The number of homeless ex-prison leavers in Wales is at its highest level for a decade, a charity has said, because of a "desperate need" for help to find them housing after their release from jail.Building more one-bedroom flats could help ease the problem, it has claimed.
A man has been charged in connection with the seizure of firearms and ammunition in an Edinburgh city centre raid, Police Scotland have said in a new statement on social media.Â£20,000 has been recovered by officers.ÂÂ£10,000 was also seized in a raid on a property.
Four black teenagers accused of beating a disabled black man and posting a video of the attack on Facebook live have been denied bail by a judge in the US city of Chicago, where the attack took place on New Year's Eve, US media report, citing court documents.
West Bromwich Albion director of football Steve Evans has left his role at the club by mutual consent after leaving to take up a role at Championship side Reading on a two-year deal.Â£1.5m is to be paid to the club's academy director.
A diet that mimics a vegan diet can restore the function of the pancreas, US scientists say - but warn people not to "crash diet" without medical guidance, as it can cause serious harm to the body's ability to control blood sugar levels.
The merger of two of the world's biggest eyewear manufacturers, Luxottica and Essilor, has been widely reported, but there is little reason to be surprised that there is some scepticism in the optician industry about the proposed Â£1.8bn tie-up.
Wendy Houvenaghel says she was "frozen out of opportunities" at British Cycling because of her age and was subjected to a "culture of fear" at the governing body in the build-up to the 2012 London Olympics and the 2012 Paralympics.
"We're the only comedy club in Texas that doesn't make money," says the co-owner of one of the city's best-known comedy clubs, "and it's the only one in the US that makes money from comedy clubs that does anything but make money."
When the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, announced on Wednesday that BT would not be split up into two separate companies, many of the BT's shareholders jumped into the stock market by the tens of millions of pounds - but not for the reasons you might have expected.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says he may need a taxi to get back to the end of the pitch after his side's Scottish Cup semi-final against Rangers at Hampden on Wednesday."I'm looking forward to the challenge ahead of us," said the new manager.
Queen's University in Belfast is to cut the number of student places by 1,000 over the next three years, with the loss of more than 1,100 places for full-time staff and more than 600 for undergraduates, the BBC has learned from its vice-chancellor.
An NHS trust has apologised after sending out leaflets with the wrong patient information to more than 1,000 people in East Sussex who had recently been referred to hospital for cancer treatment, the BBC has learned from an "administrative error" that led to 850 appointment letters containing the wrong information being sent.
Labour's shadow foreign secretary has said the party is "trying to get a compromise" with Tory backbenchers on the Brexit bill ahead of a Commons vote on Monday, amid a row over the bill's "red line" amendment demands and "back channel" talks.
Torquay United chairman Kevin Nicholson says he does not expect any money from the sale of Kevin O'Kane to Bournemouth when the player returns to the club in the summer, despite a buy-back clause in the player's contract being triggered.
A mental health ward visit by a police officer may have contributed to the suicide of a man who drowned himself in the sea, an inquest has been told by a psychiatrist.Â£10,000 bail arrangements could have been discussed with officers, a court has heard.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed Leicester City striker Steven Taylor-Fletcher on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Championship club in the summer, reports BBC Radio Sheffield.com's Laura Kuenssbergs on a permanent deal.
A former Nasa chief scientist says it would be an "enormous disservice" to the US if President-elect Donald Trump curbs access to federal data on climate and other scientific research, which has been paid for by the US taxpayer to help predict climate change.
The Specials drummer John 'Brad' Bradbury has died at the age of 68, his family has announced.The band have paid tribute to him on social media, saying he was "the powerhouse behind The Specials" and "a key part of the Two Tone sound".
Tiger Woods missed the cut at the Farmers Insurance Open as England's Justin Rose moved into a share of the lead with two rounds to play at Torrey Pines.Â£1.5m (£1.1m) to win the tournament.Â
Former England striker Carlton Cole has warned he faces a "tough road" to recovery from kidney failure after his nephew donated a kidney to him two years after he was told he would not be able to play football again until he was well enough to do so.
Pakistan has lifted its ban on YouTube, three years after it was imposed in response to a video mocking Islam's Prophet Muhammad being posted on the video-sharing site, the country's telecoms authority has said, the BBC has learned from the BBC.YouTube has said it will restrict access to "offending material" in the country.
Leicester Tigers scrum-half Ben Benjamin is likely to miss the rest of the season after suffering a knee ligament injury, the Premiership club have confirmed to BBC Radio Leicestershire on Friday morning and is expected to be out for up to 10 weeks.
Welsh cyclist Owain Doull said he had "dreamt of this moment for so long" as he became the first Welshman to win an Olympic gold medal at an Olympics for more than a decade with victory in the men's team pursuit in Rio.
The death toll from floods in India's western state of Gujarat has passed 100, officials say, with more than 1,000 people now known to have been killed in the state since monsoon rains hit the state on Saturday.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn rupees; $2.2bn) has been spent on relief efforts.
It is believed to be the first wedding ceremony in Scotland to be conducted and officiated on skis, according to the Humanist Society of Scotland, which is trying to establish whether it is the first of its kind in the country, it has been claimed.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has been fined $100m (£64m) by Hong Kong regulators for illegal trading in the Hong Kong stock market, the city's financial regulator has said in a press release on Wednesday.The bank has been accused of "serious failings" in its internal controls.
The Baftas are over and it's been a busy night for the stars of the British film and television industries. Here's a round-up of the winners and winners from the 2016 Bafta awards, as well as some of the more eye-catching speeches.
Andy Murray's remarkable run of success in 2016 may have come to an end, and now the injury problems that have plagued him this year are threatening to take him out of the race to be the best player in the world for the first time in his career.
Police in South Africa say they have arrested three men in connection with the murder of a popular rapper in the city of Johannesburg on Sunday.Â£1m (1.5m) in cash and drugs have been recovered from the scene of the shooting.
A shot has been fired at a primary school in Liverpool in what police have described as a "targeted" attack, but no-one has been hurt, police have said, describing it as an "unexplained" gun attack on Merseyside in which a child could have been injured.
Britain's Jessica Ennis-Hill remains on course to qualify for the Rio Olympics after a mixed second day of the heptathlon at the Gotzis Hypo-Meeting in Gotzus, Austria.Â£1.6m prize money is on offer for the world's top three after the first day.
The administrator of the Manor Formula 1 team has been appointed by the sport's new owners Liberty Media after the Oxfordshire-based team went into administration earlier this month with the loss of up to 200 jobs and the collapse of the business.Â£1.5m of prize money has been lost.
The number of candidates standing in the Northern Ireland Assembly election has fallen for the first time since the last election in 1998, with a total of 228 in this year's contest.Â£1.5m is to be spent on the ballot paper for the campaign, according to the Electoral Commission.
Have you got a question about the value of the pound against the dollar and whether you should buy half of your dollars now and half of them just before you go to the US in the run-up to the presidential election in November, or wait and see if there is any change?
The winner of a competition to find the UK's best alternative model has been announced after a student from New Zealand beat off competition from more than 300 other entrants to become the first person to win the title in the UK.Â£10,000 prize money has been awarded to the winner.
A Falklands War memorial could be moved to make way for a new museum as part of a Â£13m lottery-funded project, it has been claimed by Portsmouth City Council and a petition against the move has gathered more than 1,000 signatures.
A man has appeared in court in London charged with breaching a terror control order, the BBC has learned from a court in the capital's Old Bailey court, where he is due to stand trial in July next year.The BBC understands he is the first person to appear in court under the new measures.
Sussex have appointed ex-Hampshire bowler Paul Anyon as head coach of the women's side. He will remain with the county until the end of the 2017 season.Â£1.5m is to be invested in the development of the club's women's team.
League One side Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers and Hull City midfielder Jordan Brown on a one-month loan deal.Â£1,000 has been paid to the player by the League One club.Â© BBC Radio Manchester.com.au.
Cinderella, the fairytale Cinderella, is one of the most famous fairytales in the world of cinema - a tale of a Cinderella who is rescued from a wicked stepmother to find love with a Prince Charming, only to fall in love with the wicked stepfather instead.
Ukraine's victory in the Eurovision Song Contest last year was marked by an unmissable performance by Jamala, a ballad about the conflict in the east of the country that has claimed more than 10,000 lives in the past three years of war, and a song about the Nazi occupation.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is celebrating its 30th anniversary with a series of concerts to mark the start of The Beatles' first ever run in the club in June 1966, when John Lennon and Ringo Starr played their first ever gig in the basement of the club.
South Africa's government has proposed raising the minimum wage to at least 5,000 rand ($370; Â£200; $400) an hour, in a bid to end the country's longest-running wage dispute in decades.The proposal has been welcomed by the opposition, but criticised by the government.
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Meles Zenawi, who has died at the age of 85, was one of Africa's most influential and controversial leaders, but his death has created a leadership vacuum that could prove destabilising for the Horn of Africa and the wider region.
Azhar Ali made a half-century as Pakistan's batsmen struggled on a rain-affected first day of the second Test against Australia in Melbourne.The match was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a waterlogged pitch and poor light.The second Test was washed out by rain.
Labour has won the Leith Walk and Midlothian Council by-election, with the SNP taking Leith West and Leith East from the Scottish Greens in a two-way contest.Â£1.5m in first-preference votes were cast in both seats.
Russia has said it will continue air strikes on Syrian government targets, despite US threats to end military co-operation unless it stops the bombing of rebel-held areas in the country's second city, Aleppo, and elsewhere in the north-east of the country.
Scarlets duo Rhys Hughes and Rhys Evans have signed new deals with the Welsh region until the end of the 2017-18 season, with the option of a further 12 months' service.Â£20,000 each.Â© Scarlets.com
US President-elect Donald Trump's decision to impose fresh sanctions on Russia over its alleged interference in the US election has sparked a flurry of reaction on social media, both from Russia and the US, with President Barack Obama's successor Donald Trump taking to Twitter to condemn the move.
Labour's plan to scrap university tuition fees in England is the biggest change to university policy in 20 years - and the biggest move in the party's long-running policy on tuition fees for two decades - and it's a big deal for young voters in the student vote.
Fire crews have finished their work at the scene of the Shoreham air show crash three weeks after the tragedy, the chief fire officer has said as he thanked the public for their "overwhelming support" over the past few weeks.Â£1m worth of work has been completed on the road where the aircraft crashed.
The director of national intelligence has said he is "willing" to tell Congress what he knows about the Trump administration's alleged attempts to meddle in the US election and Russia's alleged interference in the campaign to interfere in the election, but not what he does not.
The White House has declined to confirm or deny reports that President Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama celebrated their first anniversary with a lavish party in Washington DC, the White House press office has said only that the Obamas were the only ones invited to the event, not the majority of guests.
Roads in Londonderry have been closed for the Republic of Ireland Cup final on Saturday night as part of a major roadshow in the city centre on Friday night and on Saturday morning as the final stages of the final round-up of the contest take place.
Mental health problems are a huge problem for many of us, and they can lead to anxiety, depression, panic attacks and other negative emotions, such as anger, fear, depression and even panic attacks, according to research published in the journal Endocrine and Endocrinology.
The US state of Alabama has dropped an investigation into Harper Lee, the author of To Kill a Mockingbird, after she agreed to publish a second novel.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) of her own money was paid to her estate, the state says.
The US has suspended its participation in talks with Russia aimed at ending the conflict in Syria, the state department has said, accusing Moscow of failing to "live up to its own commitments" to the cessation of hostilities in the country's conflict.Russia has accused the US of trying to shift responsibility for the situation in Syria to someone else.
Sadiq Khan has been elected as the first Muslim mayor of London, becoming the first elected mayor of a major European city, and the first of his kind in the United Kingdom, in an election seen as a referendum on the political status of Muslims in the UK.
A new vicar has been appointed at a church in Lancashire after a children's song was posted on social media by parishioners in a bid to find a new parishioner to replace their outgoing incumbent.Â£1,000-a-year incumbent was advertised for the job in a video posted online.
Manchester City midfielder Kevin de Bruyne will miss the rest of the season after fracturing his ankle in his side's Europa League win over Everton on Tuesday.Â£30,000-rated midfielder Kevin De Bruyne has been ruled out for around 10 weeks with a knee ligament injury.
A man who set fire to a train in the Swiss canton of St Gallen has died in hospital, police say, in the second death toll from the attack in the past 24 hours, in which six people were injured, four of them seriously, in a knife attack.
A passenger plane was narrowly avoided a near miss with a drone as it made its final approach to an airport, police have said, calling it a "reckless" act of "recklessness" by the drone operator who flew close to the plane's wing tip.
A seal has been rescued from a beach in Aberdeenshire after its neck became tangled in netting which had to be cut free to free it from the beach.Â£1,000 worth of netting was cut free from the animal's neck to allow it to be freed.
A collection of letters and manuscripts belonging to one of Scotland's most famous writers has been put on public display for the first time in more than 50 years after it was discovered in the back of an envelope.Â£1.5m of archive material has been donated to the national library.
Leeds City Council leader Jim Roache has been elected as the new general secretary of the GMB union, which represents more than 600,000 members in the West Midlands and North East of England, the BBC has learned from its annual general meeting in Manchester.
Pop star Laura says she's "terrified" by the prospect of performing live on TV, as she prepares to kick off the new series of Later... with Jools Holland on Thursday. Here's a diary of her day-by-day preparations for the BBC Two show.
Newcastle United midfielder Jonas Gutierrez says he is determined to prove he can still play in the Premier League after being diagnosed with testicular cancer in October last year and making his return to action earlier this month after a 12-month battle against the disease in March.
Exeter City made a profit of almost £1m in the last financial year, according to the club's accounts for the financial year to the end of June 2015.Â£1.6m was made by the League Two club in 2014-15, compared to a deficit of £880,000 the previous year.
Paralympic gold medallist Abdullah Hayayei has died after being hit by a metal pole in a training accident at a London leisure centre, it has been confirmed by the International Paralympic Committee (IPC) and his team-mates.
Scottish businesses are more optimistic about the future of the Scottish economy, according to a survey by the Scottish Chambers of Commerce and the Fraser of Allander Institute. However, there are warning signs, it has been suggested.Â£1.5bn worth of investment is expected to be pulled out of Scotland's construction sector this year.
A public inquiry into undercover policing in England and Wales is likely to "expose both creditable and discreditable conduct, practice and management", Lord Justice Pitchford has said, as he opened the inquiry into allegations of wrongdoing by undercover officers in the 1970s.
New Zealand survived a second-half fightback from South Africa to reach the World Cup semi-finals for the first time in their history with a thrilling victory in a rain-soaked Pool B thriller at Eden Park.The All Blacks will face either Australia or Argentina in the final on Saturday.
The world's tallest obelisk is being fitted with a radar system in a bid to improve the safety of the landmark, which has been hit by lightning twice in its 200-year history and needs to be repaired every time it is damaged by the elements.
Spanish fashion group Inditex has reported a sharp rise in profits as it expanded its online presence and launched mobile phone payment services in all its stores in a bid to compete with the likes of Hennes & Mauritz and Marks & Spencer's Zara.Â£1bn-a-year profits have been boosted by strong sales growth.
Pop star Lady Gaga has revealed she's been working on her Super Bowl performance for the past two weeks in a tent in Los Angeles, California, in preparation for Sunday's big game in Houston, Texas, where she is set to headline the game for the first time in her career.
A woman who was sexually abused by a gang of men in Rochdale has said she is still being targeted by Asian men five years after they were convicted of child sex abuse in the town, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire show has been told by a former senior prosecutor.
A department store in Belfast city centre has been forced to close for the second day in a row after heavy rain caused a "major flooding" in the store.Staff are working around the clock to get it back open as quickly as possible, the city council has said.
A wave of apparently automated comments about proposed changes to net neutrality has been detected on a US government website, prompting concerns that it could be a form of "botting" - or deliberate spam - the BBC has learned from a number of watchers who have spotted.
Sale director of rugby Les Cotton says the club need to rebuild if they are to compete at the highest level in the north of England, following his return to the club as a director in June."There is some rebuilding to do" at the club, he says.
Disney's animated film Moana has topped the US box office chart at the first weekend of the Thanksgiving holiday, despite controversy over its depiction of Polynesian culture and its use of the word "maui" (misogynistic) in its promotion.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the quarter-finals of the Citi Open in Washington with a straight-set win over Jennifer Brady in the second round of the tournament in Washington DC in the United States on Thursday night's rain-delayed match.
Two men have been stabbed in the legs in a paramilitary-style attack in Ballymena, County Londonderry, police have said in a police report to the Public Prosecution Service (PPS).They are being treated in hospital for serious but stable injuries.
Scientists say they have identified the source of the Ebola outbreak in Guinea - bats that carried the virus to a seven-year-old boy who later died of the disease himself, Emile Boudicciou, in a hollow tree in the village where he lived.
Former world champion Stuart Bingham says he may play at the PDC World Championship if his wife gives birth before the start of the tournament."She's a bit too comfortable in her belly," says the former world number one. "Being the stubborn Little Miss Bingham it is."
A section of the pier which partially collapsed on Anglesey in February is to be demolished, the council has decided.Â£650,000 has been set aside for the work, but it is not known how much it will cost to remove the remaining section.
A campaign group has launched a legal challenge to the University of Oxford's controversial high-rise student flats in Oxfordshire, claiming they are a threat to the city's historic character and the appearance of the city centre skyline in the area's historic centre and are polluting the environment.
Parents in South Gloucestershire have been sent an open letter warning them of possible "unthinkable" changes to their children's education, including shortening the school day and cutting teaching jobs as part of plans to save £500,000 from a school trust.
Plans to set aside forests as national parks in West Africa could result in the displacement of millions of people, according to a new report from a campaign group and a think tank backed by the United Nations Environment Agency (UNEP) and the World Resources Institute (WHO).
Police investigating the discovery of a human skull on a motorway slip road in Shropshire have said further remains have been found close to the original skull and are being examined by forensic experts and excavations are being carried out in the search for a missing person.
Olympic champion Ruslan Dusmatov of Kazakhstan won gold in the men's flyweight final, beating Colombia's Omar Martinez in the final at the Rio 2016 Games in Rio on Saturday night to claim the gold medal for the second year in a row.
University staff in England are staging a one-day strike on Wednesday in a row over pay and conditions, in a dispute that could lead to further walkouts by summer exams being cancelled.Universities say they expect only "minor disruption" from the walkout.
The Scottish government is to investigate East Dunbartonshire council plans to close a primary school in a bid to save £20m from its budget over the next three years, it has been announced to the local authority's parent body, the Catholic Church in Scotland.
Japan legend Kazuyoshi Miura has signed a new one-year contract with Japanese side Sagan Tosu, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 World Cup in 2023, aged 48 years and nine months old, reports BBC Radio Tokyo.
At least 11 people have been killed in clashes in Indian-administered Kashmir on the first anniversary of the death of a militant leader who inspired a wave of militancy in the region, officials say.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
The UK's vote to leave the European Union is likely to have significant implications for the global financial markets, but what are the options for the world's central banks in the event of a similar outcome in the EU referendum and how might they deal with the fallout?
Sale Sharks forward Luke Easter will leave the Premiership club at the end of the season to become a full-time teacher in Shropshire, it has been announced on the club's official Twitter account, with a view to a return to rugby union in 2016.
Relatives of patients who died at a mental health ward at the centre of a scandal have said they are "unconvinced lessons have been learned" after the BBC Wales Today programme found evidence of failings in the care they were given there and were told it may have contributed to their deaths.
A 34-year-old man who attacked two men with a single punch in County Londonderry has been jailed for a series of violent attacks on innocent members of the public in the past year, including a serious assault on a man in his 50s.
Two-time Olympic goalkeeper Hope Solo has been suspended for two matches by the United States women's national team after testing positive for an anabolic steroid in a training camp.Â£10,000 fine and a fine of $25,000 (£13,000) has been handed to the player.
Three men have pleaded guilty to conspiracy to supply cocaine worth an estimated Â£500,000 to a drug dealer at a law firm where one of the defendants worked as a senior partner, a court has been told in a bid to avoid a jail term for the offence.
Police in Scotland are to begin carrying Tasers on the country's rail network, it has been confirmed to the BBC Scotland's Good Morning Scotland programme, in an effort to protect the travelling public from potential terror attacks in London and other parts of the UK from a "severe" threat.
Scottish engineering firm ID Systems is to create 100 new jobs after securing funding from the UK Steel Enterprise (UKSE) in a bid to double the number of its workforce to 150 by the end of the year.Â£1.5m is to be invested in the company.
One of the Brazilian footballers injured in a plane crash in Colombia on Monday that killed most of the team from Chapecoense has made a "good recovery" in hospital, his father says, as reports say he is expected to recover from his injuries this weekend.
Former BBC presenter Alan Robinson has said plans to turn part of the A303 into a tunnel near Stonehenge would be a "high-class Disneyland experience" for Wiltshire tourists and "gouge" the beauty of the site's ancient landscape.
Steven Naismith scored his first goal of the season as Everton began their Europa League campaign with a comfortable win over German side Wolfsburg at Goodison Park in the first leg of their group game at the Europa League group stage.Â£13m-rated Everton made it two wins from two in Group H.
Scunthorpe United States international defender Chris Bishop has left the club by mutual consent after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement, BBC Radio Scunthorshire has learned, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal being triggered by the player's release.
A man has been charged with the murder of his partner at a flat in south London, the Metropolitan Police has said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) investigating the death of Joanna Trojniak, who was stabbed to death in March.
It's one of the world's leading causes of cancer, but prostate cancer is often overlooked because men are reluctant to talk about their health, or visit the doctor, according to a new study published in the journal Oncology on Thursday, which aims to improve the treatment of the disease.
Christian Wade scored two tries as Wasps secured their first Premiership win of the season with a bonus-point victory over bottom club Worcester at the Madejski Stadium, despite playing most of the game with 10 men for much of the second half with 14 men.
A Frenchwoman has been killed in a gun attack on the Bardo museum in Tunisia that killed at least 22 people, including a Frenchwoman, on Wednesday.Â£1m (€1.2m; $1.4m) in cash and jewellery was also lost in the attack, officials say.
Islamic State (IS) militants have destroyed Mosul airport in an attempt to prevent Iraqi forces from using it as a staging ground for attacks, satellite imagery has revealed, as the battle for the northern Iraqi city enters its third week.Â£1bn-worth of damage has been caused to the site by the jihadists, say analysts.
The main railway line between London and Reading is to be closed for more than a week to allow for major engineering work to be carried out over Easter, Network Rail has said, but there is "no danger" of an "overrun" of the £1bn project.
A permit for exploratory drilling for oil and gas has been granted to a company in Gwynedd, Natural Resources Wales has said, despite a moratorium on the practice in the UK and in Wales until devolved powers on the matter are devolved by the end of 2017.
Online retail giant Amazon has said it will record sales in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy from 1 May, as part of a shake-up of its tax arrangements in response to European Union tax investigations into corporate tax deals with countries such as Luxembourg and the Netherlands.
Junior doctors in England are to begin a 24-hour strike on Wednesday in a dispute over pay and conditions, the chief medical officer for England has said in a letter to junior doctors' leaders in the UK's largest hospital trust, the Royal College of Midwives.
Everton have signed Oxford United midfielder Callum Kenny on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Goodison Parkhead in the summer of 2018, subject to a work permit and a work review by the Football Association.Â£100,000 in undisclosed terms.
A Dorset college has been awarded a £5.1m government grant to help it build a new £5m building and refurbish two others.Â£2.5m has also been awarded to Weymouth College to help fund a £3.2m upgrade of its facilities.
The Football Association's chairman is to meet the family of ex-footballer Jeff Astle to discuss the dangers of head injuries and concussions, his widow and two daughters have confirmed to BBC Radio Manchester's Victoria Derbyshire show on the issue of the late star's death.
If you want to know what it takes to become a super-rich, ask one of the world's most powerful people about her net worth, and you might be surprised to learn that it's not as much as you might think - it's a lot more than $50m.
Sale Sharks have extended the loan deals of teenage twins Tom and Jack until the end of the season, with the pair to remain at the club for the 2017-18 campaign, with an option to extend the deal by a further year if they are offered a permanent deal.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault on a woman in the Calais area of the Isle of Man, in which she was knocked down by a man who was believed to have been armed with a knife.
The US and Arab countries have failed to reach a deal on the future of nuclear weapons in the Middle East, after talks broke down in Vienna without agreement on a timetable for the next review of the international nuclear deal process, US officials say, citing "unrealistic and unworkable conditions".
The UK government's support for fracking in Wales is contrary to the Welsh Government's approach to other forms of energy, a minister has said, as he reminded councils of a moratorium on the practice in the country's shale gas fields remains in place until further notice.
World heavyweight champion Tyson Fury is a man on the cusp of a crash, and he's not the first boxer to suffer a mental breakdown after reaching the summit of the sport's highest peak.Â£100,000 is a lot of money for a man to spend, but it's not enough to keep him there.
England head coach Eddie Jones is expected to name his final 23-man squad for Friday's final training camp before the autumn internationals on Friday, BBC Sport has been told by a leading Premiership club boss to expect a number of players to be named in the squad.
More than 100 paintings and drawings by a World War One veteran are to go on display in North Tyneside for the first time since his death in 1936.Â£50,000 worth of work by a "much misunderstood artist" has gone on show in a new exhibition.
Scott Brown's decision to retire from international football was not a surprise, according to former Scotland boss Neil Lennon, who thought it was premature for the Celtic captain to go on a one-year sabbatical in 2014-15, says BBC Scotland's football expert Mark McGhee.
A buzzard has been rescued after becoming stuck in a garden fence in Northamptonshire, the RSPCA has said, after being rescued by a member of the public who spotted the bird's feathers stuck in the post-mortem examination area of the garden.
Post Office workers in England and Wales are to stage a one-day strike in a dispute over plans to close up to 61 branches and privatise the Post Office, it has been announced by trade union bosses in a bid to save £100m a year.
Ulster Unionist leader Mike Nesbitt has said he would rather go into Stormont with either Sinn FÃ©in or the SDLP than with a nationalist party, but has denied making a mistake in his comments on the Renewable Heat Incentive scandal.
Police in the Republic of Ireland have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than 1m euros (£700,000) in a series of raids in County Londonderry and County Fermanagh in the last 24 hours, it has been reported.
The Sinn Féin leader, Gerry Adams, has said there is a "greater opportunity" to achieve a united Ireland in the wake of the UK's exit from the European Union (EU) after the UK voted to leave the bloc.Â£1bn of EU funding should be given to Northern Ireland, he has said.
Morecambe manager Jim Bentley has urged his players to keep their "feet on the ground" as the League Two leaders move to the top of the table with three wins from three games in all competitions this season."It's early days yet but it's been a good start to the season."
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said Qatar's response to a list of demands from four Arab states has not been "reasonable and actionable" and does not "meet the criteria" of a "realistic" list of grievances demanded by the blockading nations.
Former UKIP policy spokeswoman Diane Evans has said she has "given up hope" of standing in the party's leadership contest, saying she will not put her name on the ballot paper in May's London Assembly election instead "for whatever personal reasons of their own" she can't.
An Uber taxi driver has been arrested in the Indian capital, Delhi, for allegedly raping a female passenger in a case that sparked a nationwide manhunt, local media report, quoting police as saying in a local newspaper on Monday evening's local TV channel (RSTV).
It was late on the night of the final whistle as Wales' players and fans stood side-by-side on the pitch in Lyon's Stade Velodrome to watch their team play Portugal in the Euro 2016 semi-final on Wednesday.The Welsh anthem played out in the background.
Ferguslie Park in Renfrewshire has been named as the most deprived area in Scotland, according to the latest official figures for the country's cities and towns and local authorities, with Glasgow as the least deprived area of the country for the second year running.
Great Britain's James Cassells and James Scrimgeour won their semi-final at the European Rowing Championships in Rotterdam to qualify for Saturday's lightweight pair final in the same boat as defending champions Mark O'Donovan and Shane O'Driscoll.
Raith Rovers have signed Kilmarnock midfielder Scott Johnston for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance.Â£20,000 of which will be paid by the Scottish Premiership club.ÂÂ£10,000 has been paid to the player's agent.
James Milner scored a late penalty as Liverpool came from behind to beat Swansea City and leave manager Francesco Guidolin's future at the club hanging by a thread, with the Italian's future in the balance after a third successive Premier League defeat at the Liberty Stadium.
The news that Sam Chalmers is the first player to be caught by the International Rugby Board of Control (IRB) for taking steroids is a blow to the integrity of the game, and to the Heineken Cup, but what does it mean for the rest of the world of rugby?
Radiohead will be the headline act at this year's TRNSMT music festival, which is taking place at Strathallan Castle in North Lanarkshire on Saturday and Sunday, it has been announced on the official website of organisers DF Concerts and BBC Scotland.
The White House has warned North Korea against "irresponsible provocations" after it said it had restarted work at its Yongbyon nuclear complex in South Korea, saying it was ready to defend itself "at any time" with nuclear weapons if threatened.The US says it will work with its partners to try to return the North to a " posture of fulfilling commitments".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a man thought to have been shot dead more than 20 years ago, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to find his body and find his killer's killer's remains.Detectives have said they are "confident" local people hold "new information".
It was a question you would expect to hear on a BBC Radio Manchester breakfast show - but not one you would have expected to hear from a man who made his millions from racehorses, but who is now trying to build the biggest rugby league club in the country.
Ciecilia and Isobel Joyce both took four wickets as Ireland beat Zimbabwe by eight wickets in the Women's World Twenty20 Qualifier in Thailand to move top of Group B with a 100% record.The Irish will face Scotland in their final group game on Thursday.
The daughter of a man who died after being mistakenly given a contraceptive pill has said she feels "let down" by a hospital which has been in special measures for more than three years and is still in the process of being taken out of the category of "inadequate".
Great Britain's Mark Cavendish is through to the quarter-finals of the men's Olympic road race after making a good start to his Rio Games campaign on Sunday night in the first of a busy day for British riders at the Games in the Olympic Park in Rio.
Northern Ireland's health service is to receive an extra £200m over the next three years to help it cope with demand, the Stormont Executive has announced.Â£200m is to be allocated to the health service in the next financial year, it has been announced.
Tyler and Cameron Winklevosses, the twins who have been at the centre of a long-running legal dispute with Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg, have filed a new lawsuit against the social network giant, claiming it hid evidence about the relationship between them and the founder.
A 15-year-old girl has died after being hit by a car in South Yorkshire, police have said, in what is thought to have been a hit-and-run crash involving at least one other vehicle, thought to be a 4x4.
Harry Chapman Pincher was one of Britain's best-known journalists, and one of the country's best known investigative journalists.After World War II he went from being a soldier to a journalist to becoming one of its most influential and controversial writers and investigative journalists in the 1960s.
Birmingham City have completed the signing of Dundee striker Steven Stewart on a three-and-a-half-year deal for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £1.5m, on a four-year contract, subject to a work permit.
A former soldier has been cleared by the Crown Prosecution service (CPS) of misconduct in a public office after she was arrested on suspicion of making a payment to a newspaper and a barracks at an army base in Nottinghamshire, the court has said in a statement.
Two care homes have been told to make "urgent improvements" after inspectors found "serious concerns" about the quality of care and support being provided to elderly and disabled residents.Inspectors have said they will not hesitate to take further action if improvements are not made.
Four men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a gun was allegedly seen in a car in north London, police have said, with one of them in a critical condition and another two in a serious condition in hospital in hospital with "life-threatening" injuries.
Power has been restored to more than 90,000 properties left without electricity after a substation failed at a Lancashire power station, Network Power has said, with the loss of more than 50,000 homes and businesses in the area affected by the outage.
A High Court judge has overturned a government decision to refuse planning permission for more than 1,000 homes on a former racecourse site, saying it was "unexplained" and "unconvincidentally volte-face" on the impact on the roads.
Businesses on the Isle of Wight are calling for compensation for the cost of repairs to the chain ferry which has broken down, run aground and damaged cars since it was launched in May, the council has been told by councillors.Â£10,000 is to be paid out of pocket for each of its owners.
Paris St-Germain midfielder Nabil Sliti has joined French Ligue 1 side Lille on loan for the rest of the season from fellow French side Lorient until the end of the 2017-18 campaign, with a view to a permanent move.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to kids on board the International Space Station, where he's been working on a new space station called Endeavour, which is the largest in the world at 6,000 feet (2,500m). Click here for all the latest astronaut news.
Cyclist Martyn Irvine has been named BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013 for his record-breaking achievements in the sport of road racing and road racing over the past 12 months, including a world title and European points race gold medal.
An RAF aircraft has landed safely at Prestwick Airport in Ayrshire after being escorted by Typhoons from RAF Lossiemouth, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed to the BBC Scotland's Robert Peston on the circumstances of its landing.Â£500,000 worth of aircraft was involved in the incident.
Five men arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences have been granted more time to question them by magistrates in London and the West Midlands, the BBC has learned, after two suspect devices were found at a bank.Â£100,000 worth of fake bomb-making equipment was seized.
The 2014 European Championship is under way in France, with hosts France, England, Wales and Northern Ireland among the teams hoping to qualify for the last 16 for the first time and holders Spain aiming to defend their title for the third time in four years in the process.
Great Britain's men's basketball team will host Greece in a pre-season friendly at London's Copper Box Arena on Saturday, 17 August.Coverage of the game will be broadcast live on BBC One.com.com and BBC Sport.com Sport.au.
Wales' hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals suffered a further blow as they were beaten by Australia in a scrappy Pool B encounter in Sydney, with the Wallabies moving into the last eight of the tournament with a hard-fought victory.
Scotland scrum-half Andrew Strauss says the players are determined to give Vern Cotter a send-off in his final Six Nations match in charge of the national side before he leaves the national team this summer, when he will retire from international rugby at the end of the season.
David Petraeus, the former CIA director who was forced to resign over his affair with an extra-marital affair, says the US military strategy against Islamic State (IS) needs a "political component" as well as a military one, following the recent setbacks in Iraq.
More than 100,000 email addresses have been accessed by hackers who targeted the City of Edinburgh Council's website, the authority has said in a statement.Â£1.5m worth of spam has been sent to people affected by the attack, it has been revealed.
Syrian rebels say they have launched a new offensive against government forces in the north of the country in response to what they say has been a series of violations of the seven-week-old truce that has been under way since last month.The Syrian government has vowed to respond in kind, with air strikes and shelling.
Instagram, the photo-sharing service owned by Facebook, has announced that it will begin advertising on its platform in the coming months, as part of efforts to make money from its users' photos and videos for the first time in its short history of being a business.
David Hall is to perform at this year's Mercury Music Prize for Album of the Year, in tribute to David Bowie, who died last year at the age of 69.Â£25,000 is to be awarded to the best album of the year, it has been announced.
A former Met Police detective has been found not guilty of indecently assaulting a prisoner more than 30 years ago, a court has heard after a trial that lasted more than two weeks.Â£100,000 in costs and costs have been paid to the Crown Prosecution Service.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called for a cross-party consensus on the UK's exit from the EU after the general election to achieve a "satisfactory deal" with the UK government's negotiating strategy for the UK to stay in the bloc.
Relatives of the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster have met the home secretary for the first time to discuss the ongoing criminal investigations into the tragedy.The families have called for a new law to make it a crime to refuse to co-operate with police investigations.
People who post "grossly offensive" images or videos online, such as revenge porn, could face prosecution, under new laws being proposed by the UK's top law officer, the BBC has been told by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) - but warned the internet is "not an anonymous place".
On the morning of Sunday, 10-year-old Faizan Ahmad Dar walked to school in the sleepy village of Dalwan in Indian-administered Kashmir with his mother, Zarifa, and his grandmother, Zafar, in the early hours of Sunday.
A woman has died after being hit by a truck in Gwynedd, prompting a police warning to motorists to slow down and take care on the side of the road in the event of an oncoming car crash on the M4 motorway in the north Wales.
The four preferred bidders for the next rail franchise in Wales have been announced by the Welsh Government, as part of plans for a major public transport shake-up in the country over the next 10 years, it has been announced in a press conference in Cardiff.
Veteran broadcaster Robbie Robertson is to step down from BBC Radio Scotland's Take the Floor after 35 years of presenting the show, it has been announced on the station's official website and on social media site Facebook and its website, with a farewell message on his official Facebook page.
Preston manager Chris Coleman has criticised the way the Football League has dealt with Carlisle United's 'home' fixture list, saying it is unfair to the rest of the League Two clubs who have to travel to the Cumbrians' Cappielow.
Two Manchester United fans have been found hiding in a toilet cubicle at Old Trafford ahead of Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal after going on a night out with their friends on Friday night, the club has confirmed to BBC Radio Manchester and BBC Radio Lancashire.
League Two side Accrington Stanley came from behind twice in extra-time to beat Preston 3-2 in the EFL Cup first round at the Keepmoat Stadium and reach the third round of the competition for the first time in their history.Â£1.5m will be spent on new manager John Coleman's first season in charge.
A shop worker who had his tools stolen from his van has been reunited with them in a cat charity shop after his Facebook post about the incident went viral on social media went viral and was picked up by a magazine and TV newsreader, it has emerged - and cost him £100.
Laura Muir says she is "gutted" she will miss the Commonwealth Games in April because of her university studies, but believes she has "at least two, even three" more Olympic Games in her career ahead of her in London on Sunday.Â£50,000 is the prize money.
Southend United will play Nile Ranger behind closed doors in pre-season friendlies so he can return to full training before the start of the new season, says the club's head coach after he was jailed for online banking fraud in the summer, reports BBC Essex.
Radio 2 DJ Chris Evans has led tributes to Sir Terry Wogan, saying he was "the butt of most of his jokes", as condolence books are opened in the Irish city where he was born and lived for more than 50 years.Â£10,000 will be donated to the family of the late broadcaster.
Scotland's political parties have called on the UK government to guarantee the future of jobs at the Clyde shipyards in Govan and Scotstoun, amid concerns over shipbuilding orders for Type 26 frigates at the sites of the two shipyard sites in Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump and his rivals Ted Cruz and Marco Rubio have traded blows in a heated debate in South Carolina, the first contest of the 2016 race for the party's nomination in the US state's Republican presidential primaries, in which they are all vying for delegates.
Ukraine has won the Eurovision Song Contest for the first time, beating Russia and Australia to victory in a dramatic final in Stockholm on Saturday night - but not everyone was quite sure what to make of the surprise result, writes the BBC's John Kennedy O'Connor.
Lifeguards are to patrol a beach where six men died after getting into difficulty in the sea last summer, a council has announced.Â£50,000 is to be invested in a beach patrol following the deaths of those who drowned there last year.ÂÂ£5,000 will be spent on patrols over the summer holidays.
Partick Thistle captain Osman Osman says the club do not want manager Alan Archibald to leave Firhill following reports linking the 53-year-old with a move away from Firhill this summer, despite interest from clubs around the League One club.
Canadian police have arrested 10 people suspected of leaving the country to join the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Iraq and Syria, the country's public safety minister has said, in a statement to the CBC news network.Â£1m (1.6m C$1.8m; $2.2m) in cash and $1.5m (2.4m euros; C$2.3m Cdn).
League Two side York City have signed Leicester City midfielder Callum Dixon on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to York City in the summer, subject to a medical and a work permit, on a three-and-a-half year deal.
The NHS in England could save £500m a year if it stopped treating foreign visitors and migrants, the government has said, as it announced plans to tackle the issue.The health service is being "perverted" by a "perverse incentive" in the way it treats them.
Belfast Giants moved level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils after beating Braehead Clan 5-2 at the SSE Arena on Monday night to move to within a point of the Welsh side with three games remaining.Â£1.5m Cardiff Devils are still waiting for their first Elite League win of the season.
One of the world's most famous locomotives, the Flying Scotsman, is set to make its return to the rail network this weekend, more than 50 years after it was first introduced to the British public in the 1920s and 30 years after its last service.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child at an East Yorkshire Catholic school has been awarded Â£100,000 in damages by a judge at the High Court in Leeds after his case was dismissed by the Court of Appeal on Monday.Â£1m compensation is to be paid to him by the church.
Harry Potter spin-off Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them has topped the UK and Ireland box office in its first weekend of release, taking more than £7m (£5.4m) on its opening weekend in cinemas across the UK.The film has taken £3.5m (£2.2m) in its home market.
World champion Lizzie Williamson says she is lucky to be alive after a crash at the Rotterdam Grand Prix de l'Amitie in which she broke her neck and back in a high-speed crash at last year's European Track Cycling Championships.
The gap between men and women's life expectancies is starting to narrow, according to a University of Oxford professor who has been working out how long men can expect to live before they reach the age of 30, before they catch up with women at the end of their lives.
A police and crime commissioner resigned from his post after he was asked to appear on BBC One's Question Time programme to discuss the Manchester Arena attack, the BBC has learned from the BBC Newsnight website, which led to the resignation of a senior figure in the force.
If you want an insight into the dark side of the Chinese economy, you might want to consult one of the country's best-known economists, Stephen King.He's the author of the best-selling author of The Ten Commandments, The Theory of Everything, and The Seven Summons.
Plans to build a super sewer under the River Thames in London could be a "gold-plated" investment, according to a leading academic who has called on the government to back the project in a bid to improve the quality of water supplies in the capital.
The developer behind the Swansea tidal lagoon project has accused Natural Resources Wales (NRW) of publishing "unrealistic and grossly misleading" figures for the impact of the scheme on fish populations in the area it operates in Wales, BBC Wales has learned from a briefing note.
Sale Sharks have signed Glasgow Warriors forward Josh Strauss on a two-year deal from next season, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the current campaign, subject to a work permit and a medical, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport.
A China Eastern Airlines plane has made an emergency landing in Australia after a hole appeared in one of its left engines, according to reports.Aviation safety authorities are investigating the cause of the incident.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) of damage.
The Home Office has said it will review its decision to refuse permission for a British woman to stay in the UK with her non-EU husband after her family appealed to their MP for a rethink on the issue.Â£1,000-a-year income threshold will be lowered, the government has said.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the month of January.At no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media.Â© BBC News.
Czech football legend Tomas Fitzel believes a 16-team top-flight would benefit the development of young players in the Czech Republic, but believes Scottish clubs should listen to fans' wishes.Â£1bn-rated Scottish Premiership clubs need to rethink their plans, according to the former Czech Republic boss.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's President Joseph Kabila has appointed Etienne Tshibala as interim leader of the main opposition party, the Justice ministry has said, in a move seen as a major blow to efforts to end his 27-year-rule.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's 85th-minute winner gave Wycombe a narrow victory over Exeter in League Two as the Chairboys extended their unbeaten run to five games with a 1-0 win at Adams Park on the road to the top of the table.
Journalists at Fairfax Media, Australia's biggest newspaper publisher, have gone on strike over plans to cut 125 editorial jobs in a bid to save the company A$2bn ($1.6bn; Â£1.8bn) over the next two years.
Trainer Richard Hannon says he would be "amazed" not to see apprentice jockey Ryan Marquand follow in the footsteps of Ryan Moore and become a champion jockey in the future, like the three-time champion Flat racing jockey of the past decade.
Negotiators from Colombia's Farc rebel group and the government have agreed to resume peace talks next week, after the release of a top general who was kidnapped by the group earlier this month, officials say.The next round of talks will focus on a de-escalation of the conflict.
Blackburn Rovers have been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association for the red card shown to defender Emmanuel Akpan.The player has been given a three-match ban for pushing a referee and attempting to confront a second official at the start of his side's defeat.
Octopuses that change colour, stand tall and spread their web in a "Nosferatu pose" are likely to show signs of aggression, a study has found, shedding new light on the behaviour of the giant cephalopod's social behaviour.
Former British number one Laura Robson has been added to the list of British players who will play at the Nottingham Open next month as a warm-up event for the Wimbledon main draw in June and July, BBC Sport has learned from the tournament's director of women's tennis Andy Murray.
The Democratic Republic of Congo's government has said it will not exhum the bodies of more than 100 people whose remains were found in a field in the capital, Kinshasa, after a search by local residents found a body in a nearby burial ground.
Everton are set to appoint Southampton boss Ronald Koeman as their new manager, BBC Radio 5 live has learned, with the club expected to confirm the appointment on Friday.The Toffees have agreed a deal to take over from Ronald Koemen on a three-year contract.
The White Paper on England's housing needs is a chance for the government to set out its vision for the future of the country's housing market and set out what it wants to do to make it more affordable and more affordable for all.Â£1.5bn is a lot of money for the private sector, but it is not enough to solve the problem.
At least five people have been killed and several others injured in a suicide bomb attack on a police station in northern Turkey, the Turkish army says.The attack was carried out by the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) militant group, which has been blamed by the government for a series of recent attacks.
A body found in woodland in Motherwell is believed to be that of a missing teenager from North Lanarkshire, police have said in a post-mortem examination report to the procurator fiscal (PFA) in Scotland's Missing Persons Unit (MHPSNI).
Barcelona's Luis Suarez is the world's most expensive player, according to a study by the CIES Football Observatory, with a value of £150.4m - almost £150m more than any other player in the world at the time of the 2014-15 season.
The solar-powered aeroplane Solar Impulse has left China's east coast on the first leg of its attempt to fly around the world using only the power of the Sun, and is now on its way to Hawaii's Kalaeloa airport in Hawaii.
A deputy police and crime commissioner (PCC) suspended over allegations of gross misconduct has settled her case with the force, it has emerged, after a long-running dispute over the way she handled her suspension from the force in the wake of the case.The two parties have settled their differences.
US actor Ed Herrmann, best known for his role as Richard Gilmore in the hit TV series Gilmore Girls, has died at the age of 74, his family has said."He was a true gentleman and a scholar," his son has said of his father, who died on Wednesday.
Northern Ireland captain Gareth McAuley says his side's 2-0 Euro 2016 win over Ukraine was a "very special moment" for the team after they had been "written off" as a serious threat to their hopes of reaching the last 16."We had to prove to ourselves that we can compete with the best teams," said the Northern Ireland captain.
The High Court has rejected two legal challenges to the UK government's plans to leave the European Union (EU) in the wake of the UK's vote to leave last week's EU referendum result in favour of Remain in the EU.The judge has said he will not rule on the legality of the Brexit process.
The daughter of a man seriously injured in a stabbing that killed his wife and son has said she is "overwhelmed" by the support she has received from her parents' friends and family since the attack."It will take some time but obviously the emotional pain will take forever."
As North Korea prepares to release three Americans who have been held in the communist state for more than a year, the BBC looks at their cases.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters.Â£1.5m (1.4m euros; $1.6m)
South Korea's education minister has ordered an investigation after a question-making error in a national high school entrance exam caused "chaos" among students and their parents, reports say, with scores being affected by up to 4,000 students missing out on a place in university.
A rugby league club has held talks with the owners of Gloucester Rugby Football Club in a bid to secure a permanent home for the Premiership club, BBC Radio Gloucestershire has learned from the All Golds Rugby League Club website, which is owned by the Rugby Football League.
A Sinn Féin MP has accused Jeremy Corbyn of trying to "isolate and ostracise" him by asking his father to intervene in a row over comments he made about the Labour leader's relationship with the party's Irish leader, Pat McGinn.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Mark Cavendish will lead a strong British field in this year's Tour of Britain, which starts in Manchester on Sunday, 7 September.Â£1.5m will be spent on the 2017 event, organisers have announced.ÂÂ£2.5 million will be invested in the race by Team Sky.
A former financial controller at a hospital charity has pleaded guilty to fraud and money laundering offences after an investigation into a £1.5m fraud.A decision on whether he will face trial is expected within days, a court has heard in Basingstoke.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have arrested five people after a Dalit woman was allegedly beaten up with a stick and a slipper by her neighbours in a row over her son's love for a girl from the upper-caste Dalit (formerly untouchable) community.
Turkey says it will continue its military operations in Syria until all "terrorist elements" have been "neutralised", amid a row with the US over its pursuit of Kurdish fighters in the country's north-eastern province of Jarablus, near the border with Syria.
Mae'r papur yn dweud ei gyd-esgobion yn cael eu bod yn edrych yn ymgeiswyr Caerdydd, yn ôl eu gael ei anfon gan Esgob Llanelwy yng Nghymru.
Toshiba is in talks with banks to secure a loan to help it balance its books, according to local media reports, which could spell the end of the world's third-biggest conglomerate's century-long history as a major player in the global manufacturing sector.
England will have to "pull their fingers out" and bat "really well" to win the third Test against Pakistan and take a 2-0 lead in the five-match series, according to James Anderson, who took two wickets on the fourth day.
Warren Gatland says Warren Gatland was the only British and Irish coach to tell his players who would be selected for the first two Tests of his tour of New Zealand, which starts on Saturday.Â£1m-rated New Zealand coach Eddie Henry was "making up the numbers", says the Lions head coach.
Rangers have signed Northern Ireland defender Lee Hodson from Championship side MK Dons on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with an option for a further 12 months if he is offered a further year-long loan deal at Ibrox, subject to international clearance.
The Croick Decanter, a key piece of evidence of the Highland Clearances of the 18th Century, has been donated to Inverness Museum to mark the 175th anniversary of the first clearances of land in Sutherland and the surrounding area to make way for large-scale sheep farming.
A woman who stabbed a man to death in his own home while high on crystal meth and heroin has been jailed for life at the High Court in Belfast on Monday.The judge at the Court of Appeal has described the killing as a "horrific crime" and a "sadistic injustice".
The illegal trade in illegal guns and ammunition is growing at a "considerable" rate on the dark net, according to a study by a UK-based think tank and a Manchester University-based university research team.Â£1.5bn worth of weapons is being sold on the platform every month, it has been found.
Chris Rock has filed for divorce from his wife of more than 20 years, his lawyer has confirmed. Click here to read more about Chris Rock's split from Malaak Compton-Rock on his website, here's a link to his official website: www.chrisrock.com
A man once dubbed the world's fattest has received his visa to return to the United States for weight-loss surgery, but has been put back until later this week as he needs to raise money to pay for the operation himself, it has been revealed.
A new class of drugs could help men with aggressive, drug-resistant prostate cancer, say scientists at the Institute of Cancer Research in Edinburgh.Â£1bn-worth of prostate cancer patients could benefit from the discovery of a new treatment, they say.Â© Paul Workman and Johann de Bono
The European Professional Football Leagues will be given the power to schedule domestic matches on the same night as Champions League and Europa League games after the end of a deal between Uefa and the English Football League.Â£1.5m will be paid to clubs for rearranged domestic fixtures.
Girls should be taught about female genital mutilation (FGM) as part of lessons in school lessons, a teachers' union has called on politicians to ban the practice in England and Wales, saying it is "cruel, inhumane and degrading torture that should be eliminated".
Police are investigating a serious sexual assault on a woman in a park in Dumfries and Galloway, which is believed to have been committed in the early hours of the morning.Â£5,000 has been raised for a reward for information leading to an arrest and conviction.
New Swansea City manager Alan Curtis says it would be "difficult" for the club to return to the Premier League if they were to be relegated from the top flight of the English game, even if they are relegated this season."We have lost our way," says the club's director of football Alan Curtis.
The average amount owed by Welsh students repaying their student loans has risen to £19,280, according to the latest figures for the 2017-18 academic year, compared with £11,740 for those in England and £32,220 for English students.
An 18-year-old Italian man has been arrested for allegedly pretending to be a pilot and flying as a Lufthansa airliner's "third pilot" for at least one flight, Italian police say, in a case reminiscent of the plot of the film Catch Me If You Can.
Tougher rules will be put in place to make it easier for people from the Indian sub-continent to come to the UK and learn English, David Cameron has told MPs, saying "too many cases" children are not learning it when they start school.
The number of children in Wales living in poverty has more than doubled in the past decade, according to a new report from a think tank in the Welsh government's poverty strategy.The Welsh government has said it is "working hard" to support low-income households and deliver better jobs.
The European Court of Justice has ruled that mobile workers must be paid for the time they spend travelling to and from their first and last jobs as part of their working day, in a ruling that could affect thousands of people in the UK who have to travel to or from their jobs.
Schools in Guinea have reopened after being closed for more than a month because of the Ebola outbreak, but many parents are still reluctant to send their children back to school, the BBC has reported from the West African country.Â£1m worth of school supplies have been ordered out of the country.
The FTSE 100 share index has fallen for a ninth day in a row, marking its longest losing streak in more than five years, as global markets continue to see sharp falls on fears about the health of the global economy and China's slowing growth prospects.
The sister of a teenager murdered by a County Tyrone man has said she is "angry and fearful" that he is due to be released from prison.The prison service has said it has been contacted by someone who saw the killer painting a fence in Omagh.
Russian opposition leader Ilya Kasyanov has accused President Vladimir Putin of "silent encouragement" after a Chechen leader posted a video apparently showing him being shot dead in a revenge attack on his Facebook page last week."They want to intimidate us and create pressure on the opposition," he said.
Louis van Gaal was expecting to have to defend his new-look backline in his first Premier League match in charge of Manchester United on Saturday night - and he did not expect it to be as good as it was for his side against Arsenal at Emirates Stadium.
Craft brewer BrewDog has raised more than $10m (£6.5m) in its first round of funding in the US to help fund expansion plans in the country, the company has said in a press release to the BBC Scotland news website on Thursday.
Tata Steel workers in the UK have agreed to suspend a national strike in a dispute over the closure of the final pension scheme at its UK plants, the BBC has been told by the Arbitration Service (Acas) after talks in the High Court in London.
Keurig Green Mountain, the US company that makes the K-cup coffee pods, is being bought by a private equity firm for $3.5bn (Â£2.8bn) in a deal that values the company at $5.2bn.
A university has apologised after it produced a poster mocking actress Jennifer Lawrence following the leak of private photos of her in the wake of the celebrity iCloud hack attack in which she was the victim of cyber-bullying and nude photos were made public online last year.Â£10,000 worth of student fees have been refunded by the university.
A man has been stabbed to death in an alleyway in north London, prompting a murder investigation by the Met Police and the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into the death of a man who was approached by a group of up to four men.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter says he is not surprised by the lack of players from his side being called up to the England squad for this year's autumn internationals, despite the club finishing the season in the top four of Europe's top three divisions for the first time since 2009.
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers says his side have "everything to play for" as they bid to equal the club record for the most wins in a season by going unbeaten in the Scottish Premiership in 38 games unbeaten in a row for the first time in their history.
The University of Ulster has said it will take longer than expected to complete the first phase of its new £100m student accommodation block in Londonderry, with unfinished rooms still to be installed.Â£1.5m worth of student accommodation will not be ready until next year.
An American children's TV show has been criticised for not making an appearance at a County Londonderry town's Christmas lights switch on because of a licensing mix-up with a local council in the Republic of Ireland, it has emerged in the wake of the disappearance of one of its characters.
Aston Villa have appointed Brighton & Hove Albion assistant manager Colin Calderwood as their new first-team coach on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the Championship club if he is sacked by the end of the season.
Jamie Roberts says he will use the disappointment of missing out on selection for the British and Irish Lions tour of New Zealand as motivation as he prepares to become captain of Wales for the first time."I was gutted" when he was dropped for the autumn internationals, he says.
England's win over Scotland was the perfect way to start their Six Nations campaign and it was exactly what they needed to get their season off to a winning start in the first Test match of the autumn internationals at Murrayfield on Saturday night and they did it in style.
Great Britain's hopes of qualifying for the men's 4x100m relay final at the World Athletics Championships in Beijing were ended by a last-gasp error in the semi-finals at the Olympic Stadium in London."Gutted" coach Sir Chris Hoy said it was "devastating" to lose out.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after a car and a bus collided near Kirkliston in South Lanarkshire.Police are treating the crash as a "vehicle-related accident" and are treating it as "unexplained" by the driver and passengers.
A 21-year-old man has died after a forklift truck he was driving crashed into a wall in South Lanarkshire, police have said.Â£10,000 is being sought in connection with the death of a man who was killed in the crash.
Olympic champion Nicola Adams has signed a two-year deal to train with former world champion Virgil Ayala ahead of her debut as a professional boxer in the UK and hopes to headline a show in Las Vegas in the future, says the London 2012 medallist.
It's 70 years since the first atomic bomb was dropped on Hiroshima, Japan, and the first nuclear test took place in Nagasaki, Japan - the first to be conducted in the United States since the end of the Second World War and the beginning of the Cold War.
The former boss of Anglo Irish Bank, Michael Drumm, has appeared in court in the Republic of Ireland after being extradited from the US to face fraud and money laundering charges linked to the collapse of the bank in 2008 and the Irish financial crisis in 2009.
Lala Njava is one of Madagascar's best-known musicians, and one of the country's most popular singers. She has performed for the BBC's Africa Beats series for the first time in her home country, in the Malagasy capital, Antananarivo, in Madagascar.
Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority have had a long time to mourn the passing of Aung San Suu Kyi and the progress she's made in building a new government.For years they've waited and waited for something to happen for their rights and for their survival.
Andy Murray says his new coach, Ivan Lendl, can help him get back to the top of the world rankings and win his first Grand Slam title since winning Wimbledon last year. Here's what it was like to see him again at Queen's Club this week.
Young people have been talking about the impact of the Scottish independence referendum and how they want the voting age to be lowered to 16 or 17 in future general elections in the UK. Here's Newsbeat's Big Debate with some of the 16 and 17-year-olds who voted.
Mercedes Formula 1 boss Toto Wolff has had his fill of Nico Rosberg this year - the German driver of 2016 won the season-ending Abu Dhabi Grand Prix, but he is now on the verge of a decision that will be the biggest shake-up in the history of the sport.
Smoking may increase the risk of schizophrenia, according to a study of more than 300,000 people who have smoked in the UK over the past 50 years, say researchers in the US and Canada.Experts say they have made a "strong case" for a link between psychosis and tobacco.
Firefighters have rescued four people, including two children, from a beach in Somerset after it was cut off by the tide.Â£10,000 worth of seaweed washed up on the shoreline has been washed away by rising tides.â€¦
A former Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Church of England could be promoting "an anguish and pain" by allowing terminally ill people to end their own lives, he has said in a newspaper article published a day before the House of Lords debates a bill on assisted suicide.
Gary Lineker has described Leicester City's decision to sack manager Claudio Ranieri as "unbelievable" and "a sign of modern football" and says it was a "wrong decision" by the club's Thai owners Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha.
Rescue workers in Bangladesh are digging through the rubble of the collapsed Rana Plaza garment factory in the capital, Dhaka, using only their bare hands to try to reach people trapped under the rubble.The rescue operation is entering its fifth day.The army says heavy equipment will be brought in if necessary to bring in heavy equipment.
Dundee United have signed Southampton goalkeeper Harry Lewis on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent move to Tannadice in the summer of 2018.Â£100,000 of cash has been spent on the 19-year-old goalkeeper.
Aberdeen were beaten 3-0 by Celtic in the Scottish League Cup final at Hampden, but manager Derek McInnes was left to assess his side's performance after the final whistle and assess his former club's chances of winning the trophy.Here are the player ratings for each of his former clubs.
The public inquiry into the death of Alexander Litvinenko, the former Russian spy who was poisoned with radioactive polonium in London in 2006, is due to begin its first full public hearing later this week in a bid to find out why he was killed and what happened to him.
A health board has been criticised for failing to properly manage a charity's donation towards a challenge to raise awareness of organ donation law changes in Wales, a report has found, despite a surplus of more than £1,000 being declared.Â£10,000 was awarded as a loan, auditors found.
An elderly woman has been hit by a bin lorry in the centre of Edinburgh, police have said, after she was seen walking with a wheeled walking aid and a wheelie bin in her handbag, which was being used to balance on her feet.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of driving a tractor as a taxi for his "drunken mates" in North Yorkshire, North Yorkshire Police said on social media after stopping the vehicle in the early hours of the morning on Saturday.
A man accused of posing as a victim of the Grenfell Tower fire has pleaded not guilty to two counts of false imprisonment and false imprisonment in relation to the blaze in west London last June.Â£100,000 has been seized from him by police and he will stand trial.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu, a former government minister and member of the opposition, looks at some of the key events in Africa in 2017 that will shape the future of the continent and how it will respond to the challenges ahead.
A man who built a mock-Tudor castle without planning permission has told a judge he hopes to rebuild it, after being told to demolish it or face going to jail for contempt of court over the issue, a judge has been told in a contempt case.
The first of 22 new tram lines in Nottingham have opened to the public after years of delays caused by construction work in and around the city centre and the surrounding town centre, it has been announced on the city council's website and on social media sites such as Facebook.
DIY SOS volunteers have been targeted by thieves who broke into their vans while they were working on a project to extend a family home at the National DIY Show, it has been claimed by BBC One's DIY SOS.com news website, despite the show's presenter saying he was "disappointed".
Tullow Oil has reported a loss of £1.6bn for the year to the end of December 2015 as the price of oil continues to fall sharply and the company warns it may not be able to meet its financial covenants this year due to uncertainty in the sector.
EE has been rated as the UK's best mobile network operator in a series of tests, with Vodafone the worst, a study has found, with O2 and Three the best in some other areas of the country, but not in all areas.
A homeless man who took a rollercoaster across Dumfries in a bid to get home after a night out drinking has been given a community payback order and a 12-month driving ban by a court in the Scottish Borders town where he committed the offence.
In the middle of last year, hundreds of people living in the poor neighbourhood of Vila Uniao in the Brazilian city of Rio de Janeiro had their homes marked with the words "Rio de Janeiro" written on the side of their houses.Â£370m plans to build a new rapid bus route around the neighbourhood were about to be implemented.
The UK's nuclear regulator has been accused of "moving the goalposts" after it agreed to increase a safety limit on one of the UK's oldest and most vulnerable reactors by more than three times its current limit.Â£1bn worth of graphite bricks will be allowed to lose weight in the next few weeks.
The American man who killed a famous lion in Zimbabwe has been criticised for killing the animal for his own personal gain, saying he did not know the animal was protected by the law and should not have been allowed to go ahead with the hunt at all, despite paying to kill it.
A limited edition of Lagavulin Scotch whisky is to be sold to raise more than £300,000 to help Islay Heritage and help preserve the island's history in the 200th anniversary year of its founding year, it has been announced in a bid to mark the event.
A David Hockney friend died after jumping head first off a balcony and drinking acid, an inquest has been told by the artist's ex-partner and a pathologist who examined the body of the man who fell from the balcony.Â£1m worth of drugs were found in his body, an expert has told the court.
Nigerian rower Chierika Ukogu has won a silver medal at the Olympics - but only after rapper Snoop Dogg posted a picture of her on social media claiming she had already won it on his Instagram account, sparking a flurry of reaction from Nigerians.
A plane bound for Chicago has made an emergency landing in Edinburgh after declaring a second emergency due to a mechanical problem with the aircraft.There were no passengers on board the aircraft when it was forced to make an unscheduled landing at the Scottish city's airport.
A minute's silence will be held before Wednesday's Europa League final between Manchester United and Ajax at Wembley Stadium as a mark of respect for the victims of Monday's attack in Manchester, which left 22 people dead and 59 others injured, the Football Association has said.
The government spent £8.3bn on converting more than 2,300 schools in England into academies in the two years after the election, according to a report by the public spending watchdog, despite a 1,307% rise in the number of schools in the sector.
When Russell Knox arrived at Castle Stuart for the Scottish Open, he had a big smile on his face as he walked over to the clubhouse to warm up for this week's first round of golf's most prestigious event of the year, the weather wasn't too good for him.
The mother of murdered teenager Charlene Downes is taking legal action against Lancashire Police over delays in releasing CCTV footage of her daughter's last day alive, 13 years after she went missing, it has been claimed by the BBC understands it is worth £100,000.
Police in Rio de Janeiro have asked the International Olympic Committee (IOC) president, Thomas Bach, to appear before them as part of an investigation into alleged illegal ticketing at the Rio Olympics and Paralympics, the BBC has been told by Brazilian police.
Joyce Banda is Malawi's first female president - and the first female leader of the country's ruling party, the opposition People's Party - but she has faced fierce criticism from within her own party and from some of her own supporters.Â© Joyce Banda / AFP
The English Football League (EFL) has apologised for "technical issues" that led to "human error" in the live draw for the first round of the EFL Cup, in which Charlton Athletic were handed a home tie at Exeter City, while Forest Green Rovers were drawn at home to Wolves.
Three pygmy marmosets that were stolen from their enclosure at a zoo in Sydney, Australia, have been returned to their mother, after being found by the public and returned to the zoo where they were being cared for by a zoo worker, police say.
The UK's intelligence services are being held back by a "permafrost" of male middle managers who have a "very traditional male mentality" and a "traditional male outlook".Websites like Mumsnet should be used to find female spies, according to MPs.
The leader of the Ahmadiyya Muslim community has said the UK must "stand up against all forms of oppression and hatred" in the wake of the Westminster terror attack in which four people were killed and more than 50 injured.Â£1m will be spent on the victims' families, he has said.
Singer Charlotte Church has announced that she has lost her third child, saying she and her partner Jonny Powell are "grieving" and "are together as a family" in a statement on her Twitter account on Monday night, it has been confirmed to the BBC.
A man who caused the deaths of two men in a head-on crash while being pursued by police has been jailed for 12 years.Â£100,000 in fines and costs for causing death by dangerous driving has been ordered to pay Â£50,000.
A woman who has lived as a man for most of her life has spoken of her relief at finally being able to live as a woman after undergoing gender reassignment surgery at the age of 69."For years I felt I was in the wrong body and it wasn't until I plucked up the courage to ask for help."
Astronomers have discovered a baby Jupiter-like planet in the far reaches of our Solar System, the first of its kind to be discovered in the Solar System.Â£1bn worth of research has been carried out by astronomers in the US, and it's pretty exciting!
Peace campaigners have set up a campsite in Newport in preparation for the Nato summit in the city next week which is expected to be attended by world leaders from around the world including US President Barack Obama and UK Defence Secretary Ash Carter, BBC Wales has learned from a group of campaigners.
A man has been arrested over allegations Pippa Middleton's iCloud account was hacked and private pictures of her children offered to a newspaper, the BBC has learned from her legal team, who are representing her in a cyber-bullying case against a "criminal act".
Poland's ambassador to the UK has called for an investigation into reports of "xenophobic abuse" directed against its citizens in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, saying it is "outrageous" and "shocking" to report any incidents.
Ospreys have signed Wales full-back Rob McCusker on a short-term deal until the end of the season after he impressed on trial with the Welsh region following his release by British and Irish Irish last month.Â£1.5m move from London Irish.
Masked gunmen have ambushed a Saudi prince's motorcade in Paris, stealing 250,000 euros ($300,000; Â£200,000) in cash and official documents, French police say, in what officials say is a case of organised crime.
The words 'woman in a man's world' are often used to describe athletes who compete at major sporting events, whether it is an Olympic Games, a World Cup final, a European Sevens tournament, or even the Olympics itself - they are usually reserved for the elite athletes.
Telecoms and phone services in Shetland have been restored after a fault at a radio transmitter in Orkney caused major disruption to the island's communications system on Friday.Â£100,000 worth of damage caused by the problem has been repaired, it has emerged.
A Jersey school has cancelled its prom because of "unacceptable pressure" on parents and the strain of trying to "be slim, fashionable, have perfect skin" at the event, it has been claimed in a letter sent to parents to warn them of the event's risks.
Mohamed, whose name I have changed to protect his identity, is one of thousands of migrants trying to cross the Turkish-Syrian border in the hope of a better life for themselves and their families - but he is not looking for it in the best of times.
Former Leyton Orient chief executive Gary Porter has returned to the club as a consultant after a two-and-a-half-year absence as they return to the Premier League with promotion to the Championship on 1 July, reports BBC Radio Leicestershire.
US Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg has admitted to dozing off at last year's State of the Union address in Washington, DC, after drinking wine at the dinner that precedes the speech in order to stay hydrated for the event in Washington.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences following a counter-terrorism operation in Greater Manchester, the BBC has been told by Greater Manchester Police Service (GPS) and the Foreign Office (FCPSNI) in the UK and the US embassy in Washington DC.
New Zealand's Prime Minister John Key has announced he is to step down after three terms in office, saying he has "left nothing in the tank" after nine years in the job and four years as leader of the country's ruling party, the National Party.
Labour has accused the Conservatives of using "industrial scale" personal attacks on its own election candidates on social media to "harass and intimidate" Labour MPs and other political figures in the run-up to May's snap general election on 8 June, saying it was "completely unacceptable".
A taxi driver has been sought by police investigating an attempted child abduction in Derbyshire who may have picked up two teenage girls in the area on the same day as the alleged victim, who is believed to be pregnant and about seven months' pregnant, police have said.
A food truck serving up food and drink to ex-offenders is to double the number of trainees it takes on as part of a project aimed at helping them get their lives back on the straight and narrow in the community, it has been announced in the Scottish government.
A man who raped a woman in Glasgow 10 years ago is believed to be living in the Netherlands, it has been claimed, after being named as one of the UK's most-wanted fugitives on a list of most wanted fugitives from the UK and the EU.
Police in the US city of Dallas have stepped up security around the main police headquarters amid fears for the safety of officers, officials have said, but no-one was found during a search for a suspect.Â£2m (£1.5m) in explosives was found in the home of a gunman who killed five police officers.
A paedophile who groomed a 12-year-old boy on Facebook before raping him and sexually assaulting him has been jailed for 12 years and four months for a string of sex offences against the boy and his sister.Â£20,000 in fines and a £10,000 fine.
Samantha Kornienko has arrived at the International Space Station (ISS) to start her six-month mission to the space station, where she will be the first female astronaut ever to spend time in space and become a science teacher and carry out experiments.
A councillor has been warned she could be banned from taking part in future protests against tree felling in her home town after a council launched legal proceedings against her and other tree-removal protesters.A council has warned it will seek a High Court injunction to stop them taking part.
Team Sky riders Geraint Thomas, Peter Kennaugh, Elia Viviani and Michal Kwiatkowski have backed team boss Sir Dave Brailsford in his battle to stay in charge of the team after a series of high-profile doping scandals."We all back Dave B 100%" says Team Sky rider Owain Doull on Twitter.
Snap, the company behind Snapchat, has announced it is developing a camera-equipped version of the messaging app’s video-recording software.The company has said it will sell a version of its product that will let users record and share short-term footage.
Guinea-Bissau's football players have been released from a 24-hour strike a day before they were due to fly to Gabon for the Africa Cup of Nations after finally being paid their bonuses, the government has said in a statement to the BBC.
David Cameron has said he "strongly supports" the right of grammar schools to expand, but would not say when the government would make a decision on a proposed new school in Kent to become the first in the county to have a satellite in the south-east of England.
Bristol City came from behind to beat 10-man Watford at Vicarage Road and move into the Championship play-off places with their first win of the season in a thrilling game at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday.Â£12m-rated Bristol City moved up to third place in the table with victory.
Two wings of a prison in Wiltshire have been "destroyed" during a series of disturbances, the Prison Officers' Association has said.Relatives of inmates have told the BBC they were locked in their cells for three days without hot food, hot water and no staff.
England batsman Joe Root says he owes much of his success to former coach Peter Moores, who has been sacked as England women's head coach after a year in charge of the men's national side, after winning the Women's Player of the Year award.
Morecambe boss Grant McCann says he will not give up on reaching the League One play-offs despite his side's 3-0 home defeat by Peterborough United on Tuesday night, despite being five points off the play-off places at the end of the season.
A public inquiry has begun into a planning application to build 600 homes on the site of a medieval woodland in Kent which has been under threat for more than 500 years, it has been claimed by a group opposed to the scheme's proposed development in a bid to protect the area.
A railway line which has been closed for more than two weeks after a section of track collapsed is expected to reopen next week, Network Rail has said, but it is not known when it will reopen fully until next month.Â£1.5m of repairs have been carried out.
The Metropolitan Police has agreed to pay damages to an Asian detective who claimed a monkey toy toy was racist after raising the issue with the force in 2013, the BBC has learned from a source close to the case.Â£35,000 compensation has been paid to him.
Philippine President-elect Rodrigo Duterte has said journalists "won't be killed if you don't do anything wrong", in one of the most controversial remarks of his presidency so far, human rights groups say, as he unveiled his new cabinet in the country's first major shake-up.
A surfer has died in hospital after being bitten by a shark while surfing in Western Australia, police have confirmed to AFP news agency, in the country's first shark attack of its kind in recent years.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m; $2.2m) in shark-related losses.
A man has been airlifted to hospital after falling from a kayak into the water at a lifeboat event in Gwynedd, the RNLI has said.Â£10,000 worth of equipment has been donated to help with the cost of the operation.
Botswana is one of Africa's most stable countries, and one of the continent's most successful economies, but its reliance on the country's diamond industry is threatening its long-term sustainability, writes the BBC's Nkosi Tshabalala in the capital, Gaborone.
A toddler who died after suffering "many and terrible injuries" suffered from septicaemia and a broken leg, a court has heard, as the toddler's mother went on trial for her murder and attempted murder at the same time, a jury has been told.
Dundee United manager Mixu Paatelainen praised his side's "mental toughness" after a hard-fought win over 10-man St Johnstone at McDiarmid Park kept alive their hopes of survival in the Scottish Premiership relegation play-off.
A man has been found guilty of murdering his ex-girlfriend after she sent him a text message saying she hoped he would not go to prison for beating her "to a pulp" before he killed her in a "savage" attack at their flat in Norwich.
Three fire-fighters saved the life of a man who was trapped in a submerged car after it crashed into a dyke on a dual carriageway, police have said, giving him the "kiss-of-life" from a colleague who jumped in to save him.
The number of armed police officers in the Metropolitan Police is to be increased by 1,500, Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has said, as he announced plans to step up the force's response to terror attacks in London and the rest of England and Wales.
Italy's lower house of parliament has approved a law that will change the country's electoral system to a proportional system for the first time since the end of the Communist era in 2006.Â£1bn ($1.1bn; $1.2bn) in public spending cuts have been approved by MPs.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with banks and telecoms stocks leading the way after Donald Trump's surprise election victory boosted financial stocks.Chipotle shares fell after the company said sales had not recovered as much as expected following food safety issues.
A man who caused the death of a four-year-old boy in a head-on car crash has been jailed for four years for causing the boy's death and injuring four others, including his mother's unborn baby daughter, in a crash in May 2014.
Britain have named a strong squad for the IPC Athletics World Para-athletics Championships in London next month, which will be held in the same year as the World Athletics Championships in Doha, with sprinter Jamie Peacock and T37 100m 100m champion Sophie Hahn among the favourites.
The Afghan president has promised to investigate the rape of a woman in the north-east of the country, after she and her husband went public with their case.The father threatened to kill himself unless his alleged attackers were put on trial.Â£10,000 (Â£8,000; $11,000)
A man who broke into his girlfriend's home and caused £1,000 worth of damage to the roof has been jailed for three months.â€‚¬2,000.50.Â£1,500 in fines and costs, plus costs of £2,500.
Jonathan Trott's maiden first-class century put Warwickshire in a strong position against Somerset on day three of their County Championship Division Two match.Â£1.5m-rated Somerset are still in danger of being made to follow on at Taunton after being set a target of 270 to win.
Mickey Demetriou's first-half free-kick earned Newport County their first win under new manager Mike Flynn as they beat Yeovil Town at Rodney Parade to move out of the League Two relegation zone and into the League One play-off places.
Jack Grealish scored a hat-trick as England thrashed Guinea 5-1 to make it two wins from two at the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea.Â£1.5m will be paid to the winner of the Group B tie between the hosts and Guinea.
Labour MP Emily Thornberry has resigned from the shadow cabinet after posting a picture of an England flag-waving house on Twitter, in the wake of her party's defeat in the Rochester and Strood by-election defeat by UKIP in May's general election.
The Carpenters singer Richard Carpenter is suing the record label that has released his band's music for more than half a century, claiming it has underpaid him for digital downloads of the band's work.Â£1.5m in royalties.Â¬1.4m.
A Scottish-led trade delegation is visiting Myanmar as part of a trade mission to boost links between Scotland's oil and gas industry and the country's new energy minister and its new government in a bid to capitalise on its vast oil and natural gas resources potential.
The Catholic Church in the Dominican Republic has played a key role in the recent migration crisis that has seen tens of thousands of Haitians deported from the country, the BBC's Will Grant has found in a camp in the northern border town of Parc Cadeau near the city of Port-au-Prince.
A Surrey school is to be rebuilt to cope with a shortfall in the number of places it has to offer to pupils in a bid to increase pupil numbers by more than 10,000.Â£2.5m is being spent on a third phase of a multi-million pound expansion.
Portsmouth's latest signing, Kipruto Linganzi, says he is "hungry" for a first-team place after making his debut for the League Two club on Monday night and signing a new contract with the club until the end of the season.
Ulster pair James Henderson and Stuart Bowe could return from injury in time to face Zebre in the Pro12 game at Kingspan Stadium on Friday after being ruled out of Saturday's game against Munster.Dan Cole is set to make his first appearance of the season for the region.
Councillors in a Powys town have voted to oppose plans to turn a former pub into a convenience store in the Brecon Beacons National Park Service (CPS).Â£1m plans to build a supermarket in the area have been discussed at a public meeting.
Dundee came from behind to draw with Falkirk in the Scottish Championship, despite being held to a draw at McDiarmid Park on Tuesday night, with both sides having a man sent off in the final 10 minutes of stoppage time at New Douglas Park.
Australian opposition parties have called on Prime Minister Tony Abbott to do more to help refugees from the Middle East, after a photo of a drowned Syrian boy was used as a rallying cry for his immigration policy in the country's first week of his term in office.Â£1.5bn ($1.6bn; $1.8bn) in aid for refugees is due to be spent this year.
Scottish government plans to ban the cultivation of genetically modified (GM) crops in Scotland have been criticised by a group of scientists, academics and farmers' groups who claim it could damage Scotland's reputation as a "clean and green" farming nation and damage the country's image.
A primary school has been accused of breaching the Equality Act after a four-year-old girl was told she could not wear a headscarf to school because it was against the Muslim dress code, a council has been asked to take action against the school.
A man who fraudulently claimed more than £39,000 in benefits has been jailed for four months and ordered to pay back £1,000 to his estranged wife in a community payback order and a further £2,500 to his benefit claim.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a great-grandfather who died after being hit by his car in West Sussex, in what was described as a "tragic" road crash in which his family said they had been living in "horrific nightmares".
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), the first estimate of growth since official figures began to be released in 2010.The figure is slightly better than the previous estimate of 0.4%.
The Women's World Cup has been a huge success for women's football in England and I hope it can be a success for the sport as well as it has been for the players and fans who travelled to Canada to watch us play in front of a record crowd of more than 90,000.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been accused of "ageist" remarks about Neil Hamilton, who has been elected as the party's new leader in Wales, saying he was "getting on a bit in years" at the age of 70 and "couldn't have done any better".
Jose Mourinho says his Chelsea side prepared for the performance they needed to beat Manchester United and "expected" the game to be like it in the build-up to Sunday's game at Stamford Bridge."Nobody saw their important players disappear," says Blues boss Jose Mourinho.
The quality of life for older people living in residential care in Wales is to be reviewed as part of a review into the care of older people in care homes across the country, it has been announced.Â£1.5m will be spent by the Welsh government over the next five years to improve the care they receive.
S4C has appointed Gareth Evans as its new director of business development for Wales, it has been announced in a press release from the Welsh language broadcaster S4C and the BBC Wales news website, which will be shown live on the BBC One Wales website.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi dweud pleidleisio gyda'r llywodraeth gynnal etholiad cyffredinol yn y Undeb Ewropeaidd, yn ôl arweinydd y Ceidwadwyr.
Scientists are to carry out the first systematic study of human remains claimed to be the remains of mythical "yeti" creatures, in an attempt to shed new light on the subject.Â£1m (£700,000) is to be spent on a project to find out if they are human.
Uefa has criticised the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) over the way it handled the case of Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho, who tested positive for a banned substance last year, saying it was "incomplete" and "inadequate".
The UK government should set up a new body to regulate the use of genetically modified (GM) crops, leading scientists have said in a report to the prime minister, arguing they are being held back by strict European Union regulations on the technology.The risks and benefits of GM crops should be taken into account, a report says.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week - and at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media. Please note that the BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has condemned as "utterly mistaken" the deputy chief of staff of the Israeli army for comparing the country to Nazi Germany, saying it was "unacceptable" for him to make the remarks.Israel's defence minister has said he will not resign.
The Welsh language broadcaster S4C is set to have its funding cut by £6.1m in 2017-18 as a review into its funding is yet to be completed, the government has said, despite cross-party calls for it to be increased immediately.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption to their journeys between Edinburgh and Glasgow over the next six months as a major engineering project begins at one of Scotland's busiest railway stations in the capital for the first time in more than 50 years.Â£1.5m is to be spent to upgrade a tunnel.
Crawley Town owner Fawaz Al Hasawi has confirmed he has sold the club to a group of foreign investors for a fee in excess of £100m.BBC Sport understands that a United States consortium is close to completing a deal to take over the Championship club.
This year's GCSE results have been dominated by Northern Ireland, with a rise in the proportion of girls getting top A* and A* grades, and a fall in the number of boys getting A* to C grades for the first time in the history of the exam system.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned of the risk of a global economic slowdown and a sudden pull-back in capital flows as it held emergency talks with finance ministers and central bankers in Washington DC on Tuesday.The group has warned that the outlook for the global economy is "extremely challenging".
Former Texas Governor Rick Perry has been left out of the top 10 Republican candidates for the 2016 presidential nomination, according to a Fox News poll.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) prize for the most popular Republican candidate for the White House has been announced.
Leicester Tigers have extended the loan of England winger Ellis Genge from Premiership rivals Bristol until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Ricoh Arena in the summer of 2016.Â£1.5m will be paid to the player's club.
The finance minister has sought to reassure staff at the DVLA in Swansea that jobs will not be lost as a result of the scrapping of the paper car tax disc, the assembly has been told by the Welsh government's finance minister.Â£1.5m will be spent on redeploying staff to other areas of the business.
Worcestershire director of cricket Steve Rhodes says the introduction of a three-day day-night Championship fixture at New Road has worked in the county's favour this season and will continue to do so for the rest of the County Championship season, despite criticism of the pitch.
Have you ever wondered what Facebook would do if it decided to build a giant town next to its Silicon Valley HQ in the US city where it's the biggest employer and its HQ is based, but where would it be located and how would you get there and what would it look like?
A teenage boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of 15-year-old Bailey Doherty who was stabbed at an Aberdeen school last month, it has been revealed in a brief hearing in the city's High Court on Monday.Â£10,000 bail has been set aside for a further court appearance.
League One side Walsall have signed Carlisle United States Under-21 goalkeeper Ryan Williams on a two-year contract.Â£500,000 has been paid to the Cumbrians for his transfer to the Saddlers, with the option of a further 12 months.
Three teenagers who murdered a teenager who was stabbed to death in Slough have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal after the case was referred to the courts under the Unduly Lenient Sentences scheme.Â£1.5m has been awarded to the three men involved.
It was a night which summed up the spirit of the Olympics and Paralympics in all its glory and glamour - a night of celebration and celebration, followed by disappointment and then a return to the reality of the end of the sporting event and the disappointment that came with it.
The Sykes-Picot project, the project that redrew the map of the Middle East in the early 20th Century, has been called the "Great Repeal of the World" - but it is under threat once again, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen.
Celtic winger Patrick Roberts says he wants to return to Manchester City at the end of the season after spending his first season at the club on loan from Premier League side Manchester City.Â£500,000-rated Manchester City have offered him a permanent deal.
The amount spent on agents' fees in England's top four divisions has risen by more than 50% in the past two years, according to the latest full-year figures.Premier League football clubs spent a record £174m on agents in the 2016-17 season, up from £130m in 2015-16.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Watford goalkeeper Paul Gilmartin and Colchester goalkeeper Chris Brill. Both players have agreed new contracts with the newly-promoted National League club.Â£250,000 has been paid in compensation for their departure from the club.
"Most of the bad stuff on the internet has nothing to do with Tor," says John Dingledine, when I ask him what he thinks about the internet's dark web and the internet as a whole, rather than the software that makes it possible for people to access it.
A couple who shot themselves in the head with a shotgun were unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard, with one of them taking his own life before he was found dead in a workshop.Â£20,000 worth of ammunition was found in the back of their car, a post-mortem examination has found.
When Gordon Strachan spoke at half-time of Scotland's 2-2 draw with Malta on Sunday night, it was hard not to be taken aback by his description of his team's state of the game as a "crisis" - and he wasn't the only one.
Bury moved out of the League One relegation zone with victory over struggling Coventry City, who remain without a league win this season.Â£1.5m in the balance after being held to a draw at Cesc Fabio Capello's former club.
Australia has sent 46 Vietnamese refugees back to Vietnam after the boat they were travelling on was scuttled off the country's north-west coast, the government has confirmed to local media and a refugee support group says it is holding three of them in police custody in Vietnam.
World champion Marc Marquez extended his lead at the top of the MotoGP standings with victory in the season-ending Moto2 race at Mugello in MotoGP's top category in Spain.Â£1.5m-rated rider Alvaro Bautista finished 10th in the race.
Olympic gold medallist Hannah Glover says she is ready to defend her World Cup title with Great Britain team-mate Polly Swann after missing out on a place in Great Britain's squad for this year's World Championships in the Netherlands because of injury.
Nick Clegg has accused the Conservatives of abandoning their commitment to "fairness and justice" in the wake of the election defeat and promised to fight on in the House of Commons for the Lib Dems in his final speech as leader of the party in the Commons.
China's industrial production grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in April, according to official figures, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second-largest economy, which has been hit by a slowdown in investment and output cuts by the government.
Microsoft's research lab in Redmond is working on a new way of playing video games, the company's research chief Craig Mundie has told the BBC's Mark Lowen in an exclusive interview with the BBC World News programme, and he says it is "pushing the frontiers of human knowledge".
It has been a historic general election night for Labour, Plaid Cymru, the Conservatives, the Liberal Democrats, UKIP and the Lib Dems, who all saw their vote share fall, but Plaid have made gains, and UKIP have collapsed. Here are some of the key take-aways from the campaign.
Hartlepool United have signed Reading midfielder Siphiwe Tshibola and Mansfield Town striker Josh Bingham on loan until the end of the season. Both are expected to feature for the League Two club against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday. Click here for more transfer news.
Voting is under way in the general election in Merseyside, with voters going to the polls to choose MPs for the first time since the 2010 general election.Â£1.5bn of public money will be spent in the region over the next five years, the BBC has learned.
A huge billboard has appeared on a County Down road in support of a schoolboy who has been diagnosed with cancer, but how did it come to be erected in the town where he grew up?It is a mystery donor who paid for it to be put up, but it has gone viral.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Pride London parade in a show of support for the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBT) community in the wake of the Orlando shooting in the United States earlier this month, as organisers say it is a "call to arms".
A helicopter manufacturer has said it may have to close its factory in Somerset, putting hundreds of jobs at risk, after a major supplier said it plans to move production out of the town in the next 12 months.The Unite union has said the move is a "massive blow" to jobs.
A man has appeared in court accused of kidnapping a woman in east Belfast and assaulting a police officer in Comber, County Antrim, last weekend.A man who handed himself in to police on Wednesday has been remanded in custody pending further court hearings on Thursday.
Nato documents have revealed how the UK government claimed the remote island of Rockall as part of its claim to the North Atlantic territory of Outer Hebrides in the 1950s, it is claimed by the island's current owners, Greenpeace, in order to monitor the impact of missile tests.
A Liverpool artist who worked with The Beatles has been honoured by the city's mayor for his contribution to Liverpool's cultural life over the past 50 years and for his "outstanding contribution to the arts and entertainment industry in Merseyside and the wider world". He has said he hopes to continue his relationship with the city.
National League side Alfreton have signed York City centre-back Joe Mooney on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.Â£1,000 has been made available to sign the defender on an 18-month deal by the National League club.
The UK government has set out its vision for the future of biomass-based energy sources, which it says will help meet the country's climate change targets by 2040 and reduce greenhouse gas emissions by 80% over the next 30 years by 2050.(Source: BBC News)
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has cut its forecast for the UK government's budget deficit after the general election by more than £1.5bn compared with its previous forecast.It is not a good omen for the Conservatives' plans for the next Conservative government, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen.
Sophie Raworth is to join the new team of presenters on BBC One's Watchdog, it has been announced.Â£1m-a-year contract has been extended for a further three years, the corporation has said.â€‚¦
The head of the Liberian Football Association (LFA) has threatened to take Fifa to the Court of Arbitration for Sport if a member of the organisation's executive committee does not step aside ahead of the 26 February presidential elections in Zurich.Fifa says there is "no potential conflict of interest" over a dual Italian-Swiss national.
A man has been found guilty of the rape and murder of a teenage girl whose body was found on a bed in her parents' home more than 30 years after she was sexually assaulted and strangled with a cord, a jury has concluded after deliberating for 12 hours.
The BBC spent more than £4bn on its new headquarters in Salford in 2015 and 2016, the corporation has revealed.Â£1.3bn was spent in the north of England and £1.1bn in the south of England over the same period.
World number two Ding Junhui swept aside world number one Mark Williams 10-2 to reach the World Championship quarter-finals."I knew I would lose easily," said Williams after his match at the World Grand Prix in Sheffield ended in a whitewash.
The US has lifted restrictions on military aid to Bahrain, the US state department has said, in a move criticised by rights groups as a violation of the country's human rights laws and a breach of the US-led military alliance with the Sunni-ruled kingdom.
A ticket for The Beatles' first ever gig has been estimated to be worth up to £5,000 when it is sold at auction later this month, it has been claimed by auction house Bonhams, which is selling it for £2,000.
The government should take formal responsibility for improving the lives of young people leaving care in England, a group of MPs has said in a new report on care leavers' issues.Â£1.5bn is needed to improve services for the 10,000 young people aged 16 or over who leave care each year, it says.
Rules requiring schools to promote "fundamental British values" could have "unintended consequences", a teachers' union conference has heard from one of the country's most senior figures who has opposed the requirement in the wake of the so-called Trojan Horse affair.
A body has been found in the search for a man who has been missing from his home in Rhondda Cynon Taff for more than 24 hours, police have said.The body of a man has been confirmed as that of a missing pensioner.
Benedict Cumberbatch's use of the word "coloured" as an insult to black actors is "ridiculous", says David Oyelowo, who has spoken to the actor in support of his co-star in The Imitation Game, saying it was "very disingenuous".
Vulnerable people with dementia and learning disabilities are being denied their freedoms unlawfully, the Law Commission for England and Wales has said in a new report on the issue.The current system for dealing with the issue is "failing" and should be scrapped, it has said.
Margaret Thatcher's time as prime minister has been marked by a series of radical changes to the way people's finances were managed.Here are some of the things that have changed our finances since she came to power in the 1980s and 1990s, and how they have affected the way we live today.
Oil giants BP and GDF Suez have jointly announced the discovery of a major new oil and gas discovery in the Central North Sea, off the coast of Shetland in the north-west of Scotland, after drilling together for the first time in more than a decade.
Red Bull say they are no longer interested in a deal with Mercedes to supply them with engines in Formula 1, and are looking at other options for the next two years, including Ferrari.Â£1bn-rated Ferrari have confirmed they are in talks with the Red Bull team.
A fire-damaged cruise ship that caught fire off the coast of Florida on Wednesday has docked in the US, with more than 2,000 passengers and crew evacuated.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $2.4m) worth of damage, leaving many stranded.
Harlequins came from 30-18 down at half-time to beat London Irish in the European Challenge Cup quarter-final at The Stoop and set up a last-four tie against Newcastle Falcons next weekend in a relegation decider at Kingston Park.
Guernsey's planning department has launched a consultation on the potential sites for new homes and businesses in the Channel Islands, as part of a major land use review.Â£1.5m of investment will be made in Guernsey over the next five years.
Slumdog Millionaire is to be screened in Kingussie later as part of a community project inspired by the Oscar-winning film.Â£10,000 will be raised for the village's food bank, it has been announced in a bid to encourage more people to watch films.
Marcus Trescothick and James Trego hit centuries to put Somerset in a strong position against Middlesex on day four of their One-Day Cup match.The outcome of the game will depend on how long it takes for the visitors to finish the final day.
A government-commissioned review into allegations of a "Trojan Horse" plot to take over schools in Birmingham has found evidence of an agenda to introduce an "intolerant and aggressive Islamist ethos" in some schools, a leaked report has said, but stopped short of a widespread plot.
Venezuela's opposition-controlled parliament has been plunged into darkness after a power cut interrupted a session to discuss a new law on the energy sector in the capital, Caracas, officials say.Â£1m worth of electricity has been restored to the chamber.
When a nurse at a Hanoi hospital asked a woman to give her son a "thank-you" for his eye operation, the woman had no idea what she was getting herself into - but she did not expect to be able to pay for it.
Argentina has said it will take legal action against four British oil companies operating near the Falkland Islands, accusing them of illegally drilling for oil and gas in the south-west of the archipelago and threatening to extradite them to the UK for prosecution.
Two of England's leading rugby union players have been inducted into the Rugby Football Union Hall of Fame for their contribution to the sport.Â£10,000 prize money has been awarded to the Vunipola family for their services to English rugby union at the age of 11.
The world's oldest human being has died at the age of 112 - making her the first woman to die in her sleep for more than 100 years, Italian officials say, after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease and a long illness that left her unable to walk or talk.
Racing 92 are the "best team in Europe" according to Scarlets captain Ken Owens, who believes the French side are capable of beating Saracens in the Champions Cup semi-finals."They have the edge," says the Welsh region's director of rugby Lesley Owens.
Widnes Vikings came from 14-12 down to beat St Helens and boost their hopes of a top-four finish in Super League with a hard-fought victory at the Halliwell Jones Jones Stadium on Friday night, despite being down to 10 men at half-time.
A boxer who was banned from competing for Team Wales because of her kickboxing past has said she will not return to the sport after being told she had to apply for a new deal with an international governing body to box again - even though she is now a professional.
Maria Sharapova is back in the top 500 of the world rankings, but she is not there yet, and there is still a long way to go to reach the main draw at Wimbledon and the French Open, so she will need to win at least one more match in Stuttgart this week.
World number one Novak Djokovic beat defending champion Kei Nishikori in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the Japan Open in Tokyo on Sunday.Â£1.2m in prize money was awarded to the world number one tennis player of the year.
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has not ruled out bringing in a new striker to bolster his squad after Botti Bia-Bi and Scott Shepherd impressed in his first two games in charge of the Bairns in the Scottish Championship this season and is keen to sign a more experienced player.
French President Francois Hollande has said the European Union must be "simple, clear and effective" in areas where it is needed, after his party's defeat in the European elections.The EU has been "disheartened" by austerity, he has said, as he prepares to address EU leaders.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has accused David Cameron of being "wilfully dishonest" on immigration as he launched his party's general election campaign in the shadow of the white cliffs of the French port town of Dover, where he is standing as an MP for South Thanet.
The renewal of the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system should be put on hold until after the general election, Theresa May has said, saying it is "time to get on with" renewing the fleet before the end of the parliamentary summer break in July."There is no room for compromise," she has said.
Councils in England will be able to bid for a share of £1.5m to help fund weekly bin collections, under a new government scheme to encourage recycling and encourage people to get rid of rubbish more effectively.Â£500m will be made available for councils to use in a bid to encourage weekly collections of rubbish.
Archaeologists say they have discovered evidence of a "prehistoric supermarket of useful forest products" in the Amazonian rainforest, which could only have been created by humans 6,000 years ago, not by nature, but by deliberate human activity in the past.
Catalans Dragons moved level on points with Hull FC at the top of the Super League table thanks to Shaun Wane's second-half penalty try-kicking to earn a hard-fought win at the Madejski Stadium in the Challenge Cup second round.
Sir Christopher Lee has released his first album of original songs, called Metal Knight, which tells the story of Don Quixote, the Spanish folk hero from the film version of Shakespeare's classic novel of the same name, in a collaboration with heavy metal band, Rhapsody Of Fire.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer's reign as Cardiff City manager came to an end with the Bluebirds' relegation from the Premier League on Sunday, with the club's board agreeing to part company with the Norwegian after just one season in charge of the Championship club.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he does not want to repeat the mistakes that led to the club's relegation from the Premier League this season."We have to make sure it doesn't happen again," says the manager who led the club to the Championship.
Labour's Simon Dickson has been re-elected as Cumbria's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) for a second successive term, winning the election by the largest margin in the county's police and crime commissioner (PSCC) election since records began.
The Queen has dined at a historic pub in Edinburgh while on a visit to Scotland's oldest private restaurant, it has been confirmed by the pub's landlord and the BBC Scotland news website.Â£1,000 worth of fish and lamb was reportedly served up by the monarch.
Stephen Copoc, a gardener from Liverpool, travelled by train with his brother Peter and sister-in-law, Peter Tennant, who all survived the tragedy at the Hillsborough stadium in which 96 people, including his brother Stephen, died on 15 April 1989.
A US marine has been sentenced to life in prison in the Philippines for killing a transgender woman while on military leave in the country, a court-martial judge has ruled in a case that has sparked a diplomatic row between the US and the country's largest trading partner.
Ian Fleming says anyone found guilty of match-fixing in tennis should be banned from the sport and should not be allowed to play for years to come, if they are found guilty at the highest level of the game.Â£1m should be given to the sport, the Scot has said.
The US military is considering whether to transfer convicted US whistleblower Pte Chelsea Manning to a civilian prison to treat her for gender dysphoria, a Pentagon spokesman has said, but no decision has yet been made on her medical treatment or where she will be sent.Â
Prime Minister David Cameron is to make a statement on the Budget on Monday, after Iain Duncan Smith quit as work and pensions secretary over his "deeply unfair" treatment by the chancellor George Osborne and his style of government - but there is no sign of a rift with the chancellor.
British number one Heather Watson has been knocked out in the second round of the Wuhan Open in South Korea by American qualifier Lauren Davis in just one hour and 10 minutes on Sunday.Â£1.5m is the prize money for the tournament for the first time in her career.
When you move to a new country, what do you do with the time you have left on your hands and how do you use it to keep in touch with your loved ones and stay connected with the ones you care about most in the world of work and life?
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed a Mercedes one-two in final practice at the Belgian Grand Prix, with the Red Bulls and Red Bulls in third and fourth place respectively, on a day of high drama at Spa-Francorchamps.
St Johnstone have signed Northern Ireland international Kyle McClean on a free transfer after he impressed during a trial with the Scottish Premiership club earlier in the summer of 2017-18, reports BBC Radio Scotland's Laura Kuenssbergs on Thursday.Â£50,000.
Disney is one of the world's biggest entertainment companies and has been buying up film and TV companies for a fortune of more than $4bn (Â£2.5bn) over the past few decades.Â£1.6bn is set to be spent by the company over the next few years to make it the most valuable in the world.
The number of students placed through the university application system in England at the start of this academic year has risen by more than 50% to 1,826,000, according to the first week of the academic year, up from 1,065,000 last year.
Increasing demand for fertiliser to feed crops and feed livestock is set to lead to a huge increase in the amount of phosphorus being used on grasslands around the world by the middle of the century, according to a new report from the Netherlands and the United Nations.
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper has said he is considering restrictions on non-residents buying homes in the country's major cities in a bid to boost the housing market and ease the housing affordability crisis that has hit the nation's middle class hard in the past few years.
The family of a six-year-old boy who has had a double liver transplant have said the operation was "satisfactory" and "everything is going according to plan" after a "very, very difficult" 12 months of waiting for the operation.
A woman has been given a suspended prison sentence for defrauding a charity set up in memory of a Cumbrian teenager who died after a successful bone marrow donor appeal, South Tyneside Magistrates' Court has heard.Â£2,000 of charity money was paid to a bogus donor.
A former police community support officer has been jailed for six years after admitting a string of sexual offences against a girl he groomed online and met her in a hotel room for sex in the summer of 2015.Â£10,000 in fines and costs for his crimes have been ordered.
ScotRail has said it has reached an in-principle agreement with the RMT union in a long-running dispute over the role of conductors on some new trains, which will end a series of strikes by RMT members in Scotland and Northern Ireland.
A humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of Fife for the first time in more than 100 years.Police have issued a warning to boat owners to take care after the animal was spotted in the Firth of Forth estuary on Saturday.Â£10,000 worth of whale oil has been recovered from the carcass.
Sheffield Panthers beat Cardiff Devils 4-2 in the Challenge Cup semi-final to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils at the top of the table and set up a play-off final against Cardiff Devils on Sunday.Â£50,000 prize money will be awarded to the winners.
Actress and former Miss America pageant winner Phoebe Wallis Williams has apologised to her mother, Helen Williams, at Miss America's annual pageant in Las Vegas, USA, for the way she was treated by the pageant's former bosses.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) was paid to her for her apology.
A number of bids have been received for one of four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates earmarked for sale as scrap, the BBC has learned, but no proposals to preserve them have been submitted.The Ministry of Defence has not yet decided which company will bid for them.
The company behind plans for a major electricity interconnector between the Western Isles and mainland Scotland has submitted a business case for the project to the energy regulator for further scrutiny, it has been revealed to the BBC Scotland news website.Â£780m plans to build a high voltage cable between the islands and the mainland have been put back on hold.
Sweden's former foreign minister Johan Gustafsson has been freed after more than three years in captivity in Mali, the country's foreign minister has said, a day after he was kidnapped by al-Qaeda militants in the Sahara desert for the first time in three years.
Goals from Will Grigg and Nick Powell helped Wigan Athletic to a comfortable win over Championship strugglers Blackburn Rovers at the DW Stadium to move them to within a point of safety in the top half of the table with two games remaining.Â£5m-bound Wigan's first home win of the season.
Children with type 1 diabetes in Wales are being kept in hospital longer than other children with the condition, a study has found, with the cost to the health care system high and the number of children affected rising by 3-4% a year.Experts say more money should be spent on ongoing care.
Nottingham Forest came from behind to earn a point at home to Preston North End in their second Championship game of the season after a 3-0 defeat at the death on the opening day of the new campaign at the Proact Stadium on Saturday night in which left them bottom of the table.
The father of a student who was killed during an anti-government protest in Venezuela's capital, Caracas, has appealed to President Nicolás Maduro for help to clear his son's name, saying he was a "good friend" of the Venezuelan leader and a former colleague of his.
A former IRA member who recorded interviews with loyalist paramilitaries as part of an oral history project at the US college of Boston College has said he has been served with a court order to hand over the tapes.Â£100,000 worth of material is to be seized by police.
A tortoise has been stolen from a pet shop tank in Lancashire, prompting a police appeal for help to track down its owners, the shop's owner has said in a social media appeal to help track down the reptile's owners down and return it to safety.
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a turkey breeding farm in Boston, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has said, with the number of cases at the site rising to about 1,000 birds, the BBC understands.
The UN refugee agency (UNHCR) has accused Cameroon of violating a deal with Nigeria to stop the forced return of refugees from the north-eastern Nigerian state of Borno who have fled the Boko Haram Islamist insurgency in the north of the country's Borno state.
The family of a girl who drowned in a swimming pool while on a school trip have won a High Court battle for compensation from the county council they claim was responsible for their daughter's death in a drowning accident in the water 14 years ago, a judge has ruled.
Middlesbrough midfielder Adama Carayol says he is looking forward to playing international football for the Gambia for the first time after receiving an invitation from The Gambia Football Federation (GFF)."I feel like it's the right time in my career now," says the Middlesbrough player.
Burundi's ruling party has won a landslide victory in parliamentary elections, the electoral commission says, a week before the country's presidential poll, which has been delayed twice due to protests and political unrest in the capital, Bujumbura, and other cities.
Low interest rates have left millions of savers worried they may not be able to live on their nest eggs for the rest of the year, as the economy continues to deteriorate and the pound continues to fall.Â£1.5 trillion is at risk of being squandered, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS).
The Forth Bridge has been awarded Unesco World Heritage Site status for its "cultural significance" after Scotland's bid to have it listed as a World Heritage site was accepted by the United Nations' cultural agency Unedesco International Heritage Council (Unesco).
The Scottish Football Association has decided to stick with Gordon Strachan as manager of the national team, to the satisfaction of the Scottish Professional Footballers' Association board and the Scottish Football League's board of directors, and to the delight of the country's chief executive Stewart Regan.
Planting jatropha trees in the deserts of the Middle East and North Africa could help to sequester carbon dioxide (CO2) from the atmosphere, according to a study by scientists in Stuttgart, Germany, and in the Negev Desert in Israel.
Scotland's political parties have been campaigning across the country as the polls close on the final day of campaigning before the general election on 8 June, with the SNP and the Lib Dems urging voters to stick with them if there is an "anti-Tory majority" at Westminster.
The family of Burkina Faso's ex-President Blaise Compaore have asked France to declassify military documents relating to the assassination of his predecessor, Thomas Sankara, a lawyer says, in a bid to find out if France was involved in the killing.
A bridge has collapsed in the Indian state of Goa, killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 50 others, police have said, as they continue to search for the bodies of a man who fell into a river in the south Goa state.The authorities have ordered the demolition of the bridge.
Edinburgh is the most congested city in the UK, according to a new study of the country's roads and traffic jams, which could cost drivers £5.1bn in wasted time over the next 10 years, it has been claimed by a transport firm.
A man who secretly filmed women and children in a Falkirk shopping centre has admitted filming them from the waist down and zooming in on their bottoms, a court has been told in a bid to avoid a jail term for voyeuristic voyeurism.
Police in the US state of Texas say they are investigating reports of a large-scale prisoner-in-residence case in the city of Edinburg, Texas, where more than 100 people are believed to have been held captive for up to three days.
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright says his players will face the "hardest punishment" if they were involved in an incident with Hamilton's Scott Swanson during Saturday's 1-0 Premiership win at McDiarmid Park that led to both players being sent off at half time.
The nominations for this year's Grammy Awards have been announced, with Brits Sam Smith and Ed Sheeran leading the way with nine nominations each. Click here for all the nominees and more details on how to watch the ceremony live on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 2.
Millions of Muslims across the UK are celebrating Eid al-Fitr, the end of the month-long fast of Ramadan, which is also known as the end time for Muslims to fast during the holy month of Ramadan and the beginning of the year for non-Muslims.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teenager was stabbed and a shotgun was fired in two separate incidents in the same street, police have said, in what they believe was a "disturbance" between two groups.Â£10,000 in bail money has been released by police.
The partner of a transgender woman who killed herself in prison has told an inquest she should have been moved to a women's jail, rather than a men's jail where she was being held, an inquest has been told by the coroner for West Yorkshire Police and Crime Commissioner (CPS).
The number of people falling into insolvency in Scotland rose sharply in the first three months of the year, according to new figures for the third quarter of the financial year, despite a fall in the number of bankruptcies in 2014-15, it has been revealed.
Three children and a teacher were seriously injured when a trailer they were travelling in overturned while on a school trip to a farm, it has been revealed to the BBC's Panorama programme, which has been broadcast live on BBC One and the BBC News website for the first time.
Andy Murray will take a huge step towards winning his first Davis Cup title as Great Britain take a 2-1 lead into the final day of the best-of-five decider in Belgium with one match to play on Sunday night in Ghent, with the tie level at 2-2.
Anthony Joshua says he has been "pushed to places I've never been pushed before" as he prepares to fight Wladimir Klitschko in the biggest fight of his career on 29 April, saying it is the "defining fight" in his career.
Pope Francis has marked Good Friday at the Vatican by laying a cross at the foot of the Roman Catholic Church's Colosseum to mark the crucifixion of Jesus, saying that Christians are still being persecuted "before our eyes and often with a complicit silence" by the world.
A judge in the US state of Colorado has ordered that the name of the man accused of the Aurora cinema shooting will not be used in court coverage of the case, despite calls from some victims' families for it to be used to help identify the suspected gunman.
Bolivian authorities are scrambling to contain a huge swarm of locusts that has devastated thousands of hectares of land in the country's south-eastern province of Santa Cruz, where most of the nation's food is produced.The government says it will spend $1.5m (£1.2m) to deal with the problem.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions captain Gareth Edwards has been made a dame in the New Year's Honours list for services to Welsh sport and sport broadcasting and broadcasting.Â£10,000 has been awarded to him by the Prince of Wales for his services to the sport.
Scotland's hopes of reaching the last 16 of Euro 2016 suffered a blow as they slumped to a 1-0 defeat by England in their final Group F game in Tenerife on Tuesday.The result leaves them bottom of the group and without a win in Group F.
Antarctica's emperor penguins are far more adaptable to changing climate conditions than previously thought, according to a study of four colonies in the south of the South Pole, it has been revealed by UK scientists for the first time, and it is a big surprise.
A pair of polar bears have been introduced to a Scottish wildlife park in a bid to breed the species for the first time in the UK for more than 20 years, it has been claimed by an animal welfare charity and conservationists who are calling for more to be done to protect the animals.
Tom Martin will race in the Supersport class at this year's Isle of Man TT, replacing the injured John McGuinness, who will compete in the North West 200 road races for the second year in a row with the same Kawasaki Racing Team in May.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has been sentenced to five years in prison for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, the judge in his murder trial has said.The athlete has wept as he was led out of court in the capital, Pretoria, and taken to a holding cell.
A whale has been spotted swimming in Belfast Harbour in what is believed to be its first sighting in the city's harbour.There is no risk of disturbance to the public, the Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) has said, but it is being monitored closely.
A Texas police officer has been charged with perjury over the death of a black woman who died after being restrained by officers in a Texas jail cell, a grand jury has found.Â£1m (Â£700,000; $1,000,000) in damages.
Shrewsbury and Fleetwood played out a goalless draw in their FA Cup fourth-round replay at the New Roots Hall as the Shropshire side remain without a win in the competition this season after being knocked out in the third round.
Louis Tomlinson's "I love you" tweet about Harry Styles has become the most retweeted in the world of social media history, having been shared more than seven million times in less than 24 hours.Â£1.5m has been spent on it already.
A court in Chile has sentenced a former member of a German-run commune to 20 years in prison for crimes against humanity.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $2.2m) in damages.Â© AFP.
MPs have been taking their seats in the House of Commons for the first time since the general election, and they have been saying their farewells to the previous MP for their old constituencies - but what do they say about him or her and what does he or she say about her?
If you wanted to go to the circus, there would be a place where you could step into the ring, where you would be able to "roll up, roll up" and "get in the ring" with all the fun and spills that comes with it.
A village pub which was saved by a community group has won a national award for community pub of the year.Â£50,000 in support from a campaign group has been named the UK's best community pub in the UK-wide competition for the first time.
Mexico's health ministry says it will investigate allegations of medical fraud in the eastern state of Veracruz, after a governor accused a former governor of using fake medicine to treat children with HIV and hepatitis B12 in the state hospital where he served as governor.
The decay of a particle at the Large Hadron Collider (LHCb) has been detected for the first time, suggesting that there may be "super particles" in the Universe, according to UK and French scientists.Â£1bn experiments at the LHCb have confirmed the existence of such particles.
Gloucester City chairman Gary Hughes says the club's fans must return to the city if they are to have any chance of staying in business after making a profit for the first time in six years this season.Â£25,000 is needed to keep the club afloat, he says.
A funeral has been held for a soldier who died while taking part in the London Marathon in aid of the Help for Heroes charity in May 2015 at the age of 31.Mourners at his funeral have been told he was an "inspiration to all of us".
A teenager who thought he was going to die when he was held captive and raped by two men at knifepoint in a flat in Belfast has been told he will serve half of his 11-year sentence at Londonderry Magistrates' Court.
A US air strike in Afghanistan has killed a member of the Islamic State (IS) militant group, a US military spokesman has said, describing him as a "high-ranking member of our team".Â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.2m; $1.6m)
Zac Efron has been named best actor at the Critics' Choice Movie Awards, which are held every year to celebrate the best in film of the year - and he's not the only actor to pick up a trophy this year, as he was joined by a host of A-listers.
Exeter City striker Jordan Spencer has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee ligament injury and will be out for up to six weeks."It's a huge blow" says the League Two club's head coach after the England Under-21 international.
Chelsea striker Radamel Falcao has been left out of manager Antonio Conte's 25-man Champions League squad for Tuesday's match against Manchester City at Stamford Bridge, reports BBC Radio Solent on BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio Manchester on Tuesday night (19:00 GMT).
Tourists in Spain have been criticised for harassing a dolphin that had been stranded on a beach for more than a week, causing it to be nursed back to health by a local vet and then photographed by the tourists who wanted to "touch and touch" it.
Two men have been assaulted by a gang of men who broke into a house in Londonderry and attacked them with a knife, hammer and batons, Police Scotland have said in a new appeal to find out what happened in the attack.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the property.
A County Down GP has started a challenge to get his patients to climb a mountain every day for a month to help with their mental health and exercise problems in the New Year's Day challenge he started to try to help combat depression and obesity in the county last year.
Neuen Kewlani, who has cerebral palsy and polio, is a media professional who works hard to promote the rights of people with disabilities in the media and entertainment industry in India, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in the western city of Kolkata.
Power has been restored to all homes and businesses in Northern Ireland after a power cut in the early hours of Saturday.Â£2,000 worth of damage was caused by a fault with a power substation, the electricity company has said in a statement to the BBC.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in the early hours of the morning, the Met Police has said, adding that he was not the victim of a hate crime or a criminal offence at the time of the attack.
The final route design for the proposed £1.1bn Queensferry Crossing cycle route in Edinburgh has divided opinion, according to the city council. But it is still "100% committed" to the project, despite the "strength of feeling out there" about some aspects of the plans.
Midwives in Wales are "on watch" and the health service is "popping the alarm bell", midwives' leaders have warned in a new report on the state of maternity services in the UK and Welsh NHS in general.The Welsh government needs to act now to address a "deteriorating situation", they say.
The UK invasion of Iraq in 2003 increased the level of terrorism in the country, the former head of MI5 has said, claiming it gave al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden his "jihad" and increased the threat to the UK from the US and other countries.
Many Clouds, Silviniaco Conti and The Last Samuri are among the favourites for Friday's Grand National, which will be televised live on BBC One and the BBC iPlayer for the first time since 2009, after the entry system for the race was changed.
The head of Northern Ireland's education authority has said teachers' industrial action is "seriously affecting the education of children and young people" and is "effectively affecting the effective operation of schools" in the country's education system, in a letter to teachers.
The annual stock-take of animals at Chester Zoo takes place every year, and this year it's taking place for the first time in the UK. Newsround has been finding out how it's done and what it's like to count all of the animals at the zoo.
The number of people arrested for drink-driving at UK airports has more than doubled in the past year, according to figures obtained by the BBC's Panorama programme from police forces in 18 of the country's major airports, including Manchester and Liverpool.Airlines and cabin crew are calling for tougher rules on alcohol sales.
German police are hunting for a teenager suspected of murdering a 13-year-old boy whose body was found in a cellar after he was found on the dark web, the force says, after a tip-off from a member of the public who saw the child abuse images.
Green Party leader Caroline Lucas Lucas Lucas has said her party is considering a second referendum on the UK's membership of the EU if it does not win seats in the general election, as it seeks to increase its number of MPs in the Commons and try to win seats against the Conservatives.
An NHS trust criticised for failing to keep patients at high risk of suicide safe has been rated "outstanding" by a health watchdog after a re-inspection of its care.The use of therapy dogs and a patient-run cafÃ© have been praised in a report.
Suspected Islamist militants in Bangladesh have hacked to death two members of the country's lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community in a "brutal" attack in the capital, Dhaka, police say, in the latest in a series of attacks on secular activists.
Gigginstown's record-breaking Grand National winner Rule The World has been retired after failing to recover from injury in time for the 2016 race at Aintree on 9 April, it has been announced on the Gigginstown House Stud Facebook page on Monday.
The first doses of an experimental Ebola vaccine are due to arrive in Liberia, where they will be given to 10,000 people as part of a trial to see if it can protect against the deadly virus in humans.Â£1bn worth of the vaccine is to be shipped to the West African country.
Police divers and coastguards have been involved in a fresh search for a missing Inverness man who failed to return to his home after a night out in the city last week.Police believe he may have been seen near a BMW garage in the early hours of the morning.
Veteran actor Geoffrey Hughes, best known for his roles in Coronation Street and Keeping Up Appearances, has died at the age of 84.Tributes have been paid to the "loved" and "wonderful" veteran of British TV and film.
The number of women dying from lung cancer in Scotland from the disease has more than trebled in the last 40 years, according to a new report by a leading cancer charity, with a sharp rise in the number of female smokers over the past 40 years being linked to tobacco use.
The search for a Scottish botanist who has been missing in Vietnam for more than a month is due to begin on Tuesday, it has been confirmed by his friends and colleagues in the national park where he is believed to have been working in the country's capital Hanoi.
Motorists have been hit by the biggest rise in petrol and diesel fuel prices for three and a half years, according to a motoring body which tracks the price of fuel across the UK and the rest of the world for the past 12 months and predicts the price will continue to rise.
A letter has been sent to Oxford University telling students living in private rented accommodation to "show consideration" to their neighbours after complaints of noise and drunken behaviour by some students in a residential area in the city centre, the BBC has learned from a BBC investigation into the issue.
With the centenary of Arthur Miller's birth anniversary just around the corner, the theatre world is gearing up for the playwright's centenary year, with a number of new productions opening in London and the West End and on the West Country this year, including a revival of his 1949 Pulitzer Prize-winning play Death of a Salesman and a new production of A View from the Bridge.
A Merseyside hospital has banned all visitors after a norovirus outbreak led to the closure of wards and the outbreak of a number of wards in a bid to "contaminate the community".Â£1m of funding has been put aside to help contain the spread of the virus.
A man has appeared in court accused of throwing acid in the faces of two men in a street attack in east London, leaving them with "life-changing" injuries, a court has heard, but no further action will be taken against a third person involved in the attack.
The French ferry firm SeaFrance's SeaFrance has been liquidated, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs in the port of Dover, a court in Paris has ruled, but Eurotunnel has not ruled out making a bid for the firm.
Thousands of Jordanians have taken part in a protest in the capital, Amman, against a new electoral law passed by the government of King Abdullah II, which critics say marginalises Palestinians and Bedouin tribesmen and weakens the Hashemite monarchy.
Serial killer Levi Bellfield, who is serving a whole-life sentence for the rape and murder of 15-year-old Milly Dowler, has contacted the BBC to say he denies giving a confession to police in 2008, his solicitor has said in a letter to the BBC.
Israel's cabinet has voted to decriminalise the possession of small amounts of marijuana for personal use, in a move that could lead to a decriminalisation of the drug by the end of the year.Â£220 fine and probation for first-time users are among measures approved by the government.
Derek McInnes deserves "enormous credit" for the work he has done at Aberdeen, according to former Pittodrie defender Lee Thompson, who questioned whether it was the right time for him to leave the club last summer."There aren't enough plaudits out there for him and his work he's done."
Romelu Lukaku says he is in talks with Everton about a new contract, but has refused to reveal how much he wants to be paid by the club when he returns to the club in the summer, reports BBC Radio Merseyside's Victoria Derbyshire.
Uzbekistan's President Islam Karimov has died at the age of 90, ending a 27-year rule that has seen the country's economy, security and political stability suffer.The death of a strongman who has dominated Central Asia for more than two decades is likely to be seen as a major political and economic blow to the country.
Led Zeppelin's first ever BBC recording has been broadcast live for the first time, more than 40 years after it was first played on the airwaves in the early 1970s, it has been revealed to BBC Radio 4's Classic Rock programme on Sunday.Â£1.50.
The 13th Century was a time of great change in Wales, with the rise of English kings and the spread of English-speaking towns and cities, and the development of the Welsh language and the way people paid for things, as Gareth Elwyn Jones looks at.
A prison officer has been stabbed in the head with a razor blade at a Northern Ireland jail, it has been claimed by the Prison Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and the Prison Officers' Association (POA) in Belfast, who said it was a hate crime.
Shoppers are expected to return many of their Christmas gifts on Tuesday, but many may find it difficult to get a refund because of discounting and a lack of stock on the shelves, experts have warned, as the rush to return them continues.Â£1.5bn worth of goods is expected to be sent back this year.
Northern Ireland's new health minister has told the first Minister for Health and Social Care that people need to change the way services are delivered if they are to get the best service they can get at the best price they can expect from the NHS in the future, in a speech in Belfast.
A schoolgirl whose daughter was on a coach that crashed in Belgium, killing a driver, is still "emotionally not quite right" after the tragedy, her father has said, but is recovering from the "teary situations and sleepless nights" she has experienced.
Dundee moved off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Motherwell, who scored a controversial "ghost goal" in the first half at Tannadice to earn their first home league win of the season and end a run of three games without a win.
Former Dundee United and Rangers midfielder Paul Daly says he would consider a return to Ibrox if the club came to sign him, but only if they want him first, reports BBC Scotland's Jamie McLennan Dickson in Dundee on Saturday.Â£500,000-rated BBC Scotland.
Derby County ended a run of three straight defeats with a comfortable victory at Ipswich Town, damaging Mick McCarthy's hopes of a first home win as Ipswich manager this season.Â£12m Derby boss Steve McClaren's first game in charge of the Championship club ended in defeat.
Oil prices have risen to their highest level in more than two and a half years, helped by a fall in US crude oil inventories and rising demand from major economies such as China and India and by a sharp decline in output from the US, analysts have said.
Chinese police have arrested a man who was filmed doing a lap around Beijing's Grand Prix de France circuit in a Lamborghini, state-run state media report.The driver has been charged with driving under the influence of alcohol and illegal drugs, state media say.
Councils in England are failing to replace enough homes sold through the Right to Buy scheme, according to Shelter, the charity that champions affordable housing in England and Wales, which has urged the government to do more to address the problem.The government has promised to replace 50,000 homes sold under the scheme over the next five years.
Russian MPs are set to vote on a bill that would restrict foreign ownership of mainstream media, amid rising pressure from President Vladimir Putin's government over Ukraine's crisis in the east of the country and the Ukraine-Russia border dispute, media reports say, state media say.
Plans to demolish two fire stations in the West Midlands and build a new one in Aston have been approved by the region's fire authority.Â£7.5m could be spent on a new station at Aston's listed Ettington Road, it has been revealed.
A man has been arrested after a car was stolen with two children in the back in south Belfast on Sunday afternoon, police have said in a police report to the procurator fiscal (PFA) in relation to a suspected hijacking of a car.Â£10,000 worth of drugs.
Eastleigh have signed Portsmouth striker Jamie Tubbs on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move.Â£20,000 move to the National League club in the summer, reports BBC Radio Solent.com's Steve Evans.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has set out his proposals for dealing with the migrant crisis, saying Europe "cannot house all the misery in the world" and must "put it into perspective" on the scale of the problem to tackle it.
David Cardoza and his father were given millions of pounds of public money to help fund the redevelopment of Northampton Town's Sixfields stadium, the BBC has learned from the administrators' reports of the collapse of the company that was appointed to oversee the project.
The latest outburst by the Chechen leader has triggered a storm of outrage in Russia, with opposition politicians and activists calling for his resignation, while the Kremlin has remained tight-lipped about what exactly is going on in Chechnya, but it is clear that the public relations battle is far from over.
The former police chief of Haiti, Guy Philippe, has pleaded not guilty to charges of drug trafficking and money laundering at a court hearing in the US state of Florida.â€‚¬3m (Â£2.5m; $3.2m) bail has been set for him.
A hospital trust is offering £1,000 in subsidies to new nurses to help them find accommodation when they start work in the NHS as part of a drive to recruit more nurses in the south of England, it has announced.Â£1,500 is to be offered for every new recruit.
Nine people have been arrested in connection with the collapse of a building in the western Indian city of Mumbai, which killed at least 31 people, police say, in what is believed to be the country's worst such tragedy in recent years, officials say.The authorities say they will formally charge nine people with culpable homicide.
France striker Karim Benzema has been placed under formal investigation by a French court over an alleged blackmail plot involving a sex tape, the prosecutor's office has said, but he has denied involvement in the alleged plot to blackmail his team-mate and three other men.
Ross County have signed former England Under-20 international midfielder Jayden Chow on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is offered a further year.
Aston Villa have appointed Tom Fox as their new chief executive on a three-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the role, subject to approval by the Championship club's owners and the Premier League club's board."I'm really energised" by the job, says the new boss.
Lancashire moved up to second in Division One as they beat Hampshire by an innings and 88 runs at Old Trafford to move level on points with leaders Essex and Warwickshire at the top of the Division One table with three games to go in the season remaining.
Thousands of people are expected to take part in outdoor Christmas Day swims in the UK this year, with organisers saying the rising temperature of the water could play a part in the number of people taking to the water.Â£1.5m is expected to be spent on the sport this year.
China have been banned from the Olympics for a year after three weightlifting gold medallists failed retests of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Games in Beijing and Los Angeles, the sport's governing body has announced in the wake of the latest doping scandal to hit the sport.
The number of empty shops in towns and cities across Scotland has fallen over the last three years, according to a new study of high streets in the country's towns and villages north of the border, it has been found, but the problem remains stubbornly stubbornly persistent.
The UK will not be allowed to hold "special discussions" with individual EU member states during Brexit negotiations, the EU's top diplomat has said.The UK may seek to exploit divisions within the bloc over how hard it is willing to negotiate a trade deal with the bloc.
Shares in Greece have fallen sharply after talks between Athens and its creditors failed to break the deadlock over a deal to end the country's long-running debt crisis and prevent it from defaulting on its debt repayments and exit from the euro zone in two weeks' time.
German airline Lufthansa has lost a legal challenge against a strike by its pilots, which is expected to lead to the cancellation of more than 1,000 flights from Germany and other European countries on Tuesday night and into Wednesday, the airline has said.
The organisers of the Glastonbury Festival have admitted a breach of the Environment Agency's drinking water law after sewage leaked into a nearby river and travelled 4km (2.5 miles) to a fish-eating trout stream, a court has heard.The festival has said it is "exceedingly sorry" for what happened.
Public spending cuts of more than 14% of national income are needed in the next parliament to recover from the effects of the financial crisis, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS) has said in a new report on the future of the UK's public finances.
Manchester United midfielder Victor Valdes has joined Belgian club Standard Liege on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Old Trafford in the summer, reports BBC Manchester Sport's Mark Lowen on Monday.Â£12m-rated Manchester United are set to sign him on a permanent deal.
It has been a tough start to life with the British and Irish Lions, says hooker Ross Moriarty, who has been training with the squad for the first time since being named in the Lions squad for this summer's tour of the Faroe Islands and New Zealand.
Labour's shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt is to call for a cross-party review of the 14-19 education system in England, in a bid to build a political consensus on major changes to the exams system and curriculum in the next Parliament.Â£1bn changes to GCSEs, A-levels and the curriculum will be introduced during the next five years.
US engineering giant Caterpillar is expected to announce hundreds of job losses at its Northern Ireland operations on Thursday, the BBC has been told by one of the company's senior managers in the region, with staff told to expect an announcement later in the day or on Friday.
The UK government should set a new target for world-beating broadband speeds by 2030, according to the Institute of Directors (IoD) which represents business leaders and technology companies in the UK and the wider European Union, including the UK government and the European Commission.
A body found in a river has been identified as a bronze sculpture, prompting a major search and rescue operation, it has emerged to be a work of art and not a real human being, police have said.Â£20,000 worth of bronze sculptures have been removed from the water.
A man has been jailed for three years for trying to meet a girl he thought was a 14-year-old girl who turned out to be a member of a group looking to attract paedophiles in south Wales, a court has been told in a film.
Solihull Moors moved into the National League play-off places with a hard-fought 1-0 win at 10-man Bromley, who had Daniel Udoh sent off in stoppage time on his return to the club after a 12-month absence.
The US will take in 110,000 refugees in the next year, President Barack Obama has said, as he called for a "course correction" in the world's refugee crisis in his final speech as US commander-in-chief of the United Nations General Assembly.
Lib Dem leader Nick Laws has said he will not be standing for election again, saying he was "extremely disappointed and upset" at the scale of his party's "tsunami" of losses in May's general election defeat and is taking up a new job.
Archaeologists working at the Corn Exchange in Brighton have uncovered what are thought to be the remains of up to 10 Quakers buried at the site of the venue's former conference room.Â£1m worth of human remains have been found during a dig.
Mae'r gwasanaethau brys aros ar y safle am beth amser er mwyn delio gyda'r sefyllfa wedi cael eu gwagio rhag ofn gan fod mwg trwchus o gwmpas y lle.
Only 13 people have applied for a government grant to help with the cost of repairing homes and businesses in York hit by flooding, the BBC has learned from the city's MP for the first time in its history.A flood prevention fund is "putting off" people, an MP has said.
A woman who was seriously injured in a bus crash which killed a teenager at her friend's hen party has said she wants to help other people who have been through the same ordeal to help others.Â£10,000 has been raised for victims of major trauma.
Police in Cuba have detained dozens of human rights activists during a protest against the Catholic Church's alleged links with the government, according to reports in the country's main opposition website and reports from local media.The government says it is investigating the detentions of the activists.
Sales of new cars in Scotland rose last month, according to the latest industry figures, despite a slowdown in the rest of the UK as a whole, it has been claimed by the Scottish Motor Trade Association (SMMT) and the Scottish government's Office for Motor Manufacturers.
Police are investigating a spate of bogus police impersonators who have targeted tourists in Edinburgh city centre in an attempt to steal thousands of pounds in the hope of scamming them out of money and making off with their identity cards and mobile phones, it has been revealed.
The European Commission has said it will not reopen the controversial EU-Canada free trade deal (CETA) despite protests in Germany and Brussels over the deal's potential impact on the EU's democracy and workers' rights, despite it being signed this week, the EU trade minister has said.
A chocolate artist has recreated every ship from the Battle of Trafalgar Square to mark the 200th anniversary of the victory of HMS Victory over Napoleon Bonaparte in the battle of Nelson's flagship HMS Victory in 1805, the Queen's Galleon.
A pensioner who suffered a cardiac arrest outside his home and had to be resuscitated 17 times has said he is "forever grateful" to the paramedics who saved his life in an "extremely rare" case.Â£10,000 reward has been offered by the East Midlands Ambulance Service for his bravery.
Great Britain's world champion Katherine Grainger has missed out on a medal at the European Rowing Championships after finishing fourth in the lightweight women's double sculls in Rotterdam, South Africa, on Sunday night in the final event of the regatta in the Netherlands.
A BBC investigation has found evidence that staff at the now-defunct Kids Company were aware of allegations of sexual assault at the centre of the scandal that saw the charity shut down last week, it has been claimed by two former employees and a former client of the charity.
A dog who visits a supermarket every day to pick up his favourite biscuits has become a social media hit with thousands of Facebook users who have taken to the social networking site to share photos and videos of him in the pet shop's drive-thru lane, his owner has said.
Bradford City moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory at home to struggling Southend United thanks to a first-half strike from Joe Evans against his former club Skelmersley Town, who are now winless in five games.
South Africa's new mayor of the city of Tshwane has said he will not spend public money on luxury cars, after the previous mayor bought 10 new BMWs for himself and his staff, local media report, citing government regulations.Â£266,000 worth of the luxury vehicles will be scrapped.
The new owners of Bernard Matthews have agreed to honour all current pension agreements with its workers, the Unite union has said after talks with the company's new owners in Leeds.Â£1.5m of investment will be made at the firm.ÂÂ£2m of savings will be achieved, it has been confirmed.
A man has blown himself up in a wheelchair at Beijing's international airport after setting off a homemade explosive device in a terminal, Chinese state media reports say, state media have said, claiming he was a disabled taxi driver who was protesting against his treatment by the authorities.
A lorry has overturned on the M4 in south Wales, closing the westbound carriageway in both directions and causing long delays for motorists.One person has been taken to hospital following a crash involving a tanker and a lorry, police have said.
Twenty years ago on Tuesday, Jean-Marc Bosman emerged from the European Court of Justice with a landmark ruling that changed the world of football - and almost ruined his life - by taking football's business model to court to force clubs to scrap transfer fees entirely.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has been urged to maintain the pace of progress on plans for a new £10m flood risk management centre in the town centre, following concerns about the pace at which progress has been made.Â£2.5m has been spent on the project so far.
A council has said it is working with Legoland to improve traffic management after visitors faced long delays trying to leave the theme park's car park on Wednesday night and Thursday morning because of a lack of car park exit routes for the attraction's 2,000-strong workforce.
A care home has been told to make "significant improvements" to the care it provides to elderly and disabled residents after a series of health and safety concerns were raised by the care watchdog in a report to the Scottish Health and Social Care Authority.Â£1.5m has been spent on a care home in the past three years.
YouTube star Connor Franta has revealed that he's gay, in a video posted on his YouTube channel on Sunday night, saying he's "come to terms with who I am". He says it's "truly the year that I have accepted who I is and become happy with that person".
An 11-year-old girl has written a letter to the burglars who ransacked her home, thanking them for "scaring her so much" she no longer wants to sleep in her own bed and making her "cry for two hours every night".
A second teenager has been arrested over an alleged machete-type attack at a shopping centre in south-east London on New Year's Day, the Met Police has confirmed to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire Today programme, in which a 16-year-old boy was injured.
Former Chelsea striker Didier Drogba says he turned down offers from England, China and even England as a player to play in the Premier League to sign for Phoenix Rising in the United Soccer League (USOC) in the summer of 2016."I'm still a player but it's important to respect the manager's decision," says the former Blues forward.
Chelsea have completed the signing of Barcelona midfielder Cesc Fabregas on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the player saying he decided to move to Stamford Bridge after "considering all the offers" he had received from other clubs.
A New Zealand man is in a critical condition in hospital after falling from the 14th floor of his 15th-floor apartment while trying to access his balcony, his friends have told local media reports from the country's largest city, Auckland, saying he is lucky to be alive.
Jessica Ennis-Hill's coach Nick Minichiello says the Olympic silver medallist should take time to decide whether she wants to continue in athletics after the Rio Games, rather than commit to the sport she won at London 2012 and the 2016 World Championships.
Will Miller scored a stoppage-time equaliser as Burton Albion came from behind to draw with Wolves at Molineux and move into the Championship's top six with their first point of the season."We deserved to win," said Wolves boss Walter Zenga after his side's 1-1 draw.
A heavily pregnant woman had a gun held to her head during a raid on her home by a gang of burglars, police have said, as they appealed for help to catch the culprits who threatened her and her unborn baby in Salford, Greater Manchester.
The number of shoppers in the Scottish Borders has risen by 4% over the past year, according to the latest figures from the region's town centre survey.Figures have shown an increase in the number of people in seven towns and villages compared with the same period last year.
Bhutan is one of the world's most isolated Himalayan countries, with little access to the outside world outside the Himalayas and only a handful of well-known cities and tourist attractions, such as the capital, Thimphu, and the ancient city of Dzongkha.
Motherwell striker Kirsty Grant believes the appointment of Shelley Kerr as the new head coach of the Scotland women's football team is a "fantastic step" for the sport in Scotland and a "great move" for women's sport in the country in general.
The US Federal Reserve has raised interest rates for the first time in nearly a decade, a move that is likely to keep them near zero for "some time" but may not be as long-term as had been expected, the Fed said in a statement after the vote.
Hundreds of people have attended a public meeting to discuss plans to close a Flintshire community hospital as part of a shake-up of health services in the area due to budget shortfalls by the health board in the region's largest health board, BBC Wales has learned.
Cameroon midfielder Eric Choupo-Moting has joined Stoke City from Schalke for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months, subject to a work permit and a work-place clause in his contract.
Mark Connolly's late header earned Crawley a 1-0 win over Blackpool at the Checkatrade Trophy-bound League Two side at Kenilworth Road in the first round of the EFL Cup second-round tie between the two sides on Saturday.
The Wales Bill has passed its first stage in the Senedd despite opposition from Plaid Cymru, UKIP and the Conservatives, who all voted against it at its final stage in Cardiff Bay on Tuesday night and will not take effect until after the UK leaves the EU.
The BBC's Ahmed Maek Youssef has been speaking to some of the people who have been involved in the "Facebook revolution" in Cairo's Tahrir Square and how the internet has played a key role in organising the protests in the Egyptian capital since the end of the Mubarak regime.
A by-election has been won by the SNP in Ayr following the resignation of the Labour MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock earlier this year, it has been confirmed after the result was declared.Â£1.5m of public money has been raised for the Scottish government.
A court in Italy has overturned the guilty verdicts of a group of earthquake disaster experts who were found guilty of manslaughter, in a case hailed as a victory for the credibility of the country's scientific community by thousands of scientists and scientists worldwide, reports the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg.
A supplement that boosts the immune system's ability to fight infections could be used to treat deadly superbugs such as MRSA, a study has suggested, in animals and in human blood tests on mice.Â£1.5bn worth of it has been found in the lab.
Police and social services in Northern Ireland failed to properly investigate the sexual exploitation of children and young people who went missing from care, a report has found.The police response to the issue has been described as "limited and inconsistent" in a report.Â£1.5m has been spent by the police on child sexual exploitation in the past.
Zombie apocalypse, blood, brains and brains - the ingredients of a Hollywood blockbuster, all rolled up into one big-budget horror movie starring some of the world's best-loved actors, including Game of Thrones' Sylvester Stallone and The Walking Dead's Matthew McConner.
Congolese singer Joseph Olomide has been arrested in the Democratic Republic of Congo over an alleged assault on one of his dancers at a concert in Nairobi last week, the BBC has learned from a court in the capital, Kinshasa, where he is being held.
Three inmates on remand have absconded from a minimum-security prison in Gloucestershire, prompting a police appeal for help in tracing their whereabouts on social media and the BBC News website.The Prison Service has said it is "urgently investigating" their disappearance.
Brendan Rodgers has been appointed as the new manager of Celtic, the club have confirmed.The former Liverpool boss has said he wants to "keep us at the top" of the Scottish Premiership and "make our mark in Europe" after agreeing a deal with the Glasgow club.
US rapper Kanye West has said he wants to work with Swedish furniture giant Ikea to create furniture for students' dorms, in an interview with the BBC's Annie Mac programme on Saturday.Â£1m-worth of furniture could be on his hands if he works with the company.
A computer fault at Edinburgh Airport has caused "massive disruption" to passengers who had to check in at the check-in desks manually, the airport's operator has said, with some flights delayed by half an hour due to the issue being caused by a computer glitch.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged after a teenager was taken to hospital after taking what police described as "potentially dangerous" herbal tablets in a "disturbance" in County Down.Â£1,000 worth of tablets have been seized by police.
The Burmese government has appointed a commission of inquiry into the violence that erupted in the western state of Rakhine in June, killing more than 50 people, the UN has said, calling it a "major step forward" in efforts to restore peace in the region.
Mobsters are more likely to get a good education than those who commit violent crimes, a study has found, because they tend to be better-educated than other white men in their area of the US and UK homes in the 1960s and '70s.
Wigan Warriors have signed England full-back Sam Tomkins from NRL side Sydney Roosters on a three-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months, subject to a medical and a work permit, for a reported £200,000 transfer fee.
Airbus chief executive Fabrice Bregier has said the company would reconsider future investment in the UK if the UK voted to leave the European Union (EU) in the referendum on the UK's membership of the union.Â£1bn-a-year investment in Britain would not be affected by a vote to leave, he has said.
Nasa's Kepler space telescope has confirmed the existence of a new Earth-like planet that is five times the size of our own, in a new discovery made by the US space agency's Kepler mission to a distant star system in the Solar System's far-east.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash in Lancashire had just celebrated his 21st birthday by touring Europe on his bike, his family has said in a statement.Â£10,000 of donations have been made to his memorial fund in memory of the "much loved" man.
Bournemouth goalkeeper Artur Boruc has retired from international football to focus on his family and club career with Polish side Piotr Wojciech Szczegorz Szmodicski's Gdynia on a two-year deal.
Two new buildings are being built in China, which will be full of plants and trees to help clean up the air pollution in the city where they will be built, in an attempt to make the air cleaner and safer for the people living in the country's capital, Beijing.
Tom Daley missed out on a medal in the Olympic men's 10m platform final as he scored the lowest ever score in an Olympic Games final to finish fourth in Rio with Britain's David Sanchez winning gold for the second year in a row in the event.
Alexis Sanchez scored on his return from injury as Arsenal beat Burnley to reach the FA Cup quarter-finals for the first time since 2012 and extend their lead at the top of the Premier League to seven points with victory at the Emirates Stadium in a thrilling fourth-round tie.
The Irish finance minister, Michael Noonan, is to brief his cabinet colleagues about a report into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio later this week, the Department of Finance has confirmed to the Irish Times that the report will be published later this month.
A council's Twitter account has been hacked, with a series of satirical messages posted on the social media site in the wake of a Christmas lights switch-on at Rochester's Dickens' Christmas lights display in Rochester, Rochester and Strood, Rochester, in Kent.
Amara Alhaji says he's been left "devastated" after being turned down for a flat in the UK because he's from a country at the centre of the current Ebola outbreak, Newsbeat has found out from the BBC's Panorama programme.
The BBC is to extend its News at Ten programme from Monday to Thursday in the new year, the corporation has announced.Â£1.5m will be spent on making the programme longer than it has been for the past five years, it has announced in a press release.
Rugby union is heading towards a "hire-and-fire" approach to coaching, according to the Rugby Coaches' Association (RCA) founder and director of rugby at the Rugby Players' Association, who says coaches are "a lot more vulnerable" to sacking.
Leicester City caretaker boss Craig Shakespeare is "almost out of order" to want to replace sacked boss Claudio Ranieri, says former defender Martin Keown, who believes the Foxes should stick with current boss Nigel Pearson until the end of the season.
The family of a woman who took her own life after being discharged from hospital have described a report into her death as "a load of psycho babble and twaddle" by the NHS trust that failed to investigate her death.Â£500,000 worth of "twaddle" has been described by her sister.
Japanese electronics giant Sony is to revive vinyl production for the first time in more than a quarter of a century, the company has announced in a filing to the Nikkei Item.com news website on Monday.Â£1bn (Â£770m) is expected to be generated by vinyl sales this year, according to analysts.
A polar bear at a Scottish wildlife park has been taken off show to see if she is pregnant with cubs, it has been confirmed by the zoo where she is kept and where she has been kept for the past two years, the RZSS has said.
Summer sunshine in the UK can be a good thing for your health, according to a group of leading health experts who say it is a "safe balance" between sun exposure and skin cancer risk, without suncream and healthy levels of vitamin D in the blood.
The government has announced a "comprehensive" counter-extremism strategy aimed at tackling non-violent extremism, which it says will stop people travelling to fight for jihadist groups in Iraq and Syria and stop people being radicalised in the UK's mosques and schools.
Campaigners are calling for a specialist centre to be set up in Wales to treat a rare muscle wasting disease that affects young men and boys in their 20s and early 30s and rarely lives beyond their teens and early 40s in a bid to save lives.
A flood-damaged bridge which has been closed for more than two months will not reopen until the summer of 2017, a meeting of councillors has been told by the council's finance convener to approve a £4.5m repair plan.Â£1m of public money will be used to repair it.
Ricky Burns retained his WBO light-welimination title with a unanimous points decision over Mexican Eduardo Beltran in his home town of Lochend, despite being knocked out in the eighth round.On the undercard of the WBC international cruiserweight title fight, Scott Cardle and Jonathan Slowey also claimed victories for Scottish boxers.
Thousands of people have marched in the South African city of Durban to protest against xenophobic violence in which foreigners are suspected of taking jobs in the city, which has seen an upsurge in recent weeks in anti-foreigner violence.Â£1m worth of foreign currency has been donated to the city's shops.
A man has died after falling from the window of a second-floor flat, police have said, following a "suspicious" fall from a first-floor window in the early hours of the morning.Â£10,000 worth of fireworks were thrown from a second floor balcony.
MPs are to launch a "purdah" inquiry into the government's plans to change EU rules in the run-up to the UK's referendum on membership of the EU, a committee of MPs has said.Â£1m of public money is to be used to pay for the probe.
A pensioner in Cambridgeshire has become the first person in the UK to cash in his pot of Â£18,000, despite warnings about tax changes that come into effect later this week, the BBC has learned from the BBC News website.
It may look like a typical mid Wales country estate today - with its stone-built roof, stonework and stone walls built in the Bronze Age. But it was built in a Stone Age settlement thousands of years earlier than previously thought, it has been claimed.
A man has been taken to hospital following a serious crash on the A470 in Monmouthshire which closed the carriageway for more than four hours, police have said, causing major disruption to traffic in and out of Monmouth and Aberystwyth.
More than 4,000 NHS staff in the UK earn more than £150,000 a year, figures obtained by the Daily Mail and the Taxpayers' Alliance have shown, according to analysis by the BBC and the BBC Health Service Watch website and BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
On the 100th anniversary of the start of World War One, it's been 100 years since the first British soldiers started fighting in the trenches of northern France to help their country win the war against Germany and the Germans in the east of the country, in what is now called World War Two.
The European Commission president has defended plans to allow the UK to limit benefits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years as part of a package of reforms to the UK's membership of the EU, amid criticism from Eurosceptic MPs and the UK Independence Party.
A teacher who sexually assaulted a 15-year-old pupil at a school has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence and ordered to pay Â£2,500 in costs and sign on the sex offenders register for a second time in two years.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a 15-year-old boy was seriously injured in a fight in the car park of a supermarket car park in West Sussex, police have said, with one of them on suspicion of attempted murder and causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Republican presidential hopefuls sparred over taxes, immigration and the media in a fiery debate in Colorado, as the front-runners clashed over how best to win the party's nomination for the 2016 election.Â£1.5bn in campaign funds was spent on the event, according to US media reports.
A man whose body was found in a car in Birmingham has been named by police as a music shop owner who had been missing for more than 24 hours and had not been seen since closing his shop on Sunday night, it has emerged in a post-mortem examination.
Ukrainian troops have begun leaving the strategic town of Debaltseve in eastern Ukraine, the country's president has said, hours after pro-Russian rebels took full control of the key strategic centre of the strategic city from Ukrainian government forces in a surprise offensive.
US rock band The Flaming Lips have scored a surprise number one album with Revolution Radio, their first release in more than a decade, debuting at the top of the UK album chart this week.The band have said they are "thrilled" to have scored their first UK number one since 2004.
League One side Bury have appointed Kilmarnock boss Lee Clark as their new manager until the end of the season."I was overwhelmed" by his appointment, says Shakers boss Lee McCulloch after his departure from the Scottish Premiership club on Monday.
The Turkish government has sacked four more senior military officers for their alleged links to last month's failed coup, the military says, including the chief of general staff and a top aide to the defence minister and two other top military officers, state media report, citing the interior ministry.
Councils across England are carrying out "urgent reviews" of high-rise tower blocks following the Grenfell Tower fire, the local authorities' body has said, with extra safety checks being carried out across the country following the tragedy in London on Wednesday night.
Mike Young, the creator of SuperTed, is planning a new series of the Welsh-language animated TV series, after selling his company to Disney in the 1980s and moving to Hollywood to work in the film industry.Â£1m is being spent on a new film about a Cardiff City fan.
A bus carrying Egyptian and Palestinian pilgrims has crashed in Saudi Arabia, killing at least 11 people, the state news agency, Mena, has reported, citing the interior ministry as the cause of the accident.Â£1.5m ($2.4m; $2.2m) has been recovered from the wreckage, it said.
Victim of an unprovoked street attack that left him with a broken collarbone has said he is looking for a new home, but is not yet ready to meet the man who knocked him to the ground in a "savage" attack in Gateshead.
World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out of the US PGA Championship at Erin Hills with a back injury suffered in a fall at his rented home in California on the eve of the first major of the year - the US Open at Baltusrol on Thursday."It sucks really bad," said the world number one.
Exeter City maintained their unbeaten start to the League Two season with a narrow victory over Cambridge at St James' Park, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time because of a goalkeeping error in the first half of the game.Â£1m-rated Exeter City remain top of the table after a 1-0 win over League Two's bottom club.
The whole presence of Rolls-Royce in Derby could be at risk if the company moves research and development out of the city, a Unite union official has said, calling the move a "scaremonger" in the wake of a newspaper report.
Pakistan captain Younis Khan has criticised Cricket Australia for postponing the tour of Bangladesh because of security concerns, saying "50,000 people" have been killed in the country since the start of the terrorism crisis in recent years and "terrorism" is a factor in that.
Scientists say they have found a way to help fight a deadly fungus that is found in bird droppings - by blocking its growth in the body of the bird's own immune system in a way that could help people with weakened immune systems fight the infection themselves to avoid it.
A passenger plane was forced to make an emergency landing after it was struck by lightning just minutes after take-off, a passenger has said, adding it was a "rare" event that left the plane "lit up like someone had taken a photo".Â£20,000 worth of damage.
Scientists have revealed the complete nervous system of an extinct "creepy crawlie" fossil, shedding new light on the evolutionary relationships between spiders and other arthropods, including crustaceans and horseshoe crabs, according to a team of palaeontologists.
A woman has appeared in court accused of covering up the death of a newborn baby at a house in north London.She has been remanded in custody after appearing in court for a second time on a charge of perverting the course of justice, a court has heard.
Villagers in Shropshire are calling for the reopening of a road next to Stonehenge to ease "nightmare" traffic congestion on the A303 near the monument.Campaigners say they are "desperate" for the road to be re-opened.
A couple from Bradford are celebrating their 86th year of marriage, which could make them the UK's longest married husband and wife, according to their daughter-in-law, Rani Chand, and son Satpal Chand, who both live with their parents in Bradford.
Birmingham City have held talks with midfielder David Caddis about a possible move away from the club, reports BBC Radio Birmingham and BBC Radio Lancashire Sport Sport on Thursday evening, with a view to making a permanent deal for the midfielder this transfer window, BBC Sport understands.
Australia pace bowler Mitchell Johnson says he hopes his Ashes "scars" will finally come back to haunt him as he attempts to win the Ashes for the first time since 2013-14 with a series whitewash of England in 2014-15 in the second Test.
Team Sky's Edvald Boasson Hagen won stage 17 of the Tour de France as he extended his overall lead to one minute and 20 seconds with a superb ride in La Rochette, near the border with Italy, on Wednesday night to take the yellow jersey.
An Orange hall in Londonderry has been vandalised in what police have described as an "unprovoked attack" by vandals.The SDLP has condemned the attack as a "pointless" act of vandalism and said it will not be tolerated in the future.
Three people have been killed after a so-called "monster truck" crashed into a crowd of spectators at a car show in the Netherlands on Sunday, local officials say, in what is thought to be the worst accident of its kind in the country since the 1980s.
The Labour Party is "walking in the opposite direction" on the key issues that will decide the next election, a senior Labour MP has said.The party's leader faces a "big test" in May's general election, shadow culture secretary Michael Dugher has warned.
Up to 50 firefighters could lose their jobs and seven fire engines could be scrapped as part of a £1.3m cut in Suffolk's fire service, the county council has announced in a bid to save £1m over the next three years.A union has said it is "deeply concerned" about "devastating" cuts.
The FBI has said it is "very concerned" about Apple and Google's plans to make it harder for police to access data on devices such as iPhones, iPads and Android phones, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in New York on Wednesday.Â£1bn-worth of encrypted data could be at risk if the technology firms go ahead with their plans.
The head of Google's parent company Alphabet, Eric Schmidt, has warned against the spread of commercial drones in the US, saying they could be used as weapons of war and spread warfare to every human being in the world's most violent countries, such as North Korea and Iran.
England and Northern Ireland are among the best performing education systems in Europe in maths and science, but not in reading, according to a major study of international education tests taken by hundreds of thousands of school pupils from around the world in the past five years - but are lagging behind in other areas.
Defending champion Jordan Spieth will take a four-shot lead into the final round of the Masters as Rory McIlroy's hopes of winning his first major ended with a disappointing third round at Augusta National in Augusta.Â£1.5m is on offer for the world's top two players.
MPs are debating whether the UK should carry out air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, after the government said it would only do so if it had the support of the Commons and if the Syrian government agreed to the action.
Two care home workers who "plotted" to cover up the death of an elderly woman who fell and hit her head on a headboard in Birmingham have been given community orders for neglect and ill-treatment in a case of "grossly negligent in their response".
The number of babies born addicted to drugs in England has fallen to its lowest level since records began, figures obtained by the BBC suggest.Â£1.5m has been spent on babies born with a harmful substance in the past four years.ÂÂ£2.4m is expected to be spent on drugs treatment in the next three years.
Ant & Dec's Saturday Night Takeaway game has been withdrawn after customers complained it gave the wrong answers to some of the questions in the first production run of the game, it has been revealed to the BBC.Â£10,000 worth of the product has been sold.
German police have deployed sniffer dogs to the main stadium in Berlin ahead of a Euro 2016 match between Germany and the Netherlands on Saturday, amid heightened security in the wake of the recent attacks in Brussels and the Paris attacks in the capital, officials say, as Germany prepare to host the match.
Reindeer and other mammals are particularly sensitive to the flashes of light emitted by power lines, a study has revealed, raising the prospect that their eyesight could be affected by the power lines they avoid.Â£1bn worth of damage could be caused by their avoidance, say scientists.
Chinese cinema chain chain Imax plans to list its shares in Hong Kong for the first time on the Hong Kong stock market, in a bid to tap into the growing appeal of the country's growing film industry in the country and boost its profits and value of its film business.
Four teenagers and a woman who died in a head-on crash on the A470 in Powys had just passed their driving test, an inquest has heard, but were not trying to overtake the car in front of them at the time of the crash.
A car thought to be worth more than £100,000 has been seized by police in south-west London, in the latest of a series of high-value vehicles seized by officers in the capital in the past year, the Metropolitan Police has said.The owner has been warned they face a fine and points on their licence.
Cincinnati Reds' Scooter Gennett became the first player to hit four home runs in a game when he hit a career-best four against the Baltimore Orioles on Sunday.Â£1.5m was paid to the Reds by Major League Baseball for his performance.
The chief constable of West Yorkshire Police has been cleared of all charges of misconduct in public office following an investigation into allegations of bribery, misconduct and misconduct in office, it has been announced that no further action will be taken against him in relation to the case.
Andy Murray made a winning return to action for Great Britain in the Davis Cup as the defending champions began their defence of the title with a 3-2 win over Japan.Â£1.5m prize money is on offer in the best-of-five tie in Birmingham.
US Secretary of State John Kerry has visited Somalia's capital, Mogadishu, where he says the country is "turning around" after years of war and famine.Â£1bn in aid has been pledged by the US government to help the Somali government, he says.
Former England captain Rio Ferdinand has paid tribute to his "fantastic loving mother" after the death of his wife following a short battle with breast cancer, saying she was a "guidance and inspiration" to their three children and "will live on in our memory".
A major air and sea search is under way for a teenager who has been missing from a beach on Dartmoor for more than 24 hours, police have said, with the help of coastguards and the coastguard's coastguard helicopter and RNLI lifeboat.
A man accused of murdering a great-grandfather in a car crash was mentally ill with paranoid schizophrenia, a court has heard, but his diagnosis of Asperger's syndrome was "wrong" and he was not psychotic at the time of the fatal attack.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley has left the League One club after his side's 2-0 defeat by Scunthorpe left them bottom of the table and without a win in their last five games in all competitions this season."I don't like losing football matches, but I know the job here."
Licences for a new local TV service in the UK have been announced by the communications regulator Ofcom, which will decide which areas will benefit from the new service in 2015.The BBC Trust has announced details of its funding contribution to the project.Â£25m will be paid to the successful bidder for the licence fee.
An RAF pilot has been airlifted to hospital after being injured in a mid-air collision with a Hawk jet, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has said in a press release on its Facebook page and Twitter account.Â£1.5m worth of damage has been caused after the incident.
An Indian government-owned book on vegetarianism has been criticised for describing Eskimos as "lazy, sluggish and short-lived" because they live on "a diet largely of meat", the BBC has learned from a leading newspaper in the country's capital, Delhi.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a 19-year-old was killed when he was hit by a car at a petrol station in Gloucestershire, police have said in a press release.Â£20,000 bail has been set for a second man.
Aberystwyth's Vale of Rheidol steam engine workshop has been described as a "big museum" and "a bit like a big museum" by one of its young staff - but what is it like to work in a place which has seen the last of the country's historic steam railways?
Athletes in Russia went to lengths to avoid drugs tests and bribe anti-doping officials, including running away from a mixed zone after a race and hiding during a race, according to a report by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada).
The BBC News website looks at some of the key stories of the week in the world of politics, as the BBC News NI team looks at the year in the life of a politician, and the challenges facing the next generation of politicians in the United States and around the world.
A judge in Brazil has charged the former campaign manager of President Dilma Rousseff with corruption, in a case that could lead to her removal from office and a jail term for her ally in the presidential election campaign, a former TV presenter and film-maker known as the "president of propaganda".
A global police agency has asked the public to help track down nine of the world's most wanted wildlife crime suspects, in a bid to tackle the global wildlife crime trade worth more than $100bn (Â£66bn) a year.Â£50m is being spent on the hunt for the fugitives.
Shares in China fell sharply on Wednesday after a closely watched survey indicated that the country's manufacturing sector continued to grow at its slowest pace in more than two years, sending shares in the world's second largest economy down more than 2% in afternoon trading on Wednesday.
Ulster have appointed French coach Jono Gibbes as their new forwards coach on a two-year deal from the start of the 2016-17 Pro12 season."I'm looking forward to integrating into a strong community in Belfast," says the former Ireland international.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has called on trade unionists to join the party to fight against "unacceptable" cuts to public services in the UK and the Scottish Parliament, in a speech to a conference of the Unite union in Scotland.
Three people have been rescued after getting into difficulty on the Munro of Lewis in the Highlands due to heavy snowfall and strong winds, the Scottish Mountain Rescue Service has said in a Facebook post on its Facebook page and website.Â£1,000 of donations have been made to help fund the rescue operation.
US regulators have given the go-ahead for the takeover of agribusiness giant Syngenta by China's state-owned National Chemical Corporation (ChemChina) in a deal that was initially blocked by the US government because of concerns about national security implications.
Swedish police have arrested a man suspected of carrying out a gun and bomb attack on a Stockholm metro station, in which four people were killed and at least 20 injured, one of them seriously, before being shot dead by a police officer and a bomb disposal specialist.
Sam Baldock's first-half header was enough to give Brighton victory over 10-man Wolves at Molineux and move the Seagulls up to third in the Championship with a point from three games in the top half of the table.Wolves' winless run extended to four games.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed former Newport County defender Paul Pidgeley on a deal until the end of the season, with an option for a further 12 months if he impresses in pre-season friendlies with the club's first team.
UKIP is "at a crossroads" and needs to be "radical" if it is to make a comeback, the party's former donor Arron Banks has said, as he offered to become its new party chairman and vowed to "work with" the party.
The summer transfer window closed at 23:00 BST on Tuesday, but there was no shortage of activity in the transfer market in Scotland's top two divisions as the clubs concluded their pre-season preparations for the new Scottish Premiership campaign with the start of the new campaign on Monday.
Marta Guillermo is not the type of person who would be likely to spend a lot of time looking for a simple cup of tea in the middle of the night, let alone buying a single cup of coffee or a single glass of orange juice in the morning.
A driver has been taken to hospital after his car crashed into a pub in Wiltshire, causing a large hole in the front of the building and causing it to fall into the street.Nobody was hurt, police have said, but the driver had to be cut free from his vehicle.
Fleetwood Town have signed on-loan Leicester City left-back Luke Davis on a permanent deal after his loan spell at the League One club was extended by the end of last season, with the option of a more permanent move to the EFL's second tier.
Britain's David Grabarz won a silver medal in the men's Olympic long jump at the IPC Athletics World Championships in Bratislava to become the first British athlete to win a medal at a major championship since 1999.American Erik Kynard claimed the heptathlon gold medal.
Tom Rogic's extra-time winner gave Celtic a dramatic Scottish Cup final victory over Aberdeen at Hampden as they became the first team to complete a treble of domestic honours in the same season for 17 years with victory in a thrilling Cup final in extra time.
National League side Braintree Town have signed former Crystal Palace midfielder Scott Kettings on a two-year deal.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the player by the Football Association after he was released by his previous club, Crystal Palace, earlier this month.
Five al-Qaeda suspects charged in connection with the 9/11 attacks on 11 September 2001 have been moved to a military court for the first time since their case was brought to the US military tribunal in 2006.A judge has ruled that they will not be forced to attend further hearings.
Beyonce has been nominated for a record-breaking eight Grammy Awards, making her the most-nominated artist for the first time in the history of the ceremony's 60-year history, it has been announced on the nominations website, Grammys.com.
The prime minister has promised to fund a new stadium in Cornwall if he wins the general election, if the Conservatives win the election, in a bid to boost the county's sporting scene and attract new visitors to Truro and the surrounding area, BBC News has learned.
Wayne Rooney is in talks with Manchester United about a new contract, reports BBC Manchester United and BBC Radio Manchester, with the striker expected to sign a new deal at Old Trafford this week.Â£100,000-a-week move to Chelsea is still a possibility for the striker.
League Two Mansfield Town have signed Oxford United striker Scott Brown Ideye on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m move to the Mansfield on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
A rare World War Two Spitfire has failed to sell at auction in London, despite being valued at more than Â£150,000 ($200,000; £125,000) by the auctioneers at Brooklands in west London on Monday.Â£50,000 was the asking price for it.
Two of the world's largest manufacturers of wind turbines have announced plans to create more than 1,700 new jobs in Scotland in a bid to boost the country's renewable energy supply chain and boost economic growth in the sector, it has been announced in a joint press conference.
Two hens have hatched chicks in a nest next to a giant boar at a Berkshire tourist attraction, it has been revealed to the public for the first time in more than 100 years.Â£5,000 worth of straw has been used to build the nests.
The cap on immigration to the UK has been "counter-productive" in reducing net migration and could have caused a "crisis" in the NHS this winter, a committee of MPs has said in a report on the government's cap on skilled workers from non-EU countries.
The AA has said it will review its car insurance prices in the light of a rise in the cost of car insurance, which is due to come into effect from this month, as it reported a 1.5% rise in memberships to 1.1 million.
Midfielder Joe Allen has been named as the cover star of a non-football magazine this week for his work with the Hen Welfare Trust, which helps to re-home unwanted birds of prey after the end of a footballer's career, but what does he do with his time off the pitch?
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said he is in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leaders in Egypt and the leader of the Orthodox church in Greece to agree a fixed date for Easter celebrations in the Church of England and the Church in Scotland, which has been a source of contention for decades.
At least 24 civilians have been killed in air strikes on the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto capital of so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, activists and reports from the area have said, while Russia says its air strikes have killed militants and injured many others.
It is a town that has become known as "Land Rover Land" because so many of the same car models are built there - from the Defender to the Range Rover Vogue - it is hard to escape the sight of a Land Rover on the streets.Â£1.5m worth of them.
Wrexham have signed Shrewsbury Town midfielder George Caton on loan until the end of the season.Â£20,000 has been paid to sign him on a two-year deal, with a view to a more permanent deal if he impresses at the club.
A US appeals court has ruled that President Donald Trump's temporary ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries entering the US should be reinstated, overturning a lower court's ruling that blocked the measure last week.The president has vowed to fight the ruling in the US Supreme Court.
Plans to change the way volunteers work at libraries in West Yorkshire have been scrapped after a public consultation.Campaigners have said they are "delighted" the council has reversed its decision to scrap the plans, despite strong public opposition to the plan's proposed introduction.
Joe Lee's late equaliser earned Sheffield Wednesday a point against Burnley at Hillsborough as the visitors missed the chance to go top of the Championship.Â£12m-rated Burnley's winless run stretched to five games as they were held to a draw by the Owls.
Bakery chain Greggs has reported a rise in sales for the third quarter of the year, helped by a strong performance from its meal deals and cost-cutting measures in store refurbishments and a strong economy in the UK and the rest of the world.
Germany's Thomas Jung won Olympic gold in the dressage as France's Thomas Fischertakinou missed out on a medal for the first time in Rio after suffering a back injury in the eventing dressage eventing eventing final on Tuesday night at the Olympic Park.
Developers of new wind farms in the UK will be required to offer to sell up to 25% of their business to local communities under a new shared ownership scheme, it has been announced by a government-backed taskforce in a bid to encourage community ownership of renewable energy.
A 51-year-old man has been charged in connection with the shooting of three cats in Surrey, leaving two of them with life-threatening injuries, police have said, including one with "life-changing" gunshot wounds to the head.Â£10,000 worth of cat food was destroyed.
A council has criticised the Duke of Cornwall for not doing enough to prevent the death of a bodyboarder who was swept out to sea after a river diverted to a beach where she died last month.The duchy of Cornwall has said it is "deeply saddened" by her death.
When you look at the foetuses of a humpback whale, it's easy to think that they are just a ball of cells, a few weeks old, and a glimpse of the animal's early development into what will become the animal that we know as a species.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% for another month by the Bank of England's interest rate-setting committee, despite a "somewhat stronger than expected" economic outlook.The Bank has said that it might cut rates further in the coming months.
China has reacted angrily to a UN tribunal's ruling that it has no jurisdiction over disputed islands in the South China Sea, with state media attacking the tribunal's decision as "illegal and invalid" and "null and void" - but it may also hint at a possible solution to the dispute.
Asian shares headed lower on Wednesday as investors digested disappointing US economic data and weak earnings results.Shares in Japan fell sharply after the country's central bank kept interest rates unchanged and kept the US central bank's monetary policy unchanged at its record low of 0.25%.
David Warner hit a fine century as Australia drew the third Test against the West Indies to level the series at 2-2 after a rain-affected final day in the series-clinching match at the Sydney Cricket Ground on Sunday.Â£1.5m worth of damage was done to the tourists' hopes of victory.
A Bavarian town has been submerged in floodwater for the first time in more than 100 years after two levees along the River Saale collapsed, German officials say, as heavy rain and high winds brought flooding to parts of Germany, Austria and the Czech Republic.
A woman is in a serious condition in hospital after being assaulted in a "domestic-related crime" in Caernarfon, Denbighshire, police have said, adding that her partner has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and attempted rape.
Two teenagers have been arrested after a "large and unpredictable" street fight in north-east London left three people needing hospital treatment, the Met Police has said, including a 15-year-old boy.Police have said they "helped save lives" by removing knives from the scene.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Adaobi Oladipo Odunfa looks at how cricket in Nigeria is gaining momentum, and how the sport is changing from being seen as an elitist pastime to one that is being played by the masses.
UK interest rates could remain low for longer than previously expected, the Bank of England's chief economist has said, adding that the global economy is "more unstable" than it has been for "some time" and the UK economy was "writhing in both agony and ecstasy".
Taiwanese electronics giant Foxconn has reported a sharp rise in profits for the third quarter of 2012, helped by sales of iPhones and iPad mini tablets, and a surge in demand for Apple products in China and South East Asia, where the firm is a major supplier.
Henry V walked to Holywell to visit the shrine of St Winefride's Well in Shropshire 600 years ago - the first English king to visit Wales since the Battle of Agincourt in 1416, it has been claimed - but the route he took has never been recorded.
When Nico Rosberg heads to Sao Paulo for the Brazilian Grand Prix this weekend, it will be the first time he has raced in the country's most famous race track, Interlagos, where he will attempt to become the first German to win a grand prix on home soil.
A man accused of raping a student who took her own life has been cleared by a judge after the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) decided not to continue the case, a court has been told in a written statement to the media.Â£10,000 compensation has been paid to the victim's family.
Production at a chemical plant in Merthyr Tydfilthy south Wales is to be mothballed, with the loss of more than 200 jobs, it has been announced.Â£1m of investment will be spent on decommissioning the plant, the company has said.
The location of King Arthur's Round Table has long been a mystery, but a new book claims to have "solved a 1,400-year-old mystery" - and it could be in the middle of a field in Yorkshire, not far from the Welsh border.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy is "very close" to scoring his first Premier League goal of the season, says Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri, who expects the striker to return to his goalscoring ways in the coming weeks."He is starting to score in training again," says the Foxes manager.
Could the government ship be heading towards a collision with the iceberg of Euroscepticism that has been swirling through British politics for the past few years, and is threatening to sink the Conservative Party's ship of ideas over the next few weeks?The eurozone crisis and the growing Eurosceptic sentiment in the Tory backbenches mean that Europe could soon occupy centre stage in British politics once again, writes the BBC's Analysis.
Parents, carers and social workers will be in the "firing line" if the Conservatives win the general election, Nick Clegg has warned as he launched a fresh attack on his party's plans for tax and public spending plans for the next five years.
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after an off-duty police officer was seriously injured trying to break up a fight between a group of young people, police have said, leaving her in a critical condition in hospital with "life-threatening injuries".
West Indies won the Women's World Twenty20 for the first time in their history as they beat Australia by three wickets in a thrilling final in New Zealand to claim their first title in a major international tournament for more than a decade and the first in the country's history.
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall has said he would give up one of his two roles as an MEP and an AM if asked, but only if the party's new leader asked him to do so, BBC Wales has learned from an AM who has spoken to the party leader.
Channel 4 has defended its decision to film Benefits Street, despite complaints from residents of a street where the programme was filmed, saying it was "transparent" and "proportionate" to what it was about to do to the residents of the area it was filming.
The Prison Officers' Association (POA) has agreed a new pay deal with the government in a bid to end a dispute over safety in jails.Â£1,000 pay rises for uniformed staff and health and safety reforms are to be included in the deal.
A mystery photographer who took a photograph of a woman who later died has been sought by the National Trust after it emerged the image was the last ever taken of her in a garden in Nottinghamshire, it has been claimed in a bid to track down the photographer.
Ivory Coast has banned the use of skin-whitening creams, saying they may cause health problems, the country's pharmaceutical authority has said in a statement on its website.It is the latest country in Africa to ban the products, which are popular with young women.
The Liberal Democrats and Labour have clashed in the House of Lords over the government's plans for Brexit, with the two parties accusing each other of "grandstanding" and "gaffe-busting" in a row that could lead to a new alliance being formed.
More than 1,300 militants from so-called Islamic State (IS) have been killed in UK air strikes in Iraq and Syria since the coalition with the US-led coalition began in 2014, the Ministry of Defence has said in a written parliamentary reply to a question.
A hacker has admitted he hacked into the website of Norwich International Airport to try to access information about flights to and from the UK's second busiest airport, causing it to be unavailable to passengers for the next few days.The site has now been fixed, the airport has said.
Plans to build a new railway station in Skelmersdale have been given the go-ahead after a council bought land on the site of a former sports college and a former college campus in Lancashire's West Bank.Â£1.5m of public money has been secured.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a father-of-three whose body was found wrapped in a tarpaulin and buried in a concrete outhouse with three layers of concrete over his head, a court has heard, eight years after he was killed.
In the aftermath of the biggest cyber-attack to hit the world's largest economy in recent memory, Ukraine is still reeling from the havoc caused by the malware that hit businesses across the country last month, but how did it all come to be so bad for the country, and who was behind it?
Wasps ran in seven tries to thrash Sale Sharks and extend their lead at the top of the Premiership to four points with a bonus-point win at the Ricoh Arena in the battle of two of the top four.Â£12m Wasps remain unbeaten in the Premiership's top six after beating the Sharks.
Five people have been taken to hospital following a crash involving a bus and a car in East Lothian, Police Scotland have said, with one of them seriously injured in the crash being airlifted to hospital in Edinburgh.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the bus.
The British man accused of arranging the murder of his wife in South Africa has flown back to the UK after being cleared by a judge who threw out the case against him in a landmark ruling in Cape Town, reports BBC Newsnight's Mark Lowen in London and the BBC News website.
The company behind plans to frack for shale gas in Lancashire says it expects to invest up to Â£50m in the county over the next three years, with up to half of that money to be spent in the North West of England.
The head of Mexico's consumer protection agency, Humberto Benitez Trevino, has been sacked after his daughter tried to shut down a restaurant in a row over a table, President Enrique Pena Nieto has said, in a move seen as a setback for the institution.
Downing Street hopes to work with the Burmese government to find and restore two missing Spitfire fighter planes that were used in World War Two and return them to the UK, officials have told the BBC.Â£1.5m is being offered to help find and display them.
Two walkers have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty on the Brecon Beacons National Park's highest peak, Snowdonia, near Llanberis, Gwynedd, in the early hours of the morning and into the afternoon of Sunday.
Hundreds of asylum seekers in England and Wales may have to be released from detention after the government temporarily suspended a controversial fast-track system to process applications and appeals.The system has been suspended amid "risks of unfairness", the government has said in a statement.
David Cameron's plans to give the nations of the UK greater control over their own tax and spending - and to give them the power to raise and lower their own taxes - may be a risky gambit for the rest of the country, writes the BBC's economics correspondent Simon Tisdale.
A man wanted in connection with the murder of a Cardiff teenager has gone on the run from police custody in India, sparking a renewed appeal for help to track him down in the UK to return him to Wales to face his charges in person.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to his capture.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found in a burnt-out car a year after he was reported missing have been released on police bail, the BBC has been told by Essex Police and Crime Commissioner (EPS) Mark Drakeford.
Fife-based interior fittings firm Havelock Europa Group has announced plans to invest £5m in its office refurbishment business in a bid to diversify its client base away from banks and education clients and into a wider range of high street clients.
When two friends decided to enter a Tesco competition to see if they could make a buck, they had no idea what they were getting themselves into - but they did not know they would go on to become BrewDog, one of the UK's fastest-growing and most successful craft brewers.
Sterling has fallen back to its lowest level in more than two months after polls suggested the UK vote to leave the EU was too close to call ahead of the referendum on Thursday's referendum on membership of the European Union, with markets on "full Brexit alert".
A former TV producer jailed for 17 years for plotting to kill his partner has lodged an appeal against his sentence, the Court of Appeal has been told by the High Court's clerk of the appeals court for the second time in two years.Â£250,000 is to be paid to a hitman posing as a would-be hitman to help him overturn his conviction.
The body of a British man killed while fighting alongside Kurdish forces against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria has been returned to his family in the Iraqi city of Erbil, where it will be flown back to the UK, the BBC has been told by his family.
A US appeals court has ruled that the National Security Agency (NSA) can continue collecting data on millions of Americans' phone calls without a warrant, even though the programme is not legal under the US constitution, as it has done for more than a decade.Â
Leeds United have signed defender Martin Lindegaard from West Bromwich Albion on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with an option for a further 12 months if he is not sold by the end of the season, with the option of a further year.
Two dogs kept in kennels by Devon and Cornwall Police have been filmed playing with each other hours before they were put down, the BBC has learned from ex-workers who worked at a kennel where one was kept for two years without being allowed to leave.
Labour's Chuka Umunna has said there is "no glory in opposition" and the party will "betray its people" if it does not win power in the next general election, in an interview with the BBC Newsnight political editor for the first time.
The widow of a Denbighshire man who died after being hit by a boat in the sea off the Maltese island of Gozo has told an inquest it was "very difficult to see" when snorkelling in the water at the time of his death.
Iraqi authorities have sentenced to death 35 men to death for their part in the killing of more than 100 Iraqi soldiers by so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Tikrit in May 2014, Iraqi officials have said, after a trial in the capital Baghdad.
Surf forecasting firm Magicseaweed has been bought by online surf retailer Surfstitch in a deal worth an estimated £3.5m, with the firm's Kent base set to benefit from the move to the new business.Â£1m investment in the company.
Spain's Sergio Garcia moved into a share of the lead after the second round of the Dubai Desert Classic, which was suspended because of heavy rain because of a waterlogged playing surface and poor visibility.Â£1.5m leader Nacho Elvira leads by one shot after the weather.
Colchester United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Bradford City, thanks to goals from Joe Ambrose and George Moncur at the Kassam Stadium on Saturday night in which both sides were held to their first league win of the season.
Archaeologists have opened four Neolithic stone-built huts at Stonehenge to the public as part of a project to understand what life was like for people 4,500 years ago in the area where the monument was being built at the time of the Great Fire of Britain.
Thousands of people have marched across the US to demand that President Donald Trump release his tax returns as part of a nationwide protest against the president's refusal to do so, in protest at his lack of transparency since he took office in the White House in January, US media report.
New Zealand's Joseph Parker will fight WBO heavyweight champion Andres Ruiz Jr in a unification bout on 10 December after Tyson Fury vacated the WBO and WBA titles.The WBO has approved the bout, says the Mexican's promoter.The bout will be for the vacant WBO title.
Mae'r lluniau a darganfod yng Nghaerdydd wedi gwobr i'r ymchwiliad o'r ôl i'w'r ddydd Sadwrn yng Ngwynedd, yn dilyn gwadu'r gael ei gyda chwilio.
Dylan Hartley should be allowed to captain England despite serving a 12-week ban for biting Wales team-mate Ben Youngs, says Ian Ritchie, the man in charge of England's rugby union governing body at the time of the World Cup in New Zealand.
The father of a US student who was released from prison in North Korea has accused the country of keeping his son in a coma for 15 months without telling him about his son's illness or providing "top-notch medical care" for him while he was there.
It is not often you hear the phrase " Alter Your Reality" used to describe the reality television show on which it is best known - and certainly not the reality of the reality TV programme on which the UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor is the star attraction in Las Vegas this weekend.
A Mexican man has been charged with the murder of a US special agent who was shot dead in 2010 in a shootout near the Arizona-Mexico border, the US justice department has said, in a case linked to a botched US anti-gun-running programme.
The White House has condemned threats made to Jewish community centres in the US, following a series of hoax bomb threats to Jewish centres across the country on Monday and Tuesday.The FBI is investigating possible civil rights violations, the US justice department has said, and the FBI says it is investigating.
It is easy to look at England's victory over Wales and think they are back to where they were a week ago, back to the top of the Six Nations, back in the top four of the world rankings, back on course for a first Grand Slam since 2003.
Chinese search giant Baidu has said it will make its self-drive car technology available to the public for the first time, in a move that could see it become the world's first free operating system for driverless vehicles by the end of the year.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect widespread disruption to services on Monday and Tuesday if a strike by Network Rail workers goes ahead, as talks aimed at averting a walkout are expected to be held on Monday evening in a bid to resolve the dispute by the end of Tuesday.
Police in the eastern Indian state of West Bengal say they have arrested a man suspected of being part of a gang which raped a nun at a school in the state's Ranaghat town earlier this month, in what is believed to be the country's first case of its kind.
Texas lawmakers have passed a resolution urging people not to use the Chilean flag as an emoji when referring to the state flag, its speaker of the House of Representatives has told the BBC News website in an apparent tongue-in-cheek attempt to highlight the differences between the two symbols.
The Premier League has agreed a new deal with NBC Universal Studios to broadcast live Premier League matches in the United States from 2016-17 to 2021-22, it has been announced.Â£1bn-a-season rights for the next five years will be broadcast on NBC Sports Network.
Work to install new water pipes in Shrewsbury town centre has begun as part of a £3.5m project to improve supplies to the area's residents.Â£1.5 million worth of work is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Turkey has summoned the Russian ambassador in Ankara after accusing Moscow of violating its airspace for the second time in less than a month, Turkey's foreign ministry has said, accusing it of ignoring warnings to leave the country's airspace.Russia has denied the allegation.© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Newcastle Falcons head coach Steve McCloskey says he has never looked at the club's chances of finishing in the Premiership's top six before this season, but believes they are now in the right frame of mind to challenge for a top-six finish this term.
Peterborough United have extended the loan spell of Middlesbrough defender Michael O'Connor until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£10,000 is on the table for the defender.Â€‚¬12,000
Belgian cyclist Elina van den Driessche has been given a six-month ban and a fine of up to £141,000 for "technological fraud" after being found to have a hidden motor in her bike during a World Championship race, which she won.
Conor McGregor is not the type of man to sleep in until midday. He is a UFC fighter who works hard, works out hard and then works out even harder again - at least that is what it would seem to be if you were to ask him to do so.
George Ford will replace Owen Farrell as England's fly-half for the second Test against Australia at Twickenham on Saturday, with the centre set to miss out on a place in the starting line-up for the first time in his career because of a kicking error.
A Stranraer schoolgirl with a rare genetic condition is calling for a life-changing drug to be made available on the NHS in England and Scotland to help her to live a more independent and happy life.A petition backed by MSP Alex Fergusson has been backed by more than 2,000 people.
Lichfield will not be part of the Rugby Football Union's new Women's Super Rugby competition, despite applying for a spot in the first season of the new competition in 2017-18, the governing body has confirmed to BBC Radio Stoke's Victoria Derbyshire.
The Football Association's performance director Gareth Ashworth says he stands by the decision not to call up some of England's best players for Euro 2016 despite their failure to reach the knockout stages of a major tournament for the first time since 1958, despite their shock exit from the tournament.
US President-elect Donald Trump has said that he wants to renegotiate trade deals with the UK, Mexico, Canada and South Korea, among other nations, in his first major speech since winning the election last month, and that he will do so with "great, great, great resolve".
A police officer who helped deliver a baby girl has said it was "one of the most rewarding" experiences of his career - and "far from your typical call for help" on a 999 call out in the middle of a rush hour carriageway.
Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he is confident Manu Tuilagi will stay at the club beyond the end of the season, despite speculation linking the centre with a move away from the Premiership club to a smaller Premiership club this summer.
A woman who falsely claimed she was raped and sexually assaulted by a string of men has been jailed for four years.A judge has described her as a "very convincing liar" who enjoyed being seen as a victim.Â£100,000 worth of false rape and sexual assault claims were made in a "construct of bogus victimhood".
A "vicious" man who raped and sexually abused two teenage girls in Cambridgeshire has been jailed for 13 years.Police have praised the "bravery" of those who had the "courage to stand up in court and relive some very difficult experiences" against him.
Firefighters remain at the scene of a major incident at the site of an industrial unit in Dumfries and Galloway after being called out following reports of a fire on the A90 at Broughty Ferry on Friday night, the fire service has said.
At least 60 properties have been evacuated and hundreds of homes have been left without power after heavy rain caused flash flooding in parts of Cambridgeshire, the fire service has said, with drivers urged to avoid driving on the county's roads unless "absolutely necessary" due to flooding.
The bodies of 43 Mexican trainee teachers who went missing in Guerrero state in September have not been cremated, a UN human rights body has said, contradicting the government's claim that they were killed and burned to death by a criminal gang in the city of Iguala.
A team of UK military personnel is to be sent to Somalia to help in the fight against militant Islamist rebels, the Ministry of Defence has said, as part of UK peacekeeping operations in the region for the first time since the 2008-2009 war in Iraq and Afghanistan.
A six-year-old girl who was injured when a bouncy castle was blown into the crowd at a youth football match is to have surgery to repair the damage she sustained in the incident.Â£10,000 worth of balloons were blown away by the wind, it has emerged.
Abby Wambach will retire from international football at the end of the United States women's team tour of Asia in December after playing her final game for the national team in Abu Dhabi on Sunday."I've had a great career," said the world's all-time leading goalscorer.
Fewer mothers in the UK and the US are breastfeeding their babies than in any other developed country, according to a study of breastfeeding in the world's most advanced countries, including the US and the UK, says a report from the World Health Organization and Brazilian researchers.
Glasgow Warriors have completed the signing of South African centre Ruan Kebble from Cape Town-based side Stormers for the start of the 2016-17 Premiership season, BBC Scotland has learned on Monday."I'm looking forward to playing in a competitive European league," says the South African.
Widnes Vikings head coach Chris Betts says his side have "lost some momentum" in the Super League table but are still "doing some good things" despite their recent slip-up at the top of Super 8s Super League's top four table.
The Duke of York has been accused of having sex with a 15-year-old girl when he was a private investigator, Buckingham Palace has said, in its first official response to allegations of impropriety by a woman who says she was forced to have sex with him.
Krystian Pearce's header rescued a point for Mansfield Town as they drew 1-1 at home to York in the EFL Cup first round, despite being reduced to 10 men at the end of the first half at the Proact Stadium on Saturday.
Two people have been arrested after a man was found with serious head injuries in Brighton after being attacked by a group of men and women in a suspected robbery in the city centre on New Year's Day, police have said, with one of the victims in a critical condition.
A man who blackmailed a woman into having sex with a stranger and sent a sexually explicit video to her family has been jailed for four years.A judge has described his conviction as "shocking and abhorrent" and ordered him to serve a year in prison.
Sheffield Wednesday have signed striker Jordan Rhodes from Championship rivals Middlesbrough on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent move to the Championship club in the summer of 2018, subject to a work permit and a work-place agreement, BBC Radio Sheffield reports.
The first temporary classrooms have been installed at a West Sussex school which was destroyed in a fire last month, the head teacher has said, as work gets under way to prepare the site for classroom use next week, it has been announced to staff and students.Â£1m worth of temporary buildings have arrived.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Jonathan Davies says he is disappointed wing George North will not return to Wales to play for his old region Scarlets in 2016-17, but wants him to stay in the country to "promote the game" to the rest of the world.
Petra Kvitova reached her first WTA final of the year with a straight-set win over third seed Simona Halep at the Wuhan Open in China on Sunday.Â£8.5m is on offer to the winner of the tournament.
A man who was beaten with iron bars and nails by a gang of masked men at his home in County Londonderry has said he feared for the safety of his young children who did not lock the door to protect them from the attack.Police are investigating a possible link between the attack and arson.
Work to transform a Denbighshire leisure centre into a multi-million pound leisure centre is set to start, it has been announced.Â£500,000 of public money has been secured for the project, the council has said in a bid to save the site.
The number of suspected cases of child sexual exploitation (CSE) in West Yorkshire has more than doubled in the past year, according to new figures seen by the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme and the Keighley News newspaper, with more than 200 cases under investigation.
The driver of a pick-up truck has been arrested on suspicion of murder after 11 people were found dead and dozens more injured inside the vehicle in a Texas car park in the hottest July day on record in the US-Mexico border area, local officials say, in an apparent case of mistaken identity.
As part of the BodyPositive's series on body positivity and body image, we spoke to a young woman who was diagnosed with anorexia nervosa at the age of 14, and whose battle with the illness led her to develop body dysmorphia and severe depression.
An exhibition about the Windrush generation, which brought people from the Caribbean to the UK, has gone on display at Nottingham's annual carnival ahead of this weekend's city's annual event to mark the event's 70th anniversary on Saturday and Sunday in the city centre.
Shadow culture secretary Karen Bradley has accused Culture Secretary John Whittingdale of trying to "dictate" when the BBC can schedule popular shows such as Strictly Come Dancing at the same time as rival ITV channels such as News at Ten and The Night Manager, the BBC has said.
A woman with multiple sclerosis (MS) has said she was told to "walk" to a concert after being refused a taxi to get there by a taxi driver who thought she was "just joking along" when she asked him to take her to the venue.
Europe's comet lander, Philae, has made contact with Earth for the first time since it went into hibernation, the European Space Agency (Esa) has said, after losing power at the end of last year at the age of 67.5.
A police officer who was sent to deal with an alleged assault in a Glasgow bar has surprised customers by singing the Bee Gees on the karaoke stage.A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a police officer took to the stage in the city centre.
South Africa seamer Kagiso Viljoen took five wickets to help Derbyshire bowl out Northants for just 145 on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Chester-le-Street, with the visitors' batsmen struggling with the bat.
Sinn Féin has said it will not co-operate with any attempt to suspend the Northern Ireland Assembly if the British government does not intervene in the crisis at Stormont by next week, the party's deputy leader has said after talks with the secretary of state.
Northamptonshire seamer James Buck took 4-35 as Durham were bowled out for just 88 on day one of their County Championship Division One match against the Division Two side at Chester-le-Street, Northamptonshire, to leave the game finely poised.
Police searching for a woman who has been missing from her Greenock home for more than a month have made a fresh appeal for help to find her.Â£10,000 has been raised in a bid to trace her and her carers, who have been working with a specialist team.
A charity says it's "appalled" by a new advertising campaign for a conference call company that shows people in "horror-style" masks on a London Underground train, which it says reinforces the harmful association that people who wear masks are to be feared and avoided.
Gary Madine scored his first goal of the season as Bolton reached the League One play-off semi-finals with victory over Sheffield United at Bolton's Macron Stadium, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time with the score at 2-2. Click here for all the match reports.
Muslims in France are taking part in a "brotherly cup of tea" event to mark the first anniversary of the Charlie Hebdo attacks, as part of an initiative by the country's leading Muslim organisation to "set straight the cliches" about links between Islam and terrorism.
UK and Scottish fishermen are to receive a 5% increase in the amount of fish they are allowed to catch in the North Sea next year after a deal was reached between the European Union and Norway on quotas for the three main fish stocks in the region.The UK and Norway have agreed to reduce the discard ban on white fish.
A pilot and his wife have been rescued after a light aircraft crashed in a field in Birmingham, leading to the pilot walking to a pub for a post-crash drink after the crash landing, the BBC has learned from an off-duty police officer who helped find them.
The Swansea Canal was once the world's longest and most important waterway, carrying hundreds of thousands of tonnes of coal, iron, steel and other materials from the south Wales valleys to the docks in the centre of the city every day for more than a century and a half.
Johnny Sexton and Sean O'Brien are set to be fit for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Scotland on Saturday after returning to full training on Monday and are expected to be in contention for a starting place in Tuesday's game against the Scarlets in Dublin.
Private landlords in England are to be given new powers to evict illegal immigrants from their homes, the government has announced, as part of a crackdown on "rogue" landlords in the wake of the Calais migrant crisis and the so-called "Jungle" migrant crisis.
Dutch Justice Minister Gerhard Opstelten and Attorney General Michael Teeven have resigned after a row over a payment to a convicted drug trafficker, which the justice minister said had been made without a record of the transaction, has been found. Both men have apologised to the king.
Forfar Athletic extended their lead at the top of the Scottish League Two table with a 1-1 draw away to Cowdenbeath, with Scott Swankie scoring a stoppage-time winner in stoppage time to secure a 3-2 win.
Highland Council has refused permission for a housing development in Carrickfergus National Park's Carrbridge area, saying it was not in line with planning rules.Â£1.5m plans for the development have been rejected by Highland Council's planning committee.
A hospital in Cardiff is warning people to stay away from wards where patients are suffering from the winter vomiting bug, norovirus, as it poses a risk to their health and could spread the virus quickly and spread it to other wards in the area as well.
In the wake of the Tiananmen Square crackdown, China is once again caught up in the shadow of the Maoist era, writes China-based political commentator and Beijing-based writer Guo Guangchang in a series of letters from Chinese journalists and academics.
Crocodile eggs are a delicacy in the wild world of Australia, where they are prized as delicacies and prized delicacies, but they can also be a deadly threat to the animal's own survival if they are removed from their nests and consumed by humans.
A fleet of gritters has returned to the roads of Gloucestershire for the first time since the end of last year's winter gritting season in April.Â£1.5m worth of salt has been put back on the roads for the coming winter.
Ricky is a special correspondent for Newsround who's been travelling the world to see how robots are changing the way we live our lives and how they are changing our relationship with the world around us, and how we can help shape the future of the world we live in.
A former friend of the couple who murdered Liam Fee has said she was "shocked, totally shocked" when she found out they had been convicted of the boy's murder and vowed to change her tattoo to one that said "friends forever" in tribute to them.
Plans for a £100m paper mill in King's Lynn, Norfolk, have been submitted to the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (DfE) for planning permission to build a hydro-electric power station on the site of an existing paper mill.
Hundreds of migrants and refugees have moved out of a camp in the French port city of Calais where they had been camped out for more than a week in preparation for the planned evacuation of the area.French authorities have begun moving them out of an area known as the "Jungle" camp.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has said he hopes Israeli forces will begin to withdraw from Gaza "within the next few days" and has called for an "immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire" in the conflict there, the Foreign Office has said, following a phone call with Israel.
Three people have been stabbed in a town centre, prompting police to use a "robust policing tactic" to deal with the "detestable behaviour" of some of those involved in the attack, a police force has said, including two teenagers and a man from London.
Plans to create Wales' first eight-council system in 20 years have been unveiled by the Welsh government's local government minister.There are calls for an "urgent summit" to discuss the future of local government in the assembly election next year.
US cable giant Charter Communications (TTC) has agreed to buy Time Warner Cable (TWC) for $78.7bn (Â£55.4bn) in cash and stock, in a deal that could create the country's biggest cable company.
A man who was sexually abused as a child by a teacher at a boarding school has criticised the Scottish government's new public inquiry into child abuse as "another announcement of yet another announcement of further inquiries into child sex abuse". He has called for more to be done to help victims.
Poland has cancelled a planned road trip by a Russian biker group accused of being involved in the Ukraine crisis, saying it will not allow them to enter the country because of security concerns, Polish officials say.Russia says it is "outraged" by Poland's decision.
South Africa batsman Hashim Amla has resigned as captain of the national side after the second Test defeat by England, saying he is no longer of "greater value" as a player than he was as a skipper, reports BBC South Africa Sport.
Australia's economy grew by 0.5% in the three months to December, faster than expected, official figures have shown, as the country's mining-led economy continued to recover from a slump in investment and a sharp fall in commodity prices. However, the country is "still not out of the woods", an economist says.
The common cuckoo is one of the UK's most famous birds of prey and is a familiar sight on the autumn migration route from the south of England to the north-west of England and south-west Europe to wintering grounds in central Africa in the Sahara.
Mexican Sergio Perez has decided to stay with Force India for the 2017 Formula 1 season after signing a new three-year deal with the Mexican team, which will keep him at the Indian Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi this weekend.Â£8.5m (£6.8m) in 2017.
A mother in west London has won a legal battle against a council order to send her son back to school, despite the fact that he is being educated at home by a home-schooled head teacher, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
Scotland's Jamie Donaldson leads the Swedish Open by one stroke after carding a six-under-par 65 to take a two-shot advantage into the final round of the season-opening event in Sweden on Friday morning on his return to action after a lay-off.
A charity is calling for a clinic to be set up in Cardiff to provide medical and psychological support for women who have been victims of female genital mutilation (FGM) or forced sexual mutilation in the UK and Ireland, to help them to get help with their recovery.
Researchers in the US have discovered a new class of hard, durable materials that can be recycled and yet still be used to make new materials, a study suggests, after years of searching for a new way to make them.Â£1.5bn worth of plastic could be saved, say scientists.
The UK has been "appallingly bad" at supporting start-ups in the tech sector, according to the founder of start-up accelerator Start-up Capital, James Woodford. He says the UK needs to do more to help small businesses get off the ground and grow.
A new gin distillery has opened in the Scottish Borders, which is believed to be the first of its kind to be built in the region in nearly 200 years, it has been claimed.Â£1m plans to open a whisky distillery in the area have been announced.
A major fire at a former tobacco factory in Nottingham that destroyed more than 100 buildings has left the city's skyline in tatters, but could it also mark the beginning of the end for one of Nottingham's most important architectural landmarks - the last remaining example of its kind in the city.
The gap between men and women's life expectancy has been widening for more than 100 years, according to official figures and research published in the British Medical Journal of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Death by Randomised Suicide (BSSR) and the Office of National Statistics.
A Michigan college student with a severe peanut allergy has been charged with hazing after allegedly being forced to eat peanut butter as part of a fraternity initiation ritual, his lawyer has told a local newspaper, calling the case "blown way out of proportion" by the victim's family.
Norway has turned down a proposal to give Finland's highest peak to mark the country's independence from Russia, saying it would be a "wonderful gift" to Finland, but it would not be in line with the Norwegian constitution, the prime minister has said.
The Scottish economy is set to grow at its slowest pace in four years this year, according to a leading economic forecaster, which has cut its forecast for growth for the year ahead by more than a quarter, and warned of the impact of the fall in the price of oil.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said his wife convinced him to take up the post after he turned down the job because he wanted to spend more time with his granddaughters and not deal with Donald Trump's administration's "ticking time bomb" on the world stage.
A football club is appealing for the identity of a bride-to-be who posed for a selfie with the players on their way to a match after their coach was involved in a motorway pile-up which led to the collapse of a bridge over the M20.
A third person has been arrested on suspicion of Syria-related terrorism offences after arriving back in the UK from France on Saturday, police have said, but have not said how long it will be before he will be held in custody.Â£10,000 bail has been granted.
A campaign has been launched to raise money to create statues to commemorate those who served in the disbanded Devonshire and Dorset Regiments in World War One and World War Two.Â£140,000 has so far been raised for the project, organisers have said.
Aung San Suu Kyi Tun, the opposition leader in Myanmar (also known as Burma), told a conference in Yangon this week that the pace of political change in the country had slowed.   Â£1.5bn-worth of reforms that had been promised by Thein Sein's government had stalled.
A man has been found guilty of attempting to rob a shop after CCTV footage of the moment he was caught on camera was shown to a cashier's mother in the store's car park, a court has heard in a bid to avoid a jail term for a previous robbery.
Black and Asian police officers in England and Wales are being investigated three times as often as white officers for misconduct, a BBC investigation has found, amid concerns about the way officers are dealt with in the force.The National Black and Asian Police Association (NBPA) says it is "very concerned" about a "pattern of behaviour" within the police.
A hoard of 1,000-year-old silver coins found in a field in County Down are worth up to Â£100 each, it has been revealed at an inquest into the discovery of a treasure trove of gold and silver in Banbridge, County Down.
A 15-year-old girl has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off a Northumberland beach in the early hours of the morning and being rescued by a member of the public, police have said, as they issued a warning about the dangers of the sea.
A British man is to be charged with causing the death of his girlfriend in Thailand after she was killed in a scooter crash while he was on holiday there with a friend, Thai police have confirmed to the Foreign Office (FoE) and the BBC.
A 26-year-old woman has been jailed for life for stamping to death a poker player in a "pitiless and wicked" attack filmed by her boyfriend and filmed on her mobile phone by his accomplice in a bid to blackmail him into giving her Â£50 notes.
It is a tale of two Tiggers - the Treasury's "Eeyore" and the government's "Tiggy" - the two sides of the Brexit debate at the heart of this week's Budget, as the chancellor prepares to deliver his first Budget since the Brexit vote.
Manchester United defender Luke Shaw has been named in the 23-man squad for the club's pre-season tour of the United States next month, which starts with a friendly against Manchester City on Thursday.Â£5m-rated Manchester United.com.com
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has told MSPs at Holyrood that it is "time to say goodbye" to the Scottish Parliament, as the chamber was moved to tears by emotional farewells from three of its former members on the final day of the session.
Three hospitals in the US have been hit by a ransomware attack that encrypted computer files and demanded a $1m (£800,000) ransom to unlock them, the BBC has learned from a US hospital that was working in an "internal state of emergency" due to the problem.
BodyPositive is back and we want you to join us as we embark on a journey of self-acceptance, self-love and self-confidence over the next six months in 2016.We want to know what you want to tell us about your life and our journey.
David Cameron has called on Sepp Blatter, the head of world football's governing body Fifa, to resign amid allegations of corruption at the organisation, saying it is "unthinkable" for him to stay on in the role.The "ugly side of the beautiful game" should come to an end, the PM has said.
A restaurant owner in Spain says he is trying to track down a group of diners who left his restaurant in a "stampede" after eating 30 bottles of alcohol in a single sitting, leaving him with a bill of thousands of euros ($32,000; Â£20,000).
The number of livestock worrying incidents in Scotland has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to new figures from the Scottish Crime Agency.Police have said a campaign encouraging farmers and crofters to report the crime has led to a rise in the number of incidents.
Frenchman Esteban Ocon has signed a two-year deal with Force India to race in Formula 1 in 2017, his first full season in the sport, the team have confirmed to the BBC Sport news website on Monday.Â£1.5m is to be paid for his move from Manor.
Residents at a care home in Edinburgh are being treated like "objects", according to a report by the health service watchdog, which has called for "significant improvements" in the way it runs the home's services.Â£1.5m has been spent on improving standards.
Dog owners are used to talking to their dogs all the time, whether it's telling them to do something or telling them what they've done, or asking them what's for dinner, or even asking them to repeat things they've just heard or asked for.
Three men have been found guilty of killing a rival gang member in a "retro-gang turf war" as he sat in the passenger seat of a van in a car park of a high-end store in Denbighshire last year in an "act of retribution".
Bristol Rovers midfielder Emmanuel Akpan has been given a three-match touchline ban after being found guilty of violent conduct by the Football Association for stamping on an opponent's hand in a pre-season friendly.Â£10,000 fine has been imposed on him.
National League side Tranmere Rovers have signed Welling United States Under-21 midfielder Ben Jefford on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a more permanent deal on a permanent deal at the end, reports BBC Wiltshire Sport.
Bristol City moved into the Championship play-off places with a convincing victory over Cardiff City at the Madejski Stadium, who remain without a win in four league games this season.Â£12m-rated Bristol City moved to within a point of second-placed Huddersfield with victory.
Adam Voges and Dawid Malan hit centuries as Middlesex put themselves in a strong position against Hampshire on day two of their County Championship match at Lord's.Â£1.5m win-chasing Middlesex will need to beat the visitors by an innings and 88 runs on Tuesday.
A mother whose baby has a cow's milk protein allergy has said she is "disgusted" by plans to stop giving her baby formula milk to her GP in south-west London at the cost of eight times the price of standard infant formula milk, which she says is too expensive.
The sight of smudges and fingerprints on touchscreen gadgets is a familiar sight for anyone who uses them to control their smart phones, tablets, computers or other electronic devices, but how do you stop them smeared on your fingers and wipe them off with a disinfectant?
More than 5,000 people have signed up to be a stem cell donor for a Cardiff student who is waiting for a transplant after she was diagnosed with a rare form of leukaemia, the BBC has been told by the National Blood Transplant Centre.Â£1.5m has been raised for the cause in six days.
An Australian team of surgeons has successfully operated on a toddler who was born with part of a twin in her pelvis, leaving her with two legs and a pelvic area that is "growing into a very abnormal area" between her two vaginas and two rectums.
A man has been charged in connection with the death of another man in Dundee city centre, police have said in a statement to the procurator fiscal (PSF) following a post-mortem examination in the city on Friday morning on his death on Thursday.
A body has been found following a fire at a retirement home in Fife, police have confirmed to BBC Scotland's Panorama programme in which a woman was killed in the blaze.A report will be sent to the procurator fiscal following the death of a man.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed midfielder Paul McDonagh on a one-year deal after his contract was terminated by mutual consent. the end of his contract.com contract with the League Two club.com.com has been extended by a further 12 months.
Ladies' Day is one of the most famous days of the year for women in Liverpool, with thousands of people flocking to Aintree for the racecourse's three-day festival and thousands of flip-flops handed out on the streets of the city centre.
A coroner has warned of a "risk of future deaths" in the wake of the death of a woman who was refused admission to Nottingham's King's Mill Hospital for life-saving surgery because of a lack of critical care beds, after an inquest heard about her case.
Niall Horan has been elected as the new president of the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) after winning the first round of voting at its annual congress in Dublin on Thursday.Â£1.5m in prize money was awarded to the three candidates for the post.
Former England captain Michael Atheridge says he does not think his country will win the World Cup this summer, but believes they could reach the semi-finals if they beat the minnows at the end of the current one-day international series in India next month.
Hearts head coach Ian Cathro has dismissed reports linking Jamie Walker with a move to Rangers as "waste of time" and insists the winger is happy at Tynecastle."People are just wasting their time," said the head coach.Â£1.5m-rated Jamie Walker.
World champion Michael van Gerwen won the PDC World Darts Championship for the second time in three years with a 10-6 victory over Scott Wright in the final at Alexandra Palace in London on Sunday.Â£60,000 was the prize money for the first time.
A vote to leave the European Union would "undermine the fabric" of Anglo-Irish relations, according to one of Northern Ireland's most prominent pro-EU politicians.If you want to know what the future holds for Northern Ireland in the event of a UK exit from the EU, you need to look no further than the EU referendum.
Scotland captain Neil Greer says he is "open to anything" if he is not offered a new club by the end of the season but admits he may not feature for the national side again in the future if he drops down the Championship.Â£500,000-a-year.
Defence is one of the most important issues facing the UK in the next parliament, with the UK's armed forces under threat from terrorism, the threat from Islamic extremism, and the threat of a Russia-led Russia-Ukraine alliance threatening to take over the UK from the US.
Lord Avebury, the former Liberal MP and peer, has died at the age of 89, the party has announced after a short illness, his family has said in a statement on his official website, citing "a long battle with leukaemia" with which he had been diagnosed.
The number of new council homes sold in Scotland rose by more than 20% in the past year, according to official figures for the first time since the financial crisis of 2007/08, the Scottish government has said, with the rise partly due to the introduction of right-to-buy.
Boris Johnson is behaving "irresponsibly, recklessly and recklessly" in the EU referendum campaign, Lord Heseltine has said, accusing the London mayor of making "preposterous" remarks about Adolf Hitler and Napoleon Bonaparte and Hitler.
Police investigating a serious sexual assault in a Glasgow nightclub have released images of two women they want to speak to in connection with the attack on a man and a woman in the city centre earlier this month, in a bid to find more witnesses to the attack.Â£1,000 reward has been offered to anyone who comes forward.
Hundreds of people have taken to the streets to protest against plans to close dozens of children's centres in Oxfordshire, including Prime Minister David Cameron's former constituency office, it has been claimed, in a bid to save the county council millions of pounds in cuts.
Crystal Palace maintained their unbeaten start to the season as they came from behind to beat Everton at Goodison Park and move to within three points of the Premier League play-off places with a third win in four league games at the expense of Roberto Martinez's Toffees.
Teachers were paid more than £16m in compensation last year after being injured in the classroom, the National Union of Teachers has said, including £185,000 for a teacher who tripped on a tear in the lino surface of a classroom door.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) is one of the most high-profile trade deals being negotiated between the US and the European Union (EU) and the United States at the moment, and it has generated a lot of debate in the UK and beyond.
Bristol director of rugby Steve Robinson says the departure of Steve Borthwick from his role as forwards coach has been a "kick" to the club's preparations for the Premiership season ahead of the new campaign ahead of England's Six Nations opener against South Africa.
German exports and factory production fell sharply in November as the country's economy continued to struggle to recover from a sharp decline in the previous month.Â£13.9bn of goods exports fell in November, official figures have shown, adding to the gloom in the Eurozone's economic recovery.
A Red Cross volunteer who was on the scene of the Shoreham air disaster which killed 11 people has been awarded an MBE in the New Year's Honours for his part in the rescue effort at the site of the tragedy."I never expected anything like this," said one of the event's organisers.
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) is "a rather timid body" which controls the Cadbury code of corporate governance, Lord Myners, the former chairman of the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors, has said, calling for it to "get stronger".
A giant gorilla made entirely of spoons has been unveiled by comedian Uri Geller at an Ironworks Centre in Shropshire, after a campaign for cutlery raised thousands of pounds to fund its construction and transport to Mr Geller's home in Berkshire.
Vladimir Putin told me in March that he wanted to help France's far-right National Front (FN) leader, Marine Le Pen, win the French presidential election, but that he did not want to interfere in the campaign itself, as he had done in the run-up to the vote.
The Liberal Democrats have pledged to create 100,000 new apprenticeships in Wales over the next five years if they win the 2016 assembly election, if the party wins power in May's assembly election.Labour and Plaid Cymru have also said they will create 50,000 jobs.
Vodafone has said it is unclear how many of the "positive attributes" of EU membership will remain in place once the UK leaves the union after the Brexit vote, following the vote to leave the European Union on 23 June, after which it will decide where to set up its European headquarters.
A child sex offender who chatted about raping a baby and abusing a baby on social media has been jailed for a string of child sex offences in Greenock, South Ayrshire, has been given a two-year suspended jail term and a community payback order.
A police officer has been recommended for a disciplinary sanction after a mistake in a handover information pack led to the arrest of a man in his garden in Londonderry, the police ombudsman has said, after he apologised to his family for the "upset and annoyance".
Defending champions Caroline Garcia and Kristina Mladenovic won their first WTA title of the year at the French Open doubles final in Paris on Sunday night, beating Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina in straight sets in the semi-finals.
Wales coach Warren Gatland refused to make any excuses for his side's defeat by South Africa in their World Cup quarter-final defeat, saying: "They got one chance and they took it and they did what they do and that was the end of our World Cup."
Gatwick Airport has promised to take on the "main risks" of building a new runway at the south-east England airport.The airport has said it will pay compensation to residents affected by noise from aircraft noise if it is allowed to go ahead with its plans for expansion.
Carlisle United have signed Dutch international winger Pedro on a two-year deal after he impressed during a trial spell with the League Two side earlier in the month, with the option of a further 12 months at the club.Â£100,000 in add-ons have been included.
Boris Johnson is one of the UK's best-loved politicians, and one of its best-known and least-known, with a career spanning four decades in the public eye, from mayor of London to Conservative MP to foreign secretary to mayor of the City of London.
Crewe Alexandra have re-signed Bury striker Chris Lowe on a one-month loan deal after his release by League One rivals Bury, with the option of a permanent move at the end of the season.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the player.
A British woman who was jailed in Malaysia for indecently exposing herself on a sacred mountain has left the country, immigration officials say, a day after her sentence was backdated to reflect her time already served for the offence, the BBC has learned from the authorities in the country.
Ethiopia is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, and is set to become the first country in Africa to achieve double-digit growth for the first time in more than a decade, according to a report by the International Monetary Fund (IMF) released this week.
In a room in the Kurdish refugee camp of Kobane in northern Syria, a small group of women and children sit in a small corner of a small room, surrounded by the bodies of their dead sons and daughters, waiting for their bodies to be brought back to Turkey.
A second piece of equipment has been stolen from a memorial to the crews of Bomber Command at Lincoln's new national centre for aircrews, the city's museum has been hit by a series of break-ins in the space of a month, it has been revealed.
Northampton Town have been placed in administration by the High Court of Arbitration for Sport (HCAS) following a winding-up petition against the League Two club.Â£1.5m of unpaid tax has been paid to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) by the club.
Shares of two Hong Kong-listed companies have seen sharp falls in the past two days, following a sell-off in the value of their shares in the wake of a series of insider trading reports in China and the US that led to the suspension of trading on Wednesday.
Two Labour MPs have resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's front bench, the party leader has said, as he announced a new team of 21 MPs, 14 of whom are women and four are from the black and minority ethnic community, including four from the minority ethnic group.
The Premier League has announced this week that the average cost of a season ticket has been frozen or even reduced for the first time in the last three years, while the average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has risen for a first time since 2011, and the Football Supporters' Federation is calling for more affordable tickets for away fans.
Indian cricketer Ravindra Jadeja and his wife have been fined for taking selfies with Asiatic lions in a national park, wildlife officials have said, after a probe into the pair's actions.Â£1,000 fine has been imposed on them.
A man who was due to appear in court charged with the attempted murder of two boys in Hampshire has died in prison custody, the Prison Service has said, amid an investigation into the death of a prisoner's death in his cell at Belmarsh jail on Sunday.
The number of lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) characters on US TV has risen to a record high, according to a new study of the most popular scripted shows on the airwaves this year, but the number of transgender characters has fallen to its lowest level ever.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has been accused of "roodging" money from the Basic Need Budget to fund free schools in England in a row with the Liberal Democrats and the Conservatives over funding for free schools, the BBC has been told by a senior Lib Dem source.
Elections for Tower Hamlets' new mayor will be held on 5 May, with more than 1,000 candidates standing in the election, it has been announced, amid a police investigation into alleged electoral malpractice in the race for the post in the east London borough.
The Copper Box is one of the most iconic venues in British sport, home to some of the world's best players and one of its most famous players - the Great Britain handball team of the 1960s and 1970s.Â£1.5m was spent on refurbishing the arena in London's Olympic Park in the summer of 2012.
Leigh Centurions half-back Joe Chase says he is in the best physical shape of his career, but is aware of the "hard work" he will have to do to return to his former club Castleford Tigers in the Super League club's pre-season.
Great Britain's Olympic bronze medal-winning men's 4x400m relay team could be presented at next month's Diamond League Anniversary Games in London, says team-mate Wayne Rooney, who hopes to receive his medal at the World Championships in August."There's no way of getting back to Beijing and doing it that way," says Rooney.
The drive to drink coffee may be down to a gene in our DNA, according to researchers in the UK and the Netherlands who have discovered a link between the two countries' differing styles of coffee and the amount of caffeine in our daily lives - and the number of cups we drink.
Thailand's Crown Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn has been invited to take the throne after a delay of at least a year, officials have said, but it is still not clear when he will take up the role of the world's longest-reigning monarch.
Ian Wilson has decided not to put his name forward to become the next leader of the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) because he wants to make sure there is a "smooth transition" to Arlene Foster as party leader and new first minister at Stormont.
The One Show host Coronation Street star Jade Jones has said she hopes to pass on her Welsh heritage to her young son when he visits Cardiff later this month.Â£1m-a-year-old Ted is set to make his first trip to the city.
A Catholic bishop in the Republic of Ireland has said he supports same-sex marriage and that the Church of Ireland is not "up to pace" with society's changing views on the issue of gay marriage in the light of Stormont's rejection of a motion calling for it.
A man's body has been found at a house in Oxford, leading to the closure of a major road in the city centre for a number of hours while police investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of the man's death.Police are treating the discovery as "suspicious".
A Chinese company has pleaded guilty in the US to conspiring to export a coating for a new nuclear power plant to Pakistan, in violation of trade sanctions imposed after the 1998 nuclear disaster in Chernobyl, the US government said on Wednesday.Â£1.2bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in penalties.
It looks like the new Ghostbusters movie could be the start of a whole new line-up of films, TV shows, merchandising and other entertainment projects, according to the director of the original Ghostbusters film, Ivan Reitman, who has said he wants to "expand the Ghostbusters universe".
Rail passengers travelling to and from south Wales over the August Bank Holiday weekend are being advised to check their journeys before they go as improvements are taking place at two railway tunnels in Gloucestershire and a new platform at a Bristol Parkway station are set to start on Saturday.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in a rally in Barcelona and other towns in Catalonia to call for independence for the region, which is seeking to break away from Spain's restive central government and hold a referendum on its own future on 1 October.
Prince Harry has shared some of the photos from his visit to a children's home in Africa, where he was given Christmas hats and balloons for charity work with Aids orphans and young people affected by Aids and HIV/Aids as well as some of his own photos.
Singapore has banned the use of app-based taxi booking services, in a crackdown on the growing number of people using them to get around the city-state's capital, Singapore City Hall has said in a statement to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
Steven Finn and Chris Woakes will replace James Anderson as England's pace bowlers for the first Test against South Africa in Cape Town, starting on Thursday, starting with the first ball bowled by the bowler in the first innings of the first match in Durban.
A police dog who was shot in the head during an armed robbery in Birmingham, England, has been reunited with his handler after a six-month battle to recover from his injuries and make a full recovery from the injuries he sustained in an attack by a man armed with a gun.
A man has died in a house fire in Aberdeenshire, the fire service has said, with the death toll from the blaze now confirmed to be two adults aged in their 70s and 80s.The cause of the blaze is being investigated.Â£10,000 of damage has been reported.
Four men have been charged with attempted murder after shots were fired at a protest camp in the US city of Minneapolis in which a man was killed and three others wounded last week, police said on Wednesday.Â£10,000 (Â£6,000) in damages has been paid to the families of the victims.
The prime minister of Lesotho says he has been removed from power by the army, after troops seized power in an apparent coup attempt in the southern African kingdom.The leader has said he will not return to the country to face the threat of his life.
A Plaid Cymru AM has said he has been the victim of a "campaign of political harassment" after a break-in at his home in Cardiff, which he claims is linked to a similar incident at his office in the city last year, and his home 12 months ago.
Hundreds of campaigners are taking part in a walk in the Lake District to protest against plans for a network of pylons to connect to the National Grid in the Cumbrian National Park from the north of the Cisleithrope area to the south of England.
Photographs by Lonnie Schlein and Raul Roman, UBELONG, and Lonnie Roman, photojournalists and veterans of the Vietnam War, have been released to mark the 20th anniversary of the end of the conflict in the South Vietnamese capital, Hanoi.
The mayor of the US city of Baltimore has lifted a curfew that had been in place for more than a week in response to protests over the death of a black man in police custody, officials say, after it was deemed "no longer necessary" to maintain it.
Ross County have re-signed Aberdeen left-back Scott Quinn on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Scottish Premiership club in the summer, subject to international clearance and a work permit being granted by the Scottish FA.
Nottingham Forest midfielder Andreas Bendtner was taken off with a head injury as his side beat Birmingham City to move into the Championship play-off places with a third win in four games this season.Â£50m-rated Nottingham Forest moved to within three points of the top four.
Alviro Petersen's maiden first-class century put Lancashire on top on day one of their County Championship Division One match against Warwickshire at Lord's, with the visitors on top of the Division Two table.Â£1.5m-rated Lord's pitch is set to be used as a bonus point target on Monday.
(Close): Wall Street markets were little changed on Tuesday as investors digested the release of emails from Donald Trump's presidential campaign team that raised questions about Russia's alleged interference in last year's US election campaign and its possible role in the election itself, as well as a rise in oil prices.
Leaving the EU would be a "big mistake" for the UK, David Cameron has said, as he continued to make his case for staying in the union in the run-up to the referendum on the UK's future in June's EU membership vote.
Sebastian Coe, the new president of the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has a long list of achievements to add to his CV, which includes three world records, three Olympic golds and a record-breaking career in athletics.
York City have signed former Forest Green Rovers and Bolton Wanderers midfielder Omar Kamdjo on a one-year deal.Â£20,000 compensation package has been agreed with the player's former club.Â© BBC Radio York.com.com/
Sunderland have terminated the contract of midfielder Emmanuel Eboue after he was given a six-month ban by Fifa for failing to pay a £100,000 unpaid fee by Turkish club Galatasaray, reports BBC Radio Solent on Wednesday night.
A neighbour of the Sun newspaper editor who was attacked with sulphuric acid has told the trial of two men accused of attempting to murder him that his face was starting to blister and his right eye was closing over when he was attacked, a court has heard.
More than 280,000 Vauxhall Zafira cars are to be recalled over fears that a faulty heating system is to blame for fires in some of the vehicles, the company has said in a statement to BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
The US Republican and Democratic parties are locked in a tug-of-war over who will be their party's presidential nominee, with just over a month to go until the party's national convention in Cleveland, Ohio, where they'll decide who will take their places.
If you want to be a Jedi Knight but don't want to fight with a lightsaber, you might want to try out a new martial arts sport in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire, first introduced to the UK more than a decade ago... with the help of Star Wars fans.
A man has died after his car was involved in a two-vehicle crash in Dorset, police have said.Three other people were injured, two seriously, in a crash involving a car and a car driven by a man in his 70s and a woman in her 50s.
US regulators have given conditional approval for oil giant Shell to resume drilling in the Arctic in the Chukchi Sea off the coast of Alaska, in the first such move in more than two years, the company has said, as it seeks to resume exploration in the region.
A 25-year-old man has admitted murdering a teacher who was found dead in a hotel room on New Year's Eve, a court has heard in a video link from a prison cell in Bedfordshire, where he is serving a life sentence for making threats to kill.
South African Paralympic athlete Oscar Pistorius has been charged with murder after he shot dead his girlfriend at his home in Johannesburg on Valentine's Day, police have said, in a case that has shocked the nation.Â£1m bail has been granted to the athlete.
Turkey is blocking access to the Tor anonymising network, a monitoring group has said, as part of a government crackdown on internet freedom and freedom of expression in the country.Â£1.5bn worth of online content has been blocked in the past two months.
Middlesbrough midfielder Federico Valverde has left the club by mutual consent after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement, reports BBC Radio Middlesbrough and BBC Radio Cliftonville on Monday night (19:00 GMT). Click here to read the full report.
When New Zealand beat New Zealand in November's Rugby World Cup final, it was the first major sporting event to be staged in Japan since the country's men's football team won the World Cup in 2002 and became the first Asian nation to win a major international tournament.
Islamic State (IS) militants have launched a fresh assault on the ancient Syrian city of Palmyra, near the Iraqi border, activists and local officials say, as they try to seize control of the ancient site for the first time in two weeks since the start of the conflict.
A Co-op supermarket sign has been painted over with the misspelled word "right" instead of the correct spelling of "left" in the middle of a busy town centre in a bid to avoid a repeat of last year's "wrong word" controversy.
Bath and Leicester are two of the biggest clubs in English rugby union, and, in the words of former director of rugby Steve Guscott, "one of the most important fixtures in the history of the game".It is a rivalry that has been going on for as long as there has been a rivalry between the clubs.
Hundreds of workers in Nottingham are avoiding paying a new charge for parking at work after the council introduced a scheme to pay for improvements to the city's tram network and car park system in a bid to cut congestion in the city by £2m a year, it has been revealed.
Newcastle United manager Rafael Benitez should be given greater control over the club's transfer policy, says former boss Steve McClaren, who was sacked last year for "compromising too much" during his time in charge at St James' Park, says the former boss.
Midfielder Patrick Roberts says he is "proud" to have turned down the chance to play for Scotland in the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea in order to focus on helping Celtic win the treble in the Scottish Cup final with the club's senior players.
Plans have been drawn up to turn one of Aberystwyth's most famous buildings into a "cultural quarter" and a postgraduate centre for students and staff to teach and work in the town's arts and culture.Â£10.3m has been made available to invest in the regeneration of the town.
Voters will be required to show identification before casting their ballots under plans to tackle electoral fraud, the government has announced, amid concerns it could disenfranchise poorer people.Â£1bn plans to introduce mandatory voter ID across the UK have been defended by the government.
Nottinghamshire's Ryan Mullaney hit his second century of the match to put his side in a strong position against Surrey on day one of their Division Two match at Trent Bridge, which was abandoned because of a rain-affected play-off at the end of the day.
The family of a terminally ill man who took his own life at Switzerland's Dignitas clinic have said they are "in a state of all-consuming grief" but that he is now "at peace" and "away from the fear which surrounded him in the last few weeks".
A petition calling for an annual road safety awareness campaign for horses in Wales has been launched by a campaign group calling for a law to be changed to make it easier to cross the road safely for horses and their riders to be passed by cars and other vehicles to be introduced.
A book about the death of a soldier killed in Afghanistan has won the MoD Book of the Year award for the year's best book about life in the Royal Welsh Regiment in the line of duty in the conflict there and in the aftermath has been named the best book of 2015.
Deaf students in England who rely on financial support from the government to pay for specialist equipment and other costs are "shocked" by the decision to cut the amount they receive, campaigners have said, with fears they will struggle to get the support they need.
An author has been forced to cover up promotional material at a Women's Institute (WI) event after being asked to remove "censored" place names from a book stand he had set up to promote his new book about the UK's lesser spotted places.
Ireland scrum-half CJ Stander says Conor Murray will not get an "armchair ride" from Scotland in Saturday's Six Nations match at Murrayfield, insisting he will not be protected by his team-mates in the absence of injured Ireland team-mate Seamus Coleman.
Obesity and breast cancer are to be tested in the largest-ever trial of its kind in the US, the American Society of Clinical Oncology (ASCO) is to announce at the annual meeting of the American College of Oncologists in Washington DC.
Andreas Goretzka scored twice as Germany reached the Confederations Cup final with a comfortable semi-final win over Mexico in St Petersburg, despite playing most of their players in their home country for the first time in the tournament's semi-finals and third round.
Comedian Eddie Izzard has completed 27 marathons in 27 consecutive days in South Africa to raise money for the Unicef Foundation of South Africa and to mark the 25th anniversary of the release of Nelson Mandela's birth."It's been the hardest thing I've ever done," he has said.
Norwich City boss Alex Neil Lennon says his side deserved to win their 1-0 victory over Middlesbrough, despite hitting the woodwork several times in the first half at Carrow Road on Saturday."I think we deserved" the win, says the Canaries boss.
Crotone sealed their Serie A status for the first time in their history as they beat 10-man Lazio 3-1 to avoid relegation from the top of the table, despite having Bastos sent off in the final minute of extra-time at the Riccardo Calderini Stadium.
Alan Grant is to star in a film version of Guy Ritchie's 1970s TV series The Man from U.N.C.L.E, it has been reported, to mark the 50th anniversary of the first episode of the original series of the hit series.
Nigeria has fallen into recession, according to official figures, the first recession in more than two decades, as the country's economy shrank by 0.1% in the second quarter of the year, the worst performance since the global financial crisis in 2009.
(Close): Wall Street closed higher on Wednesday, with the S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes closing at record highs for the second day in a row, boosted by a rally in energy and financial stocks. US stocks closed higher as investors digested the latest batch of executive actions from the Trump administration.
Nicholas George Winton, who has died at the age of 105, was one of the few British people to be rescued by the Nazis during World War Two.In the days leading up to the outbreak of war, he played a key role in the rescue of hundreds of Jewish children from Nazi persecution.
The number of prisoners who escaped from prisons in England and Wales in 2016-17 was the highest since records began, according to official figures for the first year of 2017-18, it has been revealed in the first of a series of reports on the state of the justice system.
A £5 coin to mark Prince George's first birthday has been unveiled by the Royal Mint in honour of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge and his future king George VI and Queen Elizabeth II, to be struck in July.Â£5 coins will be struck for the first time since 1960.
The Great Exhibition of the North is to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead in 2018, it has been announced by the North East and South East of England Chambers of Commerce (NEOC) and the region's largest exhibition company, VisitNorthEast.co.uk.
The mother of a man who was stabbed to death in Dublin has appeared in court charged with his murder and has been remanded in custody pending a report to the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) for further action against her.Â£50,000 bail has been granted for her.
Juventus moved a step closer to winning the Serie A title for a record fourth successive season with a comfortable victory over Crotone in the semi-final first leg of the Coppa Italia final at the Stadio Olimpico in Turin.
Newcastle United clinched the Championship title with a comfortable win over Barnsley at St James' Park, ending the Tyne-Wear side's three-year wait for a first top-flight title in the process - and ending the Seagulls' hopes of promotion.
Two men have been charged with the murder of a man who died after being stabbed at a supermarket in Warwickshire, West Midlands Police have said in a press release on the day of his death from a suspected self-inflicted stab wound to the chest.
In the 1960s I gave a speech at a school debating competition in Leeds in which I asked the audience to raise their hands if they thought Yorkshire should be an independent state or should it remain part of the United Kingdom as part of a union with the rest of the UK.
Barratt Homes has announced plans to build more than 200 new homes at two new developments in the east end of Edinburgh in a bid to meet demand for new homes in the area over the next three years, it has said.Â£100m of funding has been secured for the development of two of the properties.
Britain's Jade Page won Olympic silver in the women's trampoline after finishing second in the semi-finals of the event in Rio on Saturday night to claim her first medal in an event other than the table diving event at the London 2012 Games in 2012.
Jamie Vardy scored twice as Leicester City beat Liverpool to move five points clear at the top of the Premier League with three games remaining.Â£50m-rated Claudio Ranieri's side moved to within three points of leaders Manchester City with victory at the King Power Stadium.
Historic England is calling for more information about ancient symbols carved into buildings to help protect people from witches and other evil spirits, as part of a campaign to mark the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's birth on Halloween Day on 5 October 2017 and the 800th anniversary in 1750.
The tall chimney at Didcot power station has been reported to have collapsed in the early hours of Sunday morning, prompting a number of people to take to social media to report sightings of the structure.Â£1m worth of scaffolding has been removed from the site.
Cross-Solent ferry services could be extended to the Isle of Wight, according to travel firm Hovertravel, which has said it is in talks with the council over plans to run a service on the island in the summer of 2016, subject to planning permission.
The number of scheduled cruise liner visits to Guernsey is expected to be at its lowest level for more than 30 years, according to the island's harbour master, following a "very poor year" in 2011.Investigations are under way into plans for a berth for the Channel Islands' largest cruise liner.
The man in charge of the Titanic Belfast visitors' centre has said it is important to make it easy for visitors to get to the attraction.Â£1m of investment is needed to improve the visitor experience, he has told BBC Northern Ireland's Inside Business programme.
A man who absconded from a mental health unit in Sussex and handed himself in to police in Manchester has been returned to hospital after spending a second night in a police custody unit in Greater Manchester, Sussex Police said on Monday.Â£20,000 of bail has been paid for his return to hospital.
The chief constable of Northumbria Police is to step down from her post after more than 10 years in charge of the region's largest police force, it has been announced.The force has said she is "immensely proud" of the way she has led it.
Hartlepool missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were beaten at home by Barnet, who moved to within two points of the play-off places with a 2-0 win at Prenton Park, which leaves them two points behind leaders Newport.
Sunderland midfielder Jan Kirchhoff has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury, the Championship club have confirmed to BBC Radio Solent news reports from the club's medical staff.Â£1.5m signing Mats Hummels has returned to training with the club.
Austria striker Niko Harnik has been ruled out of the World Cup qualifier against Slovenia on Saturday because of a hamstring injury. He will miss the 2018 World Cup qualifiers against Serbia and Slovenia on Tuesday and Wednesday because of the same injury, his club says.
Nottingham Forest manager Philippe Montanier says his side's FA Cup third-round tie against Doncaster Rovers will be "very important" in their bid to qualify for the Europa League for the first time in 20 years in 2017-18.Â£1.5m is at stake.
A plane has made an emergency landing at Edinburgh Airport after a technical fault with one of its two engines failed during take-off from Heathrow Airport Dumfries and Galloway on Friday afternoon, it has been confirmed by the airport's control tower staff who were on standby.
A sculpture of ceramic poppies at a sculpture park in Leeds has seen a 170% increase in visitor numbers since it was unveiled last year, it has been revealed, with organisers claiming it is attracting "tens of thousands" of people a year.Â£1m will be spent on the park this year.
Germany midfielder Thomas Hitzlsperger has become the first top-flight footballer to come out as gay, saying he is "courageous and correct" to do so after his retirement from football at the age of 35.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) Bayern Munich have offered him a job as a youth coach.
The PSNI has said it will form part of a review into all deaths linked to soldiers from a unit which carried out paramilitary-style patrols in Northern Ireland in the 1970s and 80s, following claims it was a "terror gang" operating in the area.
A dispersal order has been put in place in an Anglesey town following a series of anti-social incidents in the town centre over the past few weeks.Â£1,000 has been spent by police on a new scheme to deal with the problem.
A boxer who broke into his ex-girlfriend's home and punched her in the head and body has been jailed for more than two years.The boxer has been given a suspended sentence of 26 weeks in prison for assault and harassment and assault by beating and criminal damage.
The US says it has learned that jailed US Christian missionary Kenneth Bae has been sent back to a North Korean labour camp, amid reports he is being held there for the first time in more than a year, the BBC has learned from the Swedish embassy in Pyongyang.
Three seaside piers in Lancashire are being put up for sale with a guide price of around £12.6m, it has been revealed, with bids starting at £4.8m each and prices starting at around £5.5m.
South Africa are set to replace Placido Domingo as head coach for the tour of England in June and July, BBC Sport has learned from South Africa Cricket Board chairman Thami Mokululeko and the country's chief executive Ntumba Ntandile Masipa.
A security audit carried out in the wake of the TalkTalk hack has found flaws in the security systems of the UK's major internet service providers (ISPs) that could have been found before the attack on the telecoms firm.Â£1bn worth of data has been stolen from TalkTalk, it has emerged.
Online gambling companies are being taken to court by the UK's competition regulator after it found they were breaking the law by preventing customers from withdrawing their winnings quickly enough to cash in their bets, the BBC has learned in a joint investigation with the Gambling Commission (Gambling Commission).
An inquest into the death of singer Lil' Chris has been opened and adjourned into the cause of death of the reality TV star, who was found dead at his home in Suffolk, a day before he was due to perform at the Brit Awards in London.
Northern Ireland's 1-0 defeat by Poland in their opening Euro 2016 Group C game in Nice was a disappointing result, but there are some things we can take away from the game and we can look forward to our next game against Ukraine on Thursday night in Lyon.
Electrical shocks to the brain may improve maths skills, according to scientists at the University of California, Los Angeles, who have used a simple electrical current to stimulate a specific part of the brain for a small group of students.Researchers say they are "extremely excited" by the potential of the discovery.
The family of a university academic who died after being hit by a car in West Yorkshire have paid tribute to a "truly inspirational father" who "left his stamp" on all who met him and "lived on in all our hearts" in a statement.
The US National Security Agency (NSA) has been leaking documents that reveal it has access to millions of Americans' phone records, emails and social media accounts, as well as access to the servers of nine major technology companies, including Google, Facebook, Yahoo and Apple.
Rory McIlroy says he is struggling to recover from a stomach bug ahead of the first round of the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai, as he attempts to win the Race to Dubai title for a second time in three years for the first time.
Warwickshire batsman Ian Bell has stepped down as captain of his home county after less than a year in charge of the Bears' limited-overs side."It's been an absolute honour" to lead the Bears, says the former England batsman.
A policewoman has accused French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve of a "cover-up" over the Nice terror attack, saying she was "harassed" by him on the phone and told she had been ordered to report the presence of national police on the seafront.
Lewis Hamilton said his Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas deserved to win the Hungarian Grand Prix despite a "very, very odd" weekend at the Circuit de l'Amitie de laurent in Le Mans as his title hopes suffered a setback.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye, a former army doctor and close ally of President Yoweri Museveni, has been a thorn in the side of the government since the end of the 1980s bush war, which ended with the overthrow of Idi Amin's regime.
A Cardiff man fears for his pets' safety after he discovered a colony of giant "Tube web spiders" living in his garden and has asked for help to get rid of them out of his home.Â£1,000 worth of them have infested his garden.
Ulster Bank in Northern Ireland has reported a pre-tax profit of £1.6m for the year to the end of March, down from £2.1m a year earlier.The bank has said the performance was driven by "improved residential and commercial property market conditions".
A murder investigation has been launched after a man's body was found at a house in Belfast city centre, police have said in a press release from the Met Police and the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) in the city's west area of the city.
A Nobel laureate has apologised for saying he has "trouble with girls" in science, saying he meant to be "light-hearted" when he made the comments.The Royal Society has said it was "shocked" by the remarks made by one of its scientists.
The number of people in England needing help with simple household tasks such as washing and dressing is at its lowest level for more than a decade, official figures show, despite a £4.6bn cut to social care budgets since 2010.Â£1.5bn has been made in cuts to councils' budgets in the last five years.
A Bolivian air traffic control officer has said she tried to stop a plane carrying a Brazilian football team which crashed last week, killing most of its players.She has accused her superiors of pressuring her to alter a report before the flight, accusing her of being harassed and under pressure.
The trial has begun in China of seven members of a cult accused of beating a woman to death in a McDonald's drive-through in an attempt to recruit new members to their religion.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in damages has been awarded to the victim's family.
Katy Perry has said she wants "the best for Taylor Swift" - but that doesn't mean she's giving up on her feud with the pop star she calls "the fattest girl in the world" - and that's not the first time she's been caught up in one.
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in Cardiff Bay to pay their respects to the victims of the Paris terror attacks, which left 129 people dead and more than 200 injured in the French capital on Wednesday night and on Friday morning, including the gunman who carried out the attack.
Chesterfield have parted company with their director of football Les Turner by mutual consent after less than two years in the role, the League One club has announced.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the former chief executive, who has left the club.
The Welsh government has been criticised for refusing to publish an internal audit into the amount of money spent by civil servants on procurement cards worth more than £1.5m in the last three years, it has been claimed by the Welsh Conservatives in the assembly election campaign.
Plans to build a new film and television studio in Aberdeen have moved a step closer after the Scottish government agreed to provide funding and loans towards the cost of the project, BBC Scotland has learned from BBC Scotland's Panorama programme on the subject of a possible move to Scotland.
Prue Leith is to step down from her role as a judge on BBC Two's Great British Bake Off after 11 series, it has been announced. She has said she is "very proud" of the 11 banquets she has put together, but it is time for a change.
Abdallah El Said scored a late winner as Egypt beat Uganda 1-0 to secure a place in the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations and keep alive their hopes of reaching the last eight in Gabon for the first time since 1978.Ghana and Ghana are both through to the last 16.
Dog owners in Oxford could be banned from taking their pets for walks in parks and on leads under plans being considered by the city council in a bid to tackle pet fouling and littering in the city centre and on the streets of the town centre and the surrounding area.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at Zimbabwe's forthcoming elections, and how social media has played a key role in the country's struggle for power and survival.Â£1bn has disappeared from the nation's coffers, unemployment continues to soar and the drought is affecting all of southern Africa, writes Sevenzo.
The exhibition space at Staffordshire's University of the West is to close its doors to the public for the first time in more than 50 years, it has been announced in a bid to save £1.5m in council funding.Â£1m has been secured for the building's future.
A search and rescue operation is under way in Greenland after a tsunami hit the north-west of the country, the country's emergency management agency has told the BBC's Al Jazeera news agency.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) of rescue equipment has been deployed to the area.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A1 in Londonderry, police have told the BBC's News NI Today programme.The road has been closed in both directions following a crash involving a car and a lorry, which left the scene.
Theresa May is to meet US President Donald Trump "very shortly" for talks in Washington, the White House has said, as thousands of people took part in protests across the world.Â£1bn worth of goods will be sent to the US as a mark of respect for the UK.
The State Department tried to influence the FBI to change the classification of a classified email sent by Hillary Clinton while she was secretary of state, according to newly released FBI documents released by the US government's inspector general's office, the BBC has learned from the BBC.
London is the most expensive city in the world to live in for commuters, according to a survey of transport spending habits, with Zurich topping the list of the world's most expensive cities for travelcard prices, it has been revealed, with a price tag of more than double that of the capital.
Gillingham manager Keith Pennock says he would be happy to sign two or three new players before the transfer window closes at the end of the month if they are good enough players to succeed at Gillingham this season.Â£500,000 is the club's target to improve their squad.
Steam, the world's biggest video games retailer, has struck a deal with film studio Lionsgate to release video games for PC and Mac computers and mobile devices from next month, starting with the release of the Mad Max: Fury Road video game in May.Â
Mexican police have arrested several people suspected of helping to organise the escape of drugs lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman from a maximum-security prison last week, officials have said, in a major coup for the jailed drug lord, who escaped on Sunday.
Delays to the building of a new school campus in the Highlands have made it "unlikely" that it will be ready in time for the start of term time in October, Highland Council has said in a letter to the contractor for the £5.5m project.
The government is planning to increase the VAT paid by some small businesses which have a very low cost base, such as clothes shops and detective agencies, from 1 April 2017, as part of a package of changes to the way they account for their tax affairs, the BBC's Mark Lowen reports.
Making five traditional GCSE subjects compulsory for all pupils would be a "disaster" for some young people, the former head of Ofsted has said, as he questioned the government's plans for the curriculum shake-up in England's top performing state schools.
The Royal Navy's first aircraft carrier is to be based at Portsmouth for the first time, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has announced as part of plans to revamp the city's naval base ahead of the launch of the new aircraft carriers.Â£100m is being spent on revamping Portsmouth's jetty.
Police are continuing to search for a missing man from Edinburgh who has been seen in Manchester and London in the last 48 hours and is believed to have travelled to the capital by train.Â£10,000 has been raised for his family and friends in a bid to trace him.
Anglers and fishermen are being asked to help in the fight to save one of the world's rarest sharks from extinction by helping to monitor their numbers in Welsh waters, Natural Resources Wales has said in a new research project on behalf of the Welsh government and the Welsh Environment Agency.
A volcano in Hawaii in the US state of Hawaii has been spewing lava out of the top of a cliff and it's been spreading across the land.Â£1.5m worth of lava has been spread across the island of Oahu in the Pacific Ocean.
Lawyers for RTÉ and the Irish Times have asked the High Court to dismiss an injunction against the Republic of Ireland's richest man, which was granted by a judge earlier this month, as part of a dispute over the publication of comments made in the Dáil (Irish parliament).
Team Sky have withdrawn Sergio Henao from the 2017 Tour de France because of concerns about the Team Sky rider's biological data being submitted to the sport's anti-doping authorities."I know who I am," said the former world champion after being told he had been suspended.
A US aid worker who was held hostage in Syria for more than three years has been released, the US State Department says, after the Czech Republic helped secure his release on Saturday night, US media report, citing a Czech government official and the Czech embassy in the country.
A review into the murder of Belfast solicitor Patrick Finucane has found there was a "degree" of state involvement in his death, including RUC officers and Army intelligence officers who passed information to loyalist paramilitaries before he was shot dead by the UDA.
Ex-Dundee United States football manager John Wishart has called for a "proper and adult discussion" on gambling in Scottish football in the wake of two high-profile cases of alleged match-fixing in the past few weeks, saying the game is "suffering from poor headlines".
The white police officer accused of shooting and killing a black teenager 16 times in Chicago has pleaded not guilty to all charges in a case that has sparked a national debate about race relations between police and the city's police force and the US justice system in the US state of Illinois.
The Independent newspaper is to stop printing its print editions in March, its publisher has confirmed.The company that owns the title has confirmed it is to sell the title to Johnston Press, with the loss of up to 50 jobs, but said it will retain 25 editorial posts.
Newport County manager Justin Edinburgh has ended his interest in bringing in Gillingham midfielder Luke Byrne on loan until the end of the season.Â£1m-rated midfielder Paul Byrne will not be joining the League Two strugglers, BBC Wales Sport has learned.
The new plastic fiver is due to go into circulation in England and Wales later this month, and the Bank of England says it will be the first polymer banknote to be issued in the UK for more than 100 years, and it's expected to last an average of five years.
An Australian man who survived six days in the Australian outback eating ants has told how he survived by poking a stick into a nest of ants for food and then eating the ants himself to ward off thirst and thirst.Â£1,000 (A$1,200; $1,400) in ants.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side's 2-0 defeat at Liverpool shows they are "not ready to fight for the Premier League title" after losing for the first time in seven games this season.Chelsea's lead at the top of the table is a "big problem" for Spurs, says the Argentine.
Syrian government forces have recaptured the last rebel-held district of the central city of Homs, state media report, hours after reports that the area had fallen to government forces.The Syrian army says it has "complete control" of the area.The battle for Khalidiya is continuing.
Arsenal midfielder Granit Xhaka is understood to have been racially abused at Heathrow Airport on Monday evening, the BBC has learned from a member of staff at the terminal where the incident took place on board a flight from Germany to Heathrow on the same day he was sent off against Burnley.
Protesters in the breakaway Georgian region of Abkhazia have taken to the streets of the capital, Sukhumi, to demand the resignation of the country's de facto president, who is reported to have fled to the south-eastern town of Krasnodar.
An Indian woman has thanked the country's transport ministry for helping her after she used social media to find milk for her newborn baby girl, who was in need of a bottle for her to breastfeed in the middle of a railway station in the western state of Konkan.
Kasabian have been criticised for using the word "psycho" in a video for their new single featuring people pretending to be psychiatric inpatients in a bid to promote awareness of mental health issues in the UK and the wider world, it has been claimed.
Premier League clubs have denied allegations made in the Sunday Times that they used the services of a doctor accused of doping elite sportspeople, including Premier League leaders Chelsea and Chelsea's Chelsea, Chelsea and Leicester City, and Premier League rivals Arsenal and Birmingham City in the past six years.
A campaign to elect a directly-elected mayor for Cardiff is "not going to hit its target", a councillor has said.A regional mayor for south east Wales is "desperately needed", he has said, after the Welsh Government refused to allow online signatures.
The closure of two Royal Navy bases in Hampshire will have a "devastating" impact on the local economy, a council leader has said, as it vowed to fight the move to sell off the land for housing.Â£5m of land will be freed up to build 55,000 homes.
The Nigerian military says most of the girls abducted from a school in north-eastern Borno state on Tuesday have escaped from their captors, but there are conflicting reports about how many are still missing and how far they have gone on the run.The UN has condemned the "shocking" raid on the school.
Customs officials have raided a tobacco factory in Birmingham as part of an investigation into a suspected illegal importation of cigarettes into the UK from Brazil and Paraguay, it has been revealed to the BBC.Â£2.4m worth of tobacco has been recovered in the raid.
The way Surrey Police investigates serious crime is "not good enough", the chief inspector of police has said, following criticism of the way the force investigates serious crimes and delays in reaching convictions and prosecutions.Â£1.5m of taxpayers' money has been spent by the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) in the past year.
The BBC has confirmed it will shut down its iPlayer app in the United States on 26 June, as planned, after years of speculation about its future in the country and the future of the service in the US market as a result of a row with US pay-TV operators.
A Victorian funeral reception house used by families to bury their dead relatives has been given Grade II-listed status by the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) after it was described as a "ghoulish" and "absolutely fascinating" piece of Victorian history.
Iranian cartoonists have drawn comparisons between US President Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler in a contest to draw attention to what they see as the American president's "racist" and "anti-immigrant" views.Â£10,000 (Â£7,000) prize has been won in Iran.
Bernie Sanders has become the top trending topic on social media in the US after the Democratic presidential candidates' first debate in Iowa on Tuesday night, with the hashtag #demdebate topping the list of trending topics on Twitter and social media sites around the world.Â
Port Vale beat West Bromwich Albion to record their first win of the season in League One after a dramatic finish to a thrilling encounter at Port Vale Park on Tuesday night in the EFL Cup first round second-round replay at the Madejski Stadium, with both sides finishing with 10 men.
League Two side Accrington Stanley have signed Oxford United midfielder Michael Keane on a one-month loan deal.Â£20,000 has been paid in full-time wages.Â© BBC Radio Solent.com.au Â© Martin Keighley.
A woman has been left "very upset" after a raid on a house in the Scottish Borders in which a number of items worth thousands of pounds worth of antiques were stolen, it has been claimed by police.Â£10,000 worth of war medals have been taken.
Leaders of Scotland's political parties have been reacting to the news that six people have been killed and many more injured in an incident involving a lorry and a bus in Glasgow city centre on Christmas Eve, with many expressing their shock and sympathy for the victims and their families.
England won the World Rugby Under-20 Championship for the first time with a 24-3 victory over New Zealand in the final in Tbilisi, Georgia, to finish second in Pool B.Scotland and Scotland finished sixth and Ireland ninth.Â£1.5m winners.
Traffic on the M1 in Northamptonshire has been backed up for more than three hours after a lorry overturned on the southbound carriageway of the motorway, leading to a closure of the westbound section of the road.
Zacabana Abramovic has opened her latest show at London's Serpentine Gallery, where she has invited the public to "connect with her presence" and "be present" in a virtual "silence" for the first time in her career, the artist has told the BBC.
The Irish foreign minister has said there is a willingness on all sides of Northern Ireland's political crisis to "sit down and engage constructively" in talks aimed at restoring a power-sharing government in the coming weeks, but there is no sign of a breakthrough in talks.
An engineering firm in the Highlands has been given a £10m funding boost to create more than 300 new jobs, the first minister has been told during a visit to the company's headquarters.Â£3.5m funding has been announced.ÂÂ£1.5 million is to be invested in apprenticeships and training.
An 82-year-old woman who was found dead in her home in Fife has been named by police as a "vulnerable and elderly member of the community" who was murdered in a "brutal" attack in the early hours of the new year.
More than 1,000 people have been evacuated from their homes in Chile as a series of wildfires continue to rage across the South American country, with thousands of people still without power and thousands of homes still without water or power, officials have said, as emergency services remain at the scene.
The US has accused Israel of "deeply troubling" plans to build a new settlement in the occupied West Bank, accusing it of "furthering the occupation" of Palestinians and undermining the pursuit of peace in the Middle East by doing so in the region.
A High Court judge has ruled that the children of a couple arrested at the Eurotunnel terminal in Kent should return to their home in the north-east of England after their parents changed their views on Islam.The judge said he was "sufficiently satisfied" that their children's welfare will be in their best interests.
A statue has been unveiled in a Black Country park to mark the 100th anniversary of the Battle of the Factory Workers' Union (Bawdley) strike in which striking workers took industrial action for better pay and working conditions for the first time in the UK.
More than 600 young people who returned to Kenya from Somalia in the past two years have been unable to reintegrate fully into the country, a report by the International Organization for Migration (IOM) has said, citing a lack of security and limited options for reintegration.
A woman in her 50s has died following a two-vehicle crash in Ballymena, County Antrim, Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said.The woman who died is believed to be a woman from Londonderry in the Republic of Ireland.
Midwives in Northern Ireland have gone on strike for the second day in a row in a dispute over pay and conditions, with the longest stoppage in the history of the Royal College of Midwives' (RCM) in the health service in the UK.
Two 15-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of sharing indecent images of children via text and social network sites, police have said in a police force warning about the dangers of social networking sites such as Facebook and Twitter.Â£10,000 has been seized by officers in Tyneside.
A teenager has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a street attack in Essex, police have said.Flowers have been laid at the scene of the attack where he was found with stab wounds to his chest and later died in hospital.
A South Korean soldier has been sentenced to life in prison for killing four of his colleagues and wounding six others in an attack blamed on bullying, state media report, citing an army court-of-martial.The incident sparked a national outcry and sparked a debate about bullying in the military.
Toyota is to invest £100m to upgrade one of its plants in the UK to make more than 1,000 new models of car over the next five years, the company has said, as uncertainty over Brexit continues to hamper investment in the sector.
More public money is needed to improve grassroots football in Wales, a leading figure in the game has said.The lack of facilities is a "public health issue" which could lead to more people disengaging from physical activity, it has been claimed by the head of the sport's governing body.
The leader of South Africa's main opposition Democratic Alliance (DA) party has announced she is to stand down from her position.Â£1bn-a-year ($1.2bn; $1.4bn) in annual losses have forced her to announce her resignation.
Chris Eubank Jr has offered to hand over his British middleweight title belt as a "goodwill gesture" to Chris Blackwell after the former boxer's brain injury scare, saying he has "no hard feelings" towards the former champion's father, Nick Blackwell Sr.
A family in the US state of Alaska have been reunited with their dead son after a police mix-up led them to believe he had been killed in a car crash, only to discover he had actually been killed by another man with the same name and birthday.
League One side Braintree have signed QPR midfielder Jordan Ayew on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m is on the horizon for the player.Â€1.25m has been agreed for an undisclosed fee.
The Supreme Court has been told that the Scottish Parliament has no power to trigger the formal process of the UK leaving the European Union without consulting the Scottish government first, as the Brexit legal challenge continues in the UK's highest court.Â£1bn of legal arguments over whether Holyrood should have a say in the process have been "fatal to reliance on devolution legislation".
A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in Coleraine, County Londonderry, Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) have said in a press release on Wednesday.Â£20,000 has been seized by police in relation to his death.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams was not involved in the killing of ex-IRA official James Donaldson, a senior Garda (Irish police) officer has told the BBC's Focus on Crime programme on the BBC World News website (NKTV) on Friday.
A blue plaque has been unveiled to mark the work of a Scottish army medic who was sent to a Nazi concentration camp in World War Two to care for the sick and dying in the final days of the war, his son has said, saying it is a fitting tribute to his heroics.
A pipe bomb has been found in a car boot in the west end of Glasgow city centre, police have said in a statement to the BBC Scotland news website (link to see the full report on BBC Scotland).The device is not believed to be viable, Scotland Yard has said.
Nico Rosberg headed team-mate Lewis Hamilton as Mercedes dominated final practice at the Singapore Grand Prix, with the Briton unable to make up ground on his title rival in the second session of the race weekend in the city-state's Marina Bay paddock.
A Ceredigion nursery which was forced to close after a child was left unattended on a minibus has had a break-in at one of its buildings, it has been reported to the police and to the National Eisteddfod in Aberystwyth.
The owner of B&Q and Screwfix has agreed to sell a majority stake in its China business to Wumei Holdings, the country's biggest retail chain, in a deal worth £1.2bn.Â£1.3bn is to be paid for the B& Q's stake in the Chinese business.
Canada says it is "impossible" for the European Union to sign a landmark trade deal with Canada, after Belgium blocked the deal over fears it would damage the country's farmers and welfare standards in a region with a strong anti-globalisation streak and anti-EU sentiment.
Survivors of the Aberfan disaster in south Wales have told their stories at a conference to mark the 50th anniversary of the tragedy 50 years ago.Â£10,000 of donations have been made to a fund-raising appeal to help survivors of the disaster to attend.
The Last Samuri will carry 11st 10lb for the Grand National on Saturday as he attempts to become the first jockey to win the race at odds of more than 50-1 since 1974.The racecard has been released for the 2016 event, which is expected to be watched by millions of viewers.
Former professional footballer Jamie McKenzie has signed a deal to fight for the first time as a professional boxer in his home town of York, Northamptonshire, in November 2016, BBC Radio Cambridgeshire has learned in a live stream on BBC Radio Norfolk.
A rare bird of prey has been photographed with a plastic bag in its beak after it was found on a loch in a remote part of the Highlands, the RSPB has warned of the dangers posed by the plastic bags they pose to wildlife and the environment.
A man has been found dead in a street in Merseyside, prompting a murder investigation by the West Midlands Police Service of Investigation (WPSNI).Detectives have appealed for witnesses after the body of a man was discovered in a car park in the city centre.
Nottinghamshire has voted to leave the European Union, with more than half of the county's voters backing Brexit in the referendum, with the majority in the Nottinghamshire towns of Rushcliffe, Mansfield and Ashfield all backing the Leave side by a large margin.
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna to move back into second place in Serie A and set up a potential Champions League last-16 tie against Juventus in Turin next month with a win at the Olympic Stadium.
Audit Scotland has defended the Scottish culture secretary's decision to award a grant to the organisers of the T in the Park festival in Inverness last year, saying it was a "legitimate policy decision" and the Scottish government had the legal authority to do so.
Anthony Joshua has the "brutal" strength of George Foreman and Frank Bruno, says former world heavyweight champion Mike Harrison, who retired from boxing last year."He's got the steam train that is Anthony Joshua," says the former world champion of the United States.
The sudden death of the popular and charismatic former chief minister of the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu, J Jayalalitha, has left a political vacuum in the ruling party in the state, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Chennai, which has played a central role in Indian politics for more than two decades.
Police investigating the death of a man whose remains lay undiscovered for up to three years have said they have found a number of items at the site of his remains, including bracelets and a T-shirt from a George at Asda supermarket shop in Shropshire.
At least 100 Afghan soldiers have been killed in a Taliban attack on an army base in northern Afghanistan, the defence ministry has said, putting the death toll from Friday's attack at more than 100, including a top military commander and a US air strike at the top.
I'm really proud of the whole British Davis Cup team for getting through to the semi-finals at Queen's Club in Glasgow, and I'm looking forward to the next stage of the competition in Australia next month, where I hope we can win it for the first time.
The Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade is one of the last remaining centres of its kind in the Balkans, but it is closing its doors to new asylum seekers for the final time this week.As the Balkan route to western Europe closes, the BBC's Mark Lowen reports from the Serbian capital.
New Falkirk manager Peter Houston has set his sights on a top-four finish in the Scottish Championship after returning to the Bairns for the first time in 18 years as a player-coach and scout.Â£500,000-a-year player-manager.
A man has died after being found floating face-down in the River Tawe in Penlee, Cornwall, police have said, in what is believed to have been a drowning incident involving a man in his 70s.Â£20,000 of fishing equipment was involved.
Kilcoo held on to beat 10-man Scotstown 1-13 to 1-9 and set up a Ulster SFC semi-final meeting with Glentoran or Glenswilly thanks to a goal from Conor Johnston in the final minute of stoppage time.
Welsh triathlete Helen Jenkins says she hopes to be selected for Team GB's squad for the Rio Olympics after compatriot Non Stanford and fellow Briton Katie Holland were ruled out of selection for this summer's Games in the United States.Â£100,000 prize money is at stake.
The Republic of Ireland's taoiseach (prime minister) Enda Kenny is seeking re-election as leader of Fine Gael, the country's second largest party, after the ruling Fine Gael-Dáil (parliament) won't have a new leader to lead it into the next election.
A second inquest into the death of Poppi Worthington has been adjourned because her father has not been able to secure legal aid in time for the hearing due to take place next month, a coroner has said in a written submission to the Court of Appeal.
The US space company that flies the country's Atlas and Delta rockets has unveiled plans for a new rocket that will feature a new, all-American upper-stage and a lower-cost, lower-fueled rocket engine, both of which will be powered by the same engine.
The death of one of New York's best-known rap stars was caused by drug intoxication, according to a report in the New York Times, and not a single person has been charged with any crime in connection with his death, it has been claimed by his lawyer.
Rotherham United manager Billy Saunders says he is investigating claims that striker Mame Biram Diouf was seen in a nightclub hours before the club's last game of the season, but the player has denied the claim to BBC Radio Sheffield's Sportscene programme.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes insists his side are not intimidated by the prospect of facing favourites Maribor in Thursday's Europa League qualifier against the Dusseldorf-based side."I'm happy to deal with the underdog tag," says the Pittodrie boss.
Europe's Henrik Stenson and Justin Rose will play together for the second day in a row in the foursomes at the Ryder Cup in Minnesota on Saturday, as the United States stick with the same pairings that beat them in Friday's fourballs.
Belfast's office rents are continuing to rise but are still well below the UK average, according to a new report on the city's commercial property market, despite a shortage of prime office space in the city and a lack of new buildings in the area.
Last month, the world's worst nuclear accident in living memory happened at Three Mile Island, in the far east of the Soviet Union, near the site of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in 1986, which killed more than 20,000 people and left millions of people with severe radiation sickness.
A police helicopter was targeted by a laser pointer while it was flying over Northamptonshire, the National Police Air Service (NPAS) has said, with one of its pilots describing it as a "laser attack" on his aircraft's headlight.
An artificial intelligence system that can read lips has been developed by Oxford University researchers who claim to have developed the world's first machine lip-reader.Â£1.5m research has been published in the journal Science Robotics and Theory & Theory.Â©.
Theresa May has been trying to reassure the world that the UK is still 'bold' and 'outward looking' in the run-up to the UK's vote to leave the European Union, and that she wants to make the case for the UK to stay in the EU.
Scientists in Australia say they have found a way to stop the spread of cane toads, which have devastated the country's native lizard population by eating their way to the brink of extinction in the wild and then killing the animals with a single mouthful of the toad.
Pakistan coach Waqar Younis Khan says he has "no doubts" about his players' ability despite the International Cricket Council's (ICC) decision not to investigate their Test defeat by England for match-fixing allegations against his team in Sharjah.
Google is to stop running 30-second adverts on YouTube videos, in a bid to cut down on the number of times viewers are forced to sit through them in a row.Â£1bn-worth of adverts will be removed from YouTube by the end of the year.
Wales have called up midfielders Chris Chester, James Dummett and Scott Matthews for the Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium in Cardiff on Saturday, 5 June, as well as striker Andy King and Sam Robson-Kanu, who have been called up for the first time.
A judge is expected to issue a judgement later on Monday in a case over a Christian-run bakery's refusal to make a cake for a Muslim customer with a cartoon of the Prophet Muhammad printed on it, a court has been told by a lawyer for the company.
Athletics' world records could be wiped from the books if new proposals are accepted by the sport's governing body, the European Athletics ruling council has said, but one of its members has criticised the move as "heavy handed" and "confusing to the public".
A man accused of being forced to work as a slave for £50 a day was allowed to live in a garage with his family, the Old Bailey has been told by one of the men accused of forcing him to do so, his father-in-law has said.
A 25-year-old woman has died in hospital following a two-vehicle crash in Belfast city centre earlier this week, in which a man in his 20s was also seriously injured, police have said on social media site Facebook.Â£50,000 has been raised for the family of a woman who died.
A new museum dedicated to the history of rugby has opened its doors to the public for the first time in the sport's history, with the launch of a new hall of fame dedicated to players, coaches and administrators who have helped the sport to the next level.
The first female head of the Royal Military Academy at Sandhurst has said it is an "enormous privilege" to be in charge of one of the world's most prestigious military academies, despite being a "traditional male-dominated" place of work.
Jewellery worth thousands of pounds has been stolen during an armed robbery at a Teesside jewellers which police believe was linked to an earlier raid in Yarm in which jewellery worth more than £500,000 was stolen in the north-west of England.
Paul Stirling and Sam Robson hit centuries as Middlesex dominated day one against Yorkshire at Lord's, with the visitors struggling on a rain-hit opening day.Â£1.5m-winning start to their County Championship Division One match.Â© BBC Radio Leeds.
A blind woman has been blinded in one eye after two teenage boys pointed a laser pen at her as she walked along a Glasgow street, police have said in a renewed appeal for information.Â£1,000 reward has been offered for information after the attack.
A man accused of murdering his nine-year-old grandson had a "callous" personality disorder and was unable to feel guilt, a psychiatrist has told a court in a murder trial for the boy's alleged father-in-law's alleged killer, who is now in hospital.
The US economy added fewer jobs than expected in May, but the unemployment rate fell to its lowest level in more than a decade, official figures show, in what is seen as a sign of a slowdown in the economy's recovery from a slow start to the year.
Reading midfielder Paul McAnuff says he would like to leave the Championship club at the end of the season if he was not offered a new deal with the newly-promoted Championship club on a permanent basis, despite missing out on a place in the starting line-up.
The average number of steps taken by people in a country is the lowest in the world, according to a huge study of smartphone data from more than 700,000 people in more than 150 countries and counting them as a single day for the first time.The findings could help explain why obesity is so high in some countries, say researchers.
The provider of the troubled NHS 111 service in England has said it is pulling out of almost half of the contracts it won to run the service in the first three months of its operation.The BBC has learned that it is seeking to take over the remaining nine regional contracts.
Plans for a new justice centre in Inverness have been submitted to the Scottish government for planning permission and construction work to start in the next 12 months, BBC Scotland has learned.Â£3.5m is to be spent on a new court complex in the city.
Cardiff City director of football Mehmet Dalman says Russell Slade "knows the score" in the wake of the club's financial problems, but insists the "jury's out" on the manager's future.Â£12m-rated Cardiff City boss has been told to "cut his cloth accordingly" by the club.
The High Court has ruled in favour of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in a case brought by the retailer Next over a tax avoidance scheme that it used to avoid paying tax on profits made in the UK to its overseas subsidiary, HM Revenue & Customs.
The Banksy Museum has been shortlisted for the South Bank Sky Arts Awards, which honour the UK's outstanding achievement in art, music, film and performance arts of the past 20 years, among other categories, including the visual arts category for Banksy's Magna Carta.
A man who tried to stop the gunman who killed MP Jo Cox has been awarded the George Medal for bravery in the wake of the attack.Two police officers who chased the gunman have also been awarded medals for their actions, the Queen's Birthday Honours list has revealed.
A Scottish Paralympic gold medallist who had a tumour removed from his spine has said he is "relieved and relieved" after being shown a scan that shows it is not as bad as he feared it had been for the past two and a half years.
As the investigation into the Manchester suicide bombing continues, the BBC News website takes a look at the challenges faced by the security services and police in the wake of Monday's attack, and how they are handling the huge task of finding the killer and bringing the perpetrators to justice.
Guy Martin will not compete in this year's Ulster Grand Prix de l'Amitie at Dundrod despite being invited to take part in the race for the first time since 2012, it has been announced on Monday.Â£1.5m is at stake for the 2017 event.
Cynthia, the only survivor of Thursday's attack on Garissa's Garissa University College in north-eastern Kenya, was still in shock when I asked her if she was alright, and she replied: "Yes, I am fine, thank you."
The price of carbon permits - a key component of the EU's carbon market - has fallen below 5 euros ($6.8 euros; £4.6 euros) a tonne for the first time this year, as a result of oversupply in the carbon market.
Ghana's government has fined a private contractor $1.5m (Â£1.2m) for overspending on refurbishing and branding a fleet of buses in a bid to boost the country's flagging economy, the state-run Ghana Chronicle reports.
French police have arrested four people suspected of being involved in the recruitment of jihadists in a series of raids in Paris and Marseille, the interior minister has said, as he vowed there would be "no respite" in the fight against the threat of Islamist terrorism.
The Hillsborough disaster was the worst football disaster in British football history, with 96 people killed and more than 1,000 injured, most of them seriously, in the 1989 FA Cup final at the stadium in Sheffield, the inquests into the deaths of 96 people have heard.
A forensic scientist who led two searches for the remains of the Disappeared in West Yorkshire has died suddenly, the BBC has been told by the family of one of the men he worked with in the search for 18 victims of the Troubles in the 1970s and 80s.
Plans to test drill for shale gas in Nottinghamshire have been submitted to the county council, despite opposition from a wildlife campaign group who say the noise and vibration of the operation would be "devastating" to birds and other wildlife, it has been claimed.
The mother of a baby boy who had surgery to remove a plastic angel from his throat after he regurgitated food has said she is "traumatised" by the ordeal and has "completely lost faith" in the NHS in the UK and the US.
Malaysia has cancelled a concert by US rapper and singer Badu after a photo of her with tattoos of the word "Allah" written on her body was published in a national newspaper.The government says it was not aware of the tattoos when it approved the concert.
A loggerhead turtle which washed up on British beaches has died after being cared for at an aquarium in Cumbria.The owner of the reptile has said it was "not really enough to recover" from its injuries to make a "50/50" chance of survival.
It's been an eventful 12 months for me as England women's captain, but I'm looking forward to another busy 12 months in charge of the national team.Here's a look back at some of the highlights of my time in charge this year.Â© BBC Sport
Wigan Warriors have completed the signing of England full-back Sam Tomkins from Premiership champions Saracens on a three-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the Super League club's current deal, subject to a work permit.
Sheffield Wednesday midfielder Luke Wildsmith has signed a new five-year contract with the Championship club.Â£1.5m has been signed for the 2017-18 season.Â© BBC Radio SheffieldÂÂ© Carlisle United Â© Getty Images.
Carlisle United manager Kevin Cox says the club may need to "be patient" in their bid to re-sign striker Luke Cook."He doesn't want to sign for another Conference club," says the Cumbrian club's director of football Les Cook.
Luke Procter's maiden first-class century put Lancashire in a commanding position on day two against Hampshire at Old Trafford, with the visitors facing a daunting task to avoid a heavy defeat at Headingley on the final day of their County Championship Division One match.
England captain Dylan Hartley says his side must improve further if they are to become the first side to win a Test series in Australia for the first time in 20 years and reach the top of the world rankings."We put a lot of pressure on ourselves to play the perfect game," says the captain.
A giant panda at Hong Kong's Ocean Park is due to give birth to her first cub, zoo officials have said, after being artificially inseminated and carrying a foetus for more than a year.Â£1m worth of equipment has been used to prepare the animal for the birth.
The death toll from a fire at a nightclub in Bucharest on Friday has risen to 36, Romanian officials say, bringing the number of people killed in the blaze to at least 39.5.â€‚¬3.5m (Â£2.6m; $3.4m).
A woman has admitted killing a man who was found stabbed to death in Lincolnshire after a night out in the town where he worked as a bouncer at a racecourse, a court has been told in a plea of guilty to his manslaughter by reason of insanity.
A hospital trust has been ordered to pay £3.5m to the family of a baby girl who was left brain-damaged after she was delivered by emergency caesarean section without a Caesareal section, a judge has ruled.Â£1.6m will be used to buy a family home and install a hydrotherapy pool.
A nine-year-old boy should be taken into foster care after concerns were raised about the long-term future of his great-great-uncle, a family court judge has ruled in a case involving his mother and his father, a council has said.
The family of a woman who was stabbed to death in her own home have lost a Supreme Court battle over a police failure to respond to her 999 call before she was killed by a man who threatened to kill her with a knife.Â£1m compensation claims have been thrown out by the court.
Facebook has been told to explain in detail how it uses the data it collects about its users, in a report by Belgium's data protection watchdog, which has accused the social network of "tramples on European and Belgian privacy laws" by refusing to give "complete answers".
ITV drama Downton Abbey is to return for a sixth series, it has been announced.Producers have confirmed to Newsbeat that the show will return for at least one more series, with a new cast of actors, including Hugh Bonneville and Kim Kardashian and Kanye West.
Chancellor Philip Hammond and Prime Minister Theresa May have insisted they will still be "neighbours" after the general election, despite reports of a rift between the two senior figures."We have worked together for many years," the chancellor has said, while the PM said she was "very happy" to do so.
Community health watchdogs in Wales say they have been described as the "best kept secret" in the health service and are looking to work more closely with other public bodies to improve public awareness of their work and how they can help patients and patients in Wales' care.
HBO has cancelled its drama series Vinyl, starring Sir Mick Jagger and Martin Scorsese, after its first season was watched by just over 700,000 viewers in its first week of broadcast.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m)
The number of children in Northern Ireland who contacted Childline last year with suicidal thoughts has more than trebled in the past five years, the charity has said, with an average of one child a day contacting the charity each day in the region for help.Across the UK, the number of youngsters contacting its helpline has increased by more than 50%.
Plans for a new £10m lifeboat station in Scarborough have been given the go-ahead by councillors in the North Yorkshire seaside town's town centre on the Isle of Wight, it has been announced on Monday.The RNLI has said it is "excited" about the new building.
American Michael Phelps set a new world record to win the 200m individual medley title at the Texas Swimming National Championships for the second time in three days on the same day in 24 hours on Saturday.Â£1.5m-worth of gold medals were won in the same event on Friday.
A firecracker was thrown at Lyon goalkeeper Pepe Lopes during his side's French Ligue 1 match at Metz on Saturday, leaving the player with a head injury and needing hospital treatment for the injuries he suffered in the incident.The game was abandoned after a second device exploded in the crowd.
A man has been arrested after two men died when the car they were travelling in collided with a lorry in Staffordshire in the early hours of Saturday morning, police have said, leaving a third man injured in hospital with "multiple injuries".Â£20,000 worth of drugs have been seized.
Margo MacDonald has launched a new bill to legalise assisted suicide in Scotland, saying she hopes it will be a "game-changer" in the debate over euthanasia and assisted dying in other parts of the UK and North America and the United States.
The Baltimore Orioles baseball game against the Washington Nationals on Tuesday was played without fans for the first time since violent protests over the death of a black man in police custody led to rioting in the city earlier this month, US media reported on Monday.The game was played in front of zero paid attendance.
The idea that there is no such thing as a boy or a girl, or a man or a woman, is becoming more common in many parts of the world, but is it time to re-think the way we think about gender and gender fluidity?
Swiss voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide whether to change the country's immigration policy, in a referendum that could have far-reaching consequences for the Swiss economy, and for EU workers in the country, as the BBC's Mark Lowen reports from Zurich.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital after a two-vehicle crash on the A465 Hereford Road in Monmouthshire on Wednesday afternoon, the Welsh Ambulance Service has said, but her condition is said to be stable after she was taken to hospital with serious injuries.
Ferguson Shipbuilders has been sold to Clyde Blowers Capital for an undisclosed sum, with the new owner, James McColl, promising to "build on its heritage" and "grow a successful shipbuilding and marine engineering business on the Clyde" in the future.
In Port Talbot, the steelworks that once powered the whole of the town's economy are still smouldering in the shadow of the old chimney stacks and the old steelworks where hundreds of thousands of people worked and earned their livelihoods 25 years ago, but they are long gone.
A man who pushed a teenage boy and girl who had just arrived at school and called them "extremists" has been jailed for eight years.A man linked to radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence.
Prison is becoming a "punitive holding operation" for people growing older and sicker behind bars, according to a report by the Prison Service's Trust for Older People's Rights (Prisons) and the Prison Reform Policy Centre (Pristine).
A 33-year-old man has been charged after a petrol bomb was thrown at the entrance to a pharmacy in west Belfast, causing damage to a car and injuring a police officer and a car parker on the street outside the premises.Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Rescue workers in Indonesia are continuing to search for survivors of a powerful earthquake that struck off the coast of Aceh province, killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 100 others, officials say.The death toll from the disaster has risen to more than 200.
Tomasz Grimsley scored a hat-trick as Armagh beat Louth 3-13 to 0-13 in the Division Three Football League Division Three game at Corrigan Park.Antrim and Louth both won despite having two men sent-off.
A woman in Paris has become the first person in France to sue the state over air pollution, accusing it of failing to protect her from severe asthma and heart problems caused by the smog in the French capital, French media report, citing her doctor's testimony.
Defending champions Germany were knocked out of the Women's Euro 2017 in the quarter-finals as Denmark came from behind to beat them 2-1 in the rain-delayed quarter-final at the tournament in Rotterdam on Sunday night and set up a semi-final against Austria.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he is "absolutely in favour of equal access under law for all people whatever their sexuality" as he defended his stance on same sex marriage in the first TV interview since he was elected to the job in May.Â£1bn is to be spent on equal marriage, he has said.
A German privacy activist is taking Facebook to the High Court in Dublin to challenge the social network's data-sharing arrangements with the US government in the wake of a landmark ruling by the European Court of Justice (ECJ) in a similar case earlier this month.
Birmingham City boss Gary Rowett has signed a new one-year contract with the club's longest-serving player-coach, Robbie Robinson, to keep him at the club until the end of the season, with the option of a further 12 months.
Firefighters have been called to homes in Dorset where over-the-counter insecticide devices have been used to control flies, the fire service has said, amid concerns they could be used as a "firework with insecticides" instead of a warning device.
The Polish government has declared a state of emergency in the Bialowieza forest after severe storms brought down thousands of trees and damaged tens of thousands of homes in the country's capital, Warsaw, and in the surrounding region, killing dozens of people and damaging thousands more.
The Department of Education (DEL) has decided to use its own budget to fund the redundancy of more than 200 further education staff in Northern Ireland, in the absence of a voluntary exit scheme being agreed for all public sector staff in the whole of the public sector.
Forfar Athletic moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic with a 2-0 win over Berwick Rangers at East End Park, while Edinburgh City came from behind to beat Annan Athletic 2-1 at McDiarmid Park.
All original interview notes for four Londonderry men who were wrongly accused of murdering a police officer in the 1970s have gone missing, the High Court has been told by lawyers for the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) for the first time in almost 30 years.
Councils should be given the power to sponsor struggling schools to help them improve, say local authority leaders, in a bid to tackle "unnecessary red tape" and "obstruction" in the academy sector, says the local government leaders' body.Â£1bn of public money should be freed up for local authorities to sponsor schools, it says.
Taking an average of 40mg daily dose of cholesterol-lowering drugs such as statins could prevent more than 1,000 heart attacks and strokes over five years, a review of available evidence has suggested, but it is not yet clear if they are safe or effective.
Astronaut Tim Peake has returned to Earth after a six-month mission to the International Space Station, the first American to return to Earth from the space station since 2001, Nasa has said in a press conference in Houston, Texas, on Saturday morning (US time).
Romania won their first gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's team epee final, beating defending champions China in the final in the Olympic fencer's team event in the pool stage in the Rio de Janeiro Games on Sunday.Â£1.5m
A so-called "toxin tax" on diesel cars is to be introduced across the UK in a bid to tackle air pollution, the home secretary has announced.The government has said it will scrap a lower vehicle tax introduced by Gordon Brown in 2001 to encourage people to buy diesel cars.
Dundee manager Grant McCann says the club need help to identify new players for next season as he looks to strengthen his squad before the new campaign gets under way in the new Scottish Premiership season starts on Tuesday."We need help," says the Dens Park boss.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) president Thomas Bach says he has no regrets over his decision not to impose a blanket ban on Russian athletes at the Rio 2016 Games in the wake of the country's doping scandal, but admits the fight for clean sport will not be an easy one.
Former Wales and British and Irish Lions scrum-half John Faull has died at the age of 83, his family has said.He was a member of the Welsh Rugby Union's World Cup winning team in 1959 and played for Newport Gwent Dragons in the 1960s.
Economic growth in India has been a mixed bag, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey Kannan in Delhi, with sceptics and the optimistic arguing that it has been good for the poor and the middle classes, while the poor have enjoyed a golden era.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is "a little worried" about his fitness ahead of his return to competitive golf after a 15-month lay-off, but believes he can handle the demands of the new season ahead of him in the United States this year.
A woman has described the moment a man opened the door to her house in west Belfast and shot a man in the leg, in what police have described as a so-called "punishment attack" on the streets of the city centre in the early hours of the morning.
The FBI has arrested a man living in Thailand and charged him with helping to run the Silk Road website, which sold illegal drugs on the dark web, US authorities have said in a press conference in Washington DC on Wednesday night (US time BST/UK time on Thursday).
David Fox's second-half strike gave promotion-chasing Plymouth victory at Mansfield as the Pilgrims ended a run of three straight League Two defeats with a 2-1 win at the Proact Stadium to move to within a point of second-placed Huddersfield.
The final leg of the Rugby Sevens World Series takes place in Paris this weekend, with England hoping to secure the title of world champions for the first time in the competition's history by beating Samoa in the final tournament in Paris.Â£1.5m is at stake.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he hopes the club will not be relegated again for "quite a while" after clinching the Scottish Championship title with a 3-0 win over Motherwell at Hampden on Sunday.BBC Scotland Sport Scotland takes a look at the club's prospects for next season.
A man whose body was found in a Sussex nature reserve has been confirmed as a hang glider who died in a crash, police have said in a police report to the coroner's court in the city where he was last seen on the Shoreham seafront.
Cardiff City defender Sean Morrison says the Bluebirds have to "learn lessons now for next season" after conceding late goals in the last 10 minutes of each of their last three Championship games this season."It has been devastating," says the 25-year-old.
Zambia coach Michael Chambeshi believes his side have the "strength and power" to beat Germany in their final Group C match at the Under-20 World Cup."We have to respect them," says the Zambian coach ahead of Wednesday's game.
The US has imposed sanctions on seven Venezuelan officials, including the head of the oil company PDVSA, in response to President Nicolás Maduro's plan to hold controversial elections for a new assembly in the coming days, the Treasury Department has said, in a warning to the Venezuelan leader.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych has held talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi to discuss forming a closer economic partnership with Russia, his office says, amid continuing anti-government protests.Â£1bn-a-day protests in the country continue to rattle the government.
French police have begun evicting Roma (Gypsies) from a camp on a former railway line in Paris, in a move condemned by Amnesty International and the Council of Europe as "counter-productive" for Europe's largest Roma (formerly known as Gypsies).
BBC presenter Jon Snow has backed a campaign to save a ferry service in Hampshire which is believed to be the oldest running pier train in the world, it has been claimed, with the help of a community group and a lottery grant from BBC Radio 4's Today programme.
The family of a man who died when he was hit by a lorry in a head-on crash have launched a fundraising drive to buy land for an outdoor centre in his honour and use it as a centre of excellence for young people's mental health and wellbeing.
Pink Floyd legend Syd Barrett will be honoured with a garden dedicated to him in his home city of Cambridge, according to the man who helped design it - and the artist who knew him as a pupil at the city's art school in the 1960s and '70s.
Philippine presidential candidate Rodrigo Duterte has been condemned for making jokes about the rape and murder of a US missionary in a prison in the 1990s in a video posted online on Sunday night by his campaign team and posted on YouTube on the same day he is due to appear in Davao.
Former Prime Minister Sir John Major has been accused of "dismissing democracy" after he called for a second referendum on the UK leaving the EU, in a row over the role of Parliament in the Brexit process, the BBC has heard from two ex-leaders of the campaign.
A competition to take the best photograph of the day in Bristol has been won by a group of photographers who have been taking pictures of the city over the past two weeks in a bid to raise awareness of Bristol's "night sky" and its "electric lights".
The number of GCSE and A-level exam papers sent back for being re-marked in England, Wales and Northern Ireland rose by almost a quarter in 2015, according to official figures released by the exams watchdog.Head teachers' leaders have warned that the marking system is "creaking under the strain".
Boeing has reported a fall in sales and profits for the final three months of 2016, as demand for its military planes continued to decline and demand for commercial aircraft continued to slow.The company has warned that revenues are likely to fall further in 2017, despite a strong performance in the fourth quarter.
Coleraine rower David Cassells won the Irish lightweight pair title at the European Rowing Championships in Lucerne on Sunday as David Scrimgeour from County Londonderry took silver in the men's single sculls and Peter Chambers took gold in the British four.
Australia beat India by an innings and 88 runs to win the first Test and take a 2-0 lead in the five-match series with a 3-0 win in the first match of the three-match one-day international series in the Indian city of Visakhapatnam.
Online universities are going to offer full degree courses within five years, the head of one of the world's biggest online university providers says - but they have been held back by a perceived image of impersonal online learning as a "cosy armchair" with lecturers and webcams.
Last year's Cheltenham Champion Stayers' Hurdle winner Mr Big won the Irish Grand National for the second year running at the Curragh on Friday night (19:00 GMT) in a thrilling finish.Â£1.5m prize money was awarded to the winner, who was ridden by Ryan Moore.
The Irish Travelling community has been genetically isolated from the rest of the world for much longer than previously thought, according to a study published in the journal Science journal on Thursday.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured for a study of DNA from 42 Irish Travellers.
Work to stabilise a section of the Highland bypass which was closed after a series of landslides is to continue for the next few weeks.Â£100,000 worth of repairs have been carried out to the road in the area, Highland Council has said.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the deaths of a man and a woman at a Dundee flat in the early hours of the morning on Christmas Day, police have said.Detectives have said they are treating the deaths as "suspicious".
Great Britain's Tom Bishop and Phil Benson won gold in the men's triathlon at the European Championships in Baku, Azerbaijan, as Alistair Brownlee and Jonny Brownlee missed out on a place in Team GB's squad for next year's Rio Olympics.
The Burrell Museum in Edinburgh is to reopen to the public in 2020, the city council has announced.Â£5m of funding has been secured for the project to transform the historic building into a museum of "national significance" and "the best quality in the world".
A project to restore a bend in a river in Cumbria has seen a rise in the number of salmon and trout returning to the area, the RSPB has said, following a three-year restoration project that cost £1.5m and cost £500,000.
Yemen's national airline, Yemenia, has been charged over the 2010 plane crash off the coast of the Comoros Islands in the Indian Ocean that killed all 150 people on board, French media report, citing an investigation by the French government and the Comorian authorities.
Louisiana Governor Bobby Jindal has come up with a prescription for the Republican Party's image problem - and it's a pretty good one, at least for a politician who has spent a lot of time in the public eye in the last few years trying to repair the damage caused by Mitt Romney's election defeat.
Brazilian Marta has become the first female world player of the year to be signed by Major League Soccer club Orlando City after agreeing a deal to join the Orlando Pride.Â£3.5m (4.8m euros) from FC Rosengard in Sweden.
Scottish Labour's Jim Murray has claimed victory for his party in the UK general election, as the SNP lost all but one of its four seats in Edinburgh to the Conservatives and the Lib Dems in the capital's capital city centre and the North East of Scotland.
Salford Red Devils head coach Paul Frayssinous has left the Super League club by mutual consent after their relegation to the Challenge Cup second tier.Â£500,000 in compensation has been paid to the club's players and staff by the Rugby Football League's governing body.
Monaco's Prince Jacques has become the first member of the royal family to be born since the birth of twin girls, Gabriella and Jacques, his sister Charlene, and her husband, Prince Albert II, have been announced by the French royal family.
A new maternity clinic for women who have experienced sexual violence is to be set up at the Royal London Hospital to help them cope with the trauma of giving birth to their own babies and dealing with the aftermath of an attack, it has been announced.Â£1m funding has been secured for the first service of its kind in the UK.
Northern Ireland sprinter Eilidh Foster qualified for the semi-finals of the women's 100m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow but Jason Smyth and James Reid were unable to reach the last eight as they both failed to make it through to the quarter-finals.
More than 20 people have been arrested after clashes between far-right and anti-fascist protesters in Maidstone, Kent, police have said, following a second day of anti-racism demonstrations.Â£20,000 worth of weapons have been seized by officers.
Banks and accountants who help people evade tax should face fines of up to £500,000 a year, Treasury minister Danny Alexander has said, as he unveiled plans to make it a crime to help tax evaders avoid paying their fair share of tax.
South Africa's Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan has said the country is in "crisis" and that the country cannot borrow money it does not have to fund growth until it generates more revenue from tax increases and cuts in government spending and tax rises, as he unveiled austerity measures.
UKIP's only MP has said it is "important" that Nigel Farage takes a break as leader of the party, but has not called for him to quit as party leader himself, saying he would find it "impossible" to lead the party at the same time.
The Wedgwood Museum's collection has been sold for £1.5m after a campaign to save it from being liquidated following the collapse of its parent company Waterford Wedswood plc, administrators have said, after the sale was approved by the High Court.
The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia is one of the world's largest countries, with a population of 28.7 million and an estimated $1.2 trillion (Â£1.1 trillion) in reserves. It is the largest economy in the Middle East and has the highest per-capita internet use in the region.
The number of children in the UK being bullied online has more than doubled in the past year, a charity has said.The number calling its helpline for help with cyber-bullying has gone up by more than 50% in a year, it has revealed.
A 15-year-old girl has been sexually assaulted in a car in Hertfordshire, prompting a police appeal for help to find the driver of a vehicle used in the attack.Police have released an E-fit image of a man they want to speak to.
Six swans have been run down and killed by a car in County Fermanagh, leaving their mother and five of their siblings dead.The RSPB has appealed for information after the deaths of the swans in a suspected hit-and-run incident.
Villagers fighting to save a Corn Exchange from being turned into a supermarket have agreed a deal with the pub chain to buy it for £300,000, subject to a contract being signed by Punch Taverns in County Antrim on Monday.Â£300,00 has been pledged to refurbish the building.
The prime minister's speech on Wednesday was the first major intervention by the prime minister on the future of sport in England's schools since the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympics in Rio de Janeiro.There has been a lot of focus on the role of schools in promoting sport in schools.
The number of sexually transmitted infections (STIs) diagnosed in England has risen sharply, with syphilis and gonorrhoea infections on the rise, new figures show, with experts warning of a "dramatic rise" in the number of people being diagnosed.
Britain's Chris Froome missed out on the chance to win the Vuelta a Espana after crashing in a crash in the final threekm of the race in the Spanish city of Celta Vigo on Sunday night, finishing 32 seconds behind the race leader.
BBC Radio 2 presenter Jeremy Vine has offered his support to a teenager who was filmed being savagely punched by a group of teenage bullies in Romford, Essex, in a video posted on social media on Monday."I was a sensitive young teen, always trying and failing to be coolâ€¦ never athletic enough, never hip enough, crazy hair, with uncool parents," he told the teenager.
Co-operative housing could help solve the housing crisis in Wales, according to a new report by a think-tank in Cardiff and the Confederation of Co-operative Housing Associations in the UK and the rest of the world, and could help to solve some of the country's biggest problems.
The busiest summer traffic day of the year is expected to be recorded at Prestwick Airport on Anglesey this weekend, the airport operator has said, as it prepares to deal with the busiest summer day of its life so far in the UK's airspace history.
Technology giant Hewlett-Packard has said it will cut another 20,000 jobs as part of a plan to cut costs and simplify its business.Â£1.7bn-worth of costs will be cut over the next three years, the company has said.
Partick Thistle secured their Premiership status for next season with victory over Motherwell at Fir Park, leaving the Jags seven points clear at the top of the table with three games remaining..... away to Kilmarnock in the final game of the season.
Ambulance handover times at accident and emergency departments in Yorkshire have risen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to new figures.A&E staff spent more than three times as much time handing patients back to the ambulance service as they did in the previous year.
Two men have appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was shot in the head in an Oxfordshire town centre on New Year's Eve, leaving her with a fatal injury to the head.Â£50,000 bail has been set aside for them.
Christopher Hogwood, the British conductor and musicologist who founded the Academy of Ancient Music, has died at the age of 83.Â£1.5m has been donated to the National Institute of Music for Performing Arts in London, it has been announced.
A female lion cub has been found in the cage of Dana, the first of six animals to be brought to a wildlife reserve in the US state of Washington to give birth to a cub, animal welfare experts have confirmed to the Associated Press (AP) news agency.
George Osborne is in Berlin for talks aimed at securing German support for the UK's bid to reform the European Union, in his first visit to Germany since the EU referendum in June.Â£1bn-a-day Chancellor George Osborne is due to visit the German capital.
An Australian company has been fined for destroying a sacred Aboriginal burial site in the Northern Territory of Darwin, which is home to some of the country's most important Aboriginal people, in what is believed to be the first case of its kind in the country, a court has heard.
Black Friday is here again - and this year it's expected to be the UK's biggest shopping day of the year, with thousands of shoppers expected to hit the shops in search of the best bargains on everything from clothes to toiletries to TVs and washing machines.
A transgender woman in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu has won a legal battle to become the first transgender police officer of her kind in the country, local media reports say, citing a court in the city where she applied for a police post in the state's capital, Chennai.
The GAA's director general, Pat Duffy, has called for the abolition of the inter-county U21 Football Championship from 2017 as part of a series of changes to the sport's structure.Â£500,000 should be spent on player welfare, according to a new discussion paper.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car on the A96 in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said, which led to the closure of the main road in the city centre and a major road closure for several hours.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused.
A Belfast-based company has developed a 3D-printed prosthetic limb that can be fitted with a socket and socket and hand for about Â£2,000 to fit into any socket or hand socket in a matter of minutes, the BBC has learned.
Celtic midfielder Mikael Lustig says manager Ronny Deila is not to blame for the club's failure to reach the Champions League this season, but is hoping for a "good send-off" in his final game at the Parkhead club.
The Bernabeu is going to be one of the biggest stadiums in the world when Manchester City face Real Madrid in the Champions League semi-final on Wednesday, and I have been there before and I know it will be a difficult place to play in the biggest game of the season.
Wrexham have appointed former striker Gary Morrell as first-team coach following the departure of Paul Saunders, with the Welsh club's board agreeing to allow him to take charge of the National League club for the next two games of the season, reports BBC Radio Wales.
"It's easier for me to splurge on clothes now because of the pound's fall in the value of the US dollar," says Dan DeLeon, from New York. "I've been shopping at the shops in London for the last year and I've been saving money on everything."
Civil servants are being asked to be drafted in to deal with a planned strike at the UK's borders, amid concerns that they may not be well enough trained to be on the front line.A union has criticised the government for putting "untrained" officials on the job.
Kenya's Mary Cheruiyot won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m as Olympic champion Almaz Cisse was beaten into third place by compatriot Kipruto Almaz in a new personal best time of 15:12.09 seconds.
A "flashover explosion" may have caused the deaths of two men killed in an explosion at a digger manufacturer in Harford, County Down, police have said, as they continue to investigate the deaths.The deaths are being treated as suspicious.The Health and Safety Executive has said its inspectors are gathering evidence.
The US and UK have called on the Syrian government to speed up air drops of aid to besieged areas of the country, saying they are the "last resort" to relieve "human suffering" in the country's war-ravaged areas of conflict.Â£1bn worth of humanitarian aid has not been delivered so far this week, they have said.
Workers from working-class backgrounds are being "systematically excluded" from top jobs at some of the UK's elite firms, according to a report by the government's social mobility watchdog.Â£1.5bn-a-year gap between the richest and poorest graduates is widening, it says.
Brighton & Hove Albion have re-signed midfielder Lewis Dunkley on loan until the end of the season from Premier League side Burnley for the rest of the 2017-18 campaign, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer, with an option for a permanent move.
The US government is suing disgraced former cyclist Lance Armstrong for $100m (Â£77m) over his use of performance-enhancing drugs, the US Department of Justice has said in a court filing in the US state of New Jersey on Monday.
A new partnership aimed at improving the lives of people living with rare diseases has been launched in Belfast on Tuesday night in a bid to improve the care they receive in Northern Ireland.Â£500,000 of funding has been secured by the Department of Health and Social Care.
A judge in the US state of Wisconsin has ruled that two teenage girls accused of stabbing a classmate 19 times in a forest in a bid to kill a girl in the name of Slender Man should remain in adult court.If they are tried as adults, they could face life in prison.
The US Army has begun work on the final section of the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline, despite opposition from Native American tribes and the Obama administration.Â£1.2m (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in federal court fees.
The final rally of the Hungarian election campaign was held in the centre of the capital, Budapest, on Sunday night, in front of tens of thousands of supporters of the governing Fidesz party and a crowd of well-heeled, well-funded opposition supporters.
Two men have been remanded in custody charged in connection with the theft of £20,000 worth of frozen fish from a factory in Torfaen, a court has heard on Friday.Â£10,000 has been recovered from the scene of the alleged theft.
A Danish prince has been rescued from a beach in Australia's Gold Coast after getting into difficulty in the surf, local media report, amid reports that he may have died in the water.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) in insurance money was paid to his parents.
Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, said on the Today Programme this morning: "The European Union will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three - they have to either be single or four or more, but that doesn't affect retailers."
At the age of 16, Indian student Harish Kohli was told that he would not be able to build a humanoid robot in his first year of engineering school because of his country's lack of expertise in the field of artificial intelligence, robotics and robotics, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Delhi.
Somalia's militant Islamist group al-Shababab has accused the US of exaggerating the number of its fighters killed in an air strike on its training camp, the Pentagon has said, saying it was only 100 fighters at the time of the attack.
A Grade II-listed stained glass window which depicts World War One and World War Two battles has been damaged by vandals, a church has said in a bid to save it from closure for a year or more to save £50,000 in repair work.
A man has died after the car he was driving crashed into a row of gardens in the West Midlands, causing extensive damage to the garden wall and paving stones, police have said, adding it was a "terrifying" experience for the driver's family and friends.
New times tables tests for primary school pupils in England are to be introduced as part of a shake-up of the national curriculum, the government has announced in its budget for 2016-17.Â£1m is to be invested in a new test for maths in England.
Olympic silver medallist Louis Smith has been reprimanded by British Gymnastics after a video appeared to show him laughing and mimicking an imam in an Islamic prayer video posted on his Instagram account on Sunday.Â£10,000 fine is to be imposed if he is found guilty of misconduct.
Five disabled people have lost a High Court bid to challenge the closure of the Independent Living Fund (ILF) over fears they could be "trapped at home" if the scheme is scrapped, the Court of Appeal has ruled in favour of the government's plans.
Private security firm G4S has reported a rise in revenues for the first half of the year, helped by strong growth in emerging markets, but a fall in revenues in the UK and Ireland, where it provides services for immigration detention centres and other government agencies.
Two more people have been killed in Venezuela during protests against the government of President Nicolas Maduro, police and opposition leaders say, bringing the death toll in the past 24 hours to five people, including a 15-year-old boy from Venezuela's western state of Tachira.
The world's biggest aircraft manufacturer, Airbus, has cut the number of orders for its A380 super-jumbo jets by a third due to delays in the production of engines for the A320neo and A350, the company has said in a statement.
Two of the UK's leading businesswomen have spoken out against the idea that leaving the European Union would damage the country's standing in the world and its ability to influence international trade deals, if the UK votes to stay in the union on 23 June to stay or leave.
An illegal high-rise building has collapsed in the western Indian city of Mumbai, killing at least 15 people, police say.Rescue workers are searching for survivors after a section of the block of flats collapsed on Thursday evening, police have said, in what is believed to be the country's worst such collapse.
The world's largest fund manager, BlackRock, is set to cut another 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting plan, according to reports in the US media and reports from the company's parent company, JP Morgan Chase, and US media.
When Bradley Dwyer was 16 years old, his dream was to play football for his local club in Norfolk, not far from where he now plays for Major League Soccer side Sporting Kansas City in the United States - but he had no idea he would go on to become one of the best players in the world.
Russia says there are "no criteria" for its athletics federation to be readmitted into the sport after being accused of state-sponsored doping in the sport, as it attempts to regain full membership of the sport's world governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF).
Two crematorium workers have been sacked after using someone else's ashes at a family's crematorium in North Somerset after a mix-up with the ashes of a cremated body was accidentally scattered in the wrong place, the BBC has learned.Â£10,000 in fines has been paid to the family.
The BBC is to be the subject of one of the world's most high-profile public lectures on the future of the UK's media institutions this week in Edinburgh - and it is not just the BBC which will be the focus of this year's event.In the new age of public austerity, the case for the BBC is being made.
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt is to meet the leaders of the junior doctors' union this week in a bid to resolve a dispute over a new contract, the BBC has learned from the BBC.Â£1.5m of NHS funding is to be cut for junior doctors in England and Wales.
Hamilton Academical eased to victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle to move off the bottom of the Premiership and into the top six for the first time this season and leave the Caley Thistle in a relegation battle at home to Kilmarnock.
A £15m fund to boost culture and technology in the north of England has been set up by the government in the wake of the collapse of the £1.5bn Crossrail 2 project.Â£15m has been announced for projects in the region.
When Serena Williams won her first Grand Slam title at the Australian Open on Sunday, it was widely regarded as one of the greatest sporting triumphs of all time - but how did she pull it off while eight months pregnant and with a baby boy in the womb?
Police in Italy and the United States have arrested 21 people in a series of raids targeting organised crime in the mafia-run Calabria region of southern Italy and New York, officials said on Monday.Â£1bn worth of cocaine and heroin has been seized in the raids.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed into law a controversial law aimed at empowering the country's white-minority population, which critics say has led to the collapse of the economy and a fall in global commodity prices over the past few years in recent months.
A new code of conduct for police officers carrying out stop-and-searches has come into force in Scotland, with a ban on non-consensual searches for the first time in the country's history being introduced on Friday.Â£1.5m will be spent on training for officers to carry out searches.
An 86-year-old woman has been told she will have to pay more than £18,000 to get a phone line to her home because she is too old to dig up the road to install it herself, it has been claimed by the telecoms company.
Alex Salmond is one of Scotland's most colourful and colourful politicians, a man who has never shied away from controversy, controversy and controversy, but never one to shy away from the challenge of leading the country's most divisive and divisive political battle.Â£1.5bn is the price he paid for his success.
Tommy Hilfiger has said he is "extremely proud" to have model Gigi Hadid as his brand ambassador, after he was accused of saying she was not "thin enough" in an interview earlier this week, saying she is "the epitome of perfection".
The stepmother of late US radio and TV star Casey Kasem is being sued for $250,000 (Â£166,000) over the way she treated her late husband, the family has said in a court filing in the US state of Washington.
Russian football fan Alexander Shprygin has been deported from France, a day after being arrested at a match in Toulouse for allegedly trying to smuggle himself back into the country via Spain, French officials say, after being expelled from the country for a second time.
Former Gambian President Yahya Jammeh is wanted by the UN's International Criminal Court (ICC) in The Hague on charges of stealing $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) from the country's coffers while in office between 2003 and 2005.
The prime minister has defended the government's decision not to guarantee the rights of EU nationals living in the UK after Brexit, saying it would have "left UK citizens in Europe high and dry" if it had done so now would have left them "high and dry".
Celtic moved up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, who were reduced to 10 men when Antonio Pascali was sent off in the first half for a foul on the visitors' top scorer in a scrappy encounter at Rugby Park.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Premiership suffered a major blow as they were thrashed at home by St Johnstone, who moved five points clear at the top of the table.Â£1.5m in the process.
Fiji have qualified for the quarter-finals of the World Rugby Sevens Series after finishing top of Pool B at the London Sevens tournament in New Zealand's Olympic Park on Saturday night with a 3-0 win over England.Â£1.5m prize money will be split between England and Scotland.
Google has released a new system that removes artificial intelligence-style "captcha checks" from websites designed to stop people being tricked into clicking on fake links and creating fake accounts on their own accounts, the company has said.Â£1bn-worth of search engines have already removed these checks from its search results, but now it has also removed the puzzles.
Irish Paralympic sprinter Jason Smyth says he is determined to make the most of the remaining four years of the 2012 Paralympics in London as he aims to qualify for the 2016 Games in Rio de Janeiro as well as compete at the World Championships in London.
Cakes decorated with Disney princesses and fairytale princesses have been removed from a golf club after a "large scale" brawl at an Irish Gypsy wedding party, police have said, as they posted pictures of themselves removing them on social media to raise awareness of homelessness.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has faced questions from MPs on the Welsh Affairs Select Committee about the impact of Brexit on the country's future outside the European Union, in his first appearance before the committee since it was set up in April 2016 and set up by the Welsh Government.
The Boojum Mexican restaurant chain has been sold for an undisclosed sum in a deal that could create up to 100 new jobs in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland, it has been claimed by its new owners, who say they have a "passion for Mexican food".
A 19-year-old man from Norwich has become the fourth person to be arrested in connection with the TalkTalk hacking attack, the Met Police has said.Â£20,000 has been recovered by officers investigating the data breach in the city, it has emerged.
A Russian military jet has crashed in Syria after it was shot down by Turkish jets, Russian and Turkish officials say, with one of its two pilots killed and the other injured in an apparent suicide crash.Russia has summoned the Turkish ambassador over the incident, while Turkey has summoned its counterpart in Moscow.
US-led coalition air strikes have killed a commander of so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Iraqi city of Falluja, a US air force spokesman has said in a statement on US-led forces' progress in the city and its surrounding areas.
Arsenal midfielder Santi Cazorla has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a foot injury, the Gunners have confirmed in a statement on the club's website on Monday night's FA Cup third-round tie at home to Manchester United.Â£12m signing Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain will replace him.
Our Duke, ridden by Sloane Cooper, has won the Irish Champion Hurdle at Aintree for the second year running, his trainer Anne Harrington's first Cheltenham Gold Cup success since retiring from racing at the end of last season at the age of 70.
Mae pêl-droed wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn, yn ôl ym Môn ac yna aeth i reoli yng Ngwynedd yn y Gymraeg.
NHS trusts in England are to be rated on their ability to learn from mistakes, as part of a series of measures announced by the health secretary to improve safety in the health service in the country's hospitals and social care trusts, the BBC has learned from its first annual report.
A disabled man has been attacked with a blunt object during an aggravated burglary at his home in the Meadowbank area of Inverness in the early hours of Monday morning, it has emerged police have said in a new appeal for help to trace the attackers.Â£10,000 of damage has been caused to his home.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a tree in Surrey, police have said, in what is thought to have been a "tragic" accident involving a single-vehicle crash in the early stages of the night rush hour.
Iranians have reacted angrily to revelations that senior officials in the public sector are being paid hundreds of times the minimum public sector wage, in what has become known as the "paylips scandal" - a scandal that has shocked the government and shocked the country.
Yellowstone National Park officials in the US state of Wyoming have condemned the "dangerous behaviour" of visitors who tried to herd a wild bison calf into a herd of bison by repeatedly approaching its mother and trying to take it to a facility for medical treatment.
The annual rate of house price growth in the UK accelerated to 8.8% in the year to March, official figures show, driven by a surge in the cost of flats and houses in London and the South East of England, and a rise in the number of people buying second homes.
Teaching assistants in Northumberland face being "driven into poverty" if plans to change their contracts go ahead, a union has said, after councillors voted in favour of the changes in a "devastating blow" to their pay and working conditions in the county.
Torquay United have signed Gibraltar international Steven Davies on a two-year deal after he turned down a new deal at National League rivals Stevenage.Â£10,000 has been paid to the club by the Gibraltar Football Association for his transfer fee, reported to be £20,000.
British number two Heather Watson has lost the coach of her coach Alberto Veronelli, who has been with the player for the past two years.Â£1.5m in prize money has been awarded to the player by the International Tennis Federation (ITF).
A ceasefire brokered by the US and Russia last month was supposed to be a temporary truce in Syria, with the Syrian government and the rebels agreeing to suspend hostilities in exchange for the lifting of air strikes against so-called Islamic State (IS) and other militant groups.
Two British students accused of stealing artefacts from the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz have been found guilty of theft, a court in Poland has heard, after hearing they were caught by a member of the security staff who spotted them on their way back to the UK.
US Vice-President Joe Biden has told Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau that Canada "needs" him "very, very badly" during a visit to the White House in Washington.Â£1.5bn (1.4bn Cdn; $1.6bn US) worth of gifts.
Huddersfield Town boss David Wagner has signed a new three-year deal with the Premier League club, which will keep him at the club until 2020, with the option of a further 12 months if he is re-hired by the end of the 2018-19 season.
"When I first started working in Nairobi 20 years ago, you were not considered an entrepreneur," says Terry Kinyanzi, as she laughs with a mischievous twinkle in her blue eyes, "you were not even considered an employee."
A GP accused of manslaughter over the death of a 12-year-old boy has been accused of failing to take a "wide-ranging view" of the boy's medical history before he died from severe diarrhoea and a change in colour of his genitalia.
Plans for a new bird and butterfly centre in Nottinghamshire have been criticised by conservationists who say it will be a "catastrophic loss" to the area it would be built in and a "waste" of the area's wildlife habitat and habitat.
A letter from the leaders of Russia and the US to a man who helped film their historic summit in Johannesburg 27 years ago is to be sold at auction in a bid for up to Â£10,000.Â£1,000 is expected to be the highest bid.
A sculpture of a Hindu goddess that was bought by a Singaporean museum has been returned to India, after allegations it was stolen from an Indian temple.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) worth of antiquities was recovered from a US-based firm.
A luxury train has made its way from Kent to London for the first time in more than 100 years to take commuters on a journey of up to 90 miles (145km) from their home town to the capital - on a day of high-end entertainment and entertainment.
Luke Donald says he questioned whether he wanted to carry on playing golf until he was told by a sports psychologist to "grow up and realise how lucky I was" to still be a professional golfer after slipping down the world rankings for the first time in four years.
When the first ship carrying American settlers set sail for Cuba in 1903, it was bound for La Gloria City, a small, sleepy town on the eastern shore of Cuba's Oriente province, a few miles west of Havana, in the Camaguey province of Cuba.
Elections for new councils will be held in England and Wales on 5 May 2013, with some seats being up for election by-elections and others being held by the end of the current council term on 31 March 2014, when the existing councils stand to be dissolved.
The number of men being diagnosed with dementia has fallen by 40,000 over the past two decades, according to a study published in the journal Stroopedia and funded by the Medical Research Council and the charity Alzheimer's Society, which says it is "encouraging" this is happening.
The Isle of Wight Council is to appeal to the High Court over a decision not to prosecute a father who took his daughter on holiday in term time, it has been announced on the council's Facebook page and on its official website, after a judge ruled there was no case.
A Swansea man who became known as the "Secret Santa" has died at the age of 89.Friends and family have paid tribute to him after he was found dead at his home in the city with a broken heart.Â£10,000 in his will has been donated to charity.
Hundreds of Kurdish and Arab fighters have carried the body of a German-Turkish woman killed fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria on a march through Germany's northern city of Duisburg in support of her family and the Kurdish YPG Kurdish militia.
Theresa May has set out her vision for the future of Britain as she launched her bid to become prime minister, promising a "vision of a country that works for everyone" - not just the "privileged few" if she wins the contest to be the next Conservative leader.
A referee has died after being hit by a player's punch during a football game in the US state of Michigan, police have said, in what is believed to be the second such incident in the country in as many years to leave a referee dead.A man has been charged with assault.
A 20-year-old woman has been shot dead in a "sudden and brutal act of violence" in the US state of Indiana, police say, in what is believed to have been a hit-and-run incident on Tuesday.Â£10,000 (Â£6,000) in cash was taken from her body.
A teenager has been found guilty of trying to recruit a vulnerable man to carry out a terror attack in the wake of the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby in Woolwich, south London, three years ago, a court has heard, after meeting him on a college computer course.
An Indian journalist has been arrested for allegedly fabricating a fake news report that claimed Muslims were barred from teaching yoga in the country, police say, and has been charged with "cheating, forgery and promoting enmity between groups on grounds of religion or race".
Scientists have measured the "spirit level" of Loch Nessie for the first time, and say they have found a signal that could help them better understand how the Earth's crust deforms as a result of ocean water movement on the surface of the UK's largest lake.
The full inquest into the Shoreham air disaster which killed 11 people is likely to be held later this year, a council has said.A decision by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) on whether to bring charges against the pilot is due to be made in March.
Three men have been convicted of blowing up cash machines and stealing more than £150,000 from ATMs across Aberdeenshire and the north east of Scotland in an attempt to steal £1m of Scottish banknotes, the High Court has been told.
The head of the Catholic Church in Australia has accused Pope Francis and other Roman Catholic leaders of failing to condemn child sex abuse in the church when it first emerged in the 1990s, local media reported on the issue in the country's media on Monday.Â£1bn (A$1.1bn; $1.2bn) of child abuse victims have come forward.
Celtic midfielder Patrick Roberts is ready to return to the club if it is right for him to leave Manchester City and join French Ligue 1 side Nice, according to manager Brendan Rodgers' assistant boss at the club.Â£12m-rated Manchester City are among the clubs interested in signing the England Under-21 international.
A self-styled animatronic "robot" designed to look like an insect-like vehicle has been unveiled to the public for the first time after a year-long project to create it.Â£50,000 has been spent on its construction.
More than half of UK businesses have been victims of a cyber attack in the past year, according to a survey by a leading business group, with more than 100,000 members.Â£1.5bn in losses has been reported in the last year, it has been revealed.
Pope Francis is about to embark on his first trip to Africa as head of the Roman Catholic Church, where he is expected to deliver a message of hope to the poor, the dispossessed and the poor of the developed world, as well as on issues of peace and the environment.
Jean-Claude Juncker, the new head of the European Commission, has said he is "as suitable for the job as you are" as he was when he was Luxembourg's prime minister, amid a row over tax deals with multinational companies in his country.
Laura Muir set a new Scottish 1500m record as she won her first race of the season at the European Indoor Championships in Stockholm with a time of four minutes, 19.12 seconds on Sunday.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the winner of the race.
Lukas Jutkiewicz's second-half equaliser earned Birmingham a replay against Newcastle in the FA Cup third round after a 1-1 draw at St James' Park, with Gianfranco Zola's side reaching the fourth round for the first time under his reign.
Britain's Mark Cavendish said he was a victim of his own success as Russia's Alexander Vinokourov won Olympic gold in the men's road race at London 2012, but admitted his team-mates were not to blame for his failure to take victory.
Pop group All Saints have returned to the stage with a new single, Pure Shores, but what is it like to be part of a girl group in the 1990s, 19 years on from the break-up of Britpop group The Smiths, and what is life like for the band now?
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares missed out on a place in the final of the ATP World Tour Finals doubles final for the first time in their partnership history as they were beaten in the semi-final in London on Saturday night, losing 6-3 6-4.
A pedestrian who died after being hit by a car has been named by police as a man from Warwickshire who had recently moved to the UK from the US to work in the oil and gas and mining industry.Â£1,000 has been donated to his family by friends.
Volunteers on the Isle of Man are being urged to help clean up the island's beaches after a record number of people took part in beach clean-ups last year - with the aim of making them the cleanest on the island in Europe by the end of 2017.
A blanket ban on so-called legal highs is to be introduced in England and Wales, the government has announced, as part of a crackdown on the "reckless" trade in the drugs which have been linked to a number of deaths in the past year.
As the National Football League (NFL) prepares for its annual meeting in New Orleans on Sunday, it will be interesting to see if Roger Goodell is still the NFL's most powerful man in the world of American sport, even if he is the most unpopular in the US.
A nurse who secretly filmed himself raping women in hospital and at a music festival has been jailed for 12-and-a-half years for a string of "despicable" sex attacks on women he met while on duty as a doctor and while volunteering as a medic.
The Irish Open is to be held at Ballyliffin in County Donegal next year with the tournament to be staged for the first time in the Republic of Ireland between 2019 and 2023, the European Tour has confirmed to BBC Radio Ulster's Golf Focus programme.
Yorkshire's Jack Leaning made his maiden first-class century to put his side in a strong position against Lancashire on day two of the Roses match at Old Trafford.Â£1.5m-rated Yorkshire's winless start to the season continued as rain washed out much of the second day.
Supermarket chain Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk in a bid to end a row with farmers over the price they are paid for their product.The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has welcomed the move by the supermarket chain, saying it was "in the best interests of our farmers".
Technology giant HP has apologised for how it informed owners of a bug in its printers that meant they could no longer print ink cartridges that were not officially endorsed by the printer manufacturer, but has said it will fix the problem within two weeks, after a backlash from campaigners.
A US judge has ruled that Donald Sterling, the former owner of the LA Clippers basketball team, is mentally competent to sell the team, ending a legal battle over the sale of the Los Angeles team to a former Microsoft executive.Â£2bn (Â£1.6bn) deal.
A primary school has been forced to close after 26 pupils and staff fell ill with norovirus, forcing them to be taken off for a second day in a row, its headteacher has said, due to a "perfect storm" of sickness and diarrhoea and vomiting.
The Presiding Officer of the Welsh Assembly has called for more people to register to vote ahead of May's assembly election, saying it is a "fantastic opportunity" to tackle the "democratic deficit" in the country's political system and "democracy deficit".
Royal Dutch Shell has said it hopes to start drilling for oil and gas in the Arctic in the next few months, after putting the project on hold for two years because of legal wrangling in the US and legal wrangles in the UK over the cost of drilling in Alaska.
The killer of Labour MP Jo Cox will be remembered as a "21st Century Good Samaritan" whose "heart and soul went into things" who kept her "local" despite having to go to London for work, her friends and family have told the BBC.
Israel's prime minister has promised a "fierce punitive and deterring response" against stone-throwing after the death of a 19-year-old Israeli man on the eve of the Jewish new year, in Jerusalem, and clashes in the occupied West Bank.
The Republic of Ireland's president is to decide whether to refer a bill that would allow abortions to be performed in certain cases to the country's highest court.Â£1.5m of public money has been spent on a bill to legalise abortion in the Republic.
The crew of the St Abbs lifeboat station in the Scottish Borders have agreed to return their pagers to their volunteers.Â£1,000 worth of pagers have been donated to the station in a bid to save it from closure.â€¦
Surrey batsman Kumar Sangakkara hit a career-best 171 not out on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match against Gloucestershire at The Oval at Chelmsford, his first for the county since 2013-14.Â£1.5m was paid for every ball bowled on day one.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun International in a deal that values the Championship club at £1.5bn, making it the second Championship club to be bought by a Chinese businessman this year.Â£20m is expected to be invested into the club over the next two years, BBC Sport understands.
Competition between birds and bees for nest sites could explain why some species are struggling to survive in the wild, according to a study of bird and bumblebee species around the world, say conservationists at the University of Exeter in the UK and in the US.
The Prince of Wales has told cadets at the Royal Military Academy they face trials "as great as any faced by our forebears", as he passed them out at the end of their senior cadet training parade for officer cadet cadets on Thursday.
Leicester City have signed Algeria international Riyad Mahiedine from French Ligue 1 side Le Havre on a four-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal, subject to international clearance and a work permit, reports BBC Radio Leicester.
The US has stepped up its drone strikes on suspected al-Qaeda targets in Yemen, with the US ambassador to the country's capital, Sanaa, reportedly killed in a drone strike, and the US embassy in Sanaa closed its doors to foreign diplomats for the first time since 2001.
Scotland scrum-half Jonny Gray has urged his team-mates to rediscover their winning habit and kick-start their Six Nations campaign with a "bang" against the world's top teams in the coming weeks."There's been progress, there's been a lot of positives," says the Scotland back-row.
The number of visitors from the Republic of Ireland to Northern Ireland may have declined because of "social unrest", a government report has suggested.The Northern Ireland Tourist Board needs to be renamed and its relationship with Invest NI must be strengthened, it has been suggested.
"He was the best player on the team, he was the most popular boy in the camp, everyone loved him," says the outreach worker who first met Rodrigo Kelton, the 14-year-old Brazilian footballer who was shot dead on the eve of the Street Child World Cup.
A man who was arrested after taking what was thought to be a new form of MDMA in Greater Manchester has been released on police bail pending further inquiries into the substance's use in the city centre on Saturday night, it has been revealed to be MDMA, police have said.
Sir Mick Jagger has paid tribute to his "lover and best friend" L'Wren Scott, saying he will "never forget" her, after the fashion designer's death at the age of 47.The Rolling Stones singer has said he is "devastated" by her death.
More than 7,000 new homes could be built in York over the next 30 years, according to a report by the city's council and planning bosses, with a target of 1,090 new homes a year by 2040, it has been claimed in a bid to tackle housing shortages.
A UK-based Zimbabwean radio station has gone off airwaves for the last time, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs in the past two years, the BBC has learned from the BBC World Service.Â£1.5m has been withdrawn from the station's donor base.
Mental health trusts in England say they have seen little sign of an increase in funding for children's mental health services in the past year, despite ministers promising more money to improve access to care.NHS England has been urged to "ring-fence" extra funding for them.
The family of a Denbighshire man who will be watching the Eurovision Song Contest final with his brother and sister-in-law in Sweden have said they will be "thrilled" if he and Jake Shakeshaft are crowned this year's UK finalists.
Salford Red Devils have signed former Leeds Rhinos half-back Ryan Hood on a two-year deal from next season, with the option of a further 12 months in the Super League club's first-team squad for the 2017 campaign."I'm really looking forward to getting back into rugby league," says Hood.
A British man has begun his bid to become the first person to swim across the Atlantic Ocean without a kickboard, in a bid to enter the Guinness World Records club for the world's "biggest ever" open water swimming challenge, it has been announced.
If you're looking for ways to get fit, active and healthy, we've got the answer for you - Get Inspired - Get Active - and with Make Your Move you can start to try some accessible, physical challenges - without it having to feel like exercise!
In this week's episode of BBC Women of Africa we meet some of the country's most powerful women, who are making a difference to the lives of ordinary people through their work and their communities in different parts of the world, as well as in their own country.
The US has expelled two Russian diplomats from the country in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow, the US defence department has said in a statement to the US news agency, the State Department, citing an "unprovoked" assault on the diplomat.
Ben Stokes produced a superb all-round performance to help England beat India by eight runs in the third one-day international and win the series 2-1 with a thrilling final-ball victory in Mumbai.Â£1.5m Ben Stokes' return to India was a fitting send-off for the all-rounder.
A police force has referred itself to the police watchdog over its handling of the search for a missing woman whose body was found at a house where a man has been charged with her murder on suspicion of her murder, it has been revealed by the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg.
The UK government has been accused of breaching its human rights obligations by failing to properly investigate killings by security forces in Northern Ireland during the Troubles and failing to fund investigations into the killings by police and soldiers, a top EU official has said in a speech in Belfast.
In our series of Disability Works, we look at some of the latest technology developments that could transform the way we work, communicate and work for disabled people and how they get on with the world around them.Â© Johny Cassidy and Jat Gill, 2016
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences in connection with the disappearance of two teenagers from West Yorkshire who are believed to have travelled to Syria to fight with Islamic State, the BBC has learned, but has not been charged with any offence.
Great Britain's Nick Scott won silver in the men's Finn class at the World Cup regatta in Sicily after a second-place finish in the final race of the weekend in Palma, Italy, on Saturday.Olympic silver medallist Tom Daley won gold in the RS:X class.
A parade has taken place at Yeovil Town Hall to mark the 70th anniversary of the Royal Navy's freedom of the Somerset town of the same name, which was granted to the naval base in 1962, the day after the end of World War Two.
A man whose car was stolen from his driveway has been told the police force has "closed" its investigation into the theft and told to "carry on stealing" because there is "very little chance you're going to get caught" if he does not pay £1,000.
Malaysia's richest woman, Khong Yee Hsien Loong, has been feeding the poor for more than 20 years, but she only started when a Buddhist monk urged her to use her wealth and influence to help the poor in the country's poorest areas.
Nigeria's education system in the north-east of the country is under threat from militant Islamist group Boko Haram, but there is a growing belief that reforms are needed to improve the quality of education for both boys and girls, writes the BBC's Farai Sevenzo in Kano.
The US embassy in Turkey has issued an emergency travel warning for tourist areas in Istanbul and Antalya, saying there are "credible threats" to tourist sites in the city and the surrounding area, and urged people to exercise "extreme caution" in the area.
The Conservatives have taken control of Derbyshire County Council for the first time in more than a decade after a series of upsets in the county's local elections on 8 May, the BBC has learned from the results of the county council elections in the region's towns and villages.
Two men have died in separate road traffic accidents in the Republic of Ireland in the past 24 hours, the Irish police have confirmed to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) in Dublin and County Meath and the Mayo Police Service of Ireland (PSNI).
The 2011 nuclear accident at the Fukushima Daiichi power plant in Japan was a "manmade disaster" caused by "wilful negligence" and "collusion" between the government, regulators and operator Tepco, a government-commissioned inquiry panel has concluded.
FA chairman Greg Dyke has announced he will stand down from his role at the end of the season, saying he is "frustrated" by the organisation's "fragile" process of reforming the way it is run and will not be able to "pick up the pieces".
Royal Bank of Scotland and NatWest have warned their customers that they could charge interest on their current accounts if the Bank of England base interest rate falls below 0.25% in the coming months, in the event of a future interest rate cut to negative territory.
The government has been defeated in the House of Commons over plans to relax Sunday opening hours for large shops in England and Wales, in a major setback for Chancellor George Osborne's plans to change the law on the popular Sunday trading day for the first time in 20 years.
Golden State Warriors have reached the NBA finals for the first time in their history after beating the Portland Trail Blazers in the best-of-seven Western Conference Finals.Â£72m NBA Finals series is over after a thrilling final game in Portland, Oregon on Wednesday.
Wolves midfielder Conor Coady is relishing the chance to play at Anfield for the first time since he was allowed to leave the Reds in 2014, but he will not be distracted by the memories of his boyhood heroics as he prepares to do so on Saturday.
A County Londonderry bar has been fined £5,000 after a man and a woman were charged with allowing the consumption of alcohol outside the legal drinking hours of 18:00 BST, a court has heard in a case described as "as bad as I have come across".
A man has been banned from keeping animals after a video of him eating a winning fish was posted online by RSPCA Cymru and shared hundreds of thousands of times on social media by thousands of Facebook users, prompting a police warning to keep an eye out for him.
Albania have been stripped of their Euro 2016 qualifying win over Serbia after Uefa rejected their appeal against the abandonment of their match in Belgrade earlier this month, which was abandoned because of crowd trouble.The Albanian Football Federation has been fined 100,000 euros (£77,000).
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has signed a new sponsorship deal with one of the world's biggest energy companies to become the organisation's main sponsor for the next three years, it has been announced in a statement on its website on Monday.Â£1bn is to be spent on African football in the next five years.
Newport County suffered a surprise 2-0 defeat away at Barry Town in their final pre-season friendly before facing Wrexham in the FA Cup second round at Wembley on Saturday. Click here for all the reports from Saturday's games in the EFL Cup.
Pakistan have been given the go-ahead to play a two-Test series against India in India in the World Twenty20 in March and April, the country's cricket board has confirmed to BBC Urdu news agency Xinhua news agency (XNA) in a statement.
Birmingham City midfielder James Morrison says manager Gary Rowett was right to criticise his side's lack of discipline in the 3-3 draw with Birmingham City."We need to be more ruthless," says Blues boss Kenny Dalglish after the defeat at Birmingham City on Saturday.
Brazil's interim President Michel Temer has vowed to restore "peace and unity" in the country after being sworn in following the Senate's vote to impeach President Dilma Rousseff and put her on trial for financial mismanagement and corruption, in his first speech since taking office.
An ancient Chinese legend about a "great flood" that is said to have laid the foundations for Bronze Age civilisation has been linked to the world's first recorded flood, according to new evidence from ancient sediments and ancient cave dwellings in the Yellow River valley near Nanjing, China.
A Florida teenager has been charged with practising without a medical licence after allegedly posing as a doctor to dupe elderly patients into believing he was a naturopath and selling them vitamins and healing herbs, according to police in the city of Palm Beach Gardens, Florida, reports say.
Rafael Nadal is one of the most successful tennis players of all time and he's the world number one tennis player in the world at the age of 31. Check out some of his record-breaking performances at the past Grand Slams and Wimbledon in London.
The number of Scottish snowsports days taken during the 2014-15 season has been lower than last year, according to new figures for Scotland's outdoor ski and snowboard industry, but still worth millions of pounds to the Scottish economy and to the local economy.
Two police officers have been convicted of conspiring to steal drugs worth more than Â£100,000 from the force's computer system.Â£1m worth of heroin and cocaine has been seized in a raid on a police station car park, it has been revealed.
Lancashire head coach Ashley Giles says his side are "far from safe" from relegation from Division One, but have been given a "wake-up call" by a poor run of form.Â£1.5m Lancashire need to win their final three games of the season, he says.
A "sadistic" rapist who raped and robbed a woman in a park after being released from prison in Poland has been jailed for a second time in the UK.A judge has described him as a "damaged and dangerous" killer who "took great pleasure" in humiliating his victim.
Cornwall head coach Graham Dawe hopes Twickenham's Rugby League Trophy final will not be played away from the Principality Stadium in future, despite concerns over the future of the competition."Who knows what the future holds," says the Cornish Pirates boss.
Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey has taken to the streets of Texas to pick up students who have been dropped off at the University of Texas for "volunteer companionship" in the event of a campus rape, the university has said.
Ghana's parliament has passed a law requiring officials to hand over their state-owned property to the new president after the elections next month, after years of wrangling over who will take over the country's top job in the event of a transfer of power.
Donald Trump has said he will rebuild the "inner cities" of the US, amid criticism of his charitable foundation's use of funds from his foundation to settle legal settlements with his businesses and golf courses, and his poll numbers with African-Americans are "going, like, high".
Former Peterborough United and Cambridge United manager Chris Turner has died at the age of 68.Friends and former players have paid tribute to a "wonderful man" who was "a true gentleman, a true gentleman and a truly special person" who will be missed by many.
Two people have been rescued after their dinghy came off the coast of Aberdeenshire in the early hours of Saturday.The lifeboat was called out after reports of a person falling overboard from the vessel in the River Ness in the north west of Scotland.
The Court of Appeal judges have rejected a bid by Northern Ireland's attorney general to refer the Ashers bakery case to the Supreme Court over its refusal to make a cake in support of gay marriage to the highest court in England and Wales, the High Court has ruled.
The Labour Party has been accused of being "desperate" after it rejected more than 100,000 applications to vote in the general election amid claims non-Labour supporters had registered to take part in the contest.Labour has defended its decision to exclude people who had previously supported other parties.
The family of a US doctor who was violently dragged off a United Airlines flight on Sunday say they are "horrified and shocked" by what happened to him and want "respect and dignity" from the airline, in a press conference in the US state of Illinois.
The killing of an Aberdeen man by an RAF drone strike in Syria was "extra-judicial killing", Labour MP Harriet Harman has said, calling for an independent inquiry into the operation.The prime minister's defence of the attack has been criticised by the party's former deputy leader.
The Welsh amateur boxing association is "not fit for purpose" and does not qualify to receive public money, according to a report by accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PCC) into its financial affairs, it has been claimed in a report seen by BBC Wales.
Three Edinburgh schools have been closed as a "precautionary measure" over safety concerns following Storm Gertrude, the city council has said in a letter to parents of some pupils and staff explaining its decision to make the closures in the wake of the disaster at Oxgangs.
A German woman who developed pulmonary embolism after taking Bayer's Yasminelle contraceptive pill is suing the German drugmaker for failing to warn her of the dangers of blood clots caused by the pill, reports AFP news agency and the local media agency AFP.
People are being encouraged to stand on both sides of an escalator at a busy London Tube station as part of a trial to try to reduce queues and keep people moving through the station during busy times.Â£1.5m is being spent to make the escalator more efficient.
A new compensation fund for people affected by asbestos-related cancer, known as mesothelioma, is to be set up by the government, it has been announced, with a cut-off point of £20,000 for the first time.Thousands of people diagnosed with the disease will be eligible.
A nurse has been found guilty of trying to kill her mother by injecting her with insulin while she was in hospital with a potentially lethal dose of blood sugar diabetes, a court has heard.Prosecutors have said it is "impossible to imagine a more vulnerable victim" in the case.
The US Senate has voted to delay a vote on a Republican plan to repeal and replace the Obama-era healthcare law until next week, after a last-ditch effort to pass a replacement was rejected by the party's own members failed to gain enough votes.
Betty Churcher, one of Australia's most prominent and influential art critics, has died at the age of 86, her family has said in a statement from the National Gallery of Australia (NGA) in Canberra. She died on Monday night, two days after suffering a stroke.
Moody's, one of the three main credit rating agencies, has warned that it may lower the UK's credit rating after the UK voted to leave the European Union, in the wake of the EU referendum result on 23 June 2016, because of the country's vote to leave.
Two former leaders of Cambodia's Khmer Rouge regime, Pol Pot and Nuon Chea, have gone on trial for war crimes and genocide, in a second trial in the capital, Phnom Penh, for crimes committed under the communist regime in the 1970s and 1980s.
Richard Bratchett, the founder of controversial magazine Oz, has died at the age of 83, his wife Julie Clarke Neville has said in a Facebook post on his official Facebook page, describing him as a "wonderful" husband, father, brother and uncle.
Bristol City have agreed to loan midfielder Jake Moore and striker Kodi Odelusi for a month to help Guernsey in their bid to reach the second tier of the English Football League.Â£50,000-rated club will pay for both players to travel to the island for a pre-season friendly.
There is "no threat" to "hard working Polish, Hungarian, other EU citizens" working in the UK, the Welsh Conservative leader has said, ahead of the UK's departure from the European Union on 23 March, after the UK leaves the EU in 2019.
A missing cat has been reunited with his owners after being found in a pet store's warehouse by warehouse staff who had been keeping an eye on him for more than a year.Â£1,000 worth of cat food has been paid for by his owners.
A football fan who punched a hole in a ceiling while celebrating a goal has been offered a free repair bill by the match-winner himself, after the hole was accidentally punched in the wall of an Ipswich Town Football Club's training ground during a match.Â£2,000 worth of damage has been repaired.
The Home Office has issued a formal notice of intent to deport more than 200 people from the UK who were working illegally in the food industry in the South East of England, the BBC has learned from HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and the Foreign Office (FCO).
Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel won a dramatic Malaysian Grand Prix as team-mate Mark Webber was overtaken by the Ferrari driver in a high-speed battle at the end of a tense race at the Circuit Gilles Villeneuve, which was overshadowed by a team orders controversy.
The new chief constable of Hampshire Constabulary has been named as Sarah Pinkney, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has announced in a press release on the force's Facebook page and on Twitter page on Monday.Â£1.5m has been awarded to the position to the 52-year-old.
Belfast bantamweight Paddy O'Shea beat Russia's Alexander Gadzhimagomedov in the final of the European Championships in Kiev to win gold for the Republic of Ireland in the men's -75kg division on Saturday.Kurt Walker and Brendan Irvine both won silver medals.
Eve Muirhead's rink have won the men's and women's European Curling Championships at Braehead in Scotland, with Scott Brewster's rink clinching the top men's spot for the first time in the history of the event in Perth.
Donegal will face Galway in Saturday's All-Ireland SFC qualifier at Croke Park in a repeat of last year's decider between the counties on the same day in the same venue on 3 September (15:00 GMT).The game between the two sides will be shown live on BBC One.
The EU referendum is one of the most hotly debated issues in British politics at the moment, with many people wondering when it will be held, and others wondering if it will even be held at all - or when it could be next year, or even later in 2016.
Catchphrases from the TV series Dad's Army have been used in the House of Commons to poke fun at Labour's opposition following the death of TV writer and broadcaster Rhodri Perry, who wrote the theme tune to It Ain't Half Hot Mum and Hi-de-Hi.
Derby County striker Darren Bent says the Championship play-off push is a good omen for the play-offs after his first goal in more than three months helped his side to a draw.Â£1.5m Derby County boss Steve McClaren says his side must avoid a repeat of their Championship play off-field problems.
It's been another busy week in the world of entertainment, with the Oscars, the Grammys and the New York Fashion Week all taking centre stage in the US over the past few days, but there were also plenty of other stories worth reading about too - here's a round-up of the best.
Partick Thistle's winless run in the Premiership extended to seven games as Ross County came from behind to earn a draw at Firhill.The Staggies remain without a win in seven games after a late equaliser for Jim McIntyre's side.
Residents in the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk have fled their homes as shelling continues, amid reports that a Russian aid convoy is close to the border with Ukraine, the BBC has been told by a Ukrainian military source who saw the lorries on their way there.
Archaeologists who uncovered some of the largest Roman mosaics in the UK for 150 years are to open them to the public for the first time since they were discovered in the 1960s - but where will they go after they are put on display for the public to view?
The idea that the Scottish Parliament should be given the power to increase income tax rates and control some welfare benefits is the most popular issue with Scots, according to BBC Scotland's general election poll for the next UK government, which was conducted in the run-up to the general election.
The winner of this year's World Food Prize for his work to improve the quality of food for Africa's farmers has said he is "very proud" to receive the award from the World Bank's chief economist, Dr Nkosazana Adesina, who has been working in rural Africa for more than 20 years.
A firearms officer has been disciplined for carrying a gun in public while on duty, Police Scotland has confirmed to the BBC Scotland's Newsround service, despite a new policy banning officers from carrying guns at all times while in Scotland's police force headquarters in Inverness.
The El Nino weather event is set to continue for the next six months, the World Meteorological Organization (WMO) has warned, with the potential impact on food and water shortages expected to be felt across much of the developing world and the developing Asia region.
Scientists say they have taken the first steps towards growing human and rat kidneys in the laboratory, in a move that could revolutionise the way organs are transplanted in the future in the UK and the US, and potentially in the rest of the world, as well as the world.
A US university has won a patent case against Apple, which could see the tech giant hit with a fine of up to $1bn (Â£700m) in a patent infringement case over the use of its technology in some of its devices.Â£1bn is the latest high-profile patent battle to be fought in the courts.
Steam trains are set to return to the East Coast Main Line for the first time in more than 50 years, in the next few days.It's been announced that Tornado will be travelling between Settle and Carlisle in Cumbria and York in the East Midlands.
As part of the BBC Get Inspired Get Inspired campaign, BBC Breakfast presenter Anna Fifield has started a Couch to 5k Challenge - a challenge to run a 5k every week for nine weeks to lose weight and improve your running form and energy levels in order to achieve her dream of running a marathon.
A conservation charity has unveiled plans for a new marine centre in Berwick-on-Tweed to highlight the hidden world of the seas.Â£2m funding is needed to make it a reality, it has been revealed.ÂÂ£1.5m of lottery money is to be used to help fund the project.
Passport exit checks have begun on people leaving the UK, as part of a new system introduced by the government to tackle illegal immigration and visa fraud in the country, the BBC has learned from the Channel Tunnel and P&O Ferries' terminals in Kent and Dover.
Great Britain's Beth Tweddle won a bronze medal in her final Olympic gymnastics competition as she confirmed she will retire from the sport at the end of the Games in Rio on Sunday, 10 years after winning her first gold medal in the London 2012 Games.
League One side Charlton Athletic Bilbao have signed Wigan Athletic defender Luke Pearce for an undisclosed fee.Â£1.5m has been paid in the transfer window for the former England Under-21 international defender, with the option of a further year-long loan.
Hastings Pier has reopened to the public after a multi-million pound refurbishment, with Madness singer Graham McPherson among the first people to watch it being put back in place following a six-year restoration project in a bid to save it from dereliction.
An Australian woman has been jailed for life for the murder of her ex-wife, who was the subject of a deadly siege by her boyfriend in a cafe in Sydney, which led to the deaths of 18 people including the gunman's two accomplices in 2014.
The BBC's former head of marketing Mark Thompson has told MPs he was paid almost £1m in a severance package as part of the corporation's efforts to cut costs and save £19m a year, the BBC's Public Accounts Committee (PAC) has been told.
Hamilton Academical missed the chance to move into the Premiership's top six as they were held to a goalless draw by Kilmarnock in a scrappy encounter at Ibrox on Tuesday night, with both sides having to settle for a point.
Wales manager Chris Coleman praised the character of his players after they came from behind to draw 1-1 with Northern Ireland in their final World Cup warm-up match in Cardiff."We have a lot of positives to take away from this game," said the boss.
Two men have been found guilty of the murder of a man who was shot dead outside a police station in Merseyside in the same gun used to kill a shopkeeper in Manchester in October 2014, a court has heard, after a jury could not agree on the verdicts.
Former Rangers captain Darren Ferguson says he is not ready to take charge at the Ibrox club, despite being linked with the vacant managerial role at the end of the season with Derek McInnes the "perfect" man to lead the club in the short-term.
Two Italian senators have been suspended for a day for making lewd gestures to female colleagues during a debate in the lower house of parliament, Italian media reports say, after they were accused of insulting female members of the chamber's upper house.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in public funds.
Australia has asked Israel to withdraw a diplomat from its embassy in Canberra, after it found that forged Australian passports were used in the killing of a Palestinian militant in Dubai last year, the country's foreign minister has said in a letter to the Israeli embassy in the country.
A court in Azerbaijan has jailed Leyla Yunus, a leading human rights activist, for five years for fraud and tax evasion, the country's highest court has announced.The former vice-president of the Council of Europe has been sentenced to five years in prison.
More than 100 prisoners have escaped from a prison in Papua New Guinea's capital, Lae, by storming the main gate, police have said, in the latest in a series of high-profile prison breakouts in the Pacific nation in recent years, local media report.
England won the Women's Six Nations title for the first time since 2009 as they ran in five tries to thrash Ireland in a tight contest in Dublin on Friday night in front of a sell-out crowd of more than 90,000 at the Aviva Stadium.
At least 14 people have been killed in a suicide bomb attack in a border town in north-eastern Lebanon, state media say, in what is believed to be a sectarian dispute between the two sides of the Syrian-Lebanese border area of Qalamoun.
Girl Guides and Brownies have unveiled a new oath that replaces the "to love my God" pledge that has been part of their oath for more than 100 years, it has been announced by the organisation that guides have been in charge of the organisation for the past 100 years.
The number of illegal immigrants detained or arrested at the UK's busiest port has more than doubled in the past three years, figures have shown, amid fears of a surge in migrants trying to cross the English Channel to the UK from France and the Channel Tunnel in Calais.
Gibraltar is one of the world's most famous tourist attractions - but what does it know about its history that no-one has ever been able to find out about it through a mobile phone, and how can it help tourists learn more about the place?
Ex-I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here contestant James Wright is set to buy a stake in non-league Billericay Town, the club's chairman has confirmed.The deal is close to completion, according to the player-coach of the newly-promoted club.
Bradford City moved to within a point of the League One play-off places as they beat Rochdale to move up to third place in the table with a third successive win at the Spotland Showgrounds in four days.Â£1.5m in the transfer market boosted their chances of automatic promotion.
A cold store owner has been fined £50,000 after a worker was injured when he was hit by a forklift truck at a factory in Grantham, Lincolnshire, leaving him with a permanent disfigurement to his leg and losing the use of his leg.
The Irish government has failed to meet international human rights standards in its handling of the economic crisis, according to a new report by the country's human rights watchdog.Ã‚¬1.5m (Â£1.2m) of public money has been spent on social security, pensions, health and housing, it has been claimed.
Education standards in England's schools need to be set by a "strategic commission" to ensure they are "relevant to the best in the world", former deputy prime minister Lord Heseltine has told the BBC's Today programme, as he called for action to improve literacy and numeracy.
The ancestors of present-day Basque people date back to the Neolithic and early Bronze Age, according to a study of Stone Age human remains in northern Spain and France, but they are the closest relatives to present day Basque communities living in the south-west of Europe.
Burton Albion have released nine players, including goalkeeper Jon McLaughlin, who was the club's top scorer in the Championship last season with 12 goals.Â£1.5m-rated midfielder Matt McLaughlin is one of seven players released by the Championship club.
It's been a pretty busy 2016 for many of you guys and girls, with all sorts of big things happening in the world of sport, music, fashion, food, technology and so much more over the last few years.So many things have happened this year that you probably didn't know it!
Welsh Labour will not be "wiped out" in the general election if Jeremy Corbyn is not elected leader and prime minister, the party's Welsh leader has said."I want a Labour prime minister - and that means Jeremy Corbyn being prime minister," he said.
A new sixth form college is to open in Flintshire, with the first students set to start studying at Deeside High School on Friday, it has been announced to coincide with the county council's annual general meeting in Wrexham on Thursday.Â£1m is to be spent on the new school.
Burnley have signed striker Jonathan Walters from Premier League rivals Stoke City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.Â£4.5m is the fee for the Republic of Ireland international's transfer.Â€5m has been agreed between the two clubs.
Mexican actor Ruben Aguirre, who was one of the best-loved entertainers in Latin America, has died at the age of 84, his family has announced in a press release from his home in the state of Puerto Vallarta, where he was living.
Featherstone Rovers have appointed Kevin Duffy as their new head coach on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further year at the end of the current Super League campaign in May.Â£1.5m is to be paid to the club.
A woman who died after being restrained by medics following a psychotic episode a week after giving birth could have been saved, a coroner has ruled, after a post-mortem examination has found in west London's Southwark Crown Court.Â£100,000 was paid for her death by her widower.
Manchester United are set to sign Villarreal defender Eric Bailly for a fee that could rise to £30m, with Jose Mourinho's first signing as manager of the club set to be confirmed on Monday. Click here for all the latest Manchester United transfer news.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has ordered "special security measures" in some countries after satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo published cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad, in the wake of last week's deadly protests in the US and other Western countries over a video mocking the Prophet's religion.
When Miguel Tilli and his wife Magda Tilli decided to start their own business, they had no idea what to do with their spare time in the middle of Portugal's worst economic crisis in decades, but they did not expect it to turn into a multimillion dollar business.
Maze, one of the world's most famous maze, has a new addition - a Sherlock Holmes-themed maze! Check out this video of the famous detective solving a mystery in the centre of the park! Click here to see the full video on BBC iPlayer.
Apple's request to help catch the killers of 14 people in the San Bernardino shootings is a "gift to authoritarian regimes", the UN's special envoy to the US has said, as a legal challenge to the company's request for help with the investigation continues.
The governor of Florida has declared a state of emergency in parts of the state after blue-green algae bloomed in rivers and on beaches in the state's Treasure Coast and Gulf Coast areas over the past two weeks, officials said on Friday.The US government has begun reducing the flow of water from a polluted river.
Broadchurch will not return for any future series, the show's creator has said, as he prepares to bring the final episode of the hit drama to BBC One after a 12-year run.The show's final episode is expected to attract an average of 4.6 million viewers.
A rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers which left five people injured is to reopen next month, it has been announced.The owner of the attraction is to be prosecuted over the incident.Â£1m of fines and costs are to be paid to the families of the victims.
The Ospreys are to review the "blueprint" for their coaching structure following the departure of head coach Gary Johnson.Chris Hore says the region will be looking at both sides of the management merry-go-round.Â£500,000 of funding is to be spent on a replacement for him.
Tongan Veainu scored two tries as Leicester made it two wins out of two in the European Challenge Cup with a bonus-point victory over Benetton Treviso at the Stadio Olimpico in Turin on Friday night.
Clermont Auvergne and France scrum-half Sam Abendanon says the Rugby Football Union's policy of only selecting English-based players for England has made him a better player and a better person since he moved to France last summer."I don't expect it to change," says the player.
Satisfaction with the NHS in England has fallen to its lowest level in more than 30 years, according to a survey of the public's attitudes to the health service in the UK, a think tank has said in a new report on the issue.The government has dismissed the findings as "untrue".
Who do you think is the greatest boxer of all time - Muhammad Ali, Lennox Lewis, George Foreman, Muhammad Ali or Anthony Joshua? Let us know who you think they are by taking part in our Personality of the World Boxing Superfight! Click here to find out!
The City of London's special representative to the EU has said that France sees Britain and the City as "enemies, not partners" as it seeks to undermine the UK's interests in the Brexit negotiations after the UK leaves the EU, after a meeting with the country's central bank.
Northern Ireland manager Michael O'Neill and his team had to hitch-hike with German fans when they went to the last European Championships in Poland and Ukraine to scout for potential opponents for their Euro 2016 match against Germany on Tuesday night in Paris. But he says he didn't need to do so then.
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored their first goals of the season as Leeds United beat Burton Albion at Elland Road to move into the Championship play-off places with a win that ended the Brewers' 100% start to the campaign in the top half.
Alex Hales hit the fastest-ever Twenty20 century in the first Powerplay as Nottinghamshire beat Durham to set a new record for the fastest ever innings in T20 Blast history at the age of 28.5 overs in a single game in the competition's North Group.
A man has raised thousands of pounds to pay for a terminally-ill Yemeni schoolgirl to be treated in France after she was refused treatment in her home country because she had raised money for cancer patients in Yemen, he has revealed in a BBC interview with the BBC's Panorama.
Lancashire director of cricket Ashley Giles has admitted his side are not good enough after their heavy defeat by Essex in the One-Day Cup at Edgbaston on Tuesday night, despite qualifying for the T20 Blast quarter-finals for the first time this season.
A lifeboat crew member has been removed from duty in a dispute over the conduct of a volunteer coxswain who is being investigated by the RNLI over claims he broke its code of conduct, the charity has said in a statement to BBC News Channel News.
Scientists have discovered the earliest signs of growth in the embryos of some of the largest dinosaurs ever to have roamed the Earth, dating back to the early Cretaceous period of the dinosaurs' early history, according to new analysis of fossilised bones found in China.
Northern Ireland Under-21s reached the semi-finals of the European Championship for the first time in 58 years after beating Spain 1-0 in the first round of qualifying for Euro 2016 in Spain on Saturday. Click here for more details about the match at Hampden Park.
A damning report into the death of a baby born at a Cumbrian hospital has found a "catalogue of missed opportunities" at every level of the health service, from midwife training to the headquarters of national bodies, from the CQC to the Cumbria Ombudsman.
A campaign manager for Donald Trump has been cleared of assaulting a reporter at a rally in Florida last month, a prosecutor has said, clearing him of all charges of assault and disorderly conduct.The Trump campaign has said it is "gratified" by the decision to drop the case.
The Land Rover Defender is one of the world's best-selling sports utility vehicles, but it has long been seen as one of Jaguar Land Rover's most iconic vehicles - and one of its best-loved - but it is about to be given a makeover.
A mother accused of the manslaughter of her two-year-old son has told a court she was "stupid" for not going upstairs to turn on the bath while he was in the water and "all over the place" the day he died in an empty bath.
Five people have pleaded guilty to fraud and election fraud charges relating to a council by-election in which a Liberal Democrat candidate lost his seat to the Conservatives in a by-elections in 2012 and 2013, the Court of Appeal has ruled in a case brought by police.
Dismaland is to be donated to a migrant camp in France after organisers decided not to send it to the "Jungle" migrant camp where it was due to be sent to be used as part of a charity's appeal for help for those affected by the migrant crisis.
Real Madrid have described as "unjustifiable and unacceptable" comments made about Rafael Nadal by a former French government minister about his return from injury as a result of a failed drugs test as a "disgraceful" attack on the five-time Grand Slam champion.
A US aircraft carrier strike group ordered by President Donald Trump to deploy to the Korean peninsula has failed to arrive in the region as planned, the Pentagon has said, in what appears to have been a tactical mix-up with the US military's plans.The Pentagon says it is now "proceeding to the Western Pacific as ordered".
The father and son of a man who was shot dead outside a wedding in County Down have been granted bail by the High Court in Dublin after appearing in court charged in connection with his murder.Â£50,000 bail has been set aside for their release on bail.
Bedfordshire's police station buildings could be replaced with more accessible public spaces in a bid to cut costs, the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC) has said, amid concerns they may look unprofessional to the public if they are closed down.
Ivo Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets to reach the semi-finals of the Madrid Open with a 6-4 6-3 win in the quarter-finals.Â£1.5m prize money was awarded to the Croatian after he beat the Serb 7-6 (7-5) 6-2 in the final.
Plans for a new bridge across the River Thames in Oxfordshire have moved a step closer after councillors agreed to fund a study into its potential impact on traffic congestion in the county and the surrounding area, it has been claimed, following a £250,000 funding boost.
Chelsea have signed goalkeeper Fernando Torres from Benfica for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £5m, on a three-and-a-half-year deal. Click here for more Chelsea transfer news and to follow live coverage on BBC Sport's Football Focus.
Thousands of people from around the world will be taking part in this year's Great North Run on Sunday, 5 April. Check out our special guide to the event, which will be broadcast live on BBC One and the BBC Sport website from 22:00 BST and streamed online.
Exeter City manager John Collins has revealed how he tried to sign Manchester United striker Marcus Rashford last season, only to be turned down by the club's Under-21s coach for a place in their first-team squad, reports BBC Radio Stoke City.
A former Sri Lankan defence minister has been charged with corruption over the discovery of a weapons cache off the coast of the country last year, a court has heard in Colombo, Sri Lanka's capital, reports the BBC's Dinesh Jayawardena.
Australian politician Bob Katter has been criticised for releasing a satirical ad in the run-up to the nation's federal election, in which he poses as a gun-wielding cowboy and fires a smoke gun at two dead men in a scene that mirrors the aftermath of the Orlando nightclub shooting.
NHS bosses in England will be able to fast-track the rollout of new drugs that cost more than £20m a year, under a new plan to cut the cost of the health service's drugs bill by up to £1.5bn over the next five years.
Jordan Clark scored a late winner as Accrington Stanley came from behind to beat Bradford City at Valley Parade and end the Bantams' unbeaten start to the League One season in emphatic style with a 2-1 home win in the EFL Cup first round.
Too many Scottish families are struggling in severe poverty and ending up in food banks, according to a report by the charity that provides advice to people in need of food aid in the country's poorest areas of the country, it has been claimed in a new report.
Glamorgan have signed Middlesex fast bowler Harry Podmore on loan for the first half of the new season as they look to shore up their bowling options in the face of injury problems at the start of the 2017 campaign in the County Championship Division Two season.
Manager Gary Hackett says Northampton Town's FA Cup win over non-league Stourbridge is one of the greatest moments in the history of the club's history and is "one of those special nights" for the whole of the League Two side's supporters.
Lyon and Besiktas were forced to cancel their Europa League last-16 tie after crowd trouble marred the start of their match at the French club's home ground in Lyon.The game was abandoned because of crowd trouble before kick-off on Thursday.
As many as 2.5 million UK savers may not be covered by a scheme which protects savings of up to £85,000 per account, the City regulator has warned.The maximum amount of protection will be cut in the new year, it has been revealed.
Bournemouth have re-signed Norwich City midfielder Oliver Surman on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m is on the table for the player's permanent move to the Premier League club.
Hearts have completed the signing of former Carlisle United States international Prince Buaben on his return to the Scottish Premiership after a spell on trial with the club last season, with a view to a permanent move in the summer of 2017.Â£1.5m.
Wales Under-20s secured their first win of the World Rugby U20 Championship with a hard-fought victory over Italy in the penultimate game of the tournament in Italy.Â£10,000 prize money was awarded to the hosts for the tournament.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man who went missing 14 years ago have begun a search of an area of woodland in the Republic of Ireland's capital, Dublin, in a bid to find his remains, the Irish police have said.Â£1m is to be spent on a digger.
Boreham Wood Ladies will host Arsenal Ladies in the 2017 Women's Super League Cup after agreeing a three-year deal with the Premier League club to play at the Hive for the next two seasons, starting in 2018.Â£250,000 will be used to help fund improvements at Meadow Park.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has signed a new five-year deal with Under Armour to continue as the national team's kit sponsor until the end of the 2020-21 season, with the new deal worth more than £3.7m a year.
Formula 1 bosses have agreed a deal to scrap the controversial double points rule for the 2016 season, the BBC has learned from sources close to the governing body's decision-making body.Â£1.5m is to be paid to Formula 1 teams to end the row over the controversial rule.
Ed Miliband has said he is "not banging on the door to leave the European Union" as he launched his party's campaign for the general election on the first day of campaigning on the issue of the UK's place in the EU, saying: "I'm not going to."
Leicester Tigers can challenge for a top-four Premiership finish this season, says Tigers backs coach Shaun Murphy after his side's Anglo-Welsh Cup final win over Newport Gwent Dragons on Saturday, says BBC Radio Leicester's Mark Lowes and BBC Radio Leicestershire.
Macclesfield maintained their unbeaten start to the National League season with a 1-0 win at Eastleigh in front of a sell-out crowd at the Moss Rose Stadium on Tuesday night, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time because of a yellow card issued by the referee.
Three brothers have been sentenced for a number of drugs offences, including the seizure of cocaine with a street value of more than £500,000 in north Belfast, a court has been told on Wednesday.The brothers have each been sentenced to four years and six months in jail.
The teenager behind Yahoo's news-gathering app Summly, which was bought by the internet giant in 2012, is considering whether to continue working for the company after completing his A-level exams this autumn.The 18-year-old is already working on a version of the app for Apple's smartwatch.
Liverpool midfielder Daniel Sturridge could return for the first time since suffering a knee ligament injury in the 2-1 defeat at Crystal Palace on Boxing Day as he continues his recovery from a knee injury.Southampton midfielder Bruno Ecoule could make his first start of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury.
The Queen has an "amazing" Norfolk accent, her cousin has said, as the monarch prepares to celebrate her 90th birthday with gun salutes and a climb up the UK's highest mountains.Â£1.5bn worth of cake is expected to be served up this year, it has been revealed.
A man has surrendered to police after a woman was taken hostage at a branch of Lloyds bank in Birmingham, prompting a siege lasting more than 12 hours, police have said, but no-one was hurt or were hurt by the man who was holding her hostage.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested in connection with a serious assault in Paisley town centre earlier this month.Police have charged a man with attempted murder and possession of a firearm with intent to cause grievous bodily harm with intent with intent.
British Swimming performance director Mark Scott has resigned after failing to meet a key recommendation from a report into the team's performance at the London 2012 Olympic Games, BBC Sport has learned in the wake of the report's findings."For personal and family reasons, I have offered my resignation," says Scott.
Olympic champion Michael Phelps missed out on a 23rd gold medal of the Rio Games as he finished third in the men's 100m butterfly final as Singapore's Joseph Schooling won gold in the final race of the day at the Olympic Pool One Aquatics centre.
A nine-year-old boy has written to the Football Association looking to become England's next manager, claiming he is the "perfect candidate" to take over the national team following Roy Hodgson's departure from the national side after the World Cup exit to Iceland.
A Conservative MP has called for a "complete review" of the Dangerous Dogs Act after the death of a young boy who was mauled to death by a dog which was not one of the breeds banned in England and Wales under the act, saying it is "simply not effective".
Former world champion Steve Davis is out of the World Championship qualifying event after losing 10-3 to Scotland's Mark Allen in Sheffield on Friday night in the first round of the event's first round qualifiers in the UK Championship's first qualifying event of the season, which began on Monday.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in west Belfast in the early hours of the morning on New Year's Day, prompting a police appeal for help to find her attacker, who is believed to be in his 30s.Police are treating the attack as attempted murder.
Two women have been airlifted to hospital after being rescued by the coastguard from the sea off the Cumbrian coast following an emergency call-out in the early hours of the morning, it has been confirmed to the BBC Wales news website.Â£10,000 worth of fish and chip shop vouchers have been donated to the RNLI.
A dog had to be rescued by firefighters after its back legs became stuck in the back of a chair and it took three firefighters to free it from the metal frame, the RSPCA has said, describing it as a "horrendous" experience for the dog's owner.
The owners of an animal park in Ceredigion have been fined more than £1,000 for illegally using endangered animals. They have been told they will be found new homes after being found guilty of animal cruelty offences by a court judge in Aberystwyth.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) has confirmed the death of Abu Mohammed al-Furqan, one of its most senior propagandists, in a statement posted on its website on Sunday night, a day after the Pentagon said he had been killed.
A man who killed his partner by punching her on a railway platform at a Dorset station has been jailed for more than five years after telling a friend he was going to "kill her" in the days before the attack.A domestic violence protection order had been made against him, police said.
A woman has died after being hit by a bus at a bus depot in Londonderry, the transport company Translink has confirmed.An investigation is under way after a bus hit a wall and a wall in the centre of the city, police have said.
A motorcyclist who died after a crash at the Isle of Man TT motorcycling event has been named by police as David Baker from County Antrim as the victim of the crash.Police have said they are treating the death as "unexplained" and are continuing to investigate.
Jenson Button could return to Williams as a replacement for Valtteri Bottas at the end of the season if the Finn leaves Ferrari and Jenson Button stays at McLaren, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport's Tom D'Aloisio and BBC Radio Lancashire.
Roger Moore has revealed he was told he would not be compared to Sean Connery when he took over as James Bond 007, because he was playing the same role as the actor in the original James Bond films and wanted to avoid any "deliberate" comparisons.
Thousands of elderly people are being left waiting up to 18 months for council care services to be put in place, according to a charity which has urged local councils to do more to improve the service for their elderly relatives and the public in Scotland's care system ahead of the local elections next month.
Wild rabbits and hares are being sought to help map the UK's wild mammal population as part of a national atlas of mammals to be published by the Mammal Society next year.Â£1.5m is being spent on a project to increase the number of wild animals in the UK.
Four people have admitted selling hundreds of sick and neglected puppies for thousands of pounds, some of which died shortly after arriving at their new owners' homes, a court has been told, in a scam worth more than £300,000 in fraud and cruelty to animals.
Four men have appeared in court in London charged with terrorism offences as part of an investigation into an alleged plot to free the leader of a Kurdish militant group in Syria and Iraq, who is wanted by the UK and could be extradited to face charges in the UK.
Amazon has launched its streaming video service Prime Video in the UK, with the launch of a line-up of traditional TV channels for a monthly fee of £7.99 a month, including ITV and Discovery Communications' Eurosport and ITV's ITV Be.Â£3.99.
The Office for Fair Trading (OFT) has lifted an investigation into hotel room discounts offered by some of the UK's largest online travel agents, following a complaint from customers who had previously booked a hotel room at the full rate with one of the websites involved.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, with shares in oil services group Anglo American falling more than 7% after its latest trading update missed expectations and raised questions about its ability to compete in the oil and gas sector in the coming year, sending its share price down more than 10%.
Taylor Swift's Shake It Off has been ruled out of Triple J's Hottest 100 list, despite a social media campaign to get it on the list.Â£50,000 worth of complaints about the song's inclusion, the station has said.ÂÂ£5,000 in 2014.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats chief executive Ian Carter says the club have had talks with other clubs about groundsharing at Headingley, but the club's lease at the venue is "crippling" them financially and they need to find a new ground before the end of 2016.
Prince William has said he does not "lie awake at night waiting to be king" and takes his duties "very seriously" but will not ignore criticism of his workaholic approach to royal duties.The Duke of Cambridge has said the Queen is the "best role model" he could have in front of him.
New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady says he is "sorry" the National Football League had to endure the "challenging experience" of the 'deflate-gate' scandal.Â£40m-a-year ban has been lifted and he can return to action this week.
Japanese messaging service Line has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US on the New York Stock Exchange, according to reports from the Nikkei Item Exchange and Wall Street's Nasdaq exchange, which could be the biggest technology listing of the year so far.
A paramedic who squeezed a colleague's breast has been found guilty of gross misconduct after a misconduct panel found him to be in breach of professional rules on sexual harassment.Â£10,000 worth of fines and a £1,000 penalty for gross misconduct, it has emerged.
A council has been accused of being "hell-bent" on closing a sports centre which could cost up to Â£8m to renovate and repair over the next five years.Any attempt to do so would be a "declaration of war" on the town it serves, a parish council has said.
The Russian consul to Greece has been found dead in his Athens apartment, according to local media reports, with his body found lying on the floor of his bedroom, apparently by a member of the security staff who had been called in to check on his whereabouts.
Renault has told Formula 1 authorities that it will no longer supply engines to Red Bull next year, the French company has told the sport's governing body F1 governing body, the BBC has learned from one of its senior executives in an exclusive interview.Â£1bn-a-year relationship with the Austrian team is over.
Belfast City Council has said the BBC is an "ideal candidate" to anchor a major retail development in the city centre as part of a multi-million pound regeneration plan for the Northside of the city in the next five to 10 years, if the corporation moves to the city.
A man and his dog have been rescued after becoming stuck in a tree while trying to retrieve their pet dog from a fallen tree in Greater Manchester, the fire service has said, in what it described as an "incident of great concern".Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused.
Thieves have broken into dozens of businesses at an industrial estate in Birmingham over the past year, it has been claimed by the BBC's Crimewatch.com news website, and stolen thousands of pounds worth of equipment and other items worth more than £1.5m.
Social media users in India are debating whether men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds should be charged under the 14-second limit for "staring" at them, after an excise official's statement went viral on Saturday.Â£1.5bn worth of sunglasses sales could be affected if the law was changed.
Former Strictly Come Dancing host Sir Bruce Forsyth is to return to the BBC in time to co-host this year's Children In Need special.Â£1.5m will be raised for charity, it has been announced. Â£2.2m is to be raised by the BBC.
The UK is to keep free trade deals with the world's poorest countries after it leaves the European Union, the government has announced.Â£2bn worth of goods imported from countries such as South Africa and South Sudan will not be affected by the Brexit vote.
A paralysed woman has become the first person to complete the Great North Run using a robotic exoskeleton to help her walk the distance.Â£50,000 worth of equipment has been donated by the Royal National Equestrian Society (RNE) for the challenge.
At least eight people have been killed in an attack on the National Directorate of Security (NDS) compound in central Kabul, the Afghan interior ministry has said, after security forces repelled a suicide car bomb attack on its headquarters in the Afghan capital, Kabul.
Rising house prices in China have left millions of young people struggling to find a decent-sized home to live in, according to a report by the country's state-run Xinhua news agency, which says the country is the world's most expensive property market.
Two more people have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his garden in Lancashire five years ago, police have said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC)   Â£10,000 reward.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation (NMF) has called on South Africa's President Jacob Zuma to step down, accusing him of "crippling the state" and "personalising" issues of state affairs in a bid to shore up his position as the country's leader.
A ban on the use of e-cigarettes indoors and the sale of intimate piercings for under-16s are among new measures to be introduced in Wales, the Welsh government has announced in the latest draft of its draft health bill, which also includes a ban on tattoo parlours.
Liverpool are "one of the superpowers of football" and Raheem Sterling's ambition is to win trophies, says manager Brendan Rodgers, who says the England forward has put off talk of a new contract at the club to focus on his football career instead.
If you're in your late 60s or 70s, you know the frustration of having to work until you can't bear to do it any more - the end of the workaholics' long-winded, thank-you note-like routine.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing at record highs, helped by a rise in oil prices and a strong lead from Goldman Sachs and a rise on the Nasdaq index of technology stocks.
Great Britain will host the European Blind and visually-impaired Judo Championships for the first time in five years on 10 June, it has been announced by the International Olympic Committee (IOC) and British Para-athletics Federation (BPC).
A new hospital trust run by County Hospital in Stafford has been rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog, with one of its services rated as "unsafe" and one rated "unsatisfactory" as a result of poor patient safety and waiting times.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter says he understands the decision by the Rugby Players' Association to appoint Gregor Townsend as his successor next season, but will not be affected by the union's decision."I respect it and just move on," says the 59-year-old.
Germany's data watchdog has ordered Facebook to hand over the details of its users' data to the parent company, WhatsApp, as part of an investigation into how the messaging service handles its privacy settings and allows it to share data with its parent company Facebook, which owns it.
Matthew Perry, who played Matt Lauer in the hit US sitcom Friends, is set to reunite with his former co-stars for a special episode of the show's 10th anniversary special next month, it has been reported, but it is not expected to be a reunion.
Wales football fans have paid tribute to their team after they were knocked out of Euro 2016 in the semi-finals, saying they had "inspired a nation" and "made Britain proud" by reaching the final of a major tournament for the first time in their history.
Mosques across the UK are to mark Visit My Mosque Day, in a bid to "de-mystify" Islam and "break down barriers" in the wake of the Paris attacks, the Muslim Council of Britain has said, as it launched the event.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says he is "absolutely committed" to the club and will not be distracted by speculation linking him with the England manager's job in the future, despite the controversy surrounding his sacking of boss Eddie Howe's former boss Eddie Jones.
A UK vote to leave the EU would cause an "economic shock" to the world economy, according to the G20 group of finance ministers, which also includes IMF chief Christine Lagarde and US Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner and UK Foreign Secretary William Hague.
A former soldier who was awarded a post-traumatic stress disorder medal by the Prince of Wales says he is struggling to get treatment for the disorder, which has left him angry and bitter about his life since he left the armed forces in 2005, the Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
US Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump has sparked a firestorm after suggesting gun rights supporters could stop his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton from abolishing the right to bear arms if she wins the election, the Secret Service has said it is aware of his remarks.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in campaign donations
The National Union of Students (NUS) is launching a campaign against Liberal Democrat MPs who "traded lies for power" in the run-up to the general election, says its president, Toni Pearce, in a bid to mobilise the student vote.
The UK's new commissioner for human trafficking has said he is "extremely concerned" about the exploitation of Nigerians brought to the UK from Nigeria to work in the sex trade or as domestic servants.The demand for slavery in the UK is a "big problem", he has said.
People who spend long periods of time sitting and doing little exercise are ageing faster than those who exercise more frequently, a study has found, raising the risk of ill health in old age, say scientists in the US and Canada, who say the benefits of exercise should be discussed early in life.
Turkish police have fired tear gas and water cannon at protesters in Istanbul and the southern city of Izmir as they tried to disperse a second night of anti-government demonstrations in the country's largest city, Istanbul, and in other towns and cities across the country.
House prices in Northern Ireland continued to rise in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures for the first time in four quarters of this year, but at a much slower rate than in the previous four quarters, it is the slowest annual rise since 2009.
The BBC should have a dedicated books programme, according to British author Neil Gaiman, who has called for the corporation to fulfil its "charter remit" of giving books "back to the people" in the form of royalties.Â£1m a year should be spent on books, he has said.
A Conservative MP's chief of staff has appeared in court charged with raping a woman at the Houses of Parliament, Westminster Magistrates' Court has been told to stay away from the alleged victim while he is in court next month.Â£20,000 bail has been granted for a man accused of rape and sexual assault.
A fire has broken out at an unoccupied secondary school in West Yorkshire where GCSE results had been due to be collected, the fire service has said, but it is not believed to have been started deliberately by an electrical fault or faulty electrics or electrical equipment.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Stuart Hogg says their new artificial pitch will give them an "added advantage" as they prepare for their 2016-17 campaign on their own home turf for the first time in more than a decade this summer.Â£1.5m Worcester Warriors' pre-season training camp starts on Friday.
(Close): London's leading shares closed slightly lower on Wednesday, with the FTSE 100 index closing down for the second day in a row, but banking shares were among the day's top gainers, helped by a rise in the banking sector after the collapse of Banco Popular.
A US hospital in Los Angeles has confirmed that it was targeted by hackers demanding a $17,000 (£10,000) ransom to restore access to its computer systems after being hit by a ransomware cyber-attack last week.Â£1.5m has been paid to the hackers.
British eventer Emily Gilruth is "progressing steadily" in hospital after suffering a serious head injury in a fall at the Badminton Horse Trials, the eventing governing body has said in a statement to BBC News NI's Victoria Derbyshire.
The brother of a Scottish aid worker murdered in Syria has said he thought it was the "worst day of his life" when he saw his murdered brother's face in a video released by Islamic State militants in the Middle East a year ago and vowed to carry on his work to counter extremism.
MPs are to set up a new committee to examine the future of the job of House of Commons clerk of the House, Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has told MPs, amid a row over the appointment of a new official to the post.Â£200,000-a-year post.
The daughter of the first baby to be born on an air ambulance flight has joined Loganair as a cabin crew attendant, it has been announced on the airline's Facebook page and on its official website, to mark the 40th anniversary of her birth.Â£50,000 in air ambulance funding.
Jeremy Corbyn has been criticised for saying the death of Osama Bin Laden was "yet another tragedy, upon a tragedy" and compared it to the 9/11 attacks on the attacks on New York and the attacks in the US on 11 September 2001, saying it was "another assassination attempt".
Angelina Jolie is to direct and star in a film about conservationist John Leakey, who has been working to protect elephants in Kenya's Serengeti National Park for more than 30 years, in a biopic to be released in 2017.
The BBC has lost the rights to one of its biggest hit comedies - Family Guy, it has been announced - but it won't be the last time you'll see the show on the corporation's TV screens, it's been confirmed by US network Fox.
Wreaths are to be laid across the Republic of Ireland on Monday to mark the centenary of the Easter Rising, one of the most violent events of the 1916 Easter Rising against British rule in the Irish border states and the British-Irish border region between Ireland and the United Kingdom.
Scottish Secretary David Mundell has been reappointed as secretary of state for Scotland in the new Conservative cabinet reshuffle, it has been announced.Â£1.5bn-a-year Conservative Party sources have told BBC Scotland that he will remain in the job.
Sir Paul McCartney and his wife Nancy Shevell have topped the Sunday Times Rich List for the second year in a row, with a combined wealth of £730m, the newspaper has revealed.The Beatles' Ringo Starr and Sir Elton John are among the richest men in Britain and Ireland.
Drugs smuggler Howard Marks, who wrote a best-selling book about his life in prison, has died at the age of 74 after a long battle with cancer, his family has said."He fought the illness with grace and humour," said his spokesman.
Somerset director of cricket Steve Rogers says his side were not serious about winning the County Championship title as they lost to Middlesex by one wicket in a thrilling finish in their final match of the season.Â£1m win would have been "lovely", says the club captain.
John Swinney knew last month that the Scottish government was going to have to balance its books for the next financial year by the end of the year in the form of a budget, and that he would need to balance the books with the money he would be getting from Westminster.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the honours system has to "do its job properly" in the wake of the Jimmy Savile sex abuse scandal, but has not ruled out stripping the disgraced DJ of his knighthood if he is found to have brought the honour into disrepute.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho has had his first meeting with Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho at Old Trafford, and it didn't go down to the best of terms, as the two managers had a heated exchange of words on the touchline on Saturday.Â£50,000 worth of beer was thrown at each other.
Alloa Athletic manager John Goodwin says he has benefitted from taking himself out of the playing side of the game to allow his players to play more of a central role in the team's success this season and to give him the best chance of success in his managerial role.
Claudio Ranieri's reign as Leicester City's Premier League manager came to an abrupt end on Thursday with the sacking of the man who led the Foxes to the title last season - but what does that mean for the rest of the club's season?
A post-mortem examination on a man who died of measles has failed to find a cause of death, Public Health Wales has confirmed to the inquest into the death of the man's sudden death on suspicion of having the illness, it has emerged.An inquest has been opened and adjourned.
A teenager accused of plotting to kill Labour MP Jo Cox has told a court he did agree with the man who killed her but did not think he should be murdered.A jury has heard he was "being edgy" when he called him a "race traitor" at the time.
MPs have voted to give the government the go-ahead to start the formal process of leaving the EU, despite a rebellion by some Labour MPs over the bill's passage through the Commons on Tuesday night, despite the loss of one front-bench member in the second vote.
Businesses should be given more time to adapt to changes to business rates, a London MP has said, amid claims they could lead to a "cliff edge" rise in the cost of running their businesses in the capital and the South East in some areas of the country.
Dover moved to within a point of the National League play-off places with a 2-0 win over Guiseley at the Crabble Athletic Athletic Ground, with Ricky Miller scoring his 19th goal of the season to help the hosts to the top of the table.
Derbyshire seamer Tom Taylor has signed a new two-year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season, with the option of a further 12 months at the County Championship Division Two club.Â£10,000 will be paid to keep him at Derbyshire until 2019.
Firefighters involved in the rescue of the victims of the Alton Towers rollercoaster crash said it was the "most technical rescue they will ever carry out in their careers", one of the incident commanders has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news programme.
South Africa's competition authorities have accused the country's biggest banks of colluding to rig foreign exchange markets to fix the value of the rand against the US dollar and other currencies, including the dollar, from 2007 to 2012.The country's largest banks have been accused of rigging the currency market.
Welsh boxer Joe Cordina says he will turn professional in the "near future" after failing to reach the quarter-finals of the Olympic Games in Rio last year.Â£100,000-rated boxer Joe Calzaghe has urged him to follow in the footsteps of his Welsh compatriot Liam Williams.
More than 100 drivers a day have been caught speeding on a stretch of the M4 in south Wales since new speed cameras went live, new figures have shown, despite a drop in the number of people being caught in the first week of the trial scheme, it has been revealed.
Irish police have seized cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than Â£1m in County Meath during a raid on a suspected illegal cannabis farm in the Republic of Ireland's north-easternmost town, County Fermanagh, police have said.
Russian MPs are debating two bills that would make it easier for Russian citizens to join the country if part of a neighbouring state becomes a "new subject" of the Russian Federation, in the wake of the crisis in Ukraine and the Ukraine-Russia border war of 2014-15.
Education Secretary John Swinney has said there is "much to be proud of" in Scotland's education system despite a fall in the number of teachers in some local authority areas of the country in recent years and a rise in pupil-teacher ratios in others.
A man armed with a knife has robbed a van driver in Glasgow city centre after he dropped off a man who had been picked up by the driver in the city centre in his car.Police are appealing for information after the man was left shaken by the incident.
A man has been jailed after police found an arsenal of weapons and ammunition in his home, including an Enfield pistol and a World War Two machine gun, it has been claimed by a former SAS soldier who helped him train him as an SAS soldier in Herefordshire.
A new unisex toilet is to be built in a park in the Chinese capital, Beijing, to ease the problem of long queues for public toilets, say local officials, state media report, citing local government officials and local media. But there is no word yet on whether people will embrace the idea, as there are no plans yet to build more such facilities.
It's the kind of scandal that makes headlines around the world every time a politician is caught with their pants down or caught smoking crack cocaine in a toilet cubicle or meeting a prostitute in a bar on a night out in the capital city of Stuttgart - a scandal that has caused outrage in Germany.
Tim Peake's mission to the International Space Station (ISS) is about to come to an end and it is likely to be the most gruelling of his career, but it is also the most important scientific research mission ever undertaken by a man on board the station.
Leeds United defender Kyle Bartley has praised manager Pep Guardiola for making his side "look a lot more solid" as they prepare to face Middlesbrough at Elland Road on Saturday.Â£5m-rated Leeds United have won their last three games in all competitions.
Work on a new main stand at Tynecastle is set to start next month as part of a major redevelopment of the stadium's main stand.Â£1.5m of public money is to be spent on the project, it has been announced by the Scottish Premiership club.
At a music festival in Brilon, in the heartland of Germany's North Rhine-Westphalia state, Angela Merkel was joined by a brass band as she took to the stage for a campaign rally in front of a crowd of about 1,000 people.
The US is arming pro-democracy protesters in Ukraine, according to a close ally of Russian President Vladimir Putin, who has accused the US of violating a security agreement with the country's ex-Soviet ally Russia in the stand-off with President Viktor Yanukovych's government.
A man has been charged with the murder of a father-of-three who was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Bedfordshire, police have said, following a second inquest into the death of the man's death on the Isle of Wight.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the Welsh assembly has the power to set minimum wage levels for agricultural workers in Wales, the Welsh government has said, after a long-running legal wrangle with the UK government over the issue.UK ministers have said they will study the ruling in detail.
One Direction fans have been given a boost after Liam Payne and Zayn Malik confirmed they're staying in the band and will tour with them in the UK in the summer, it's been announced on their official Twitter account and Facebook page, @OneDanceRadio1.
Sierra Leone's President Ernest Bai Koroma has referred the country's controversial Safe Abortion Act to the constitution review committee, which will decide whether to include it in a referendum on the issue, the BBC's Umaru Fofana reports from Freetown.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has called for an end to dependence on foreign aid, saying that it is time to "give it up" and focus on economic growth and development in the country's own terms and conditions, rather than "in exchange for aid".
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Andreas Christensen from Fulham on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, for an initial fee of about £1.5m, on a three-and-a-half year deal.
Former Miami Dolphins football player Chris Konrad has been rescued after his boat capsized in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of Florida, US media reports say, bringing to an end a 17-year career in the sport he had enjoyed for more than a decade.
Northern Ireland's most senior police officer has said he is disappointed by the failure to reach an agreement on dealing with the legacy of the past in Northern Ireland's political negotiations.Â£160m of extra funding for the PSNI is needed to tackle dissident republicans, he has said.
The Cavern Club in Liverpool is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a day of events to mark the start of The Beatles' run at the venue in the city in 1961, when John Lennon, George Harrison and Paul McCartney made their first appearance as The Beatles at lunchtime.
British number two Heather Watson and number three Naomi Broady both lost in the first round of the Monterrey Open in Mexico on Tuesday.Â£1.5m is on offer to the top 100 players in the WTA's main draw in Mexico, Mexico City.
Thailand's former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has been charged with negligence over a rice subsidy scheme that led to her removal as prime minister in a military coup in May 2014, a court in Bangkok has heard on a criminal case.If found guilty, she could face up to 10 years in prison.
Ed Miliband has said he is "absolutely serious" about keeping his election pledges, after unveiling a giant stone "pledge stone" to remind the British people he is serious about delivering them if he wins the general election on 8 May, and that millions of people are "turned off" by politicians who do not keep them.
Plans for a new school campus in the Scottish Borders have moved a step closer after councillors approved a pre-application for planning permission.Â£2.5m of funding was approved by the Scottish government for the project.ÂÂ£1.6m of public money is to be used for the development.
Comedian Norman Collier, known for his chicken impression, has died at the age of 91, his family and friends have confirmed."All I ever wanted to do was make people laugh," said the star of the 1970s and 80s, who was known as "the last of the Vaudevillians".
Leyton Orient's League Two play-off hopes suffered a major setback as they were thrashed by Crawley at the Kenilworth Road end-of-season awards.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the Crawley Town Supporters' Club.
The family of a boy with a rare condition have said his world has been "turned upside down" after his iPad was stolen from his home.Â£1,000 worth of electronic equipment was stolen in an act of theft.Â© Alastair Stuart family.
The fall in the value of the pound will "crush" consumer spending and lead to a slowdown in the UK economy this year and next, according to a leading economic think tank, but it is still likely to boost exports in the long-term, it has said.
A group of street performers are taking people on guided tours of Edinburgh's streets as part of a new project to highlight the city's hidden history and community spirit and raise awareness of homelessness and social issues in the city centre, it has been announced in a bid to raise funds.
Relatives of two inmates who killed themselves at a prison have failed in a High Court bid to sue the governor and justice secretary over "systemic failures" in the way they were cared for by the prison service, the Court of Appeal has ruled in a case brought by the families.
A year on from the devastating earthquake in Nepal, BBC News NI wants to hear from you - and we want to know what happened during the disaster and how things have changed since it happened. Please email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories.
Critics have given The Dark Knight Rises five star reviews, with one calling it "the best comic book film of the year" and another saying it is "a fitting epitaph for the hero Gotham deserves" in the wake of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice.
Guiseley have signed Mansfield Town midfielder Chris Hurst on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1,000 is to be paid to the midfielder.Â© BBC Radio Wrexham/Mansfield Town.
The line-up for this year's Bestival on the Isle of Wight has been announced, with a host of female acts on the bill, in the wake of criticism of other music festivals for not including enough female acts in their line-ups this year.
(Close): London's leading shares closed lower on Wednesday, dragged down by mining and oil and gas firms. The FTSE 100 ended the day 0.5% lower, with Anglo American the biggest faller, while the pound was up 0.18% against the dollar.
More than 4,000 athletes competing at the Rio Olympics had no record of drug testing in 2016, according to a report by the anti-doping agency Wada.The organisation has criticised the "organised chaos" of the Games' drugs-testing programme, saying it was "obviously compromised".
A US Muslim group in Washington DC was evacuated after receiving a suspicious package containing a white powder and a hate message, its leader, Nihad Awad Awad, has said in a Twitter message to US media reports from the scene of the incident.The FBI is investigating the package.
A man has been charged with the murder of a mother-of-two who was found strangled at a house in Hampshire, police have said in a post-mortem examination report to the procurator fiscal (preliminary inquest) into her death.
One of China's richest men, Zhou Chengjian, the chairman of the clothing firm Metersbonwe, has gone missing for several days, the company has said in a filing to the Hong Kong stock exchange, but has not been able to reach him.
The BBC has a reputation for being very good at keeping things quiet, especially when it comes to big news announcements about the launch of new programmes or news programmes on its new digital channel or on the BBC One news channel, or on its existing TV channel, as it is known.
An electronic prescribing system for medicines in Welsh hospitals should be brought in sooner, the Welsh Audit Office (WAO) has said in a new report on medicines management in the country's health service, following a review of the current system by NHS staff and auditors.
Royal Mail has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits as the number of letters being sent through the post continued to fall and cost-cutting measures were stepped up, sending its share price down sharply on Thursday morning after the company warned of a "challenging" Christmas.
A steam railway group has appealed for help to build a footbridge over a river in the Highlands so it can run to and from Aviemore and Grantown-on-Spey for the first time since the 1970s and 1980s.Â£10,000 has been donated to help fund the project.
The German press is urging the UK to vote to stay in the European Union, urging the prime minister to make a last-ditch effort to secure Britain's vote to remain in the EU.As the referendum looms, the BBC's Mark Lowen reports from Berlin, where the real possibility that Britain may vote to leave is growing.
A nurse who shared sexually explicit comments about patients on Facebook has been sacked after being found guilty of gross misconduct by a health care watchdog, it has been revealed at a disciplinary panel hearing in London.Â£10,000 compensation has been awarded to one of her victims.
A new Nigerian musical has opened in London's West End in the hope of giving young Nigerians a taste of what it is like to live in the West African country today and how it affects the lives of those who live and work in the world around the world.
YouTube has defended itself against criticism from the music industry that it is not paying musicians enough to use its video-streaming site to earn money from unauthorised music videos, in a row that has lasted more than a month and cost the company more than $3bn (Â£2bn).
A woman who was conned out of £50,000 by email scammers has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme how she was tricked into paying them through the back door of her bank account - without realising she had been targeted by cyber-criminals.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after her car left the road and hit a tree in Aberdeenshire and ended up on its side in a lay-by on the side of the A9 in the Borders.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the vehicle.
Scientists have recreated a dinosaur that would have been 10 times bigger than the biggest elephant to walk on land, using a robot to help answer some of the big questions about sauropod gigantism and how they would have coped with their enormous bulk.
The Venezuelan government has rejected a request from Chile to reveal the whereabouts of a journalist who has been detained in Caracas for more than a week, saying he is being held on suspicion of extortion and fraud, the country's foreign ministry has said in a statement.
Dogs should be banned from playing on beaches under proposals being considered by South Gloucestershire Council, according to a public vote in the county council's annual general meeting on the issue, it has been suggested by the authority's environmental policy committee (EPCSO).
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, boosted by a strong jobs report that showed the US economy added more than expected in the final three months of the year and a rise in the S&P 500 and Nasdaq index in the previous month.
Bomber Command veterans are being urged to register their names as part of a project to mark the 75th anniversary of the end of World War Two.Organisers of a new centre honouring the men who served in Bomber Command say they have already identified more than 100.
Motorists are being warned to expect delays and cancellations as millions of people travel to and from Wales for the Easter weekend, including rail passengers from Cardiff to London and the capital to Amsterdam and Tenerife.Drivers are being urged to allow for extra time for their journeys.
At least 18 people have been killed in a collision between a bus and a lorry in Germany, police say, after the bus caught fire and burst into flames in the early hours of Tuesday morning and the lorry's trailer became engulfed in flames as it tried to escape.
Sussex seamer Matt Magoffin has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury, the club have confirmed to BBC Sussex's cricket correspondent Mark Dowson-Dowd on Twitter.Â£10,000 compensation is to be paid to Magoffins for the loss of his contract.
England's hopes of winning the Twenty20 series against Pakistan ended with a crushing nine-wicket defeat at Old Trafford as the hosts lost by nine wickets in the final game of the three-match contest.Â£1.5m will be spent on Pakistan's tour of England.
A memorial plaque has been unveiled in Wigan to honour a teacher who was murdered by a pupil at her former school in the wake of the schoolgirl's death last year, it has been revealed to the public for the first time in her home town of 19 years.
Nicola Sturgeon has said there is "no reason at all why Plaid Cymru can't win in Wales" and pledged to work with Leanne Wood as leader of the Green Party of Wales in the best interests of Scotland and Wales in her party's interests.
Police have appealed for information after a guard on a train was spat at and sworn at by a passenger on board a train in South Lanarkshire, prompting a police appeal for information to help catch the man responsible for the assault.Â£2,000 in a reward for information.
A court in India has sentenced a former minister to death for her role in the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in the western state of Gujarat, in which 97 people were killed in a single day, including a newborn baby girl, aged 20 days old, and two others to life in jail.
Bangladesh has named the six gunmen who carried out Friday's deadly attack on a cafe in the capital, Dhaka, and said they belonged to a banned militant group with "no links" to the Islamic State (IS) militant group in the country.
Floyd Mayweather has been cleared to use 8oz gloves in his super-fight against Conor McGregor in Las Vegas on 26 August after the Irishman's camp submitted a document to the sport's authorities to allow him to use the lightweight fighters' lightweight version of the 10oz version.
An Australian court has ruled that internet service providers (ISPs) must hand over details of customers who illegally downloaded a Hollywood film to a US company.The decision could help deter illegal file-sharing, a legal expert has said, but only if the data is used to recover damages.
Wigan Warriors half-back Tom Flower has been banned for two months for an elbow to the head of St Helens' Matty Marsh in the Super League play-off semi-final at Leigh Centurions on Saturday.It was a "reckless act", a disciplinary panel has ruled.
Nasa has revealed its plans to send humans to Mars, and that they hope it will happen by the end of the next decade, using all the research and technology it has already done on the Red Planet, and all the new gadgets it has developed over the last 40 years.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, but shares in Hewlett-Packard fell after it reported lower-than-expected profits and warned that its quarterly cash flow would be its worst since 2009, sending the company's shares down more than 7%.
Nigeria's military says it has freed more than 200 hostages held by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram in the north-eastern Borno state since last year, as part of a major offensive against the militants. However, the number has not yet been released.
Israel has postponed a vote on the approval of hundreds of new homes in Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank, a Jerusalem planning committee member has told the BBC, to avoid further straining relations with the United States over its decision not to veto a UN resolution on the issue.
Justin Kluivert, the son of former Netherlands striker Patrick, made his debut for Ajax as the Dutch champions beat PEC Zwolle in the Eredivisie to move up to second place in the Dutch top flight for the first time this season.
The number of house sales in the UK fell to its lowest level for more than a year in June, according to the latest official figures, which show the number of transactions has fallen below 100,000 for the first time since October 2016, official figures show.
Barnsley boss Lee Johnson says he understands why some fans want him to leave the club, but believes he will stay if he is offered the job at the end of the season, despite their poor start to the campaign and a run of five straight defeats in League One.
La La Land, starring Emma Stone and Ryan Gosling, has won the People's Choice award at the Toronto Film Festival, which is voted for by the film's fans.Â£1m film is to be released in the UK and Ireland next year.
A team of Hampshire firefighters have set a new world record for the largest naan bread ever cooked by a single person, raising more than Â£100,000 for charity.Â£3,000 has been raised for the firefighters' charity, it has been revealed.
Edinburgh is preparing to welcome the world's best performing arts festival to the city for the first time in more than 50 years.The Royal Edinburgh International Festival gets under way on Sunday, with more than 3,000 performers and more than 1,000 venues.
A "dangerous" 15-year-old boy who raped and sexually assaulted five underage girls has been jailed for three years and three months.A judge has described him as a "dangerously dangerous" teenager who "intimidated and pestered" his victims.
The entire governing board of the Vatican bank is to be replaced as part of a major overhaul of the organisation, the Vatican has announced in a press conference in the Italian capital, Rome, on Thursday.The Vatican bank will be renamed the Institute for Religious Works (IOR).
Jeremy Corbyn is on course to win the Labour leadership contest, a new opinion poll suggests, with a majority of party supporters backing the left-winger in the final round of voting on Thursday night, ahead of his main rival in the contest.Â£1bn of spending cuts could be avoided if he is re-elected, a poll suggests.
Thailand's Senate has rejected a bill that would have allowed former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra to return to the country without serving a prison sentence, amid protests in the capital, Bangkok, after it was passed by the lower house of parliament on Sunday.
JP Morgan is planning to relocate up to 1,000 jobs out of London as part of its Brexit contingency plans, according to reports from the US financial services giant, Bloomberg has reported, but it is unclear how many jobs it plans to move out of the UK.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford set a new British long jump record to win gold at the Great City Games in Manchester, which was held a week after the suicide bomb attack in the city killed 22 people in which left dozens of people dead and injured dozens of others.
Some parents may be "overfeeding" their babies and young children, potentially putting them at greater risk of obesity, a report has said, calling for better guidance on feeding guidelines for infants and toddler food advice from public health bodies and parenting websites such as Netmums and the NHS.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election will be held on 5 May, the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has announced, after the party's leader Arlene Foster said she would not be standing for re-election as an MP in Northern Ireland's assembly election.
A woman who was denied a life-extending drug for breast cancer by the Scottish government has said it was "barbaric" to be told there was a drug available but she could not have it when she was told it was not available on the NHS.
Tranmere extended their unbeaten run in the National League to seven games with a convincing 4-1 win over Dover at the Crabble Athletic Ground, despite being held to a draw at home by the Dover Athletic Athletic Athletic League One side.Â£1,000-rated Tranmere Rovers remain unbeaten in the league this season.
The owners of Blackpool Football League club have begun legal action against a fan who criticised them on social media over comments he made about the club's owners' running of the football club, a court has been told in a bid to force him to pay damages.
Britain's Chris Froome is on course to become the first man since Miguel Indurain to win three Tour de France titles as he won stage 20 of this year's race in rain-hit conditions in Montpellier on Saturday night to take the leader's yellow jersey.
One of Scotland's most famous buildings, designed by Charles Rennie Mackintosh, has been officially opened to the public for the first time since it was completed in 1909 - 100 years after it was first commissioned by the Scottish architect and architect's friend, George Gifford Hepworth.
Queen of the South manager Lee Naysmith has praised Motherwell boss Faddy Kelly for allowing winger Dominic Thomas to join the Championship club and midfielder Joe Thomson to move to Dumbarton on loan from Celtic for the rest of the season."I have to thank Motherwell and James McFadden for letting Dom Thomas join us," said the QPR boss.
Three men have been arrested in connection with the murder of Paul McIlhagga, who was shot dead in a paramilitary-style attack in County Antrim earlier this month, the PSNI has said.Â£10,000 bail has been set aside for a further three men arrested on Wednesday.
A salvage team has begun an initial inspection of the platform that ran aground on the Western Isles, but work to refloat the rig could take some time, officials have warned residents in the area to stay away from the site.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused by the grounding of the rig.
Thieves have stolen a collection of war medals from the home of a 91-year-old man who died in a suspected arson attack in the early hours of the morning of 23 June, police have said in a new appeal to find the thieves' culprits.
A Conservative MP has called for a ban on fireworks displays in people's back gardens, saying they are "rubbish" and should be controlled by a licensed operator instead of the public.The government has rejected a call for a total ban on the use of fireworks.
Texas Senator Ted Cruz and Florida Senator Marco Rubio are the front-runners in the Republican race for the White House, but they're not just locked in a battle over who will be the party's presidential candidate in November's mid-term elections, as polls suggest.
A priest who claims he was repeatedly raped by a vicar in Bradford in the 1980s has made a complaint to the Archbishop of York, the Bishop of Doncaster and three former bishops, it has been claimed in the Guardian newspaper, but has been refused permission to make it out of time.
Jockeys are "unhappy" about the prospect of racing on Good Friday for the first time next year, according to the president of the British Horseracing Association (Racing UK) - the body representing the sport's top riders.The organisation is calling for the move to be scrapped.
Companies should be banned from bidding for public sector contracts in Wales to increase the number of women in public life, a group of AMs and peers has said in a report to the Welsh government's assembly members and the Welsh language commissioner for Wales.Â£1bn should be spent on women's education by 2020, it has been suggested.
Mesut Ozil says it is his "preference" to stay at Arsenal once the club's pre-season tour of Australia and China ends in July, but will not commit his future to the Gunners until after the end of the tour in August.
The first of the Paris attacks suspects to be buried has been secretly buried in a family plot, French media reports say, amid fears it could become a target of future attacks or a shrine for the dead militants who carried out the attacks in the city last month.
Masters champion Sergio Garcia carded a five-under-par 67 to share the lead after the opening round of the BMW PGA Championship in Germany on Monday.Â£1.5m is on offer for the world number one golfer in the world's top 10.
Ruweyda is one of the youngest people we've ever met in our series of Newsround viewers, and she's one of only two people in the world to be able to speak in full sentences at school and to walk down the street. That's right, she can't talk at school.
Two more bottles of whisky salvaged from a shipwreck which inspired the novel Whisky Galore could be added to the list of those thought to have survived, it has been claimed by the National Trust for Hebridean islanders who own the property where they are kept.
Archaeologists say they have found the "most dated Mesolithic encampment ever found in the UK" at a site near Stonehenge, dating back to around 4,500 years ago, but have raised concerns about its potential impact on a nearby road tunnel.
Every UK household would see their income fall by £850 a year if the UK left the European Union, according to a new report.Campaigners have attacked a think tank's claim that leaving the EU would cost the economy £850 per household in the short-term.
Championship play-off hopefuls Leeds United were knocked out of the play-offs as they were beaten by Wolves at Elland Road, who secured second place on goal difference from second-placed Huddersfield and a top-four finish.
Hollywood actress Jennifer Lawrence has written an essay about why she decided not to fight for more money when she was paid less than her male co-stars in the US film American Hustle, saying she wanted to be "liked" rather than "difficult or'spoiled'.
The son of a champion powerboat racer is in a stable condition in hospital after his father's boat overturned off the coast of Southampton, police have said, following a collision with a buoy at Hamble Point, Hampshire, leaving him with life-threatening injuries.
Large and potentially hazardous lakes could form on the surface of one of the world's most important glaciers, scientists have warned in a new study published in the journal Climbing and Ice Research journal (CIRL) from the universities of Sheffield and Leeds say, amid concerns about melting ice.
BBC Sport takes a look at some of the top stories from the world of sport over the past week, as the BBC Sport website looks at the best of the year's sporting news, plus some of your favourite moments from the past 12 months in the news and social media.
Pope Francis has pardoned a priest who was jailed for leaking confidential documents from the Vatican, in the latest twist in the so-called "Vatileaks" scandal that led to the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI's former butler Paolo Gabriele.
The stars of the new Star Trek film, Star Trek Beyond, have welcomed the inclusion of a gay character for the first time in the sci-fi franchise's 50-year history, despite criticism from George Takei and Gene Roddenberry's son.
The results of the UK general election have been announced, with the SNP holding on to power in the Scottish Parliament, while Labour and the Conservatives making gains in the London Assembly and local elections across the country, and UKIP making gains elsewhere in the country and Plaid Cymru the biggest loser.
The work and pensions secretary has defended the government's welfare reforms, insisting they are not designed to "hurt or to harm disabled people" but to help those who need help to get back to work and get back into the workforce in the long-term.
Eugene has defended its bid to host the 2021 World Athletics Championships, saying the decision to award the event to the city was made "in accordance with IAAF rules and legal precedent" by the sport's world governing body, despite criticism from Gothenburg.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will not resign as an MP if the Conservatives decide to back Heathrow expansion, saying he would "lie down in front of bulldozers" to stop the project if he was in charge at the time of the next election.
Torquay boosted their National League survival hopes with a late win over struggling Kidderminster Harriers, who are now just one point above the National League relegation zone bottom club Boreham Wood with nine games to go in the league season to go, writes BBC Radio Solent.
A former civil servant in Myanmar (also known as Burma) has admitted buying a fake PhD degree to get a job in the new government, the BBC has learned from his LinkedIn page, where the title is still listed as "Dr" on his job application form.
A former soldier who fired the rubber bullet that killed a west Belfast schoolboy could face a "significant risk to his health" if he is unable to give evidence at his inquest, a coroner has said.A barrister for the Ministry of Defence has expressed "significant reservations" about his fitness to attend.
This year's Today at Wimbledon will not feature a studio audience, the BBC has announced, after criticism of the format of the show's chat show-style format.Â£1m-worth of changes were made to the BBC's coverage of the tennis tournament.
A couple may have to pay hundreds of thousands of pounds to repair a wall which collapsed on to their house because it was "neglected", an MP has said.Â£100,000 worth of damage has been caused by the collapse of a river wall, it has emerged.
A County Armagh solicitor has been jailed for four years for defrauding a bank and stealing more than £110,000 from his employer's business account to buy a property in England.Â£250,000 was paid to him to take up a partnership in a law firm, a court has heard.
Marcus Rashford's injury-time winner gave Manchester United their first Premier League win of the season as Hull's 100% start to the campaign came to an end at the KCOM Stadium with a thrilling defeat.Manchester United moved level on points with leaders Chelsea at the top.
Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza has been sacked after his side's failure to qualify for the 2018 World Cup was confirmed by the country's football association on Monday.Â£1.5m is to be paid to his successor, Jorge Sampaoli.
Judith Pomsel, the secretary of Nazi propaganda chief Joseph Goebbels during World War Two, has died at the age of 106, after a long illness, her family has confirmed to the BBC German news agency, after her death at her home in Munich.
Nato says it is "deeply concerned" by Russia's "unacceptable" incursion into its airspace over the weekend, after Turkish jets were targeted by a Russian Mig-29 fighter jet on Saturday.Russia has been accused by Nato of violating its airspace for the second time in a week.
Swansea City's players paid for fans' tickets for the final two games of the Premier League season, after Leon Britton paid for the tickets for himself and his team-mates to go to the Liberty Stadium on the final day of the campaign to help them avoid relegation.
At least 20 people have been killed in a truck bomb attack on a crowded market in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, officials say, as violence continues in the country's second city, Falluja, and in the north-western city of Najaf, near the border with Syria.
A woman who died after being admitted to hospital with blood poisoning was given the "best chance of survival" if she had been treated sooner, a coroner has ruled at the inquest into her death in north London last year.The coroner has said it is "impossible" to say whether she would have survived if she was treated sooner.
A Powys councillor suspended for sending "inaccurate and misleading" information to a journalist has had his appeal against his suspension dismissed by a panel of councillors.Â£1,000 fine and a three-month ban from all council activities has been imposed on him.
Curzon is to receive a Bafta award for its "extraordinary contribution" to British film-making at this year's Baftas, after 80 years of "championing independent, art house and foreign language" film making, it has been announced.
Braintree Town manager Keith Cowley says his side's 1-0 defeat by Barrow in the FA Cup third round was their "toughest challenge" so far this season, but admitted they are "living in cloud cuckoo land" in terms of their National League play-off hopes.
Dominika Cibulkova and Angelique Kerber will meet in the final of the WTA Finals in Singapore on Sunday after both reached the final in straight sets at the Wuhan Open for the first time in their careers on Wednesday night's semi-finals.
Councils should sell off expensive social housing to fund the building of more affordable homes, the government has said, amid claims it could create the largest social housing programme since the 1970s if it was allowed to take over the running of England's housing stock, a think tank has said.
Guernsey have won their first Island Games table tennis gold medal since 2011 as they beat Gotland 3-1 in the final of the Island Games in Gotland on Tuesday night, but lost 3-2 to Sweden in the men's singles final in the women's doubles.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed higher on Tuesday, with shares in ITV and Carillion leading the way after the construction firm was awarded a £1bn contract to build the HS2 high-speed rail network.Shares in EasyJet rose after the airline named its new chief executive.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says Barcelona are the best team he has faced in his managerial career, but admits it will take time for his side to catch up to the "machine" that is the La Liga champions at the top of the table in his first season in charge.
The BBC should consider making a spin-off programme from The Apprentice, the show's host Lord Sugar has told the BBC's Newsnight programme, saying he gets a "great buzz" from watching young people "grow a business from scratch" on the show.
The father of former Marussia driver Jules Bianchi says he is "less optimistic" about his son's recovery than he was before he suffered severe head injuries in a Japanese Grand Prix crash nine months ago, when he was a Formula 1 driver for the team.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man whose body was found in a park in Leeds, West Yorkshire Police have said in a press release on Monday.A second man has been charged in connection with the death of another man in the same area.
At least 11 people have been killed and dozens injured in an explosion and fire at a ruptured oil pipeline in eastern Mexico, state officials say, in what officials say is the worst such disaster in the country's history, near the capital, city of Mexico City.
A boxer has been given a suspended jail sentence for assaulting his girlfriend after breaking into her home and punching her in the face and kicking her twice in the head with a ballpoint pen, a court has heard, but will serve 18 months in jail after losing an appeal.
More than £1m has been awarded to five Shropshire and three Herefordshire churches to help them carry out repairs to their listed buildings, the Bishop of Hereford has said in a fundraising drive for the restoration of listed churches in the area.
At least six people have been killed in a suspected chemical attack on a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, according to reports from the Russian defence ministry, which says it was hit by an air strike by Syrian government forces on rebel-held areas.The UN says it is "extremely concerned" for the safety of children caught up in the fighting in the city.
Great Britain's Andy Murray beat Juan Martin del Potro in a thrilling men's singles final to win his second Olympic title and become the first Briton to win two golds at an overseas Games in the same Olympics in a row with a dramatic victory at Rio 2016.
A cat called Arthur has been in the news a lot recently because he was found abandoned by a family in the middle of the night in a village in the UK, but the local TV station decided to bring him in for a live TV interview with Newsround.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have received a warm welcome from Canada's governor general as they begin their first official visit to the country as a married couple, on a nine-day tour of Canada and the United States with the help of Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
Two new Babypods will be used on Wales Air Ambulance's new fleet of helicopters for the first time, the charity has announced.Â£70,000 has been spent on two new incubators for the service's emergency missions.â€¦
A red-tailed eagle has made himself at home at a Perthshire nature reserve, bringing in sticks and preparing its nest for the first time in more than 50 years, according to a conservation charity's volunteer who spotted the bird on its way in to the nest.
Broadchurch actress Julie Hesmondhalgh is to become a patron of a rape charity after playing a rape victim in the BBC One detective drama, it has been announced by the show's creator and star, Chris Chibnall, and actress David Tennant.
Every company has its own version of the Volkswagen emissions scandal, but it is important to consider the impact it will have on the business it runs.Â£1bn is a lot of money, but how much is spent on health and safety, and how much time is spent with customers.
Rangers midfielder Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training following a disciplinary procedure, the club have confirmed.The midfielder has been suspended from all football-related activity for the rest of the season and will not be allowed to play for the club again.
Luke Donald has been named as the new ambassador of the British Masters, which will be held at The Grove at Woburn from 2017-18, the European Tour has announced in a press conference in Staffordshire on Thursday.Â£1.5m will be spent on the new venue.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson says there is "no pressure" on the Championship club to sign former Watford defender Joel Ekstrand, who is currently on trial with the club, but admits they are "probably a bit light" in the centre-back market.
It started with a dream, and ended with a hangover, and a trip to the Monaco Grand Prix - but for Northern Ireland's Jonathan Rea, it was all about watching Wolfgang von Trips in his home town of Von Trips' home town, where he lived and worked as a child.
A US drone strike in Yemen killed a top al-Qaeda leader in a failed attempt to kill him, US officials have told the Washington Post and the Wall Street Journal, according to reports from the US military and the US media, US media reports say, citing Yemeni officials.
A man accused of murdering a Denbighshire drug dealer has told a court it was a "stupid idea" to approach his victim's car with a knife in a bid to make him "scared", a jury has been told at Mold Crown Court.
Plans to redevelop a former gay and lesbian (LGBT) pub into flats have been given the go-ahead after a council agreed to give an operator first refusal on a new lease for a new bar in return for a £1.5m development.Â£1m of planning permission.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has fined Michael Conlan, Donnelly and Fowler $10,000 (£6,000) each for breaching rules on betting on boxing at the Rio 2016 Games and have banned them from competing at next year's World Championships in Toyko.
The justice secretary has become the latest cabinet minister to join the campaign to leave the European Union, saying the UK would be "fairer and better off" outside the EU than inside it and that David Cameron was right to support a vote to leave it.
As the 70th anniversary of the evacuation of Dunkirk is marked, the BBC's Tom Biles reflects on his father's part in the evacuation, and how he feels about the loss of his ship, the HMS Hebe, which was sunk by the Germans during World War Two.
A primary school head teacher is offering staff a "duvet day" to help tackle a shortage of teachers in a rural Lincolnshire school, including himself and his cleaner, in a bid to recruit more staff to work in the town centre in the summer term.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has condemned the decision to ban Russia from next month's Paralympic Games in Rio, saying it was "unfair and unjust".Russia will hold special competitions for banned Paralympians, the country's foreign ministry has said in a statement.
A Powys secondary school has agreed to take over the running of its own library as part of plans to save the county council £1.5m over the next three years, it has been announced.Â£1m will be spent on the service over five years.
A powerful earthquake has struck off the coast of southern Japan, hours after a powerful 6.2-magnitude tremor struck the same area a day earlier, killing at least three people and injuring more than 1,000, seismologists say, as rescuers try to reach survivors.
Firefighters have been tackling a blaze at an industrial unit in Greater Manchester overnight into the early hours of the morning, the fire service has said, which is believed to have been caused by a faulty fridge freezer in the boiler room of a storage unit, it has emerged.
A former All-Ireland Gaelic footballer has appeared in court charged with stealing more than £500,000 from a County Londonderry quarrying firm over a five-year period.Â£572,206 has been charged with fraud and money laundering offences.
A new library and community centre has been built in Cardiff, the city council has announced ahead of the opening of its new £1.2m library and day centre on the outskirts of the city centre next week.Â£500,000 of funding has been secured by the Welsh Government.
Nato's failure to investigate civilian deaths in Libya last year is "deeply troubling", a leading human rights group has said in a new report on the conflict in the North African country, calling for "urgent action" by the Nato military alliance to take responsibility.
A symposium on the aftermath of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris has been cancelled due to security concerns, it has been announced to delegates at the event's host university's annual conference in Belfast, it was announced on Monday evening on the eve of its scheduled start.
Plans for a "vertical pier" on Teesside have been given the go-ahead by North Tyneside County Council, following a public consultation on the plans.Â£1.5m plans for the attraction have been approved by the county council.
Britain's Mo Farah broke the men's world record to win the Lisbon Half Marathon for the first time in his career and become the first Briton to do so at a major international athletics event since the World Championships in London in 2009.Â£1.2m was raised for charity as he broke the world record in the race.
The UN special envoy for Syria, Staffan de Mistura, has said he expects formal peace talks between the warring parties to resume on Monday, after a two-week pause for "proximity" talks next week.The focus will be on finding a political solution to the conflict, he says.
Chris and Gabby Adcock are targeting a first badminton World Championships title in Glasgow since 2011 as they bid to win a first world title in the event's first major tournament since 2012 in the Scottish city."It's definitely achievable," says Gabby.
A teenager has been arrested after a man was injured in an incident in Londonderry in which a gun was fired at a house in the Waterside area of the city.Police are continuing to question a 19-year-old man in connection with the incident.
The American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) has filed a lawsuit against the Pentagon over its refusal to allow women to serve in combat roles in the US military, saying they are already barred from some combat positions.The US military has said it will review its policy on hiring women.
When Pope Benedict XVI announced in September that he was stepping down from the papal throne, it was the most significant event in the history of the Roman Catholic Church - the first papal resignation since the death of Pope John Paul II in July 2005 at the age of 78.
Mae cynghorau lleol yng Nghymru wedi wynebu argyfwng recriwtio wrth i ysbytai ac archfarchnadoedd gystadlu am weithwyr, yn ôl y corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal.
A fire engine crew from Sudbury arrived at the scene of a blaze more than 15 minutes later than one from a station three miles away, a fire service has said, sparking an investigation.Â£1m cuts to the fire service could be blamed for the delay in the response.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales must "take risks" in Saturday's Test against New Zealand in Auckland if they are to beat the All Blacks for the first time in more than 60 years and end a 57-year wait for a first win in the country.
Cole Stockton's second-half header earned Tranmere a 1-0 win over Dover at Prenton Park to move them into the National League play-off places with three games to go, one win from their opening two games of the season.
Goals from Tom Bolarinwa and Ashley Chambers helped Grimsby end a run of three straight defeats with victory over Accrington at Blundell Park in the League Two promotion chasers' first game back in the play-off places.Â£5,000 in the win was enough to move them up to third.
Kenyan election officials have been ordered to drive hundreds of kilometres to the counting centre in Nairobi to await the results of the presidential and parliamentary polls.About 6% of the vote has been spoiled, increasing the likelihood of a run-off between the top two candidates.
Russian police have carried out raids in St Petersburg on homes of suspected members of the Aum Shinrikyo cult, which is accused of masterminding a deadly attack in Japan 20 years ago, Russian media reports say, citing local media reports, citing Russian prosecutors.
Bahrain's Lelisa Kirwa won Olympic gold in the women's 5,000m steeplechase as Kenya's Faith Kipruto Sumgong took gold in a race marred by the withdrawal of two of her team-mates.
A pensioner from Moray has been reunited with the car he won in the Kildrummy Rally in 1959 after it turned up in the opening credits of the 1976 Likely Lads film more than 50 years after it was sold to a man in the United States.
Great Britain's Jo Pavey won the women's 5,000m gold medal at the European Indoor Championships with a stunning display in the final race of the season in London's Olympic Stadium.Â£1.5m was the perfect send-off to a sensational summer.
The resignation of the first minister at the centre of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scandal has been formally announced by the Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, on Thursday.The BBC News NI website will make a full report on the issue in the coming days.
Peter Morgan was infatuated with Georgina Symonds, but she was determined to blackmail him into thinking she was blackmailing him, her mother has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.A man with Asperger syndrome has been found guilty of murdering the former stripper in her home.
A new helmet designed in the wake of the death of Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes in 2012 has been unveiled by the company behind the original design, which it hopes will become the most widely used in the game.Â£1.5m is to be spent on the design.
Mae tri char wedi euog o achosi anafiadau difrifol trwy yrru'n beryglus a chyhuddiad o fygwth yn Llys y Goron Caerdydd, gyda lluniau camerau cyfyng yn dangos car Pesticcio.
Millwall will face Barnsley in the Championship play-off final after holding promotion-chasing Bradford to a 1-1 draw in the second leg of their semi-final at The Den to set up a Wembley tie against the Championship's bottom-of-the-table side.
A fly-tipper has been fined for illegally dumping about Â£20,000 of waste at the side of a main road, which police said was a "potential danger" to motorists and the public at the time of the incident.Â£10,000 worth of waste has been removed from the area.
A new species of geckos has been discovered in Madagascar that is able to tear its skin in half in a matter of seconds, leaving its tail intact and without a scar, according to scientists in Germany and the US, who have described it in a journal.
US chipmaker Qualcomm has agreed to pay a $5bn (Â£3.5bn) fine in China after being found guilty of anti-monopoly and anti-competitive practices.Â£1bn fine is the largest ever imposed on a single company by a Chinese regulator.
Morocco coach Herve Renard has a tough task on his hands to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon as he attempts to become only the third coach to win the tournament three times in a row with three different countries.Â£1.5m is at stake in this year's finals.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes has backed Gordon Strachan to pick the best left-back in the country in his Scotland squad, despite the absence of one of his own players from the national team's latest set of call-ups for the first time.
Mark Ronson's Uptown Funk has gone straight to number one in the UK singles chart, beating Ed Sheeran to the top of the album chart and topping the iTunes chart for the second week in a row with its release date of 12 December, the Official Charts Company has announced.
The proportion of A-level students taking A-levels in state schools and colleges in some of England's most deprived areas is the lowest in the country, according to analysis of local authority data by the New Schools Network and analysis by BBC Radio 4's Victoria Derbyshire.
EastEnders, Emmerdale and Doctor Who were among the winners at this year's Inside Soap Awards, which honour the best of the UK's most popular soap operas and TV talent shows of the past 12 months in the UK and Ireland.BBC One drama EastEnders took the top prize for best soap, while Ashes to Ashes was named best drama.
Cannabis plants with an estimated street value of more than £500,000 have been found in a former cinema building in Glasgow, police have said in a bid to tackle a drugs problem in the city centre in the early hours of the morning on Saturday.
The deportation of a student from the UK is "callous and inhumane", the National Union of Students Wales has said in a letter to the Home Secretary.The union has called on Theresa May to intervene in the case of a "brutal" young woman facing deportation.
A Cardiff college is to be investigated by the police over allegations it may have colluded with prospective students to defraud the student finance system by falsifying academic records and records of attendance, the Welsh government has said, amid claims of a scam involving fake loans and grants.
A Canadian man has been arrested after allegedly trying to smuggle drugs into the United States by firing a gun at US border patrol agents, US officials say, leading to the arrest of a second man.Â£7,000 (Â£4,500) in ecstasy was recovered in the US, officials say.
The US company behind the Falcon 9 rocket that crashed off the Isles of Scilly last month has said it will not be using the debris as part of its space research programme because it is "too lightweight".Â£1m worth of carbon fibre material has been removed from the wreck.
The mother of Caylee Anthony, the six-year-old girl who was found dead in a Florida swimming pool in 2011, has said she does not care what people think about her after being found not guilty of murdering her daughter in a custody case that gripped the United States.
The South Korean government says North Korea has paid wages to its workers at a jointly run industrial park in North Korea worth more than $500m (Â£330m; $470m) over the past five years, despite the zone being shut down by the North.
Manchester City have been fined £50,000 after failing to update players' medical records in time for drug testing by the UK Anti-Doping agency.Â£10,000 fine and £20,000 penalty for breaching anti-doping rules have been handed to the Premier League club.
A nursery worker has appeared in court charged with the rape and sexual exploitation of a child, West Midlands Police has said in a press release to the BBC News NI website (UK-News NI) and social media site Instagram (Facebook) and Twitter (Instagram).
Concerns about Christmas spending are the highest in South Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, according to a BBC survey of more than 1,000 people in the county and its surrounding areas.More than half of people plan to borrow money to cover the cost of the festive festivities.
England's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the European Championship suffered a major setback as they were held to a goalless draw by Slovakia in their final game under manager Roy Hodgson at the Stade de l'Amitie in Bratislava.
A student who lost her right hand in a nightclub has said she was "drunken" and forgot it at home the next day when she put it on to go to the toilet and forgot about it, it has been found, she has revealed to the BBC.
Pako Ayestaran has been named as Gary Neville's successor as Valencia head coach, saying the former England and Manchester United defender agreed to take charge of the La Liga club in the January transfer window before he was sacked by his former club in May."My values come above everything else," said the former Aston Villa boss.
A dog that was shot in the head with a crossbow bolt narrowly missed its brain, ears, eyes and skull by millimetres, the RSPCA has said, describing it as a "heart in the mouth moment" when it was removed from his head.
US intelligence and military personnel's personal data may have been accessed in a second cyber attack, US officials say, potentially exposing the personal information of as many as 14 million government workers to cyber-attackers.The White House has said it is "confident" that the data was accessed.
Germany's central bank, the Bundesbank, has called on the government to raise the retirement age to at least 69 to help secure the country's financial sustainability in the face of ageing population growth over the next few decades, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in Berlin.
Two 21-year-olds have joined Bath on loan deals until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Premiership club in the summer of 2017, subject to international clearance.Â£100,000 of which will be made available by the Rugby Players' Association.
Marianne Vos of the Netherlands won the second stage of the Women's Tour of Britain on Thursday as Amy Pieters claimed her second win of the week on the penultimate stage in Avon and on the final day of the race in Staffordshire.
The M1 motorway in County Armagh has reopened after being closed for more than 12 hours following a two-vehicle crash on Tuesday morning.Drivers have faced long delays following a crash involving a lorry and a car on the northbound carriageway.
BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2013 will be announced on Tuesday evening, with the winner and nominees for the 60th annual award to be announced live on BBC One at 19:30 GMT.Â£1.5m will be spent on tickets for this year's show.
The appointment of a new press secretary for the Northern Ireland Executive Office has been criticised by the Ulster Unionist Party and the Traditional Unionist Voice as a breach of due process, the BBC's News Letter has learned from the Stormont Executive Office's annual newsletter.
Two youths suffered burns to their faces when a bonfire they were trying to extinguish flared up in their faces in the centre of Larbert in Stirlingshire, the fire service has said.Bonfire Night was a success for the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service.
The number of top-level players in men's tennis continues to rise, with Novak Djokovic, Andy Murray, Roger Federer and Andy Murray leading the way, and the number of Grand Slams in the sport's history continuing to rise as well.
A search is under way for the remains of a Gwynedd village which was destroyed by storms in the 1960s and 70s.Â£50,000 worth of sand has been washed away by the sea off the Gower coast, it has been claimed.
Scarlets moved to within a point of the Pro12 play-off places with an impressive bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at Cardiff Arms Park in front of a sell-out crowd of more than 80,000 people on Friday night, their highest attendance of the season so far.
The Syrian government's offensive against so-called Islamic State (IS) in the north-east of the country has been a major setback for Iran, which has been accused of being involved in the conflict since the start of the conflict in Syria in 2011 and has now lost control of more than a third of its territory.
Ian Poulter birdied three of his last four holes to move into a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the weather-delayed Qatar Masters at Wuxi Golf Club in Doha, China, after two rain-disrupted days at the event.
It's easy to see why election hustings have become so much part of the general election campaign - they offer a chance for politicians to engage with voters in a more intimate setting, with less of an audience and less of a focus on the campaign's sound bites.
Two Welsh cities are bidding to become UK City of Culture in 2021 after losing out to Hull in the previous year's competition.The winning city's bid has been described as "fantastic" by the BBC's Eye on Wales programme and "very strong" by its bid team.
Lloyds Banking Group, the UK's second biggest bank, has been sold off to Blackrock for just over Â£1.5bn, making it the biggest ever sale of a UK bank by a single publicly-listed company and putting the taxpayer out of the business.
Typhoon Chan-hom has made landfall in eastern China's Zhejiang province, bringing torrential rain and strong winds of up to 140km/h (85mph).The storm has brought heavy flooding to the region, but no deaths or injuries have been reported.
Scientists have created synthetic versions of DNA that can copy and copy the genetic code of their natural counterparts, in a move that could transform our understanding of how life forms arise and how they pass on genetic information to future generations of life on Earth, say scientists.Â£1bn-worth of DNA-like molecules have been created in the lab.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Joseph Warungu, a former government minister and member of the opposition, assesses the current political crisis in Kenya, which has turned into a stand-off between the government and the opposition over electoral reform and the use of tear gas by police.
Police in the US state of North Dakota say they have arrested more Native American protesters over the Dakota Access oil pipeline, in the latest round of arrests in the dispute over the project's fate in the coming weeks, and the first of its kind in the country's history.
A Japanese boy who went missing for six days after his parents abandoned him on a mountain road as punishment has been found alive and well in a military shelter, local media report, after a soldier opened the door to a building on the base where he was found.
The family of British soldier L/Bdr Ben Parkinson, who carried the Olympic flame at the start of his journey to London, say they are "delighted" by the support he has received on social networking site Facebook since he arrived in the UK.Â£20,000 has been raised for his cause.
Northampton Town's Jack Toney says he is enjoying his first season in the Premier League, but admits he has experienced homesickness during his loan spell at Newcastle United from Championship side Northampton Town in the summer of 2016.Â£1.5m move to St James' Park.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with preparing to commit a terrorist act after he was arrested at Heathrow Airport, the Metropolitan Police has said in a press release on its Twitter page, and charged with terrorism-related terrorism offences, including possession of a firearm.
A teenager has admitted killing a man who was stabbed to death in a village in County Durham, a court has been told in a plea deal with the killer's family.Â£20,000 bail has been agreed.ÂÂ£10,000 has been set aside for the victim's funeral.
Authorities in the US state of Arizona say they have broken up a huge Mexican drug trafficking network that was responsible for "poisoning" the state's communities with deadly doses of illegal drugs over the past five years and tens of millions of dollars in profits.More than 1,000 people have been killed in a massive drug trafficking operation.
Notts County have signed Nottingham Forest midfielder Tom Yates on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent deal. Click here for all the latest transfer news with BBC Radio Nottingham and BBC Radio Tees and Sportscene.co.uk news.
Asia-Pacific is set to overtake North America as the world's richest region in 2016, according to the World Bank's latest World Wealth and Investment Outlook report, which tracks global financial wealth by region.Â£1.1 trillion is expected to be held in the region by the end of 2017.
A woman has been found guilty of making and knowingly having a pipe bomb in a flat in Dumfries and Galloway, which police said was a "potentially life-threatening device" for people to use as a bomb disposal unit.Â£5,000 worth of pipe bombs have been seized by police.
Iraqi forces have retaken the airport in western Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, Iraqi officials say, as they continue their push to retake the city from the jihadist group's militants.Iraqi troops say they have recaptured the city's airport.
Chinese conglomerate Fosun International Business Machines (Fosun) has made a bid for Portuguese healthcare firm ESS, beating off competition from three other bidders to win the right to take over the company's stake in the country's largest private sector business.
"We're in the midst of a revolution in medicine, but we're not yet at the cutting edge of medicine, we're at the front line of medicine at the very front of the revolution in cancer treatment, and we need to keep pace with the science."
Joe Clarke hit his first Championship century of the season as Worcestershire beat Derbyshire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup final at New Road to move top of the Division Two North Group table for the first time since 2009.Â£43,000 prize money was on offer to the winner.
Saracens captain Brad Barritt says the club are ready to "write a new chapter" in their history after their record-breaking Premiership and European double-winning season last year."You can't be fooled into any false sense of safety" in the Premiership, says the centre.
The wife of a millionaire from Exeter has been found guilty of murdering her husband in Ukraine while he was in hospital with a head injury, a coroner has ruled at an inquest in the city where they met online and had been married for four years.Â£1.5m of his money and property was "unlawfully killed", an inquest has heard.
The front pages of the Belfast Telegraph, News Letter, Belfast Telegraph and News of the Day all feature stories on Tuesday's papers about the Twelfth of July, the Irish Cup, and the plight of a hospital in Newry, County Down, which is "crisis-hit".
Shakespeare is one of Shakespeare's most famous works and many Shakespeare fans believe he is the greatest playwright in the history of the world, and his plays are often considered to be some of the most important works of the Bard's work ever written or read by modern writers.
Scottish teacher Hannah Inglis has opened her eye for the first time since she was seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam earlier this month, her family has said in a post on social media site Facebook, as she continues to fight for her life in hospital.
Mae'r Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol Plaid Cymru wedi cyhoeddi llun o hysbyseb yn ymgyrch yr etholiad cyffredinol eleni y bydden nhw'n cynnal ail refferendwm ar ddiwedd yn erbyn Brexit, yn dilyn hynny.
Jockey Ryan Moore has been ruled out for the rest of the year with a shoulder injury and will not race again until the autumn, it has been announced by the British Horseracing Authority (BHA) after a specialist advised him to rest for six weeks.
Plans for a travellers' site in Lincolnshire have been rejected by councillors amid concerns it would be a "disaster" for the county's economy and increase traffic congestion in the area by up to 50% over the next five years.Â£500,000 of public money will not be spent on the scheme, it has emerged.
Former International Monetary Fund chief Rodrigo Rato and the former president of Bankia, Miguel Angel Blesa, have gone on trial in Madrid accused of embezzling millions of euros from the Spanish bank's board of directors to fund lavish spending on luxury holidays.
Jockey AP McCoy says he is "very honoured" to have a statue of him unveiled at Cheltenham Festival, 20 years after he won the Champion Hurdle and Gold Cup at the famous racecourse for the first time on his debut at the event.
William "Plum" Smith, the former leader of the Progressive Unionist Party (PUP), has died at the age of 74.The former Red Hand Commando leader has died in hospital in Londonderry, his family has confirmed to the BBC.
Cycling's world governing body says it has withdrawn four Russian cyclists from its squad for the Rio Olympics, as the country waits to find out how many of its banned athletes will be allowed to compete in the Games in Brazil next month.Â£1.5m worth of doping bans have been imposed on Russian athletes.
US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has reaffirmed her support for the Egyptian people and their democratic transition as she arrived in Cairo for talks with the country's new president and military leaders in a bid to defuse a political crisis in the Arab world's most populous Muslim country.
A man has been found dead at the bottom of an excavator at a water works in Bedfordshire.Police are treating his death as "unexplained" and are not treating it as suspicious, a coroner's report has said, following a post-mortem examination.
Nato has condemned Russia's decision to deploy surface-to-air missiles to the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad, accusing it of "destabilising" European security and raising tensions with the US.The US has urged Russia to "refrain from words or deeds" that are "inconsistent with the goal of promoting security and stability".
Wigan Warriors have signed Leigh Centurions centre Sam Hopkins for the rest of the season, with the option of a third, after the pair agreed a pre-contract agreement for the 2017 World Club Challenge campaign, reports BBC Radio Worcestershire and BBC Radio Manchester.
Oxford United and Newport County fought out a goalless draw at the Madejski Stadium to maintain their League Two play-off hopes."Magnificent" second-half displays earned them a point, says Oxford United manager Michael Appleton after his side's 1-1 draw at Rodney Parade.
A new system that allows trainee doctors to see live consultations in real time has been launched to give students a taste of what it is like to work as a GP in Scotland's hospitals and practices, it has been claimed in a bid to encourage more young people to take up the profession.
Keanu Reeves' documentary Side by Side looks at the changing nature of film-making, and the impact of digital technology on the industry, writes the BBC's Tom Daley in Los Angeles, where he interviewed some of the biggest names in the industry about the future of the medium.
A "photobomb" bird has been captured on camera at a railway station in north Wales, in what is thought to be the first photograph of its kind to be captured on film in the UK since its introduction to the Collins English dictionary in 2014.Â© Collins English Dictionary
Leeds United owner Massimo Cellino says he will not allow any players to leave the club if they do not live in the club's home city of Leeds next season and will buy a bus to transport them to and from home games in the Championship next year.
A Labour councillor has pleaded not guilty to making indecent images of children under the age of 16 and making indecent photographs of a child under 16, both of which carry a maximum term of 12 years in prison, a court has been told in a bid to clear his name.
Swedish fashion retailer H&M has announced plans to open a range of new stores in London and other European cities as part of a shake-up of its range of high street clothing and homewares brands, including a new "superstore" in London.
The winner of the world's heaviest tomato is to be crowned at a North Yorkshire flower show after the final weigh-in was held to ensure it is the "right type" of plant.Â£50,000 worth of entries have been submitted to the event.
An online video streaming service has scored a double nomination at this year's Children's Bafta Children's Awards, beating BBC One's Refugee and BBC's Horrible Histories to the top of the list of programmes for young people's entertainment.Â£50,000 prize money is to be given to the winners.
The Champions League final took place in Paris on Sunday as holders Paris St-Germain celebrated a domestic treble for the first time in their history with a 4-1 win over Juventus.There was no sign of the end to the Champions League in Istanbul as Besiktas and Club Brugge clinched their first titles.
The Bank of England is to conduct its annual stress test on the resilience of the UK's banking system against a global economic shock, the first since the 2008 financial crisis and the global financial crisis.Under this year's five-year scenario, the UK economy will contract by 2.3% over the next five years, the Bank says.
Paris St-Germain have signed Brazil centre-back Marquinhos from Roma for a fee that could rise to £5.5m, subject to a work permit and work permit, the French champions have announced on Monday.Â£3.3m is the fee for the 23-year-old's transfer.
A 45-year-old man has been charged in connection with the partial collapse of a pedestrian bridge on the M20 in Kent last year.Â£100,000 worth of damage caused by the collapse has been estimated at £1m, Kent Police have said.
A house has been completely destroyed in a fire at a property in the south side of Glasgow in the early hours of the morning, the fire service has said, with the loss of one person and the suspected cause of the blaze still being investigated by the fire department.
The mother of a British man accused of trying to shoot and kill US presidential hopeful Donald Trump has said he is "terrified" as he prepares to be sentenced for illegal entry.Â£10,000 fine and up to 24-month jail sentence.Â€‚¦
Apple has been accused of "dumbing down" the terms of a deal with online publishers to include their content in a forthcoming news app, after it was revealed they would be required to indemnify the firm in the event of a legal claim against it.
Legislation is needed to tackle cyber-bullying, according to the chief executive of the Welsh government's children's services body, Ysgol y Cymru Cymru, which aims to protect children and young people from online abuse and bullying.
A drug-taking man died after suffering a blow "the equivalent of being kicked by a horse or driving at speed in a car without a seatbelt", a sheriff has ruled.Â£10,000 in damages would have been avoided if he had not taken the hallucinogenic drug N-bomb, an inquiry has heard.
A fire which caused the evacuation of dozens of people, including children and elderly people, in West Lothian is being treated as arson, police have said in a fresh appeal to find the arsonists who set fire to a house in the early hours of the morning.
Pakistan's military says it has carried out air strikes on militant hideouts in the tribal region of North Waziristan, days after a deadly attack on an airport in the city of Karachi by the Pakistani Taliban left dozens of people dead and dozens more injured.
A US judge has ordered the Trump Organization to release records of who has visited the president's New Jersey golf resort in the past year, as part of a legal challenge to the Trump administration's refusal to disclose who is staying at the Trump Tower in New York.
A selection of some of the new species of animals and plants that have been discovered in the Mekong Delta in South East Asia in the past year, as part of a race against the clock to document all of them before they go extinct in their natural habitat.
A man who sexually assaulted a woman in a Kent town centre has been jailed for four-and-a-half years after he was caught after police tracked him down by his DNA on the victim's coat.Â£10,000 reward has been given to the woman's family.
Scientists have teamed up with a pharmaceutical giant to develop a miniaturised device that can control the activity of nerves in the body using a battery power supply.The technology could help treat diabetes and other diseases, according to a report in Science Translational Medicine.
A motorcyclist has died and a five-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after a crash with a car in north-east London, the Met Police has said, in which a man was also seriously injured in a crash involving a car.
A search is under way for a 60-year-old man who has been missing from his home in South Ayrshire since Saturday afternoon and is believed to have fallen into the River Tay in the River Clyde in the north of the island of Orkney.
The Speaker of the House of Commons has ruled that Labour is the official opposition and its leader is the leader of the opposition for "statutory and parliamentary purposes" after a vote of no confidence in the party's shadow cabinet at the Labour Party conference in Liverpool.
One of the UK's largest asset managers, Alliance Trust, is to be taken out of the stock market's formal takeover process, after a takeover bid from a US private equity firm was ruled out by the company's parent firm, the RIT Capital Fund Management Group.
Ian Keatley's overtime drop-goal for Munster denied Edinburgh a first Pro12 win of the season as the Irish province held on for a thrilling draw in a thrilling encounter at Murrayfield in the Pro12 game between the two sides' first-ever meeting.
(Close): Shares in Marks and Spencer have fallen sharply after reports that its proposed takeover of wholesaler Booker could be blocked by the UK's Competition and Markets Authority (CSA) over concerns about its planned £1.1bn takeover of the Booker Group.
Oil and gas prices have risen sharply in early trading in the US and Europe, amid fears that Russia could cut gas supplies to Europe via Ukraine, in the latest sign of a growing energy supply dispute between the two countries. But there is little sign that this will be the trigger for a price war.
Ipswich Town boss Mick McCarthy says defender Christophe Berra is the best defender in the Championship this season and has called him "the best in the league" in his first interview since taking charge of the Championship club this week.Â£1.5m-rated Berra has signed a new five-year contract.
Formula 1 teams have until 1 July to come up with a final design for the 2017 car before the final pre-season test in Abu Dhabi on Sunday, when the 'halo' concept is due to be tested for the first time in the sport's history.
A drug normally used to treat mood swings and bipolar disorder appears to extend the life of flies by blocking a chemical in the body that stops the ageing process, according to University College London (UCL) research.Scientists say they have identified a "key piece of the ageing puzzle".
More than 100 children from the so-called Jungle migrant camp in south London are due to be transferred to a temporary hostel in Devon, the BBC has learned from the Home Office and the Foreign Office, which declined to comment on the details of the transfer.
Venezuelan Vice-President Vladimir Isturiz has said President Nicolas Maduro will not be removed from office by a recall referendum, despite the opposition's efforts to start the process of removing him from office through the ballot box, as the government declared a state of emergency.
The Rugby Players' Association (RPA) has criticised Premiership Rugby's proposal to extend the domestic season from nine to 10 months, saying it would put players under "significant strain".Â£1.5m of funding for the new 10-month Premiership season would be "unacceptable", says the organisation.
A yellow "be aware" wind warning has been issued for Northern Ireland with gusts of up to 70mph and possibly 80mph forecast in exposed areas overnight and early on Thursday, with the possibility of damage to power lines and travel disruption in some areas.The Met Office has issued a Status Yellow alert for the north of the country.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani schoolgirl who was abducted by Islamist militants in 2014, has said she will "never forget" the 219 schoolgirls who were held captive for more than a year and a half by Boko Haram militants in north-east Nigeria.
Derbyshire made a solid start to their day-night Championship Division Two match against Glamorgan at Derby as the pink ball bowled out the Welsh county's bowlers for just 88."If the ECB and world cricket are serious about making pink-ball cricket a thing of the future, we have to play more of it," said coach Robert Croft after the first day's action.
A man who was found dead in a park in central London had been assaulted, a post-mortem examination has revealed.Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found near a memorial to the Reformers' Tree in London's Hyde Park on New Year's Day.
A new high-speed ferry has been withdrawn from service between Stornoway and Ullapool because of a fault with an engine room ventilation fan, Caledonian MacBrayne has confirmed to the BBC's Coastguard Scotland news website (CMS).
In the wake of the Savile affair, a woman has written to the director of public prosecutions asking for an urgent review of the way the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) handled an investigation into rape allegations against a man in the 1970s and 80s, and the decision to drop the case.
Morocco and Tunisia say they have "turned the page" in their long-running dispute with the Confederation of African Football (Caf) and are looking forward to a bright future in Africa's second-biggest football country after being cleared to play at the 2017 finals.
England's hopes of reaching the World Cup semi-finals were ended by a resounding defeat by a much-improved France in the quarter-finals at Twickenham, who reached the last four for the first time in their history with an emphatic win.
Teenager Luke Hall has been selected to represent Great Britain at the Austrian Open taekwondo championships in Vienna next month after making it through a selection process for a place in the national team in his home country of Great Britain for the first time.Â£10,000 prize money has been awarded for the best entry into the competition.
A petition calling for the removal of a US judge who handed down a lenient sentence to a Stanford University swimmer who sexually assaulted a female student has gathered more than 300,000 signatures.Â£1.5m (Â£2m) has been signed by more than 100,000 people.
Plans for a new visitor centre at Yorkshire Sculpture park (YSP) have been given £3.5m by Arts Council England and the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) to help it cope with increased demand, it has been announced.
The front pages of Scotland's morning newspapers have been dominated by headlines predicting a victory for the SNP in the Holyrood election, with Nicola Sturgeon set to be re-elected as first minister and the Tories "humiliated" by the Tories in second place.
A large fire at a disused railway works in Monmouthshire is believed to have been deliberately started, police have said, with the cause of the blaze being investigated by the PSNI's arson squad and the fire service.Â£20,000 worth of scrap metal has been destroyed.
Scunthorpe have signed Bradford City midfielder Luke Young on a one-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a further year at the end of the deal, with a club option for an extra 12 months if he impresses.
A lawyer for convicted paedophile John Anglesea has said they will be lodging an application to appeal against his conviction within the next 10 days, it has been confirmed to BBC Cymru Wales newsroom staff and the BBC Wales news website's online news site.
The National Farmers' Union (NFU) has said the majority of its members believe the UK should stay in the European Union in the EU referendum on 23 June, despite opposition from both sides of the debate over the issue from the campaign to leave the union.
French actress Michele Morgan, who won the Cannes Film Festival's top award in 1946 for her role in La Symphonie Pastorale, has died at the age of 91. She was the first woman to win the Palme d'Or at the Cannes film festival.
The leaders of the EU, Turkey and Greece have reached an agreement on how to deal with the migrant crisis, but it's not yet clear how it will work.The EU and Turkey have agreed on a plan for mass returns of refugees and migrants to Turkey, but can it be implemented?
The opening date for the new £1.1bn bridge over the Firth of Forth has been pushed back to May 2017, the Scottish government has confirmed to the MSPs on Holyrood's cross-party committee.High winds are to blame for the delay, it has emerged.
A third sinkhole has opened up in Manchester city centre, causing the partial closure of one of the city's busiest roads.A section of the Mancunian Way is to remain closed until the end of the year, the city council has said, after a second hole opened up.
A university has officially opened its first campus on the Yorkshire coast, with the opening of a new £5.5m building.Â£1m of student accommodation has been described as a "huge milestone" by its vice chancellor, who said it was "a huge milestone" for the area.
Work is under way to restore a section of the Swansea canal which has been closed for more than 60 years to allow boats to travel down the whole length of it for the first time since it was first built more than 200 years ago."It could take many, many years" for the full length of the canal to be navigable, according to the project's co-ordinators.
Gourmet Burger Kitchen, one of the UK's leading gourmet burger chains, has been bought by the owner of Nando's for a reported £1.5bn in a deal that values the business at about £1bn in the UK market, according to Forbes.
Greenock Morton manager Jim Duffy has been given a one-game touchline ban and Hibernian boss Neil Lennon a one game touchline fine for his conduct in the Scottish Cup tie at Easter Road last month, while Morton have been fined £500 for a fracas with officials.
England's World Twenty20 quarter-final win over Sri Lanka in Delhi was one of the most exciting matches of the tournament so far, and it was a fitting way for the hosts to finish off their group campaign in style with a hard-fought victory over the world champions.
It's a video game that promises to be the biggest space adventure game in history, with a persistent universe that can be played in any time of day or night, and a story-driven campaign to raise money to fund the game's development.So far it's only been two years in the making, but it's already more than two years behind schedule.
Sir Bradley Wiggins and Katherine Glover and Victoria Stanning have become the first British women to win Olympic gold medals at London 2012, as Team GB claimed three on the opening day of the Games.Â£1.2bn worth of medals have been won by athletes in Rio.
Great Britain's hopes of defending the America's Cup suffered a second defeat in two days as the first round of America's qualifiers ended in a dramatic finish in Bermuda on Sunday night, with Great Britain's catamaran nearly sinking in one of the final races of the event.
When the Pro12's director of rugby Les Dodson and Irish Rugby Union chief executive Gavin Browne spoke at the end of last week's conference in Dublin, they did not mince their words when it came to the future of the Pro14, as they did at the start of the week.
Alfred Russel Wallace was one of Britain's most famous correspondents and one of the most influential men of the 19th Century, writing letters to some of the world's most influential newspapers and meeting some of its most influential politicians.Â£50,000 has been raised for a life-sized statue to honour him, but why does he struggle to gain the same recognition as Charles Darwin?
Leinster kept up their winning start to the Pro12 season with a hard-fought bonus-point victory over Scarlets at the RDS in Dublin on Saturday night to move level on points with second-placed Munster at the top of the table.
The UK government has launched a project to celebrate the 400th anniversary of William Shakespeare's birth, with events in the UK, the US, Australia, New Zealand, Bangladesh and the United Arab Emirates, as part of a global project to promote the work of the playwright.
US President Barack Obama has asked for $5.7m (Â£3.8m) to buy body cameras and other equipment for police officers in the wake of the Ferguson protests, as part of a drive to improve relations between police and the black community.
Bombardier has announced that it is to build a new aircraft wing for its CS300 jet at its Belfast plant, which will cost about $1.5bn (Â£1.1bn) and will be the company's biggest single order to date.
US police in Los Angeles have defended their decision to shut down schools after receiving a bomb threat, saying it was the "right thing to do" to deal with the threat, despite criticism from officials in New York and other cities across the country.Â£1m (1.6m; $2.2m) was spent on security in the US.
Northern Ireland Under-19s began their Uefa Women's Euro 2017 campaign with a hard-fought 1-0 defeat by Spain at Mourneview Park on Thursday night in Group A of the tournament.The game finished goalless after a thrilling first half.
The Belfast Giants have signed former NHL player Dustin Johner on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months, on a deal starting in the 2017-18 season, subject to a work permit and a work visa application from the Elite League club.
Virgin Media has admitted it "misreported" the number of premises it had connected to its Project Lightning broadband network, after a review found some work had not actually progressed as originally planned and others had not been completed at all, the company has said in a regulatory filing.
Rail operator Arriva Trains Wales has said it is carrying out maintenance work on its fleet of high-speed trains, which has led to "busier than usual" peak time services being cancelled or diverted.Â£1.5m worth of repairs have been carried out.
David Cameron must make clear he will abandon his pledge to cut net migration if he wins the EU referendum, a cross-party group of MPs and peers has told the BBC's Question Time programme, saying it will be "impossible" to do so if the UK votes to stay in.
In the 1980s, the director of The Romans in Britain, Alexander Bogdanov, found himself at the centre of one of the most high-profile legal cases in British theatre history, when he was accused of procuring the attempted rape of a young Roman soldier on stage.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a "slightly mad" race up a street in a Gloucestershire town famous for its famous cheese making heritage to celebrate the 4,000-year-old tradition of making and eating its own cheese, it has been claimed.
Microsoft founder Bill Gates has donated another $5bn (£3.5bn) to charity - his third donation in the past 18 months.Â£2.2bn donation to charity is the biggest ever made by a single individual in the US, according to official documents.
A UKIP MEP has said he will not vote for any of the party's candidates in the contest to replace Paul Nuttall as leader, including Sharia Watch activist Diane Waters, because of her anti-Islam stance and stance on sharia law and the Muslim ban on burkas.
When you are heavily pregnant, it is not unusual for athletes to have to change their training plans in order to fit in with the demands of a new baby.Â© Dana Vollmer/US Swimming Masters/Rio 2016/AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images
Lithuania's Lituania's Dinara Meilutyte set a new world record in the women's 100m backstroke semi-final to qualify for the final of the World Aquatics Championships in the fastest time of the event ever set in the world.
Bristol City moved to within three points of the Championship play-off places with a hard-fought win over Ipswich Town at Ashton Gate, who missed the chance to go top of the table as they were beaten for the first time this season.
Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips has been suspended from the national squad after a "clear breach of the standards" set by the body which runs the national rugby union in Wales, it has been announced in a press conference in Cardiff city centre on Tuesday.
UK manufacturers are increasingly worried about the impact of Brexit on the economy, according to a survey of UK manufacturers by the industry's biggest lobby group, which has called on the government to "allay their unease" with plans for the UK's exit from the European Union.
West Ham fans have voted in favour of playing a final game at Upton Park for the club's women's team against Manchester City Ladies in the final home game before they move to London's Olympic Stadium in 2020, BBC Sport has learned.Â£500,000 will be raised for charity if the match goes ahead.
Benefit claimants in Scotland are living in "constant anxiety" about changes to their welfare payments, according to a new study by an Edinburgh university research team and a Scottish government-funded study.The Scottish government has said it will do all it can to make the system fairer and simpler.
The two accountants involved in the Oscars envelope mix-up that saw La La Land named best picture instead of Moonlight have been given police protection, it has been reported, after they were given the wrong envelope for the best film award ceremony in Los Angeles on Sunday.
A community organiser at Port Talbot's Tata Steelworks has said he is worried about the future of the plant following the departure of the head of Tata's European operations in the region, which includes the plant in south Wales, from the Indian company's board of directors.
Theresa May has said she wants to resolve the issue of UK citizens living in other EU countries before Brexit talks begin, Downing Street has said, amid reports she was "frozen out" of talks with EU leaders in Brussels on the UK's exit from the bloc.
Russia has shared with the EU a list of 89 people it says it has banned from entering the country, the EU says, after the list was leaked to the media on Friday, with no explanation from the Russian authorities about why it was made up of 89 names.
Two rival street gangs in Honduras say they have agreed a truce with the government and the authorities in a bid to end years of war.The two largest criminal gangs in the Central American country have said they will not carry out attacks on each other in return for peace.
GoPro's chief executive has announced plans to launch a consumer drone that can capture 360-degree video footage for use with the company's cams, in a bid to tap into the growing market for drone technology in the US market, which is expected to be worth billions of dollars.
Plans to cut school transport costs in Dumfries and Galloway have been put on hold after opposition from the Liberal Democrats and the Green Party forced the council to rethink its plans to scrap them.Â£1.3m cuts to school bus subsidies have been scrapped.
Tiger Woods' return to action at the Dubai Desert Classic this week will be overshadowed by a Spaniard who is on course to earn European Tour membership in time for next year's Ryder Cup against the United States at Hazeltine, writes BBC Sport's Tom Fessy.
Funding cuts to local authorities in England have not been applied equally, with cuts ranging from 5% to 40%, the Commons Public Accounts Committee has said, raising concerns about the financial sustainability of some local authorities' finances in the country's largest council area, the West Midlands.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says his side will have to "go right to the wire" to stay in the Premier League, while Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez says they must "fight until the last minute" to avoid relegation from the top flight.
Snooker star Mark Selby Lee has been fined and ordered to repay £1,600 to a fan who paid for a snooker cue he had failed to send to her as part of a match-fixing investigation.Â£1,000 was paid to the player's wife after he failed to deliver the product.
A US woman accused of child sex offences in north Wales has had her case against her dropped after prosecutors said there was no "realistic prospect" of a conviction being brought, it has been announced by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in England and Wales.
Samsung, LG and Google have all said they will begin rolling out security updates to their handsets this week to fix a flaw in the Android mobile operating system, which could allow hackers to access data on millions of devices at any time, the BBC has learned.
A woman who killed her unborn baby by poisoning herself with diethylamine has been jailed for two years and eight months.A judge has described her actions as "an act of depraved depravity" and said her actions were "unlawful" and "unjust".
England beat West Indies by eight wickets to win the fifth one-day international and take a 2-0 lead in the five-match series with a 4-1 win in the fifth and final match in Antigua.Â£1.5m prize money was awarded to the hosts for the series win.
Olympic bronze medallist Jo Sotherton says she is "open to the discussion" of scrapping some of the world records set before 2005, but not all those achieved by cheats, in the event they were set before that time period.
Three hospitals in Bristol have gone on "black alert" status, meaning they are struggling to cope with the number of patients they are dealing with because of a shortage of beds and A&E beds, the NHS has warned patients not to go to accident and emergency units unless seriously ill.
David Cameron has said the UK and China will work "very closely together" in the future, amid reports that China has blocked David Cameron from visiting the Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama in a row over his contact with the exiled Tibetan religious leader, saying it respects its "sovereignty".
Craig McAllister's late equaliser earned 10-man Eastleigh a 1-1 draw at home to Aldershot, who finished with 10 men after Jim Kellerman was sent off for a second yellow card in the first half at Haig Avenue Road.
Police are investigating a series of vandalism attacks on cars in north Edinburgh, which they believe may be linked to a spate of similar attacks in the area earlier in the week, which have caused more than £20,000 worth of damage to the vehicles of a number of people.
At least five people have been killed and more than 200,000 homes have been left without power in Australia's New South Wales (NSW) state after days of torrential rain and high winds caused flooding and landslides in the north-east of the state.
If you want to design a space suit for someone who wants to go into space, it's easy to see why Final Frontier Design, a New York-based company, would be a good place to start: it's a lot easier to start a business than it is to design one for an astronaut.
Italian police have arrested dozens of people accused of running a migrant centre in Catanzaro as a "money printing operation for organised crime" run by a local mafia clan and a Catholic priest accused of embezzling millions of euros in public funds from the facility.
A Florida man who posted a picture of his wife's body on Facebook after he shot her dead has been found guilty of second-degree murder and sentenced to 25 years in prison for her murder.Â£10,000 (Â£6,000) in damages.
Newport Gwent Dragons hooker Rhys Cudd has signed a new two-year contract with the Welsh region, which will keep him at Rodney Parade until the end of the 2018-19 Pro12 season, with the option of a further 12 months.
The amount of money spent on private ambulances in London has more than trebled in the past three years, according to Labour's analysis of official figures for the city's ambulance service.The use of private vehicles by the NHS has increased by 82% to £67.5m, the party has claimed.
The Indian government has filed a winding-up petition against the UK telecoms giant Vodafone in the country's Supreme Court.The case is the latest in a long-running dispute between the two firms over a multi-billion dollar deal.Â£1.2bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in unpaid taxes.
Ole Gunnar Solskjaer is one of the most recognisable faces in football, the man who helped Manchester United to their 1999 Champions League final victory over Bayern Munich and who is now a legend in his native Norway - but is he the perfect fit for the modern-day game?
Asian shares have fallen sharply after the European Central Bank (ECB) decided to keep interest rates on hold and extend its stimulus programme for a further six months, but did not increase its purchases of bonds and other assets to try to boost the euro and its flagging economy.
The Casement Park stadium project is "behind schedule" and needs to address two "key issues" before it can make progress, a government report has said, with the use of an "independent mediator" needed to "reboot working relationships" between key stakeholders.
A bike hire scheme in Dumfries and Galloway which has attracted thousands of commuters over the past four years has been axed.Â£1.5m of funding has been withdrawn from the town's bike hire programme.ÂÂ£2m of public money will not be spent on the scheme, BBC Scotland has learned.
The family and friends of Joel Richards, one of the victims of the Tunisian beach attack, have paid tribute to the "leader of young people" who was "a leader of young footballers" and "an extremely talented young referee". Click here to read more about Joel Richards.
A North Korean man held in Malaysia in connection with the death of Kim Jong-nam has accused the country's authorities of trying to blackmail him into confessing, reports say.The only North Korean arrested over the killing of the half-brother of the North Korean leader has been released.
Two teenagers have been sentenced for a carjacking in which left a vicar "traumatised" after her car was stolen and her handbag was stolen as she was leaving a church in a "shocking attack" on a "respected" community figure.
Scotland centre Alex Hamilton has announced his retirement from international rugby after being left out of Vern Cotter's final World Cup squad for next month's tournament in New Zealand by the Rugby Football Union (RFU)."Today is both a sad day and a day that I feel extremely proud to have had."
Scotland's Greg Lewis won gold in the men's Olympic long jump as Australia's Greg Cutts failed to clear the bar in a dramatic finish to take silver at Hampden Park in Glasgow on Friday night's final day of the Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.
A zoo in the US state of Ohio has deleted its Twitter account after it became inundated with memes about Harambe, the gorilla that was shot dead earlier this year in a custody battle with a young boy, reports the Cincinnati Enquirequirequire.com news website.
China's economic growth slowed to 6.8% in the final three months of last year, its slowest pace since 2009, official figures have shown, according to the country's national statistics agency, as the government sought to shore up its flagging economy.
Scientists have developed a new type of lithium-sulphur battery that can be charged and discharged in the same time as a traditional lithium-ion battery, using a device similar to a human gut, according to a new prototype device developed by UK-based researchers.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he does not want "big names" to leave the Premier League champions this summer, and has urged players not to "go" if they are not wanted by the club next season."Don't go," said the Foxes boss.
The Church of England has appointed its first female bishop, with the appointment of the Reverend Anne Lane from South Tyneside, it has been announced on Monday.She will be the first woman to be a bishop in England and Wales and the first to be in the UK.
Oldham recorded their first win of the season as they beat 10-man Wigan Athletic at Boundary Park to move into the League One play-off places. Click here for all the latest team news, stats and quotes from Saturday's game between the Latics and the Saddlers.
Swindon Town's record goalscorer James Coppinger was sent home from Saturday's 2-1 defeat by Swindon Town after failing to turn up for the game at home to Rochdale, BBC Wiltshire has learned from reports.
The police watchdog is to investigate the police response to the death of a woman who was found with serious injuries in her home in Fife earlier this month, it has been confirmed by the Crown Office and Procurator Fiscal Service (COPFS) in Edinburgh.
The Royal Mail has painted a gold postbox in Henley-on-Thames as part of its scheme to celebrate the success of Team GB's Olympic rowing squad at the London 2012 Games, in honour of the town's famous rowing club, the mayor has said.
England's hopes of a first Test victory in Bangladesh in Chittagong were dented as Bangladesh fought back on day two of the second Test to leave the visitors on the verge of a third straight win in the series in the city.Â£1.5m Bangladesh are on course for a first victory in the country since 2000.
Bus drivers in Cardiff have voted to accept a pay offer from the city council in a bid to end a series of strikes over the next three months, the union Unite has said in a letter to its members and the public at the city's bus stations.
The Forth Road Bridge is to be closed for a procession to mark the 50th anniversary of the opening of the Firth of Forth crossing, it has been announced, with a fireworks display at 10:06pm on Sunday, 13 September. There will be a party in Edinburgh to celebrate the achievement.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has suggested that the US might not defend Nato members if they commit to the alliance, if the US is attacked by a foreign power, such as Russia or Iran, if he wins the White House in November's presidential election in November.
Environmentalists say the UK government has been slow to back-to-nature flood protection schemes which could save tens of millions of pounds a year in the long-term and reduce the risk of future flooding in the UK.They are calling on the government to do more to support them.
Atletico Madrid forward Antoine Griezmann will miss Sunday's match against Real Madrid because of a foot injury, the Spanish club have confirmed to the BBC.com website on Monday.Â£30,000 is at stake for the French forward in the Champions League quarter-final.
A gull has been shot in the head with an airgun in a "mindless act of cruelty" in Dumfries and Galloway, the Scottish SPCA has said, describing it as "very concerning" to find it on a busy industrial estate.
Asian stock markets were higher on Monday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing at record highs after strong economic data from China boosted investor sentiment in the wake of a rally on Wall Street and a strong lead from Asia's largest economy China on Friday.
Police in the western Indian state of Gujarat have arrested seven Dalit (formerly untouchable) men accused of taking poison and setting fire to buses to protest against attacks on Dalit members of the lower-caste community in the state's western town of Dhoraji.
Ex-footballer Paul Gascoigne and comedian Steve Coogan have become the latest victims of the phone hacking scandal to receive settlements totalling more than £100,000 from the News International newspaper group, the High Court has been told in a pre-trial review.
Researchers have recreated the internal compass used by monarch butterflies to navigate their 2,000-mile (1,770km) migration from the Atlantic to the Pacific Ocean.The results of a study into how the insects navigate the journey can be used to design robotic insects.
The University of Manchester has unveiled the world's most powerful computer at a ceremony to mark the launch of a £3.5m upgrade to its research centre.Â£1.8m investment will see it become the UK's "world-leading" centre for high-performance computing.
Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said he is ready to reinstate the death penalty if the Turkish people demand it, in his first public comments since a failed coup attempt on 15 July, in which more than 250 people were killed and more than 1,000 injured.
A World War Two plane used in the Gulf War is being offered for sale by a couple who have been restoring it for more than 20 years after buying it as a "garden gnome" from a scrapyard.Â£20,000 has been paid for it on a website.
The new leader of Birmingham City Council has been elected by just one vote in the local authority's first leadership contest since the resignation of Sir Albert Bore last month.A former solicitor and business lecturer has been chosen by the council's councillors to lead the authority's new-look group.
Surfers have been taking advantage of big waves created by Storm Imogen off the coast of Scotland to head to a beach in Portugal for the biggest wave surf of the year so far recorded in the UK and the UK to catch the biggest waves in the world.
Romelu Lukaku and Eden Hazard scored as Belgium came from behind to beat Norway 3-2 in their final World Cup warm-up match in Brussels, ending their hopes of reaching the last 16.Russia and the Czech Republic were held to a 1-1 draw by Serbia.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has urged his side to build on their impressive start to life in the Scottish Premiership and insists they still have a "long journey" to reach the top of the Scottish game, despite a 2-0 win over Dunfermline Athletic.
Northern Ireland graduates are leaving the country en masse because of a lack of jobs, according to Ulster University's Department of Modern Linguistics (DCLI) at Belfast's Queen's University (QLU) in a bid to boost the number of local graduates in the sector.
Work has begun to move the world's largest land-based nuclear exclusion zone, a huge steel shield built at the site of the Chernobyl nuclear disaster in Ukraine, 30 years after it was first put in place to prevent radioactive material leaking out of the plant's damaged reactor.
A police investigation into a hit-and-run crash in which Tour de France champion Chris Froome's bike was hit by a car has been "partially closed" after no-one was able to come forward to say who was behind the vehicle, officials say.
Northern Ireland's new councils will take on a range of new powers when they take over from Stormont in April 2015, but what will this mean for the planning system in the north of the country?The Stormont Executive has set out a number of proposals for how they will be run.
Historic England has said it is "totally uncertain" about the future of a fire-damaged mill in West Yorkshire after it was destroyed in a blaze in which a number of other listed buildings were damaged, including a former textile mill in Bradford, which was destroyed.
Cambridge City Council has said it has "no concerns" that bunting knitted by knitters to decorate the route of the Tour de France could damage the city's street lights.Â£20,000 worth of it will not cause any damage, the council has said.
A senior Hindu religious leader in India has said that allowing women into a Hindu shrine would lead to an increase in rape incidents, local media report, sparking outrage in the country's media and on social media sites like Twitter.Â© AFP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A mother has told a court her daughter's character changed from a "lovely girl" to "an animal" after she was allegedly sexually abused by a gang of men, a court has heard, describing how she found a mobile phone number in her child's bedroom.
A father has described how he wrapped his newborn baby girl in a dressing gown and gave her "good hard rubs" on the chest and head as he went to check on her in a bus stop in north Wales after she was found dead in the road.
UKIP's new leader was caught up in a "surreal moment" when staff at a Dorset curry house were questioned by the Border Agency about their right to work in the UK, the party has said in a press release, after her chef was seen running off with his apron flying.
An Australian research ship that ran aground on rocks in the Antarctic has been refloated and flown to a remote research station, officials have said, after a group of expedition members were evacuated from the stranded vessel on Thursday night and flown home on Friday morning.
Four people have been rescued from a yacht off the coast of County Antrim after it broke down in the Irish Sea off Carrickfergus, the Larne RNLI has said.Â£20,000 worth of equipment has been donated to the RNLI.
Deutsche Bank and Santander have both failed annual US bank stress tests, while Citigroup and American Express have passed the annual examinations for the first time in two years, the US central bank has said, but not all 31 lenders tested this year were deemed to be fit to withstand a shock.
A fund set up to support the family of murdered MP Jo Cox has raised more than £100,000 in the first 24 hours since it was set up by friends and family members of the late MP, it has been revealed, making it the third largest fundraising campaign in the UK.
Online grocer Ocado has reported a profit for the first time in its history, after signing a deal with supermarket chain Morrisons to deliver goods to its customers in the UK and Ireland from next month's Boxing Day sales in the hope that it will help boost its bottom line.
Wales captain Chris Gunter says qualifying for Euro 2016 would be a "blessing in disguise" for a nation that has "underachieved" in the past, as they look to end a 57-year wait for a major tournament finals appearance for the first time.
The Irish government is holding talks with AMs in a bid to avoid a post-Brexit "hard Brexit" border between Wales and the Republic of Ireland, BBC Wales has learned from a visit to Ireland by a group of AMs from the Welsh assembly and the Irish government.
A suspected World War Two flare has been found on a beach in New South Wales, police have said.Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene of the incident on Wednesday to carry out an examination of the area for unexploded ordnance, the BBC understands.
Scotland's number one squash player Kayleigh Adderley has won her first national title at the Scottish National Squash Championships in Edinburgh.Inverness has become the youngest player to win a squash title in the country's top women's event at the age of 16.
Former Glasgow City Council leader Mike Matheson is to stand down as a councillor and become a visiting professor at Strathclyde University in a bid to concentrate on his career as a city economist and author.Â£100,000 of public money has been raised for a by-election.
A police station has been attacked in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, killing at least one person and wounding at least two others, officials have told the BBC and local police say, in what is believed to be a suicide bomb attack on a police station in the city.
The proportion of school leavers going on to get a job, a job or a training has reached its highest ever level, according to official figures for the last financial year of the Scottish school year 2015/16, it has been revealed in the Scottish government's latest education statistics.
Stephen Hawking has warned that the threat of a major disaster to the human race is a "near certainty" over the next 10,000 years, and that future generations of scientists should be aware of the dangers facing the world at a time of "enormous change".
England's Tommy Fleetwood and American Brian Harman share the lead at the US Open after the second round of the first major of the year, despite bogeys at the 18th and 19th respectively on day three at Erin Hills.Justin Rose leads by one shot after shooting a seven-under-par 63.
A Turkish woman in a headscarf is less likely to be invited for a job interview in Germany than a woman with a German name, a study has found, in what is thought to be the first case of its kind in the country, suggests a new study.
Lewis Hamilton says he is not worried about having to make up ground on his title rivals after a poor start to both the Bahrain Grand Prix and the season-opening Australian Grand Prix, which he lost to Kimi Raikkonen in Australia in April."I'm in the most solid place I've been in my career," says the Briton.
Thousands of people have marched in Mexico City to protest against the government's plans to legalise same-sex marriage.Organisers of the march say it is the first in the country's history to be led by a member of the far-right National Front for the Family.
Police have arrested three men and two teenagers at the end of the Aberdeen v Celtic match at Pittodrie Stadium on Friday night in connection with disorder at the match.Â£20,000 worth of fine money has been handed to the Scottish Football Association (SFA) for crowd trouble.
A man who raped a woman over a 30-year period of time has been jailed for four years and eight months.Â£20,000 has been ordered to pay her £10,000 in compensation for her sexual abuse and a further £5,000 to cover legal costs.
The number of young people owning their own home in the UK has fallen by more than 50% in the past 20 years, according to a report.The government has been urged to do more to tackle the shortage of affordable homes to rent and buy in England and Wales.
The family of a soldier who died at a military base in Surrey 22 years ago have won the right to a fresh inquest into his death, the High Court has ruled after a judge ruled fresh evidence "cast doubt" on the original finding.The family say they are "relieved" they can finally move forward with their case.
The family feuding over the tributes to Singapore's founding father, Lee Kuan Yew, has thrown a spotlight on the country's dynastic politics in a city-state that prides itself on dynastic dynasticism.Â£1bn worth of tributes have been paid to him in the past year, but a row has erupted between his daughter and the government over how best to remember him.
A bag designed by Dundee students has been designed to "talk" to you when you take a credit card out of it and play a series of "voices" to warn you not to spend too much money on something you did not think you would buy.
Two men have been charged with historical sex offences against boys at a former boarding school, police have confirmed to the BBC Newsnight's Victoria Derbyshire programme, which first reported the abuse in the 1970s and '80s, and later said it was linked to a paedophile ring at the school.
Harlequins have signed scrum-half Alex Jackson from Wasps for the 2016-17 Premiership season, subject to a medical and personal terms being finalised, reports BBC Radio London.Â£500,000 has been paid to the player by the Premiership club.
Worcestershire and Kent have been unable to play on the opening day of their County Championship Division Two match at New Road because of a waterlogged outfield at the County Ground in Cheltenham, Kent say they hope to resume on Monday morning.
A fire on a passenger ferry off the coast of Mallorca in the Balearics has forced the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from the burning vessel, Spanish officials say, with some of them feared to have died in the blaze.â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.2m; $1.6m)
Police investigating the murder of a man in County Antrim have returned to the scene of the crime on Thursday to make a fresh appeal for information about a man seen running away from a burnt-out car in the area the day before the killing.Â£10,000 in cash has been recovered from a house in Newtownabbey.
A Caerphilly county meat firm has been fined £15,000 after a retrial over frozen meat products found to be several years past the use by date was ordered after a Supreme Court ruling in 2011.Â£12,000 costs have been imposed on the company.
When Serge Godin's father was killed in a car accident, the family fortune was wiped out, and his mother had to work at a supermarket to help pay the bills, it was the loss of his father's business that inspired him to start his own computer company.
A £1m lottery jackpot winner is being sought by police after no-one has come forward to claim the prize for more than a month, lottery bosses have said - but they are urging anyone who bought the winning ticket to check their pockets and wallets.
The French honorary consul in the Turkish city of Bodrum has been secretly filmed selling supplies to migrants trying to reach Europe by sea, a French TV channel has discovered, in the wake of the death of Syrian toddler Alan Kurdi last week, the BBC has learned.
Scottish UKIP MEP David Coburn has said he would do his "best" to lead the party if asked to do so, but only if he was asked by his colleagues in the party's leadership contest.The party needs an agenda for the future, not individuals, he has said.
Eddie Redmayne has revealed he's been working with a movement coach to help him prepare for the role of Einar Elbe in a new film he's starring in with Tom Hiddleston and Alicia Vikander next year, which is to be called The Danish Girl.
Ronnie O'Sullivan was knocked out of the Welsh Open after losing 4-3 to Mark Holt in the first round of the Grand Prix in Cardiff on Tuesday.Compatriot Peter Ebdon reached the second round with a 4-2 win over Mark Selby.
Thousands of London Underground passengers are being asked to wear "Disability on board" badges as part of a pilot scheme to help disabled and sick people get around the capital's transport network.Â£1,000 is to be spent on making badges for disabled people to alert other passengers.
Featherstone Rovers prop Joe Pick and Castleford player Mark Bateman have been banned for two years after testing positive for performance-enhancing drugs in the build-up to the 2015 Super League season, the UK Anti-Doping Agency has said.
More than 100 churches in Nigeria's main city, Lagos, have been shut down for making too much noise, as part of a crackdown on noise pollution in the Nigerian city, officials have said, in a bid to make it noise-free by the end of the year.
Linfield came from behind to beat Glenavon 3-2 in the Irish Premiership game at the Brandywell and move up to third in the table with the win. Click here for Match of the Day highlights from Saturday's game between Linfield and Glentoran.
Imagine a world in which it is possible that you are dying, but you are not aware of it because you are too busy working in a busy, busy world.Â£1.5bn a year is spent on treating people who are dying in England and yet many of them are not getting the right care.
Rangers Football Club has raised £22.2m from professional and institutional investors and fans in a share issue.The club has said it is "just at the start of the journey" to recovery after a "staggering" £5m boost to its share price.
The Indian state of Jharkhand has banned lavish weddings in a bid to cut down on waste and noise, the state government has said in a ban on lavish feasts in the Muslim-majority state.The ban has come into effect after more than 30 years.
Adrian Gill, one of the UK's best-known journalists, has died at the age of 60 after a short illness, the Sunday Times has announced in its weekly magazine Tatler, where he worked for more than 20 years.Tributes have been paid to the "extraordinary and unique" writer and columnist.
Rangers have appointed Manchester City Academy director of football Mark Allen as their new head coach and technical director on a three-year deal."Steeped in history and tradition, I am honoured to join Rangers," said Mark Allen following his departure from the Etihad Stadium.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has never wavered in her resolve to solve Europe's migration crisis, even though she's under intense pressure from within her own party to do so, and from within the Turkish government to do the same - and from the Turkish president to do it too.
Archaeologists have uncovered evidence that Galloway may have been the "heartland" of a lost Dark Age kingdom, according to one of the project's co-ordinators who excavated the site in Dumfries and Galloway three years ago and has produced new findings.
Russell Knox and Paul Casey are tied for the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship at Bay Hill in New Jersey, the first PGA Tour event of the year to be played in the United States' oldest city, New York City, and the first of the 2016 Olympics.
Annan Athletic striker Omar Haidar Khan says his dream of playing in the Scottish Cup came a step closer when his club reached the fifth round of the Scottish League Cup thanks to the support of the community in his hometown of Kilmarnock, North Lanarkshire.
Councils in England and Wales are planning to raise council tax by more than 2% in April to help pay for social care costs, a survey suggests, with many planning to do so at the same time as the government has said it will freeze bills for the first time.
Ambulance firm Coperforma has been accused of failing to pay a company that took over its patient transport contract in Sussex after two other providers went bust.Â£200,000 worth of unpaid invoices have been claimed by the company's lease provider.
Lyon Ladies have signed United States striker Alex Morgan on a season-long loan from Major League Soccer side Seattle Reigning Olympic champions Seattle Reign, with the option of a longer-term deal if the club win the French title this season."I'm in my prime right now, but my prime isn't going to last forever."
British snowboarder Charlotte Cheshire says she is "over all of her head injuries" after qualifying for the final of the World Cup slopestyle event in the United States for the first time in three years with a score of 87.20.Japan's Ayana Onozuka won gold in the final.
England's Nicola Adams has called on the World Boxing Commission (WBC) to end the three-minute round rule in women's boxing after she was frustrated by the length of her first bout against Russia's Makhachkala Akavov in London.
Sevilla are on course to become the first team to win the Europa League three times in a row after they drew 1-1 in the first leg of their last-16 tie in Ukraine's second tier.Â£25m-rated Marlos Marlos scored twice as they fought back from a goal down to earn a draw in the second leg in Lviv.
Russia's military build-up in Crimea poses a threat to the entire Black Sea, US Air Force General Robert Breedlove has warned, as he arrived in Ukraine to discuss the crisis in the country's eastern Ukraine region with Ukraine's President Petro Poroshenko and Russia's Vladimir Putin.
Imagine you're a little boy and you're on the back nine of the final round of a major championship and you have one last putt to win it all - or, more precisely, two last putts to do it all over again, in the space of a few seconds.
A dog called Ludwig is one of the UK's best-loved pet dogs, and now he's even got his own YouTube channel! Click here to see more about him on the BBC's Pet of the Year programme.Â£1,000 prize for best toy of the year.
Sinn Féin has said the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) has "lost the run of themselves" in Northern Ireland's political institutions as the botched heating scheme scandal spirals out of control and the political process is "dragged recklessly" towards "an unprecedented tipping point".
The chief constable of South Yorkshire Police is to step down after a report into child sexual exploitation in Rotherham found the force missed opportunities to tackle the issue early on, the force has said in a brief statement to BBC South Yorkshire's Victoria Derbyshire news website.
The number of people with diabetes in Wales has risen at an "alarming" rate in the last decade, a charity has warned.It has warned the condition is threatening to "wreak havoc" to the NHS.Â£1.5bn is needed to tackle the problem, it has said.
Hearts have signed Poland international centre-back Tomas Grzelak on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee from Polish second-tier side Kralovec Gniezegorzowiec on a three-year-deal, with the option of a further year.
The operators of the UK's cash machine network are meeting to try to resolve a dispute over the way they pay card-holders to use the machines, the BBC has learned from a member of the network, known as LINK, that could lead to a cut in the number of free ATMs.
A Saudi royal source has told the BBC that a $681m (Â£425m) donation to Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak ahead of the 2013 election was intended to help his coalition win the election, not to help him out of trouble, but to help the opposition.
Chris Eubank Jr will defend his British middleweight title against Jamie Doran on Saturday, a week after his father Chris Blackwell suffered a near-fatal brain injury in their last fight, but says he will not let it affect his performance in the rematch.
Turkish police say they have seized more than 1,300 poorly made life jackets used by migrants trying to cross the Mediterranean from Greece to Europe, in the wake of the deaths of dozens of people who drowned in the sea off the coast of northern Greece this week.
A man has been given a suspended prison sentence for his part in a pitch invasion at League One side Southend United's match against Rochdale.Â£1,000 fine and a five-year football banning order.Â© BBC News.com
Chris and Gabby Adcock have become the first British number one seeds to win the English Championships five times in a row with victory in the men's doubles final on day five of the event's English Open qualifiers in Derbyshire on Sunday.Â£50,000 in prize money has been awarded to the top seeds.
Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by Sheffield United at the Proact Stadium, despite being awarded a penalty late on to secure a draw at home to the League One promotion-chasing Shrimpers.
Robert Lewandowski was involved in a clash with a police officer during Poland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Romania, which was halted for more than an hour because of a pitch invasion by a fan who threw a firework at the goalposts in Bucharest on Tuesday.
Kids in Adelaide, Australia have been given the chance to design their own national parks - using 3D printing technology to create 3D-printed versions of the land around the city's parks and open spaces, as part of a national park design competition in the city.
All crew members on Northern Isles cargo boats will be paid at least the minimum wage, the Scottish government has confirmed.Â£1.5m is to be spent on a deal to resolve a dispute over pay and conditions for some of the vessels' crew.Â©
Ospreys flanker Taulupe Faletau will be available for the visit of Scarlets on Boxing Day after recovering from a shoulder injury.The Welsh region are hoping to have back-to-back European Champions Cup wins for the first time this season.
Kempton trainer Barry Ackerman has had his six-month ban from horse racing reinstated after losing his appeal against the decision to suspend him for a second time in less than a year.Â£5,000 fine imposed on him for betting offences has been quashed.
Nato has formally ended its 10-year-long military mission in Afghanistan, marking the start of a new mission to train and advise the country's security forces, after the end of the US-led alliance's combat mission.Â£1.5bn mission.
A German far-right nationalist has been injured in a hit-and-run crash in which he was hit by a car driven by two asylum seekers, German media report, citing local media reports, but police say it was a "tragic accident" and not a racist incident.
A man has died and three other people have been injured in a crash between two cars in Nottingham, prompting a police appeal to find out what caused the crash in the city centre, police have said in a murder inquiry into the death of a father-of-three.
Wales' first minister has accused Theresa May of giving the impression the UK government does not listen to the people of Wales as it prepares to leave the European Union, amid calls for a second independence referendum on the UK's future in Scotland and a second referendum on Scottish independence.
Former England batsman Paul Downton has been appointed as England's new director of cricket by the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) after a successful spell in the role in the 1990s and early 2000s, the governing body has announced on its website.
The parents of a man killed in a hit-and-run crash have called for tougher sentences for dangerous drivers after a campaign by the road safety charity Brake called for a change in the law to protect victims' families from being "betrayed" by the justice system.
A sheep has been rescued by police after it was spotted roaming around a garden in Londonderry in the early hours of the morning on Saturday.Â£1,000 worth of food was found in the back garden of a house in the Drummond area of Belfast.
Greece's new left-wing Syriza government has set out a list of reforms it wants to make in order to secure a deal with its international creditors to end the country's debt crisis and secure a third bailout deal with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the European Central Bank.
Gloucester's former prison has opened its doors to the public for the first time since it was closed three years ago, with plans to turn it into a housing and retail complex for the city centre and visitor centre for more than 100,000 visitors to come forward.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Fearne Cotton has ended her 10-year career with her final show, playing her final edition of her award-winning breakfast show, The Breakfast Show, live on air from London's O2 Arena on Sunday morning, before moving on to a new job.
Bath and England full-back Anthony Watson has been charged with unsportsmanlike conduct by the Rugby Football Union following his red card in Saturday's 24-21 defeat by Saracens at Twickenham, which sent him to the sin-bin for a second time this season.
Dan Holman scored a hat-trick as Cheltenham cruised to a comfortable win over Woking to move to the top of the National League for the first time this season.Â£10,000 of bonus points were awarded to the Robins for the second successive week.
Dice dating back to the ancient Chinese era have been discovered in a tomb in China, Chinese archaeologists have said, in what is believed to be the country's first discovery of its kind in more than 2,000 years.Â£1m worth of ancient dice have been unearthed.
Rangers defender Domingos Alves says he would have joined the club even if they had not failed to qualify for Europe this season - but admits it was "frustrating" not to play in the Europa League in the summer because of international commitments.
China's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years in September, as the country's producer prices continued to fall, official data has shown, adding to fears of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy, which is China's biggest economy.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he is "disappointed" that Jazz Richards has taken so long to return from injury and is unlikely to play for the Bluebirds again this season, despite the defender returning to training on Monday."I like Jazz, I have always liked Jazz, but unfortunately he is disappointed," says the manager.
A safety device on Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two crashed during a test run, killing one of its pilots and injuring another, the company has said in a statement to the US media, but it is not yet known what caused it to go into orbit on Saturday.
As Iraqi forces close in on the last pockets of resistance in the city of Mosul, the BBC's Mark Lowen in the Iraqi capital, Baghdad, reports from inside the city where the battle for Mosul is being fought for control of the last area held by the so-called Islamic State.
Pesticides used to control pests on crops are damaging the brains of honey bees, research has suggested, raising questions about the long-term impact on the pollinators' ability to search for food and communicate with their fellow bees in search of a sweet nectar reward.
A new centre of excellence for renewable energy research is to be set up at the University of Ulster following a £10m grant from the European Union (EU) and the Department for the Economy in Northern Ireland (DfE) in a bid to boost the sector.
Egyptian archaeologists say they have identified "temperatures anomalies" in the pyramids of Giza that could explain why some of the structures appear to be hotter than others at dawn and at sunset during the day and at rest times during the year-long project.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a quarry and is to be detonated in a controlled explosion, police have said, with "no immediate risk to anyone in the local area".A cordon has been set up for residents to avoid a "loud bang" when it is detonated.
A man has been arrested in connection with the alleged abduction and attempted murder of model Chloe Ayling, who was allegedly drugged with ketamine and tried to be sold in an online auction, UK police have said, adding he is due to appear in court next month.
Prank TV shows have become increasingly popular in the Arab world, but they have also become a source of controversy, particularly during Ramadan, when viewers are expected to fast during the holy month of Ramadan.Â© Ramez Galal, Rachid Boudjedra and Nour el-Hussein
General Motors is to invest $1bn (Â£800m) in a new research and development centre in Ontario, Canada, creating 1,000 new jobs over the next five years. The Canadian province has become the first in the world to invest in its car-making sector.
Hundreds of people have lined up to pay their respects to former Toronto Mayor Rob Ford as his body is laid to rest at the city's city hall for a repose of his body and a state funeral.Â£1m (1.6m; $2.2m) has been paid to his family.
A fox cub has been rescued from the engine compartment of a car in Dumfries and Galloway after it became trapped in the gearbox of a parked vehicle, the Scottish SPCA has said in a new release on its website.Â£1,000 reward has been offered to anyone who can help free it.
The distinctive Scots accent has been changing for at least 100 years, according to a new study of speech sounds recorded in Glasgow and other parts of the UK, it has been claimed in the journal Sounds of the City of Diblettas (SofD).
A campaign to save a cathedral in Surrey from closure has reached its £7m target, the city's mayor has said.Preparatory work is set to begin on a £10m restoration and upgrade of the Grade II-listed building next month.Â£4.6m has been awarded a lottery grant.
Robin Wright is a star of a hit US TV series, but she is fighting for equal pay for equal work, after finding out she was being paid less than her male co-star in the show than she was for the previous season of House of Cards, she told the BBC.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed little changed on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes ending the day little changed, but the Nasdaq ended the day flat on a positive note after a choppy day of trading.Â£1.5bn worth of US stocks closed at record highs.
Unpaid internships should be banned as part of a drive to improve social mobility, MPs have said in a new report by a cross-party group of MPs and peers in the House of Commons.The use of unpaid internships is damaging young people from poorer backgrounds, they say.
The Scottish government is to invest £2.2m in an offshore wind development project to help reduce the cost of generating electricity from wind turbines off the coast of Shetland and the north west of Scotland's west coast of the country, it has been announced.
A mother-of-four and her partner smuggled 12 people into the UK in the back of a van they were travelling in, a court has been told as they went on a day trip to the south of France to see a friend's family.Â£20,000 worth of alcohol and cigarettes were found in the vehicle, a jury has heard.
Cuba was the world's first Communist-led state when it emerged from the ashes of the Cold War in 1991, and was the first to emerge from the shadow of its former leader Fidel Castro, who led a revolution in the 1950s and 60s that brought it independence.
Australia captain Michael Clarke has praised England's "outstanding leadership of Alastair Cook" after the third Test victory over India in Ahmedabad, describing him as "one of the greatest batsmen in the world" and "the right-sized feet" of a young man.
The Scottish SPCA has called for an urgent licensing of airguns after a cat was shot in the back of the head with a pellet gun in Aberdeenshire, leaving it paralysed in one of its hind legs, the charity has said.
The Irish tricolour has been flown over Stormont for the first time in Northern Ireland since the collapse of the Northern Ireland Executive in January.Â£500,000 worth of rainbow flags have been flown in Belfast ahead of the city's gay pride parade.
A Labour MEP has announced he is to leave his seat in the European Parliament to take up a top role at an international body that advises governments and businesses on corporate governance.Â£1.5bn is to be spent on a new role in the organisation he will lead.
Hackers claiming to have stolen scripts from Game of Thrones and other HBO shows have released material stolen from the firm, it has been claimed by a group claiming to be the "largest ever breach" of the firm's computer network, the firm has confirmed to the BBC.
A police investigation is under way into allegations of child sexual exploitation at Kids Company, a children's charity in north London, the NSPCC and the BBC has confirmed to BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio 4's Victoria Derbyshire show on Thursday.Â£1m of funding has been withdrawn from the organisation.
US actor Morgan Freeman is to receive the American Film Institute's (AFI) lifetime achievement award for his "outstanding contribution to cinema" and "outpouring of love and respect" for his work in the film industry, the organisation has said in a statement.
A 40-year-old man has been arrested in Crawley on suspicion of membership of organisations linked to the Syrian civil war, the town's MP has said, adding it is a "very concerning" case to be in the town at the time of a terror attack.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has performed worse than other UK banks in a stress test of the health of the eurozone's banks, which examined the impact of a recession on their balance sheets in the event of a major economic shock in the next few years.
A chain ferry service on the Isle of Wight is to change the way passengers and vehicles are disembarked and re-embarked from the vessel.A council has said it may "initially result in a slower service" as a result of the new rules.
Wakefield Trinity Wildcats full-back Paul Simon has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side, keeping him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.Â£1.5m will be paid to the player's contract in 2018.
A new divorce form asking people to name the person they believe has committed adultery with their spouse is "an invitation which most broken hearts will not be able to refuse", lawyers have said, adding that it puts the petitioner in a "bad light" and "puts them in a bad light".
One of Scotland's most famous birds of prey, the swan, has returned to a nature reserve in the Highlands for a second season in a row - but this time she is a little bit more prepared for the drama.Â£10,000 worth of drama.
Do you worry that if you leave your mobile phone at home you will not be able to get back in touch with your friends or family when you get home from work or school? Do you feel anxious about being online? Do your friends and family feel you are missing out on important events because of it?
Russia's foreign ministry spokeswoman has said Jews in New York helped Donald Trump win the US presidential election because they were "interested" in finding out how the vote was going and wanted to "talk to" them about the outcome of the US election, in a rare public appearance.
Four people have been treated for smoke inhalation after a fire broke out on a Tube train at Oxford Circus station in central London, the London Ambulance Service has said, and two people were taken to hospital as a precautionary measure after the blaze was brought under control.
Egyptian police and soldiers are carrying out a "cynical political strategy" to rape and torture detainees, the Egyptian Human Rights Watch (EHRS) says, accusing the authorities of a "political witch-hunt" and "perpetrating a campaign of terror".
Leigh Griffiths says Celtic are "fired up" for the challenge ahead after clinching the Scottish Premiership title on Sunday, but he is already looking forward to the challenge of next season too - and not just in terms of winning the title itself.Â£1.5m in prize money.
The UK unemployment rate has fallen below 5% for the first time in more than a decade, official figures show, as wage growth slowed to its slowest pace for more than two years in the third quarter of the year, according to official figures for the UK economy.
A TV programme in which illusionist Derren Brown appeared to self-asphyxiate himself has been banned from being shown before the watershed because it was too "harmful" for children to watch, watchdog Ofcom has ruled, after complaints from the public.
Great Britain's Adam Peaty set a new world record in the 50m breaststroke to win Olympic gold for the second time in two days in Rio on Wednesday.Â£1.3m was spent on his performance at the Rio 2016 Games, according to organisers.
It all started with a single freckle on a man's finger - and ended with a 35-year jail sentence for a paedophile who used the same greeting as the one used in many of the images of child abuse he posted on a website he was running.
It is not every day that you get to spend a whole day in space, let alone a whole night, in a capsule that is bigger than a football pitch. And yet that is exactly what one Chinese astronaut has just done in the International Space Station's Soyuz spacecraft.
A Canadian man has been charged in connection with a series of bomb attacks in the Canadian city of Winnipeg that left two people injured, one seriously, in the last week, police say.Â£10,000 (Â£6,000) has been raised for a lawyer who was injured in one of the blasts.
Dundee United have signed Ross Murdoch from Ross County of Kildare for an undisclosed fee, subject to a work permit and work permit, on a one-year deal.Â£100,000 compensation is to be paid to the player and his agent.
The bodies of six journalists kidnapped in Libya last year have been found in the east of the country, the Libyan government has said, blaming Islamic State militants for their deaths.Â£1m in ransom has been paid for their release, local officials say, after the bodies were recovered.
Britain's Victoria Lucas won her first World Cup regatta of the season with victory in the women's Finn class at the Para-cycling regatta in Perth, Australia, on Saturday night, ahead of this summer's Rio Paralympics in Rio.
Universities in England will be forced to offer students a "binding contract" to ensure they get the best service they can get, says Universities Minister Jo Johnson, in a speech to think tank Reform on Thursday.Labour has accused the government of a "smokescreen" over the cost of tuition fees.
India has condemned Pakistan's military court's decision to sentence an Indian navy officer to death for spying, saying it was "indefensible" and "shameful" for the country to go ahead with the execution of a spy.Â£1bn-a-year diplomatic row between the two countries has intensified.
At least 16 people have been killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say, with the death toll from the blast expected to rise above 30 in the coming hours, local media report.Dozens of people are still missing after the blast.
A man has been threatened with a knife during an armed robbery at a house in Londonderry, the PSNI has said.No-one has been injured in the incident, which police are treating as attempted murder at this stage in the investigation into the theft of money.
More than 1,000 people have been convicted of dog fighting offences in England and Wales in the past year, according to the RSPCA, with the highest number of calls to its helpline in London and the West Midlands in the space of a year.
A court in Myanmar (also known as Burma) has charged 65 people in connection with violent clashes between police and protesters in the country's largest city, Yangon, the BBC has learned from a local court in the north-eastern state of Kachin.
An Islamic school in Birmingham has been criticised by Ofsted inspectors for failing to show "proper respect" for women at a meeting of its board of governors, the BBC has learned from the education watchdog's chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw's letter to the education secretary.
A "depraved sexual predator" who raped and sexually abused a Denbighshire woman over a 10-year period has been jailed for 12 years and three months.A judge has described him as a "manipulative and depraved" paedophile who had no remorse.
Morecambe came from behind to beat 10-man Cambridge United and move out of the League Two relegation zone with a 2-1 win at the Kassam Stadium, with the hosts now bottom of the National League table after a run of three straight defeats in all competitions.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested in County Londonderry on suspicion of possession of a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life or cause grievous bodily harm with intent, the PSNI has said.Â£10,000 has been seized by police in connection with the arrest of a teenager.
Cardiff City striker Alun Wyn Jones is a doubt for Sunday's visit of Preston North End after being ruled out for the rest of the season with an injury he suffered on international duty in South America, BBC Wales Sport has learned on Friday night and will be assessed on Sunday.
Head teachers, teachers' leaders and union leaders are calling for a pay rise for teachers in England and Wales as they warn of a "dramatic decline" in teacher recruitment and retention.The profession is facing a crisis, says the leaders of six of the UK's biggest teaching unions.
A second small earthquake has been recorded in Lancashire within a week near the site of a controversial shale gas drilling operation in Preese Hall, near the town of Poulton-le-Fylde, the UK's geological agency has said, after tests found it to be a "similar event".
An exhibition of paintings by Michelangelo Caravaggio is to open at the Scottish National Gallery in Edinburgh later this month, celebrating the work of one of the most influential painters of the 17th Century and the influence he had on the modern art world.
Apple has urged users of its iCloud service to turn on its two-step verification system to prevent cyber-thieves accessing their data without a password.Â£1bn-worth of back-up data has been deleted from the service, the company has said.
The family of the British journalist Marie Colvin, who was killed while reporting from Syria, is suing the government of President Bashar al-Assad for her murder, alleging that the Syrian regime ordered an attack on her and three other journalists in 2012 that was approved by senior officials.
A four-month-old baby boy was killed and his brother was seriously injured when a family dog attacked them, an inquest has heard, leaving them both with "life-changing injuries" from the attack, a coroner has ruled at the start of a three-day inquest.
Scotland's sporting budget is set to be cut by £5m over the next three years, according to the body that represents the country's sports bodies and governing bodies, BBC Scotland has learned from the BBC Scotland Sport website and BBC Scotland Scotland Sport news website.
Pregnant women who are obese during pregnancy are more likely to give birth to a child who is less healthy, according to a major study in the European Journal of Pregnancy and Child Health (Dorian) journal published in the British Journal of Public Health.
Bronze weapons dating back to 3,000 years have been discovered on the Isle of Coll in Argyll and Bute in what is thought to be the first of its kind to be found in the area for many years, it has been claimed by conservationists.
A teenage boy has been attacked and stamped on by a group of men on a train in Glasgow city centre, leaving him with facial injuries and a broken cheekbone and eye socket in a serious assault, it has been claimed by the police and rail police.Â£1,000 is being sought in connection with the assault.
A teacher has been arrested in Spain on suspicion of making and sharing thousands of sexually explicit images of underage girls, Spanish police have said in a press conference in Seville, where he was being held on Sunday evening, local media report from the capital, Seville.
Beyonce has topped a list of the top 10 highest-earning artists for 2014, taking home an estimated $100m (£66m) in earnings.Â£52m (£32.5m) was earned by the pop star in 2013-14, according to Forbes.
A World Cup winner's medal won by Brazilian football legend Pele in 1958 has sold for £100,000 at auction in New York, making it the second-most expensive item sold at auction so far in the first day of the auction of his memorabilia.
Indonesia's president has criticised Australia for recalling its ambassador over allegations that Canberra spied on him and other senior officials, including his wife, in 2009, in a row over phone tapping, saying it has "damaged the strategic partnership" between the two countries.
A video purporting to show the killing of dozens of Syrian government soldiers and pro-government rebels has been posted online by Amnesty International and the UN's human rights body, which says it is a "war crime" in its eyesight and "shocking" to watch.
Organic farming can be beneficial for wildlife and the environment, according to a new study of crops grown in France in the winter wheat fields of Poitou-Charente region of the south-west of the Alps, scientists say in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.
The managers of some of the UK's biggest live music stars have signed a letter calling for a crackdown on "troublemakers" who sell tickets for concerts and other sporting events at inflated prices on secondary ticketing websites, saying they are "shocking" to the public.
The UK government has announced that it is raising the levy on the debts of the UK's banks by 0.1% from January, to 0.088%, the same rate as before, in an attempt to raise £2.6bn a year to help deal with the government's budget deficit.
Donald Trump's surprise election victory has triggered a sell-off in US and European bond markets, but there is no sign that the rout is coming to an end, with investors still worried about the impact on the global economy of higher interest rates and stimulus from the new US president.
Tesco has reported a rise in UK sales for the second quarter of the year, in what it says is a "challenging market" with "sustained deflation in the face of growing competition".Shares in the UK's biggest retailer have risen by more than 1% after the company said it was "encouraged" by the "progress" it was making.
A driver stopped by police in Dorset was trying to find a Sam Smith track on You Tube because he did not have a copy of the singer's new album Writing's On The Wall, it has been claimed by the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
Dame Judi Dench has revealed she has lost the sight in one of her eyes for the first time since she was diagnosed with a degenerative condition that has left her partially sighted and partially deaf in one eye, but says she is determined to carry on acting.
A double-decker bus got stuck on a farmer's muck heap after ignoring a "no unauthorised vehicles" sign and driving down a country road, it has been claimed by the farmer.Â£1,000 worth of damage has been caused to the vehicle.
A total solar eclipse has been visible across much of the world, with a bright orange colour seen over parts of Australia, New Zealand and South East Asia on Monday.Â© AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Getty Images Â© EPA, EPA and Reuters
Plans to introduce a universal basic income in Wales are "worrying" for the economy, a Cardiff University professor has said, adding it is "far too expensive" for Wales to go the same way as Scotland's "extremely expensive socialist experiment" in the UK.
Two north Wales hospitals rated inadequate for food hygiene have been upgraded to four-star ratings, the health board has said, despite criticism from an assembly member and a local councillor earlier in the year, it had been criticised for being "abysmal" in terms of safety.
It's now a year since the general election but there are still plenty of questions for Welsh Labour about what went wrong and how to move on from the result of the assembly election and what it will mean for the party's prospects in the next general election campaign.
Trawsfynydd nuclear power station in Gwynedd could be used as a demonstration site for a new type of reactor, according to two separate reports in the House of Commons and the Institute of Mechanical Engineers in the UK, BBC Wales has learned.
Commons Speaker John Bercow has appointed the Australian David Natzler as the new House of Commons Clerk, after a row over who should take on the job of head of the House of Lords' legal and administrative staff.The appointment has been welcomed by MPs and the prime minister.
A woman with rheumatoid arthritis who uses cannabis to treat her pain and nausea says she is considering moving to a new country to escape the criminal justice system in the UK, where cannabis is still illegal, as the BBC's Michelle Roberts reports from the West Country.
Tunisians have voted in a run-off presidential election, the first since the overthrow of long-serving leader Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011, which is widely seen as a referendum on the future of the country's long-term leadership.
Partick Thistle have completed the signing of Dundee United States midfielder Paul Erskine, but have not yet agreed a deal to sign midfielder Barry Bannigan, BBC Scotland has learned from BBC Radio Scotland's Alex Neilson in Dundee on Thursday.
Accountancy firms accused of advising companies on how to avoid tax by using tax havens have defended their work at a parliamentary hearing.The Big Four accountancy firms have said their advice is "based on fact" and not "substance and fact" as they have been accused by MPs.
A vaccine against a cancer-causing virus could be having an "even greater impact" on cervical cancer than previously thought, according to a new study in the journal Cervical Oncology and the Microbiology Society of the UK's annual conference in Edinburgh.
Cardiff City boss Neil Warnock says it was "probably fate" that he was not offered the job of Aston Villa manager in the summer as the Championship club wanted "bigger names" in the managerial market at the time.Â£10m was the price they paid.
Canada has revoked the citizenship of a Ukrainian man who says he was a member of a Nazi death squad during World War Two, despite never serving in the unit's combat unit, the Einsatzkommando, which was responsible for the killing of more than two million Jews.
Scotland is the only part of the UK where small businesses are doing more business online, according to a new report by the Bank of Scotland and a report by Accenture and Doteveryone and Accoustyone, which has highlighted the need to invest in basic digital skills.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Wednesday, boosted by gains in the pharmaceutical and technology sectors, after strong economic data showed a pick-up in the US services sector in recent months and a rise in the value of the dollar against the euro.Â£1.6bn (£1.4bn) in US Treasuries fell on Wednesday.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for 12 years for raping a 15-year old girl in a park.Police have said they hope the victim can "come to terms with what has happened" after he was jailed for four years and nine months.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg have been given an ultimatum by their bosses to avoid a repeat of the collision that led to their last-lap collision in the Austrian Grand Prix, which cost them both victory and a world championship lead in the season-opening race.
Russia has blocked access to more than 1,000 porn websites, saying they spread "pornography", the country's internet service providers have said in a statement to the BBC.Â£1bn-worth of pornography websites have been blocked in the country, state media report.
A former home of explorer Gertrude Bell and a Victorian hospital are among the most endangered buildings in England, according to a charity which highlights the country's "top 10" most endangered listed buildings in a bid to save them from the wrecking ball.
Iraqi voters go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new government, in the country's first general election since the US-led ousting of Saddam Hussein in 2003 and the rise of Shia-led forces in the wake of the civil war in neighbouring Syria.
France's far-right leader Marine Le Pen is to announce she will not stand for re-election, according to the French newspaper Le Figaro and reports from her party's official newspaper, citing a source close to the family and a senior party official who says the move is "in the works".
Wales prop Tomas Francis says he is relieved to have been retained in the squad for Friday's Six Nations match against England after admitting the players were "on edge" following their heavy defeat by Scotland on Saturday.Â£1m prop Samson Lee says he was relieved to keep his place in the side.
Eight people have been arrested in connection with a series of vandalism attacks on a Flintshire bank and a car in Flintshire on New Year's Eve, police have said, with one person taken to hospital with a serious head injury and another being treated in hospital for shock.
One of the UK's busiest rail routes could be hit by up to 120 incidents a year by the end of the century, according to a new report by academics.Â£1bn could be spent diverting routes on the route by 2040, it has been claimed.
Southeastern is to compensate passengers affected by the closure of the Dover to London high-speed rail line because of damage caused by stormy weather earlier this month.Â£1.5m will be paid out in compensation to those affected, it has been announced.
Thousands of Glastonbury festival-goers have braved the first day of the three-day event, which has been hit by torrential rain in some parts of the festival's first full day in the UK for more than 40 years, to watch Florence and the Machine headline on Friday.
The leader of the Welsh Conservatives, Andrew RT Davies, has asked the presiding officer to tell AMs to stop using "aggressive language" in debates on the EU referendum result and to use more "rational" language about the vote to leave the European Union in the assembly.
This may be my last blog here at the BBC Business News website, as I am leaving the corporation to become a freelance presenter on BBC Radio 4's Today programme and later this year I will be moving to BBC Radio 5 live and Radio 4 business news, where I will continue to report business news.
Championship side Burton Albion have signed Aston Villa duo Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m move to the end-of-season transfer fee.
When Victoria Jones was told she was pregnant with her second child, she was taken aback by the reaction she received from her doctor and midwife husband, Nicky Williams, who congratulated her on becoming a mother of a boy with Down's syndrome at their home in Monmouth.
A "zombified" father who put his "green monster" buggy up for sale on eBay for £1,000 has said he has "broke the eBay limit" after the advert attracted more than £1.5m in bids.Â£1,500 has been paid for the buggy.
A former senior trader at Rabobank has pleaded guilty in the US to trying to rig a key interest rate used to set the Libor benchmark used by banks to settle trillions of dollars worth of trades, US prosecutors said on Wednesday.Â£1.2bn (1.6bn euros) has been fined by the bank.
Hull FC have signed full-back Joe Arundel from Super League side Hull FC on a two-year deal from next season for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the 2017 campaign, subject to international clearance.
A seven-day NHS in England would be a waste of money, the head of one of the UK's largest health charities has said, as the row over the government's plan for a "seven-day" service rumbles on over the next few weeks.
Triathlete Non Stanford says she would be "very surprised" if Helen Jenkins is not selected for the Rio Olympics after winning the World Triathlon World Series event in Australia on Saturday night in Australia.Â£1.5m-rated Jenkins has "put herself in a very strong position" to compete at the Games, says the 28-year-old.
The UK's National Crime Agency (NCA) has agreed to lead an investigation into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loan portfolio last year, the BBC has learned from the Northern Ireland Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) and the BBC News NI.
Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen has announced plans to launch private rockets into space from high-flying aeroplanes, in a bid to fill a gap in the US space industry left by the retirement of the space shuttle.Â£3bn (Â£2.5bn) is to be spent on the project by the billionaire tech entrepreneur.
A legal challenge to the Scottish government's approval of four offshore wind farms in the Firth of Forth and Tay has been successful in the Court of Session in the High Court in Edinburgh, it has been announced on Monday.Â£1.5m worth of wind farm projects will have to be reconsidered.
A Fife man who admitted raping and indecently assaulting two young girls but claimed he was having hallucinations when he confessed to the crimes, a court has been told in a bid to spare his own life after he went to hospital to be treated for alcohol withdrawal.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead in a street in the early hours of Saturday morning, South Yorkshire Police have said in a press release to the BBC News Channel (UK/A) news website (UK-A).
The war in South Sudan has claimed the lives of more than a quarter of a million people since it broke out in July, but the scale of the violence is becoming increasingly clear - and it is not just the victims who are fleeing.The UN has warned that the conflict could become a humanitarian crisis.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes is confident his side can still finish second in the Premiership despite losing 3-0 to Rangers at Pittodrie, which leaves them seven points adrift of leaders Hibernian at the top of the Scottish table with six games remaining.
A ram mascot has been promoted to the highest rank in the British Army for his service to the regiment he has served in for the past eight years, it has been announced in Derbyshire on Friday.Â£1,000 has been awarded to him for his bravery and service.
Suicide bombers from so-called Islamic State (IS) have attacked a Shia Muslim shrine in the Iraqi city of Balad, killing at least 20 people, police and medical sources say, in the second such attack in the city in four days.The group has said it carried out the attack.
Binge-watching has been named as the word of the year in the Collins English Dictionary's list of the most popular words of the past 12 months, alongside dadbod, ghosting and ghosting, it has been revealed by the dictionary's publisher, Collins.
Brazil coach Luiz Felipe Scolari has resigned after the World Cup, the country's football federation (CBF) has announced on its website after his side were knocked out of the tournament in the play-off stage in the last 16 on Sunday.
The NHS in England is losing out on £380m a year on cancer drugs due to drug price rises, researchers at the World Cancer Conference in London have said.Drug companies have been raising the prices of some of the most commonly used cancer medicines by more than 100% since 2011.
The winner of the Ibrahim Prize for Excellence in African Governance has been announced, with no candidate in the running for the title this year, the winner's office has said in the capital, Nairobi, where the award is based in the city of Dar es Salaam.
An amber "be aware" warning of "very strong" winds of up to 90mph has been issued for parts of Scotland from Friday into Saturday, the Met Office has said, with the potential for "structural damage" to homes and roads in parts of the country.
Shakespeare's Globe has announced that actress Michelle Terry is to take over as its new artistic director and actor-manager next year, after a 12-year run at the theatre's Stratford-upon-Avon base and a career spanning more than 20 years.
A mother and her two-year-old daughter have been reported missing from Cardiff, prompting police to launch a search for the missing woman, who has not been seen for more than a week.Â£5,000 has been made available to trace her.
If you want to make it in the music business, you have to have the "guts" to go through the rigours of recording a record deal with one of the world's biggest record labels - and if you have the confidence to do it, then you're guaranteed success.
A Banksy mural that was removed from a sale in the US after protests is to be auctioned in London, it has been revealed, amid a row over the sale of the work's return to the UK.Â£50,000 is expected to be paid for it.
Macau's gambling revenues fell by more than expected in the third quarter of the year, as a crackdown on corruption and luxury spending by Chinese officials has hit the city's economy, according to official figures seen by the BBC's Mark Lowen in Hong Kong.
India's prestigious Sahitya Akademi, the country's top literary body, has condemned recent attacks on writers, including the killing of two prominent writers, in the wake of protests by writers and a wave of right-wing attacks on dissenters this year.
Hundreds of people have signed an online petition to save a Cambridge University college's BA and MA courses from being axed in a bid to save £1.5m over the next three years, it has been claimed by the college's principal and two tutors.
A man wanted in connection with the disappearance of Swansea man David Warburton has been arrested in the Republic of Ireland, police have said, as they continue to search for the missing pensioner's body in a Swansea flat where his body has not been found.
Britain's stage five winner Peter Sagan won stage five of the Giro d'Italia as Britain's Adam Yates was forced to abandon the race at the end of Sunday's penultimate stage in Milan-San Remo because of a back injury, race organisers say.
James Milner has retired from international football after turning down the offer of a new contract with the England Under-21s."Common sense" was the reason for his decision to retire from internationals, the midfielder has said in a statement to BBC Radio Solent.
Mohamed Elneny scored on his Arsenal debut as the Gunners were held to a goalless draw by Hull City in their FA Cup fourth-round replay at the Emirates Stadium, but are still in with a chance of reaching the quarter-finals for the third successive season.
Huawei has filed a patent infringement lawsuit against Samsung, accusing the tech giant of using some of its technologies without permission in its phones without its permission in some of the world's most popular smartphone brands, such as Samsung's Galaxy Note 7 and Galaxy Note 5, the BBC has learned.
The death of Saif al-Islam Gaddafi, the son of Libyan leader Col Muammar Gaddafi, has been widely seen as a victory for the rebels, and a vindication of the West's intervention in the conflict, and of the Nato-led coalition fighting the regime.
A man has died and a three-year-old girl has been injured after the car they were in was found in a field with a man's body in the back of the vehicle, an ambulance service has said, with the girl in the passenger seat.
A UK government minister has said he is "confident" a deal can be reached on Holyrood's new tax and welfare arrangements before the end of the month, despite a lack of agreement on the "fiscal framework" for the Scottish Parliament's new powers.
The US Secretary of State John Kerry has expressed "serious concern" over China's militarisation of territory in the South China Sea, saying it is a threat to international peace and international security, the US says in a letter to China's ambassador to the UN.
Nicola Sturgeon has accused David Cameron of "running scared" after the government postponed a vote on changes to the Hunting Act, saying he was "not master of all he surveys in the House of Commons" on issues affecting only England and Wales only only to win the support of SNP MPs.
Jeremy Corbyn has written to Theresa May asking for assurances that the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry will be split into two parts and deliver a report by the end of the year, rather than a single inquiry into the cause of the blaze, as he has previously said.
Wales prop Brian Mujati has joined Ospreys on a short-term deal until the end of the season after being released by Northampton Saints, BBC Wales Sport has learned.Â£100,000 has been paid by the Welsh Rugby Union for his services.
Rescuers are searching for a British backpacker missing in Vietnam after he fell from a mountain and injured his arm and knee, his girlfriend has said in a video posted on social media from the country's capital, Hanoi, where he is believed to be.
A memorial service has been held for Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson, who died last year at the age of 89.Â£1.5m has been paid to him by the club at a private family service in memory of the "legend" of the game.
Edinburgh Zoo's giant panda, Tian Tian, is pregnant and could give birth at the end of the month, the zoo has said in a new report to the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland (RZS).The zoo has confirmed that she conceived last year, but said it remains "entirely possible".
A campaign has been launched to find a national bird for the UK, with the aim of making it an official symbol of the nation's "greatness" before the 2015 general election, BBC Radio 4's Today programme has been told by an ornithologist.
Police in Austria have arrested a man they suspect of being a Nazi lookalike who has been spotted in the town where Adolf Hitler was born, police say.Â£1m ($1.2m; €1.4m) has been seized in a raid on his hidey-hole.
A murder investigation has been launched after the death of a man in Rotherham, police have said, following a "serious assault".A 17-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a father-of-two.Â£50,000 bail has been granted by police.
Two London Underground lines have been temporarily closed as a result of the fire at Grenfell Tower block in west London, the fire service has confirmed to the London Fire Brigade and Transport for London (TfL) has confirmed it has asked for them to be temporarily shut.
Joe Root is the "inexplicable" candidate to be England's next Test captain, says fast bowler James Anderson, who has played under five full-time skippers in his 15-year international career, including four of the last five in a row.
When the US Federal Communications Commission (FCC) announced plans to allow internet service providers to fast-track data-heavy video-streaming services like Netflix and Amazon Prime, it was met with a mixture of anger and despair.It was a momentous moment in the history of the internet.
Andre Gray's first-half penalty was enough to give Burnley victory over Blackburn and move them to the top of the Championship with a fourth straight league win.Blackburn missed the chance to move up to second place as they were held to a draw at Turf Moor by the Clarets.
Jaguar Land Rover (JLR) has announced plans to create 1,000 new jobs at its Solihull plant as part of a £500m investment over the next three years.The company has said it will invest another £100m in its design centre.
Corey Whitely's second-half strike earned Dagenham & Redbridge a 1-0 win at Eastleigh to end a run of three straight defeats in the National League and move them into the play-off places at the top of the table.
Jon Stead's late strike gave Notts County their first win of the League Two season as they beat Hartlepool United 2-1 at Prenton Park to move out of the bottom three of the table and into the play-off places with two games to go.
A 21-year-old man who was stabbed to death at a bar in south London has been named by police as a 22-year old man from north-west London.Police have appealed for witnesses.Â£10,000 has been released in a bid to find his killer.
England has been shortlisted for this year's European Tree of the Year competition, which aims to find the UK's oldest trees to represent the country at the 2016 Games of Thrones in the next 12 months.Â£50,000 will be awarded to the winner of the competition.
A man has died and two teenage girls have been taken to hospital after being rescued from the sea off the Conwy coast in Denbighshire, North Wales Police has said in a press release on its Facebook page and on Twitter account @BBCNewsNorthWales.
Up to 100 jobs are to go at a factory in Ballymena, County Londonderry, after a food company announced it was to close the plant with the loss of up to 100 production jobs by the end of the year due to "irreconcilable" issues.
Swimmers have been warned to keep an eye out for jellyfish after a rise in the number of jellyfish in the seas around north Wales and north-west England following the warm weather in the UK and the UK in recent weeks has been linked to the unusually cold spring.
A woman was "brutally murdered" by two people who tied her up with duct tape before cutting through her jugular vein, a court has been told in a murder trial in Warwickshire, where she was found dead in the bathroom of a flat.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have given birth to their first child, a girl named Charlotte Elizabeth Diana, the Royal Family has announced on the BBC News NI website, after the Duke's mother, Princess Diana, gave birth to a baby girl on Thursday.Here are some of the reaction from his colleagues at the Royal Air Force.
Wales scrum-half Tom Thornton says he is "pinching at the bit" at being called up to the squad for Friday's Six Nations match against Samoa at Twickenham, after being named on the bench for the first time in his career.
Durham County Council has said it will take legal action after a planning inspector refused to re-examine a plan to build 31,400 homes and create 5,000 jobs in a bid to boost the county's economy and attract more people to the area.
More than 150,000 people have been refused permission to stay in the UK despite being told to leave, the UK Border Agency's chief inspector of staff has said.There is no clear plan in place to deal with the backlog of people who have not left, he has warned.
Nicola Sturgeon has been named in a list of the world's 50 most powerful women, ahead of the US presidential election in November, according to a US magazine's annual list of top female leaders and influential figures in the world of business and public life in 2016.
A man has admitted handling stolen sheep after DNA tests revealed they were the offspring of a farmer's stolen ewes, in what is believed to be the first case of its kind in Wales and the first in England and Wales in the last 20 years, police have said.
A new exhibition has opened in London to mark the work of poet William Blake, whose work was destroyed in a fire in the early 20th Century, 100 years after it was first printed in his home town of Lambeth, south London, it has been revealed.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump poses a greater threat to global security than a new Cold War, the Economist Intelligence Unit (EIU) has said in its annual risk assessment of the US presidential candidates' foreign policy plans and positions.Â£1.2 trillion is at stake if he is elected, the EIU says.
The London Stock Exchange (LSE) has said its shareholders will vote on whether to approve its planned merger with Germany's Deutsche Boerse, which would create the world's biggest exchange group.Â£1.2bn-a-year merger will be completed by the end of the year.
Imagine walking into a steam bathhouse and being hit with a pile of oak leaves, and then being told to strip naked and take a plunge into a freezing pool of cold water to get a massage, all while wearing nothing but your swimming costume and a towel, rather than your swimsuit.
Sky has launched its first mobile phone service, which it says will "revolutionise" the UK's mobile phone market by giving customers more control over their mobile data usage and reducing the amount they pay for calls and text messages by up to £10 a month.
Australia's deputy prime minister, Barnaby Joyce, has said he will be "strongly campaigning" for same-sex marriage ahead of next month's ballot on the issue in a bid to change the country's marriage laws, despite criticism from politicians and industry figures.
Hull City goalkeeper Eldin Jakupovic produced a string of fine saves to deny Manchester United a first Premier League win of the season at Old Trafford and deny the visitors a first away victory of the campaign in the process.Skipper Oumar Niasse was sent off for the hosts.
A 28-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was hit by a Tube train, police have said, adding he is due to appear in court on Friday morning, BBC London understands.Â£50,000 bail has been granted for his arrest.
Lewis Hamilton equalled Michael Schumacher's record of 68 poles at the Belgian Grand Prix as he took pole position for the season-opening race at Spa-Francorchamps for the first time in 20 years on his return to Formula 1 after a long absence.
Julie and Shannon Smiths, the parents of six-month-old Kayden Smith, who died after a series of hospital failings, are struggling to cope with the loss of their son, who was taken to hospital last April and later died in their arms, but their lives have been turned upside down.
A Labour councillor is being investigated by the party over claims she shared "anti-Semitic propaganda" on social media, Plaid Cymru has said, after a row over plans to remove English-stream education at a school in Carmarthenshire was reignited.
Rangers missed the chance to go top of the Scottish Premiership as they were held to a draw by St Johnstone at Ibrox, who moved level on points with second-placed Aberdeen and Hearts in the title race at the top of Scotland's top two.
It's not often that you come up short in a presidential election, let alone a presidential campaign that lasts a whole lot longer than a couple of weeks, but that's exactly what happened in the 2016 race for the Republican nomination in the US presidential contest between Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, the two men who will go head-to-head in November.
A man who was shot dead by police in Bedfordshire died from a gunshot wound to the chest, a post-mortem examination has found, the police watchdog has said, as it launched an investigation into the circumstances surrounding his death.The actions of the officers involved are to be examined.
John Terry says he has "nothing sorted" in place when it comes to a future career, but has not ruled out a move to a club in the Premier League or the Championship, BBC Sport has learned from the former Chelsea captain's exit interview on Sunday.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries on his Sale debut as the newly-promoted Sale Sharks came from behind to beat Wasps and go top of the Premiership table for the first time in six months with a hard-fought win at London Stadium.
Lewis Hamilton has become only the third Briton to win 50 races in Formula 1, and only the fourth in history, with victory in Sunday's US Grand Prix in Austin, Texas, his 50th and 50th of his career, to become the most successful driver of all time.
The Sri Lankan army says it is losing hope of finding any more survivors of a series of landslides and floods that have killed at least 43 people in the past two days, as heavy monsoon rains continue to batter the island nation's north-eastern areas.
Justin Gatlin ran the second-quickest 200m of the year as he set a new personal best in the Diamond League meeting in Portland, Oregon, on Saturday night to break his own world record and boost his chances of a world title shot-putting challenge.
Israel's Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered cuts to his budget after it emerged he had customised a bed for himself on a recent flight from Israel to the UK, Israeli media say, amid anger in the country's political circles and in the UK's media.
Amnesty International has called on the Indian government to repeal a controversial law that allows security forces to shoot to kill suspected militants in Indian-administered Kashmir without a warrant.The rights group says the law has led to a "cycle of impunity" for security forces in the region.
Journalists have been given permission to tweet live updates from the High Court in Edinburgh during the sentencing of a man found guilty of murdering his former lover and burying her in a remote part of Argyll, BBC Scotland has been told by the Lord Chief Justice.
The family of a Muslim family who were stopped from boarding a US flight from London to Disneyland have demanded a personal apology from Katie Hopkins after she wrongly accused them of being extremists, the BBC has learned from the Mail Online website, which paid them Â£150,000 in damages.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has accused Lego of being an "act of censorship" after it refused to let him use its bricks to make a political statement for the first time in a museum exhibition he had planned to show in his home country of Hong Kong last year.
Miranda Hart has made her West End debut as orphanage owner Miss Hannigan in the new musical Annie, which has opened to a warm reception from a star-studded audience on its opening night in the West End for the first time in more than a decade.
Homeless people in Northampton are refusing to leave the town's streets, despite a council's plans to provide a temporary night shelter for rough sleepers, a report has said, with some saying it is a "lifestyle choice". Others say it is not a choice at all.
Mikheil Saakashvili is one of the world's longest-serving leaders, having led Georgia for more than a decade and cementing his status as a powerful figure in the world of international politics.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A charity has warned of a "growing crisis of low pay and poor conditions" in Scotland, with families becoming "trapped in poverty" as workers struggle to pay for basic living costs.MSPs have been told of the impact of austerity on employment and job quality.
West Ham's return to Upton Park ended in defeat as they were beaten 3-2 by Juventus in their final pre-season friendly before moving to a new stadium in London on Monday night, with the Hammers losing 4-2 on aggregate to go out of the Champions League.
A fire at a school for girls in northern Nigeria has killed at least 15 people, officials say, in what is believed to be the worst such tragedy in the state of Kano in the north-east of the country since the civil war ended in 2003.
Twenty-eight rowers have been named in the Great Britain squad for the 2017 World Rowing Cup in Florida, which will be the first time the British team has taken part in the event in the United States since the 1980 World Cup final in London in 1984.
Sam Warburton, Hallam Amos, Dan Lydiate and Samson Lee have all signed new national dual contracts with the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) to keep them in Wales until the end of the 2018-19 season.Â£1.5m has been spent on dual contracts for the four players.
Aston Villa have signed former England striker Carlton Cole on a two-year deal after he impressed during a trial at Villa Park on Monday night, with the option of a further 12 months in the club's favour if he is offered a permanent deal.Â£2.5m.
Theresa May's speech to the Conservative Party conference on Wednesday was the first since she became prime minister in June 2015, when she was still the leader of the party's front-runner for the 2016 general election and the first UK prime minister since the Brexit vote in June.
Bees in Cardiff make different noises to their counterparts in other parts of the UK to help scientists understand why they are more productive, researchers have said.Â£50,000 is being spent on recording the noises of the city's honey bees to help them better understand how to improve their health.
National League side Lincoln City reached the FA Cup third round for the first time in 10 years with a win over League One side Oldham at the Keepmoat Stadium, despite conceding two first-half goals to go top of the table.Â£500,000 in the National League table.
The failure of the West Coast rail franchise fiasco could cost the taxpayer more than £8.9m, a committee of MPs has said, on top of the estimated £40m it will take to reimburse staff and lawyers involved in the fiasco and two reviews into the fiasco.
The Nobel Prize in physics is awarded every year to the world's most brilliant scientists, but it is rare to find a single mention of women in the list of those who have made a significant contribution to science in the past 100 years, or even in the last 100 years.
Former world champion Jimmy Hendry was beaten 4-0 by world number one Martin Lines in the final of the World Indoor Bowls Championship.Â£10,000 prize money was awarded to the winner of Saturday's final event in Scunthorpe, Northumberland.
The debate over the future of the BBC is not just about the corporation's future in Scotland, it's also about how it's going to spend the next 10 years in the public eye, and how much money it's making from that business, as the BBC and other broadcasters are going to have to invest.
Local authorities should be given the power to raise additional funds for the NHS and care if they choose, former Lib Dem leadership contender Norman Lamb has said in a speech to the party's conference in the hope of winning support for his proposals for a cross-party commission on health and social care.
Clyde boss Darren Ferguson admits it is "easy to walk away" from the Scottish League Two title race after the Bully Wee lost to Annan Athletic on Saturday, but he is determined to keep his side's play-off hopes alive by beating Elgin City.
It is not often that I find myself on the streets of Thessaloniki in the run-up to a national election, but I did so this time last year with a clear sense of urgency, as I was reporting from Greece, that the country was on the brink of an uncertain future.
Archaeologists have unearthed parts of a Spitfire which crashed in County Monaghan 75 years ago after a ground-penetrating radar radar system was used to detect the impact crater left by the plane's final moments before it exploded in the sky over the Irish border.
A council has defended its decision to cut free school transport for parents in a rural part of north Wales, saying it was a "democratic process" and not a "one-off" decision made by a "small number" of parents with no alternative routes to the bus stop.
A memorial mass has been held in Glasgow for the victims of the earthquake in central Italy which struck the country earlier this week, the Archdiocese of Glasgow has said, with more than 1,000 people attending the service in the city on Sunday morning and 1,500 attending on Monday.
It's been a year of high drama in Australian politics, with Donald Trump's surprise victory in the US presidential election, and the prospect of him becoming the next president of the United States, and then Prime Minister of Australia, Malcolm Turnbull, who is now facing a challenge to his own leadership.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel set the pace in final practice at the Italian Grand Prix as Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg were second and third respectively in a close battle for pole position at the season-ending race in Bologna on Saturday.
A teenager has been charged in connection with an alleged scam at the T in the Park music festival in Brighton in which thousands of pounds were paid for tickets but no-one was actually given them, police have said in a press release on the anniversary of the event.
China's President Xi Jinping has arrived in Hong Kong for a visit to mark 20 years since the territory was handed back to China from British rule after a landmark handover to the government of the People's Republic of China (PRC) after decades under British rule.
A rapper in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu has staged a protest against the appointment of a woman chief minister, calling it "the straw that broke the camel's back" of democracy in the state's ruling AIADMK (All India Congress Party) party.
Eleven people have been formally arrested in connection with a landslide at a landfill site in China's southern city of Shenzhen that killed dozens of people last month, local media report, citing local officials and local media reports in the state-run Xinhua news agency.
The Scottish government could face legal action over its record on tackling air pollution, according to a new report by a leading environmental law firm which has already won a Supreme Court case.BBC Scotland Investigates: Car Sick will be broadcast on the BBC One Scotland programme later on Wednesday.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has acquitted a white police officer of the manslaughter of two black women who were shot dead by officers during a high-speed car chase in a race-related case that has sparked protests in the city and around the country.
At least 140 people have been killed in twin car bomb blasts in Syria, state media and activists say, in one of the deadliest days of the country's civil war.The death toll from the blasts has risen to more than 120, activists and state media say.
Cornish Pirates say scrapping the Championship play-offs could lead to the Championship becoming a "non-entity" following the end of the Premiership promotion/relegation play-off system, as part of a new three-year deal between the two leagues.
More than £1m has been wiped off the budgets of some Welsh councils in the last year due to a fall in the price they get paid for recycling materials, it has been claimed by the BBC Wales news website Wales Today.Â£400,000 has been lost in lost income for Flintshire.
The World Economic Forum in Davos, Switzerland, is one of the biggest conferences of its kind in the world, bringing together business leaders from around the world to discuss the challenges facing the world economy and how to improve the quality of life for millions of people living in the region.
A knife has been found at a school in Dumfries after a pupil was threatened with a knife in the playground, Police Scotland has said in a report to the children's panel.Â£1,000 has been recovered by officers.ÂÂ£2,000 in fines and costs to parents.
The revamped UK Championship gets under way in York on Thursday with 16 of the world's top 16 snooker players set to compete in the event for the first time since the end of the 2015-16 snookeri season.Â£1.5m will be at stake in the first ranking event of 2016.
Red Bull finished third in the season-opening Australian Grand Prix - the first time they have finished outside the top four in a grand prix since 2009 - but it was a disappointing weekend for the Red Bull-Renault team, who finished 11th in the final race.
Voters in the Scottish independence referendum will go to the polls on 18 September to decide on whether or not to break away from the rest of the UK and join the European Union.Â£2bn worth of investment in science and technology could be lost if the UK votes to leave the EU, according to some of the voters.
Businesses in Perth have launched a campaign to "re-energise" the city centre and "reawaken the sense of community" after years of "blighted" shopping centres and out-of-town developments in the Scottish city centre.
Hampshire's Samit Patel says he is "not sure" which team he will play in England's T20 Blast quarter-final against Sri Lanka, but is hoping for a chance to play in the tournament for the first time since the World Twenty20.
The funeral of Constable Ronan Kerr, who was killed in a dissident republican bomb attack in County Tyrone, is taking place in Omagh, County Londonderry, on Wednesday morning, it has been announced.The Irish prime minister has described the killing of the police officer as "wicked".
Frank Mulholland is to step down as Scotland's most senior law officer, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has announced.The former solicitor general has announced he is to stand down from his post next month.Â£1.5m of savings will be made by the Crown.
Firefighters have been called to a ferry accident off Shetland in the early hours of the morning after a fire broke out on board a vessel which was travelling from Aberdeen to Inverness in the Isle of Skye on Friday morning, BBC Scotland has learned.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found stabbed to death in Rotherham, South Yorkshire Police have said, in what is believed to be a "targeted attack".Â£50,000 in cash and jewellery has been seized by police.
Scottish Labour MP Stella Black has been named as one of NME magazine's Young Musicians of the Year for 2016, in its annual list of the year's best young stars.Â£10,000 prize for the best new talent is to be given to the country's best emerging stars.
A terminally ill man with motor neurone disease has appeared in court in a bid to overturn the law on assisted dying.The High Court has begun hearing a legal challenge to the right to die for the first time in more than two years.Â£1.5m is at stake in the case.
Bayern Munich suffered a shock 3-1 defeat by Porto in the first leg of their Champions League last-16 tie as they were outclassed in the second leg of the last-32 tie at the Estadio do Dragao on Wednesday.
Tottenham Hotspur have been ordered to pay £2m to the family of a 17-year-old footballer who suffered a potentially fatal heart attack after signing for the club.Â£1.5m compensation has been paid to the player's family after a 10-year legal battle.
Kathleen Knightley is to return to the stage in New York's West End in a new stage adaptation of the classic French play Therese Raquin, it has been announced.The actress is set to make her Broadway debut in the autumn of next year.
New Argentina coach Edgardo Bauza says he wants to talk to Lionel Messi about his decision to quit international football, but has not ruled out the possibility of the forward playing in his side's next two games.Â£1.5m-rated qualifiers.
A 12-year-old Canadian boy who wrote an apology note to his teacher after a page fell out of his bed and ripped in his sleep has been praised after it was found tucked into a comic book he had been reading in his bedtime reading time.
Darryl Waites says it was "painful" to come back from six weeks out with a shoulder injury to win the BDO World Championship for the second time in as many years - but he is delighted to be back in the sport at the age of 38.
Newport Gwent Dragons centre Kevin Aiton has been ruled out for the rest of the Super League season with a knee ligament injury, reports BBC Radio Solent on Tuesday night and will miss the start of the 2017 campaign with the club's pre-season tour of Australia.
A man who was shot dead by police in Hull was carrying an axe when he was killed by officers, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has said, adding it is investigating the circumstances surrounding the incident in which he was fatally shot by officers.
Birmingham City Ladies have completed the signing of German international Ellen Linden from Eintracht Frankfurt for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months' extension, subject to international clearance.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has been accused of contempt of parliament after he failed to attend a Commons select committee hearing on his company's workers' rights and the national minimum wage, the BBC has learned in a letter from an MP.Â£1m-a-year MP has threatened to take legal action against the company if he fails to attend.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has hit back at suggestions his players have been banned from drinking alcohol in the build-up to the World Cup, saying it is "completely untrue" to suggest they are like "monks" in the wake of England's controversial World Cup campaign.
Dundee ended a run of three straight Premiership away defeats with an emphatic win at Motherwell to move out of the relegation play-off places.The Fir Park side's winless run stretched to five games as they ran out comfortable 5-1 victors.
Tottenham manager Mauricio Pochettino says his side need to improve their mentality after their Champions League campaign came to an end with a shock defeat in the group stage in France on Tuesday night at the expense of a Champions League quarter-finalist side for the first time this season.
The families of the six people killed in a rollercoaster crash at Australia's Dreamworld theme park have paid tribute to them, saying they are "devastated" and "heartbroken" by the tragedy, as they come to terms with the loss of loved ones.
A drug dealer who allowed his house to be used as a "store house" to store heroin worth more than £300,000 has admitted a drug dealing offence at the High Court in Edinburgh, a court has heard.Â£100,000 worth of amphetamine and cannabis with a street value of up to £90,000 was recovered.
Swansea City are in talks with former Argentina boss Marcelo Bielsa over the vacant managerial position at the Liberty Stadium, reports BBC Radio Swansea.Â£10m is the price of a return to the Premier League for the former Athletic Bilbao and Marseille boss.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering a rival gang member in a "power struggle" in south-east London, a court has heard, after a gang member was stabbed to death in an axe-wielding street attack in a car park car park.
The last time a central bank decided to raise interest rates, it caused panic in the global financial markets and sent shockwaves around the world - and it was widely seen as a sign that the world's central bank was about to lose control of its monetary policy.
Two men who groomed a teenage girl into prostitution have been jailed for a total of more than six years for their "deplorable" actions.Â£20,000 in compensation has been paid to her by Hertfordshire police.ÂÂ£10,000 has been recovered by the victim.
Chelsea midfielder Eden Hazard will miss the start of the new Premier League season after undergoing surgery on an ankle injury suffered in a training ground fall at Stamford Bridge on Sunday.Â£40,000-a-week forward Eden Hazard has been ruled out for the rest of the season.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was found dead at a house in Hertfordshire, police have said, adding that the death is being treated as "unexplained" and "unlikely to be treated as suspicious" in the coming days.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a car has said his organs will be used to save the lives of others, after his family decided to donate them to save his life at the hospital where he was in a critical condition in the car crash.
Newport Gwent Dragons have been dealt a blow with the news that forward Tom Woodman will miss the rest of the season after breaking his neck in a pre-season friendly against Northampton Saints at Twickenham on Saturday.Â£100,000 worth of damage has been caused by the injury.
A public inquiry into plans for a £100m motor racing track in Blaenau Gwent has been opened and adjourned to consider its impact on the environment and wildlife.The final decision on whether the scheme can go ahead will be made by the planning watchdog.
Garry Thompson marked his return to Morecambe with a late winner as the Shrimps came from behind to beat Cheltenham 2-1 in the opening game of the League Two season.Â£500,000-rated manager Paul Cook's first game back at the club ended in defeat.
The number of people who commit suicide in the UK under the care of crisis teams for people with mental health problems has risen sharply in the past 20 years, according to a report by a leading mental health charity and a university research team, which suggests the crisis teams are failing at a "critical time".
Ulster came from behind to beat Connacht 3-13 to 2-13 in the Ulster SFC quarter-final at Carrick-on-Shannon on Sunday and win the Christy Ring Cup for the first time since 2008.Â£10,000 in prize money was shared between the sides.
MSPs have been asked if they can get a "decent cup of coffee" in committee meetings at Holyrood, amid claims that the quality of the coffee is getting worse over the last couple of years, the presiding officer has told MSPs.
Hospitals in Wales may have to cut back on non-urgent surgery to cope with demand over the festive period, the chief medical officer for Wales has told the BBC Wales health service.Â£1bn of funding may be needed to meet demand, he has said.
Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, is known as the capital of the world's fastest-growing economy, and it's easy to see why it is a world leader in economic growth and development, with the world-class universities, hospitals and government offices in the capital.
Two fishermen have been rescued after getting into difficulty off the coast of Lough Swilly in the Republic of Ireland, the RNLI has said in a major rescue operation off Malin, County Londonderry, after their boat broke down overnight and drifted away.
Two-time Tour de France winner Chris Froome and Nairo Quintana will be the main challengers to Alberto Contador in this month's Criterium du Dauphine, says the Spaniard, who will ride in the race for the first time.
Police in the southern Indian city of Bangalore (Madras) have arrested four people for trying to sell a rare snake called a "two-headed" boa constrictor for $1,500 (Â£1,100) on the black market.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has left the presidential palace in Brasilia after the Senate voted to impeach her for breaking the budget law, paving the way for her removal from office by the Supreme Court on Wednesday.Â£1.5bn (Â£2.2bn) in public funds will be used to fund her impeachment.
Derry City moved up to second in the League of Ireland table as Kevin Boyle's first-half goal gave them victory over Wexford at the Brandywell on Saturday night to move the Candystripes within six points of leaders Dundalk and Cork City.
A mountain rescue charity has said the drive to attract tourists to the Cairngorms contributed to a rise in callouts to its volunteers this summer.The organisation has said it will continue to work with the Welsh Government to ensure people are safe in the great outdoors.
When Paris St-Germain signed Neymar from Barcelona for £198m on Wednesday, the world's most expensive player, Neymar, became the most expensive signing in history. But how will the club balance their books with such a huge outlay of money?
The January transfer window closed at 23:00 GMT on Wednesday, but there was no shortage of new arrivals for Scottish Premiership clubs.Â£1.5m spent by Celtic, £1.3m by Hearts and £1m by Dundee United.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's largest file-sharing sites, has been hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack, according to the site itself, which has blocked access to the website in the UK and the US for a second day running.
A British inventor has won a £2,220 UK engineering prize for developing a prosthetic hand that can be fitted to an amputee's hand at a fraction of the price of the most high-end models on the market, at a time when most prosthetic limbs are costing thousands of pounds.
Francois Fillon, France's centre-right presidential candidate, has won back the support of his party, after a rally in Paris on Sunday night, but is he still in danger of losing the election to the far-right candidate, Marine Le Pen, and is he the new face of populism?
Plans to move emergency and critical care services from Telford to Shrewsbury have been recommended for public consultation by health bosses.The NHS in Shropshire has been criticised as a "total farce" by a council leader and described as "a total farce".
Scott Brown has been a "big part" of the development of young players under Gordon Strachan, according to the Scotland coach who is set to hand the captain his 50th international cap for the national team for the first time in his career on Friday.
The government has formally signed the contract for the £18bn Hinkley Point nuclear power plant, which will be the first in the UK to be built since the Chernobyl disaster in 2011.The deal to build the plant has been signed by the French energy firm EDF and Chinese state-owned CGN.
The number of calls to a helpline set up to help servicemen and women with mental health issues has risen by more than 50% in a year, the charity that runs it has said, but it is "not a cause for concern" for the service.
A former Met Police detective has been jailed for four years for possessing and distributing child sex abuse images of a 15-year-old girl and videos of a girl as young as nine.Â£10,000 worth of indecent images of children has been ordered to be destroyed.
Should we be surprised by Hilary Benn's vote of no confidence in the shadow foreign secretary, or should we be, as he put it, "shocked" by his decision to back the government's intervention in Syria, and that of his fellow Labour MPs who did not?
World number one Mark Selby will face Ding Junhui in the World Championship semi-finals after holding off a spirited fightback from Marco Fu to earn a 6-4 win over the world number two. Click here for live coverage of the match at the Crucible Theatre.
Scotland striker Gemma Evans admits reaching the Women's Euro 2017 finals would be "more heartbreak than humiliation" for the national team."It would be the biggest shock of her life" if they were to miss out on a third major finals, says the striker.
The family of a teacher who was stabbed to death by a pupil at her school have called for an independent statutory review into her death to be carried out by the Department for Education and the Children's Commissioner for England (CPCA) to review the case.
Arsene Wenger says it would be a "huge disappointment" if Arsenal's British players did not want to play for the club when he leaves at the end of the season, but has urged them to "take responsibility" for the team's style of play.
The Nepalese government has announced plans to limit the number of people who can climb Mount Everest, the world's highest mountain, and to stop them from doing so if they are blind or have lost their arms or legs due to frostbite or frostbite.
The family of a man who died in a crash on the M1 in which two other people were killed have called for a change in the law to make it easier for older drivers to renew their driving licences in the UK to stay on the road for as long as possible.
A former US college athlete who sexually assaulted an unconscious female student has been released from jail after serving half of a two-year sentence for sexual assault, a judge has said, in a case that sparked a national debate over campus sexual assault in the US state of California.
A £270m plan to protect a coastal railway line from coastal erosion has been revealed by Network Rail.Â£100m is to be spent on protecting the line from future storms, the BBC has learned.ÂÂ£1.5m of funding has been allocated for the project.
The Guggenheim Museum of Modern Art in New York has unveiled what it calls the world's most expensive public toilet, complete with a built-in video camera and an interactive interactive sculpture that allows visitors to use it as a toilet, in a bid to highlight inequality.
A celebration of the life and work of one of Scotland's most celebrated artists is being held at the Scottish National Maritime Museum of Modern Art (SMO) in Inverness this weekend to mark the centenary of his birth in the United States in 1916.
The rollout of fibre broadband services in rural areas of Scotland has raised questions about how much money is being spent on improving the service, particularly in areas where it is not commercially viable to do so.Â£126m of public money has been spent by BT on improving broadband services, according to the company.
Education Minister Huw Lewis Davies Lewis has defended scrapping a target for Wales to be in the top 20 of international education rankings by 2021, saying it is a "better target" than the one he had previously set for the Welsh schools to achieve by 2020.
TalkTalk has confirmed that three of its employees have been arrested in India on suspicion of breaching the terms of a contract with a call centre company.The company has said it is "reviewing its relationship" with Wipro, one of the firms it contracts with.
Two police officers have been shot dead in the US state of Iowa, one of them fatally, by a man suspected of waving a Confederate flag in a high school sports event, police say, and the other is in critical condition in hospital in a critical condition.
The number of student teacher places in Scotland is to be increased by £50m next year, the Scottish government has announced as part of a drive to encourage more people to take up the profession in the country to become a teacher or join the ranks of science, technology and engineering teachers.
Paul Lawrie says his fellow European vice-captain Martin Kaymer's recent form bodes well for the team ahead of the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine in October, despite the United States' strong start to the defence of their title.Â£1.5m (£1.1m) win at the Tour Championship was a "huge boost" for Europe, says Lawrie.
Jeremy Corbyn's bid to become Labour's next leader has won the backing of the UK's biggest trade union, Unison, which says it will back the left-winger in the party's leadership contest next month.The BBC has learned nine of the union's 12 regions have nominated him.
England's Luke Donald is three shots off the lead after two rounds of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Ohio after carding a second-round 65 to share the lead with American Matt Kuchar and American Brandt Snedeker on two under par on day three.
Jamie Heaslip has been named in the Ireland team to face Wales in Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham after recovering from a serious back injury suffered in the win over England.Johnny Sexton has been included in the starting XV for the first time this season.
Manchester City Council's chief executive and two senior officers have been suspended over allegations of "failings to act appropriately" in a safeguarding case, the authority has said in a statement to the BBC.Â£100,000 of public money has been spent by the authority on an investigation into the suspension.
Netflix is expanding its video streaming service beyond the US, with the launch of its first service in South Korea, Russia, Iran, North Korea and the Middle East the most notable exceptions to its expansion plans so far this year.The company has announced that it is now available in every country where the US military is deployed.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes has left the club by mutual consent after two-and-a-half years in charge of the Scottish Premiership club, BBC Scotland has learned.Â£500,000 of savings have been made by the club.
So far, so good: there has been no anti-austerity protest in Greece, even though the country is about to sign a new bailout deal with the eurozone and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), and there is no sign that the country's people are ready to go on strike.
Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams will not face any charges over the murder of Jean McConville, the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has said, because there is insufficient evidence to prosecute any of those involved in her abduction, abduction and murder.
Playing golf can help golfers live longer than non-golfers, according to a study published in the British Journal of Sports Medicine and Public Health on Wednesday.The sport is good for the body, mind and self-esteem, it has been claimed.
Catalans Dragons have re-signed Australia international forward Kevin Mason on a one-year deal after he was ruled out for the rest of the season with a broken leg.Â£500,000-rated French side Stade Gilbert Brutus have signed him on a two-year contract.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with shares in fashion house Burberry leading the way, but mining shares fell after broker downgrades hit mining companies.The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after the UK's trade deficit widened in February.
Muslim Match, a dating website for singles and widows looking for a husband, has been hit by a huge data breach, revealing the personal details of more than 100,000 members, according to security researchers who discovered the site's Facebook page and Twitter account.
The Venezuelan vice-president has hit back after the US imposed sanctions on him over allegations he was involved in a major international drug trafficking operation, saying he will "never be able to defeat" the US sanctions, which he described as "unbreakable" and "unacceptable".
A man has been stabbed in the neck in a street attack in Belfast city centre, police have said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) investigating a serious assault on an 18-year-old man in the early hours of the morning.
An award-winning novel set in the 1980s has been published more than 30 years after it was first published - and it has been described as a "must-read" by the National Crime Agency (NCA) as it is published in the US for the first time.
Tanzania's President Jakaya Kikwete has sacked a government minister for taking $1m (Â£700,000; $1.2m) in donations from foreign donors and depositing it in her personal bank account, he has said.
Theresa May had come to the Conservative Party conference with a mission, a mission to make amends for all the wrongs she had caused, and a mission that had been in the works for months, and one that she had finally managed to pull off at the last minute.
US investment bank JP Morgan Chase is close to agreeing to pay a $13bn (£9.5bn) fine for its role in the 2008 financial crisis, according to US media reports, which would be the biggest ever settlement by a major US financial institution.
Welsh cyclist Becky James has suffered "a few setbacks" in her recovery from a knee injury but remains "totally confident" she will be fit for the Rio Olympics, says Team GB coach Shane Sutton has revealed to BBC Wales Sport's Laura Kuenssberg.
South Korea's SK Telecom (SKT) team has won the 2016 League of Legends (LoL) World Championship, beating Samsung Galaxy's Galaxy Note 7 team in the final in Los Angeles on Sunday night to take home the trophy for the first time in the game's history.
Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored the only goal of the game as Sheffield United beat 10-man Bury to keep their League One play-off hopes alive and boost their own promotion hopes with a win at Bramall Lane, despite playing most of the match with 10 men.
A British soldier who had a close brush with death while serving in Afghanistan was being treated for post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) when he was shot in the head by a fellow soldier, the BBC has learned from a doctor who spoke to him after the attack.
All pictures are copyrighted and no-one should be allowed to use them in any way without the permission of BBC Scotland or the BBC News website, which is available on our website, Facebook or Instagram (see www.bbcscotlandpics.co.uk).
Belgium has charged a man with terrorism offences in connection with last month's attacks in Paris, prosecutors say, as the highest security alert remains in place in the capital, Brussels, for a third day in a row, and the highest level of alert remains at level four.
Great Britain's Dan Guy and Chloe Tutton won bronze medals at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games as the men's and women's 200m and 400m freestyle events were both won by British swimmers on day two of the swimming events in the Olympic pool.
Scottish Crofting Minister Kirsty McLeod is to hold further consultation on a scheme aimed at helping young crofters get on to the housing ladder, it has been announced by the Scottish government's rural development secretary, Lesley McLeod, during a visit to the Highlands.
Salford Red Devils owner Marwan Koukash has said he has not made up his mind about his future at the club, but is working hard to make sure it is financially viable next season despite the club being in financial difficulty at the bottom of the Super League table.
The pound has fallen by more than 1% against the dollar after the UK's inflation rate fell to its lowest rate in more than two years, sending the value of the pound down to below $1.30.00 for the first time this year.Â£1.31 is now the pound's lowest level since April.
A collision between Earth and another planet could provide clues to the origin of carbon in the Earth's mantle, a study suggests, after years of speculation about how it came to exist in the first Earth to be a rocky planet in the Solar System and where it came from.
Asian shares were mixed on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of the release of US jobs figures later in the week, but shares in Japan rose on reports of a possible takeover of Sharp by Taiwan's Foxconn.Â£1.6bn (£1.1bn) deal for the struggling electronics firm is expected to go ahead.
The FBI has agreed to help police access data on a phone belonging to one of the San Bernardino attackers, just a day after Apple refused to do so for a similar request from the company's San Bernardino rival, the San Diego Sheriff's Office (SBCO).
Ayr United have unveiled their new badge after a competition to design a new design for the club's crest was won by a Peruvian artist and graphic designer in his native city of Cuzco, Peruvian capital, Lima, in the Peruvian city of Lima.
The driver of a lorry which crashed into a church in Cardiff has been taken to hospital after falling ill at the wheel, police have said, adding he is being treated for a "serious medical condition".Â£20,000 worth of drugs have been seized by police.
A West Yorkshire teenager has been killed in a suicide attack in Iraq, according to reports from the Islamic State (Isis) militant group, police have confirmed to the BBC.The family of a teenager from Dewsbury have said they are "heartbroken" by his death.
Belfast Giants have announced that seven players will remain with the Elite League club for the 2017-18 Elite League season after agreeing new deals with the Belfast Giants and Elite Ice Hockey League club, all of whom have a year left on their contracts with them.
A nine-year-old boy who died after being found unconscious in his bedroom had told a fellow pupil he was "going to skive for a very long time" at school, an inquest has been told, a court has heard.Â£1,000 of his mother's savings were found in his room.
A Belfast man accused of encouraging support for the IRA has been given a one-week extension to his bail so he can travel to the Republic of Ireland for a week to appear at his trial later this year, a court has been told on his behalf, to report back to police.
A new £2.5m centre to tackle the growing problem of chronic wounds in the Welsh NHS has been set up in Rhondda Cynon Taff, with the aim of saving £2m over the next five years, it has been announced.
When Donald Trump took to Twitter on Wednesday to condemn the Syrian government's use of chemical weapons, he did not mince his words, as he often has in the past, about America's "obsolete" relationship with the country's foreign policy strategy and the US role in the world.
Phil Foderingham says he is "disappointed" by the racist abuse directed at Rangers' Scott Sinclair by a fan at Ibrox on New Year's Day and hopes the player will be "all right" to return to the club next week.
A doctor was called to Prince's Paisley Park City, Minnesota, home the day before he was found dead in a car with a gunshot wound to the head, according to a lawyer for the singer's publicist, who contacted his son to tell him his father was missing.
Eleven of Edinburgh's 12 historic closes have been chosen to be restored as part of a £1m project to revitalise the city's historic Old Town area and bring it back into the 21st-Century character of its narrow streets and courtyards.
Belgium has begun enforcing a law banning the wearing of full-face Islamic veils such as the niqab and the burka in public places, despite a legal challenge from some Muslim women who say it discriminates against them and should be suspended, reports say.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a woman was killed when she was hit by a car in West Yorkshire on Boxing Day, prompting a police appeal for help to catch the driver who was driving the car at the time of the crash.
Former Ireland and British & Irish Lions captain Paul O'Connell has returned to Munster as a consultant to help develop the province's young players in the coming years following his retirement from professional rugby in February.Â£500,000 is to be invested in the development of Munster's academy.
Former Lib Dem MP Bob Marshall-Andrews has said he is leaving the Labour Party to join the Liberal Democrats to stand against Jeremy Corbyn and his shadow chancellor, Ed Miliband, in the upcoming general election in June.Â£1m-worth of donations to the party have been confirmed by the party.
The number of hectares of coca crops being grown in Colombia has risen by more than 50% in the past year, according to a UN report released on Monday.Â£1.5bn worth of cocaine is being produced in the country each year, up from $1.3bn in 2015.
It is not often that you see a 19-year-old Scottish winger on the pitch in the shape of Gareth Bale, but that is exactly what Oliver Burke is proving to be right now as he prepares to make his Bundesliga debut for RB Leipzig this weekend.
Exeter Chiefs scrum-half Matt Chudley will miss the rest of the Premiership season after suffering a serious chest injury in Sunday's win over Northampton Saints at Twickenham on Sunday night, reports BBC Radio Devon and BBC Radio South Gloucestershire on Monday.
Olympic taekwondo champion Aliou Cisse says he has gone from "nothing" to "a star" after winning gold at Rio 2016 and has become a national symbol in his adopted home country of Ivory Coast, where he is now a household name.
Talks are to be held with Southern rail bosses on Friday in a bid to resolve the ongoing dispute over the role of guards on some of the company's trains, the RMT union has said.The RMT has said it will attend talks with the rail firm.
At least six people have been killed and several others injured in an explosion at a fish processing plant in northern Portugal, officials say, as search teams continue to look for the missing bodies of at least eight people.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m; $2.2m) has been recovered so far.
Cristian Rodriguez is one of the few people in Uruguay who grows cannabis at his home in the capital, Montevideo, where he has been growing it for the past five years without fear of being caught by the police, says the 49-year-old father-of-three.
A hat worn by Princess Charlotte of Wales has been sold for £1,000 at auction after it was described as "the funniest thing I've ever had to wear" on social media and raised more than £20,000 for two children's charities.
Up to 27 North Sea oil fields have been shut down after an oil leak was discovered at one of the UK's most important installations in the Gulf of Mexico, it has been confirmed to the BBC.The rest of the Brent pipeline system can no longer operate because of the leak.
Three British tourists have appeared in court in Abu Dhabi accused of spying on planes from a remote part of the United Arab Emirates and using a telescope to take pictures of the skies above the country.Â£10,000 bail has been set aside for them to appear in court.
Norwegian striker Bjorn Johnsen has left Hearts to join Dutch side ADO Den Haag on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, subject to international clearance.Â£1.5m has been paid to the Dutch club.
Two young people aged 21 and 23 have joined a Monmouthshire monastery inspired by the Benedictine Rule of Life in the spirit of St Benedict, a vicar has said, saying it is a "great honour" to be part of a new order in south Wales.
Louis van Gaal's first season as Manchester United manager is almost over and he will have learned a lot about English football over the last few months, but there are still things he needs to improve on if he is going to win the Premier League title this time around.
Britain's defence review is due to be published later this week - but what's the government's assessment of the threat posed to the UK's armed forces by the world at large and the threat to the nation's national security from Russia and other potential threats, and how will it compare to the last one?
Wales' men's hockey team have been relegated to the third tier of the EuroHockey Championship after losing to Scotland in the final of the B Division tournament in Glasgow.The men's team finished third in their first ever European Championship in B Division A.
The family of a 70-year-old man who died after being hit by a car in the early hours of the morning have paid tribute to their "amazing son, brother, father, uncle and uncle". They said he was "always there for everyone".
Exeter Chiefs head coach Rob Baxter has praised the "top-class" running game of centre Ben Woodburn, who was named the Premiership's player of the month for November for his performance in Saturday's win over Northampton Saints at Twickenham on Saturday.
Barcelona will face Pep Guardiola's Manchester City side in the Champions League group stage for the third time in four seasons, while holders Real Madrid have been drawn against holders Atletico Madrid, Bayern Munich and Sporting Lisbon in the first round of the group stage's 32-team draw.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has thanked the nation for accepting his surprise decision to ban high-denomination banknotes, saying it had to be done "so quickly" and "in the name of national interest" - but warned that "honest people will not face any problem" in the process.
Images courtesy of AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images, Reuters, EPA and PA Images courtesy of AFP, AP, EPA/AP, EPA & Getty Images for EPA, AP and Getty Images (All photographs are copyrighted. Click here to view the full set of images.
England's Danny Willett leads the Dubai Desert Classic by one shot after carding a six-under-par 65 to take a two-shot lead into the final round of the season-ending Tour Championship in Dubai on Thursday.Rory McIlroy is three shots off the lead after a second successive round of 66.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has given her backing to Owen Smith in the party's leadership contest, saying he is the only candidate who can "unite" the party and "move us on" from the divisions caused by Jeremy Corbyn's leadership.
A council has suspended its litter wardens from the streets after a BBC Panorama investigation revealed they had been wrongly fined for tipping coffee down a drain and putting their recycling out on the wrong day of the week, it has been revealed in the wake of the "Littergate" scandal.
The pound hit a one-month high against the dollar after a closely-watched survey indicated strong growth in the UK's services sector in May.(Close): The FTSE 100 fell, but shares in banks were among the biggest fallers after a survey indicated a sharp slowdown in the sector.
More than 100 people have been injured in two nights of rioting in London, the Met Police has said.More than 1,000 officers have been deployed to deal with disorder in the capital, which has spread from Tottenham to other parts of the city over the past 24 hours.
The number of cancer cases in Wales has increased by more than 20% in the past decade, according to figures released by Public Health Wales.There has also been a rise in the number of women diagnosed with the disease, it has been revealed, with a year-on-year increase of about 5%.
England's opening Euro 2016 Group B game against Russia in Marseille on Saturday will be a huge test for Roy Hodgson and his players because of the format of the tournament and the fact that it is a three-legged play-off for a place in the last 16.
The public interest in revealing details of undercover police operations in England and Wales will not be compromised by a blanket ban on anonymity, says a preliminary ruling by the independent inquiry into the police's use of undercover policing.Â£1bn of taxpayers' money will be used to fund its work, says the High Court.
Keighley Cougars have complained to the Rugby Football League after one of their players was bitten on the jaw during their Challenge Cup win over Fryston Warriors on Saturday.The match will be reviewed by an independent panel after footage of the incident was posted on social media.
Shirley Temple, the US actress who became known as "America's little darling" as a child star, has died at the age of 88.She was the youngest person to receive an Academy Award and the first US ambassador to Czechoslovakia, it has been announced.
League One side MK Dons have signed midfielder Yannick Abdou from Millwall for an undisclosed fee on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the club if he is released by the end of the season.
A Porto-based football player has been banned for four years and three months for attacking a referee in an amateur league match in the city of Gonclaves in northern Portugal, local media report, citing a regional league official and local officials in Porto.
Sir Andrew Lloyd Webber says the Albert Hall in London is his "most preferred concert hall in the world" as he prepares to conduct the BBC Proms for the first time in more than 40 years on Friday.Â£1.5m is expected to be spent this year to mark his 70th birthday, BBC Music reports.
A woman whose body was found in a wheelie bin at a block of flats has been named locally as Joanna Winning, police have said, who was also found dead with a man in the same building.A man has been arrested on suspicion of her murder.
A police force has been criticised by the police watchdog for failing to properly record child sex abuse allegations in Rotherham, leaving victims "at risk of further offending", the watchdog has said in its latest report on child sexual exploitation in England and Wales and the handling of the issue.
Southend United manager Phil Brown says he will appeal against the red card shown to one of his side's players in Saturday's 2-1 League One defeat at Gillingham, calling the refereeing of the game "unbelievable" and "unfair".
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has praised a Borders primary school for its work to close the attainment gap between pupils from the most and least deprived areas of the country, as part of a drive to boost school attainment in deprived areas in the north east of Scotland and across the country.
At least 102 people have been killed in a stampede of Hindu pilgrims in the southern Indian state of Kerala, local police say, in what is thought to be the worst stampede to hit the state in recent years, local media reports say, local officials say.
Cameroon international defender Emmanuel Assou-Ekotto has signed for French Ligue 1 side St Etienne on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is offered a new deal.Â£1.5m is the fee.
Sudan's President Omar al-Bashir has announced a cabinet reshuffle, replacing most of the ministers who were in place when he took office last week, including the defence minister Abdel Rahim Hussein, who has been removed from the defence post and replaced by Abdelrahim Hussein.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has said he will pay back some of the money spent on upgrades to his state-of-the-art Nkandla home, but the opposition says they will press ahead with a court case against him over the issue.
The body of a man who died in the collapse of the former Swansea Power Station has been removed from the site where the collapse took place and flown back to the UK to be buried with full honours, it has been confirmed by the Welsh government and Swansea council.
A Denbighshire chemistry teacher who sent "creepy" messages to three teenage girls and bought them gifts has been sacked from his job for "unacceptable professional conduct" by the education watchdog after a misconduct hearing in Cardiff.Â£1,000 in compensation has been paid to one of them.
A female swan has laid an egg at the Loch of the Lowes nature reserve in Perthshire and is on track to hatch a hat-trick of chicks, according to the Scottish Wildlife Trust.Â£10,000 worth of bird seed has been delivered to the bird's nest.
A man has escaped injury in a house fire in Cookstown, County Tyrone, after a tyre was set on fire and a petrol bomb was thrown through the front door of the property.Police are treating the blaze as arson.Â£10,000 worth of petrol was used in the attack.
A care home run by Cornwall Care Quality Commission (CQC) has been rated as "inadequate" in a series of reports into five others run by the same company, it has been claimed in a report to the Care Commission (CCC) and the BBC.
President Donald Trump has made a series of campaign promises since becoming the 45th president of the United States in January, and many of them have proved to be well-received by his supporters and critics alike - but they have also proved a challenge to his opponents.
Police searching for a firearm used in the murder of a businessman in Dorset are searching a stretch of a river in a bid to find the weapon used to shoot him dead, it has emerged in a reward for information to help catch the culprits who carried out the attack.
A man has been stabbed to death outside a pub in north-west London in the early hours of the morning, prompting a murder inquiry by the Met Police and the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into the death of a 33-year-old man.
Newport Gwent Dragons have been taken over by a US-based investment group for an undisclosed fee, the Championship club have announced after avoiding liquidation on the eve of their second season in the top flight of English rugby union's second tier, the BBC has learned.
A former care worker has been charged with a string of sex offences against children at a school for children with learning difficulties in East Sussex in the 1990s and early 2000s, police have said in a press release from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
Head teachers are to be given free seminars to help them understand how social media can be used to groom young people into extremist ideologies, in the wake of the London schoolgirls' case and other recent terror attacks in the UK and the Middle East, says a teachers' union.
Theresa May has said North Korea's recent missile launch was "outrageous" and the UK will work with other international partners to stop it from carrying out "illegal activities" like it did with its latest test of a long-range missile.Â£500m investment by Aston Martin is a sign of the strength of the UK's relationship with Japan, she has said.
British actress Karen Gillan has been cast as a villainous space pirate in the new Marvel superhero film, Guardians of the Galaxy, which opens in cinemas later this month, it has been announced.Â£1m-a-year film is the latest in a series of roles for the 24-year-old.
Manchester United are expected to spend £100m on new players in the January transfer window following their Europa League win over Ajax in Stockholm.Â£100m is on the agenda as they prepare for their return to the Champions League in the summer, BBC Sport has learned.
A medieval bridge which was buried for more than 100 years has reopened to the public after being uncovered as part of a Â£5m redevelopment project to mark the town's 400th anniversary.Â£1m has been spent uncovering a section of the bridge.
The UK has recorded its highest temperature of 36.7C (98F) - the hottest day of the year so far - as a heatwave continues across much of the country.People have been urged to stay indoors and drink plenty of water as temperatures rise above 40C (104F).
The plane crash which killed all 150 people on board the Germanwings flight from Amsterdam to Duesseldorf was the result of a murder-suicide, but what exactly happened to the pilot, Andreas Lubitz, and what drove him to kill himself and the passengers on board?
John Andrew scored a late try as Ulster came from behind to beat Newport Gwent Dragons in their final Pro12 game at Rodney Parade before the region's proposed takeover by the Welsh Rugby Union.Â£1.5m move to the Welsh region was confirmed.
Scientists believe they have found a new clue to the asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs in the Chicxulub Crater in the Gulf of Mexico, and it could hold the key to the origin of the mass extinction event that led to the end of life on Earth.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said the UK gets a "rotten deal" from the European Union and Welsh businesses are under threat because of it, as he launched his campaign for a referendum on UK membership of the union on the EU to be held in 2017.
Teenager Aneurin Donald and wicketkeeper-batsman Dai Lloyd both hit maiden first-class centuries for Glamorgan as the Welsh county beat Sussex by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at the Ageas Bowl in Cardiff.Â£10,000 prize money was awarded to Donald and Lloyd for their efforts.
Police investigating the death of a man who was last seen alive in a New York subway have said they want to trace two people who may have seen him in the hours before he was found dead in the city centre in the early hours of the morning on Wednesday.
Have you ever wondered what it's like to have six brothers and sisters who all play the same instrument at the same time in the same house, all the while singing the same song at different times of the day, all while singing and dancing the same way?
Tove Anna LinnÃ©©a Ã©stman Styrke has been working on a new album for the past three years, but it's only now that she's ready to release the first single from her third studio album, Kiddo, that it's finally feeling like it's time.
An under-performing school in Oxfordshire could be closed after inspectors found pupils were not being taught well enough, the county council has said, amid fears it could be forced to make changes to its curriculum.Â£1.5m of funding is set to be withdrawn.
The UK's three intelligence agencies are increasing the number of women in their workforce as part of a drive to recruit more female staff, the government has said in a new recruitment drive document to mark International Women's Day on Thursday, which is also International Mumsnet Day on Monday.
A piece of coal has been presented to the last deep coal mine in South Yorkshire to mark the end of deep coal mining in the county after the closure of the area's only deep mine last year, it has been announced on the BBC's Today programme on Monday.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Reading midfielder Josh Jules Jules on a season-long loan deal, with the option of a permanent deal.Â£1.5m is on offer for the 20-year-old after his contract expires at the end of the season.
The European Commission has blocked the proposed merger of O2 and Three, which would have created the UK's biggest mobile phone network operator, in a ruling that will have implications for the future of the industry in the UK and the country as a whole, writes Rory Coughlan.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Yousra el-bagir looks at how poetry in Sudan is emerging from the shadow of censorship in the country's capital, Khartoum, and how young Sudanese poets are using their voices to fight back against the authorities' attempts to marginalise them.
League One strugglers Oldham boosted their survival hopes with victory over Peterborough at Boundary Park to move to within a point of the play-off places with one game of the season to go, despite being held to a goalless draw by the League One side.
Brazilian police have arrested former President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva on suspicion of obstructing the investigation into a huge corruption scandal at the state oil company Petrobras, local media report, as he was taken to a police station for questioning on 4 March.
Solar storms are violent disturbances in the Earth's magnetic fields caused by the Sun's magnetic activity, which can cause powerful eruptions of high-energy particles into the atmosphere and into space, scientists say.Â© Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Leicester Tigers second-row Geoff Parling and Bath back-rower Olly Woodburn have signed new two-year deals with the Premiership club until the end of the 2016-17 season, with an option for a further 12 months if the deal is extended.
(Close): The FTSE 100 closed lower, dragged down by mining and construction shares, with mining stocks leading the way lower after a sharp fall in mining shares.(Close:) The London market closed down 0.5%, with mining shares leading the fall.
A charity auction for a lunch date with Apple chief executive Tim Cook has raised just over $1.5m (Â£1.1m) for a US civil rights charity, according to data from CharityBuzz, a website popular with tech-savvy individuals.
Adama Traore has been left out of Guinea's squad for the World Cup qualifier against tiny Swaziland in Guinea-Bissau next month after announcing his international retirement from international football earlier this month to concentrate on his club career in Germany and South Africa.
Cape Verde and Zambia played out a goalless draw in a rain-affected Africa Cup of Nations qualifier in the south of the Cape Verde Islands which saw neither side qualify for the quarter-finals of the tournament.The match ended in a stalemate after poor conditions.
Volunteers are being sought to help restore an Iron Age village in Pembrokeshire which has been closed to the public for more than 100 years because of a health and safety risk to the site and its visitors since the 1970s, it has been revealed.
Benefit office staff could be trained to prevent people jumping to their deaths in a bid to cut the number of suicides in England, the government has said.The Samaritans has called for more local authorities to do more to tackle the problem of people feeling "suicidal on impulse".
Williams test driver Susie Wolff is to be given a bigger role at the team next year, the Formula 1 world champions have announced in a press release from the Williams team and BBC Sport."I'm really happy to carry on and get more time in the car," says Wolff.
Wycombe Wanderers have re-signed Bristol Rovers striker George Lucas on loan until the end of the season.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player's contract by the Championship club.Â© BBC Radio Solent/Bristol Rovers
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have visited a memorial garden created in memory of their mother, the late Princess of Wales, to mark the 20th anniversary of her death on the same day it was officially opened to the public for the first time in May.Â£1m flowers have been planted in her honour.
Barcelona has suffered its worst terror attack since the Madrid train bombings of 2004, in which 191 people were killed and more than 1,800 injured, when a van ploughed into a pedestrian area of the city's Las Ramblas district, killing 13 people.
Work to revamp a roundabout on the A55 in Wrexham has been delayed for a second time, causing "chaos" for motorists, it has been claimed by one of the region's MPs.Highways bosses have said they are "working around the clock" to complete the project.
Phil Taylor reached the quarter-finals of the PDC World Championship with victory over Kim Huybrechts to set up a last-eight meeting with Raymond van Barneveld at Alexandra Palace on Friday night in a repeat of last year's final.
More than 100,000 people in the UK are being asked to take part in a project to sequence their own DNA and share it with the world for the first time, it has been announced by the UK's Department for Health and Social Care.Â£2.5m is being spent on the project.
Gillingham have re-signed Steven Crofts on loan from Brighton until the end of the season in a bid to boost his chances of playing for Wales at the Euro 2016 finals in France in the summer of 2016, reports BBC Radio Kent's Mark Crofts.
Ben Stokes and James Taylor hit centuries as England enjoyed a fine opening day against South Africa on day one of their tour match against the touring South Africa Lions at Edgbaston on Sunday..... in their final warm-up match before the first Test against the world champions.
An RAF helicopter has crashed into the side of Snowdonia during a training exercise, the Ministry of Defence has said.A man has died in hospital after being airlifted to hospital following the incident.Â£50,000 worth of equipment has been recovered from the scene.
Scotland's finance secretary John Swinney has told MSPs that local authorities will see their budgets cut by less than 1% of the £16bn Scottish government funding package for 2016/17, despite warnings of a 2% fall in their income from the Scottish government.
Thousands of sheep have been sold at an auction in the Highlands for the first time in more than 30 years.Â£1.5m has been raised so far for the Scottish government and the Royal Society for the Protection of Scotland (RSPB) and the Scottish Farmers' Association (SFA).
On Monday morning, more than 1,000 people gathered outside the International Space Station to watch the US space shuttle make its final approach to lift off from Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Station (Nasa) for the final time before it heads back to Earth.
Two men have been arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prominent Pakistani politician who was murdered in London five years ago, Pakistani officials say in a statement to the BBC in Pakistan's Inter-Provincial Coordination Centre (IPCC) in Peshawar.
A heritage group has called for an investigation after families from Sheffield were prevented from visiting a war memorial in France.The UK government is being asked to investigate a row over ownership of land near a Sheffield memorial in the south-west of England, the BBC has learned.
Boris Johnson's surprise announcement that he will campaign for Britain to leave the European Union has been widely reported in European media, with commentators in France, Germany, Italy and the US hailing it as a blow to David Cameron and a potential threat to the prime minister's leadership.
Ulster moved level on points with Ospreys at the top of the Pro12 table with a bonus-point win over Treviso at Kingspan Stadium on Saturday.Â£1.5m will be spent on a new training ground in Belfast as they return from their summer break.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests - one of whom will be a guest for each round of fixtures this season. The final 16 fixtures of the campaign will be shown live on BBC One Sport.
A job seeker was described as a "home educated oddball" and a "left-wing loon" in an "awful" job application summary by an environmental firm, it has been claimed by the woman who applied for the job she was invited to.
Jim Broadbent's return to the stage as Ebenezer Scrooge in A Christmas Carol has been praised by critics, with one calling him "wonderfully charismatic" and another saying he has brought the character "a bit of the clown in him".
Women are increasingly turning to smartphone apps to track their periods - but experts are warning against using them as a form of contraception, or as an excuse to avoid unwanted pregnancy or give birth to their own grandchild - and some are doing so in the wrong way round.
The sister and brother of Oscar Pistorius have said they feel "heartache" ahead of the athlete's sentencing for killing his girlfriend, saying the media has been "unfair" and "polarising" the case.Â£10,000-worth of negative media coverage has left them "hurt", they have said.
Salford Red Devils have released half-back Chris Chase, prop Ben Hansen and forward James Paterson, while forward Josh Fages is set to leave the club.Â£1.5m is to be spent on new signings, reports BBC Radio Salford.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says it will be "very difficult" for his side to qualify for next season's Champions League after their Europa League exit from the Premier League."There are so many good teams in the Europa League, it will not be easy," he says.
Dame Judi Dench is to donate Â£10,000 to the Surrey Wildlife Trust to help save a woodland in Surrey from the threat of overgrown trees and a derelict building site where a children's education centre has been inoperable for decades.
The new design of the new £1 coin has been revealed by the Royal Mint and it features a portrait of the Queen, to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday on 20 April 2017 - and it's a pretty striking one! Click here to see it in full.
Labour has accused David Cameron's coalition government of making it harder for patients to see GPs in England, saying some patients are waiting up to five hours to see a GP appointment in some parts of the country for the first time in five years, in a fresh attack on the party.
American Patrick Reed will play for the United States in the Ryder Cup at Gleneagles after finishing four shots clear at the Tour Championship in New York."I want sweet revenge" on Europe at the event, said the world number one.Â£1.5m winner at the end of the season.
Five men who blew up a cash machine outside a McDonald's restaurant in Carnoustie last year were stopped by police because they had a history of violence, a report has found, after a firearms response was "necessary and proportionate" to the threat they posed to public safety.
The number of motorcyclists killed on London's roads has risen by 36% in the past year, according to Transport for London (TfL) figures released to a committee of AMs and peers in the capital's transport committee (Commons).Â€€™
Manchester United midfielder Jordan McNair has been named in the Northern Ireland Under-21s team for this year's Milk Cup tournament in the United States, which takes place in San Diego in the summer of 2014-15, it has been announced on Monday.Â£50,000 prize money will be awarded to the winner and runner-up.
A hospital's accident and emergency department has been criticised for long waits for ambulances to get patients to and from the A&E unit because of "unprecedented" waiting times for emergency care last year.The health board has said it is working to reduce the pressure on the service.
Chelsea defender Kenneth Omeruo has joined Turkish side Kasimpasa on a season-long loan deal, with the option to buy the defender at the end of the season."I am completely focused on breaking into the squad and proving myself here," says the Nigeria international.
A 26-year-old man accused of carrying out a deadly shooting at a Florida airport has appeared in court for the first time, where he was shackled at the wrists, stomach and legs and told a judge that he understood the charges against him and that he may face the death penalty.
A man accused of plotting to rape a baby has told the Old Bailey he did not believe the intended victim existed when he discussed the plan with a friend, the court has heard in its opening statement on child sex abuse charges at the trial of a gang of paedophiles.
The Ross Sea has become the world's largest Marine Protected Area (MPA) after international negotiators agreed on a deal to protect it from commercial fishing at a meeting of marine conservationists on Wednesday.Â£1bn worth of fish and whales will be protected.
Street lights have been switched on in Leicester as part of the city's Hindu festival of lights, which is also known as Diwali, to celebrate the birth of the Hindu god of light and good will over the Hindu calendar year of 2015 and the Hindu festivals of Rangoli and Jainism.
US author Jackie Collins, best known for her erotic novels, has died at the age of 83 after a long battle with breast cancer, her family has said in a statement on her official website, saying she was "a true inspiration" and a "creative force".
A Japanese woman accused of murdering her fourth husband and three other men with cyanide has told a court she will "laugh it off and die" if she is found guilty and sentenced to death, local media report, quoting her testimony in a court in the country.
A fish that escaped from a flood-hit aquarium and went missing for more than a month has been found in a puddle a mile from where he was last seen, it has been revealed by staff at a petrol station near where he swam to safety.
West Indies head coach Phil Simmons has been reinstated to his role after being suspended for his "outburst" over the selection process for this summer's one-day international series against England in New Zealand, reports BBC Radio West Indies' Steve Evans.Â£10,000 compensation has been paid by the West Indies Cricket Board.
A drug trafficker who spent more than two years on the run after being recalled to prison has been recaptured after posting pictures of himself enjoying the "high life" on social media, police have said in a bid to track him down in the wilds of Spain.
Strictly Come Dancing stars Steve Backshall and Ola O'Donovan have spoken out about bullying claims made against them in the Daily Mail, saying it was "not a word that should be used lightly" in the wake of the allegations."I never used the word 'bullying.'"
A Welsh actor is to star in a new film tackling the issue of mental health in the light of his own personal experiences with depression, it has been announced.Â£500,000 of funding has been secured for the Welsh language drama's filming in the Brecon area.
Bristol City manager Steven Sturrock says he has been left "scary" by the number of injuries he has to deal with as he prepares for his first game back in charge of the club's under-20s."Scary" is how he describes the state of his squad.
The explosion that destroyed a SpaceX rocket at Florida's Cape Canaveral Air Force Base was the result of a 14-year-old technical glitch, the company's chief executive Elon Musk has said, describing it as "the most difficult and complex failure we have ever had in 14 years".
A woman has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after falling from a cliff in Dorset, police have said, adding that she is in a critical condition in a hospital in Southampton, where she is being treated for a suspected broken leg and a head injury.
Two black men who were racially abused by Metropolitan Police officers have won a £25,000 civil damages claim against the force and a sergeant involved in a criminal trial for assault and falsely imprisoning them in a police van and strip-searching them for more than 20 hours.
Zimbabwe's First Lady Grace Mugabe has been granted immunity from prosecution by the South African government over an assault case in which she is accused of hitting a model in the head with an extension cable while her sons were in South Africa, officials have said in a government statement.
A Russian court has sentenced three dancers to jail for performing a "twerking" dance routine at the site of the Battle of the Somme in World War Two in the city of Orenburg, near the northern city of Novorossiysk.
League One side Ipswich Town have signed midfielder Charlie Webster from Portsmouth for an undisclosed fee, while defender Joe Clarke has joined on loan from Sheffield United until the end of the season.Â£1.5m has been paid in undisclosed terms to both players for their services.
Premier League football clubs have "turned the corner" and are entering a "new era of sustained profitability", according to Deloitte's annual review of football finance in the UK and the rest of the European leagues, including Scotland and Italy, for the first time.
Jags manager Alan Archibald has defended the quality of coaching in Scotland, saying the country is "doing something right" by attracting some of the world's top coaches to work in Scotland to do their coaching badges in the country for the past few years.
Welsh pole vaulter Libby Peake will attempt to set a new Welsh record and qualify for the Rio Olympics in the same day at a meeting in Cardiff on Saturday.Â£10,000 prize money is on offer for the gold medal she won at the European Indoor Championships.
The massacre of children at a school in the Pakistani city of Peshawar this week has once again raised questions about the role of the Pakistani Taliban, writes the BBC's Nafees Zakaria in Pakistan's Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province, but this time it's not just the Taliban who are at the centre of the controversy.
Old Mutual has announced plans to spin off its four main business units as part of a "bold new course" to "unlock value" from the group's core businesses, following a strategic review by the company's new chief executive, Bruce Hemphill.
Preston North End have agreed a pre-contract deal with former Morecambe midfielder Dries Barkhuizen ahead of his move to the club on a two-year deal.Â£500,000 compensation package has been agreed with the South African.
Ten more Chinese cities have been issued with "severe pollution" alerts, the latest in a series of red alerts issued by the government to warn of hazardous levels of the pollutant PM2.5 in the country's capital, Beijing, and its surrounding areas.
Iran is the only country in the world to have its own "morality police" - a police force tasked with enforcing Islamic law in public places, such as schools, hospitals and public transport - but it is not the only place in the Muslim world where this type of police force exists.
Wakefield reached the Challenge Cup final for the second year in a row as they beat Huddersfield Giants to reach the last eight of the competition for the first time in their history.Â£1.5m will go to Hull KR if they beat Hull KR at Wembley in the final.
A car has ended up on top of a car in a marked parking space in the centre of Dundee after it was left on its side in the middle of a marked bayside carriageway in the city centre, police have said.A warning sign has been placed next to the vehicle.
The Imitation Game, Kingsman: The Secret Service and Paddington were among the winners at the Empire Awards, which honour the year's best film and TV entertainment and film of the year, held in London on Sunday.Â£10,000 prizes were handed out at a star-studded event.
In the oil and gas industry, Alex Barak knows all about getting oil out of the ground, and he's not afraid to try anything to get it out - even if it doesn't go to the top of the list of things that need to be done in order to extract it.
An Asda store in Manchester is to become the first in the UK to introduce a "quiet hour" for customers with autism and Asperger syndrome as part of an initiative to make shopping more comfortable for the "overwhelmed" and "intensely anxious" autistic community.
Ten years ago, in the aftermath of the Lebanese civil war, Peter Barrett was helping to rescue dogs and cats from the streets of Beirut, many of which had been abandoned by their owners because of the conflict in the country's war-torn south-east, writes Martin Jay.
A self-learning artificial intelligence system has been able to play complex video games without any pre-programming, scientists have said, in what is thought to be the first demonstration of its kind in the world.Â£400m research has shown that machines can outwit humans at complex tasks.
Chinese businessman Dr Tony Dr Tony Xia has completed his £52m takeover of relegated Championship club Aston Villa, subject to approval from the Football League and the Premier League's owners' and directors' committees, reports BBC Radio Stoke and BBC Radio Birmingham on Monday.Â£52m is the final price for the takeover.
The head of the French armed forces warned of a possible attack on the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in August, France's top counter-terrorism officer has said in a parliamentary hearing in Paris.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) is needed to ensure the security of the event, officials say.
Hibernian have completed the signing of St Johnstone's Scott Swanson on a two-year deal, with an option for a further 12 months, subject to the player passing a medical and agreeing a new deal with the Scottish Premiership club's parent club Hibernian.
The EU is struggling to come up with a plan to deal with the huge influx of migrants and refugees into the bloc, which has seen record numbers arrive in Greece, Italy and other countries in the Mediterranean and Balkans over the past few months, but it is unclear how much political will it will take.
Japanese carmaker Mazda has unveiled a petrol engine that it says is the first of its kind in the world to use a mixture of petrol and air, in a move that could transform the way petrol cars are made and used.Â£1bn ($1.2bn) is being spent on developing new technology.
A football fan has been found guilty of throwing a punch at Crystal Palace's mascot at a match at Selhurst Park, which could have broken the bird's bone structure and caused her to fall and break her arm.Â£10,000 worth of damage to her skin.
Guatemala's former military leader, Efrain Rios Montt, has been declared mentally incompetent by a medical examiner, a court has been told in a retrial in the capital, Guatemala City, after his brain scan showed he was mentally unfit to stand trial.
A hospital has warned people not to use its A&E department to play the augmented reality game Pokemon Go, saying it would be an "unwanted distraction" to staff and patients if they did so, despite the game's growing popularity in the UK.
Newcastle Falcons have re-signed England centre Toby Flood from French Top 14 side Toulouse for the 2017-18 Premiership season after his release by Leicester Tigers, reports BBC Radio Newcastle Sport's Tom D'Ammons and BBC Newcastle Sport Wales Sport.
Rapper Nadia Dynamite is one of the UK's rising stars - and the first female MC to be signed to Universal Music Group's record label, Universal Music UK, has just signed a record deal worth an estimated Â£1.5m.
Millwall came from behind to beat 10-man Bury and end a run of three straight League One defeats with a dramatic late win at Cesc Fabregas Stadium.Â£3m Millwall moved to within a point of the play-off places with victory.
China's Shenzhou-9 spacecraft has docked with the space station for the first time, after a six-month mission, state media say, as the three astronauts emerged smiling from the spacecraft's landing site in the north-east of the country on Friday.
The man who led the campaign to save Cardigan Castle Cadwgan Castle from demolition has resigned as a trustee to protect his family from "virtual persecution", it has been claimed by a group of people.Â£6m has been raised for the restoration of the site.
A German policeman has been killed in a shootout with police during an anti-terror operation in the far-right state of Bavaria, local officials say, hours after the incident was announced prematurely on social media sites such as Facebook and YouTube, local media report.
England head coach Eddie Jones has defended the targeting of Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton in the build-up to Saturday's Six Nations match at Twickenham, saying it is "part of rugby union" to target players who are "weak" or "weak-looking".
Johnston Press has reported a rise in profits for 2015, despite continuing "challenging" trading conditions for the Scottish newspaper publisher's print and digital operations.The company has announced plans to sell off "non-core" assets, including The Scotsman and i.
Prime Minister David Cameron's flagship free school in Birmingham has been rated "inadequate" by Ofsted, less than two years after it was opened by the then education secretary, Nicky Morgan, as part of a drive to improve education in the city.
A campaign to raise £100,000 to fund a legal challenge to Tony Blair over the 2003 Iraq War has reached its target in just nine hours on the crowdfunding website CrowdJustice, it has been announced, after reaching its £50,000 target in less than a week.
China's Ma Xinyu beat world number one Zhang Shuai Zhang of China 4-1 to win gold in the men's singles final at the Olympic Games in Rio, beating the South Korean 6-3 4-6 6-2.com 4-4 6-4.
An Australian woman who suffered severe burns in a bushfire has completed her first Ironman triathlon after more than eight years in a coma following a race in the US state of Hawaii, it has been announced on social media.Â£10,000 (Â£8,000) in prize money has been awarded to the winner.
One of the world's biggest home entertainment companies, Philips, used to be known for making TVs, DVD players and other home entertainment products for the home and business sectors, like washing machines, washing lines and dishwashers, among many other things, such as televisions and washing machines.
The final piece of hardware for the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST) has arrived in the UK, where it will be put on a rocket to put it into orbit around the US space agency's Goddard facility in Maryland, USA, next year.Â£1.5bn worth of testing has been completed on the instrument it will play a central role in the project.
Western Sahara has welcomed Morocco's readmission to the African Union (AU) after more than two-thirds of the 53-nation bloc backed its bid to rejoin the body.A referendum on independence for the disputed territory could be back on the agenda, Western Sahara officials have said.
Johnny Depp's wife Amber Heard has filed for divorce from the star of the latest Pirates of the Caribbean film, according to court papers filed in the US.Â£1.2bn (£1.1bn) film star's first divorce from director Johnny Depp.
Nigeria may be one of Africa's most successful football nations, but their failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon is a damning indictment of the state of the game in the country, according to former internationals Segun Odegbami and Taribo West.
The annual Guid Nychburris horse parade in Dumfries and Galloway has passed off without any major incidents, police have said, despite the event being attended by more than 20,000 people.Inspectors have said it was a "good family atmosphere".
More than 1.7 million people have taken part in a survey launched by Nicola Sturgeon to gauge public opinion on Scotland's future in the wake of the Brexit vote, according to the SNP leader and Scottish first minister's latest assessment of the survey results, BBC Scotland has learned.
The mother of a five-year-old girl with leukaemia has thanked the thousands of blood donors who saved her life by giving her transfusions while she was being treated for the disease, as the Welsh Blood Service appeals for new blood donors to come forward.
Comedian and actress Karen Mackichan has called for a "sea change" in the depiction of rape and murder in TV dramas, calling for a change in the culture of "crime porn" and "horrifying" depictions of women to be taken seriously.
A London shopping centre that was the subject of a £1bn Nama loan has been sold to a private equity firm for an undisclosed sum, it has been announced on the London Stock Exchange.Â£100m has been paid for the property firm Lagmar Barking.
Angolans living abroad and those living in the Angolan diaspora have been protesting against the government's plans to introduce a special internet law that would have made it a crime to criticise the government on social networking sites such as Facebook and other social networks.
Hungary, a small country on the border with Austria, is one of Europe's oldest countries and one of the largest economies in Central Europe, with a population of about five million people, according to the UN's Central Europe Boundary and Boundary Commission (EU).
A woman's hair was set on fire after a group of men set fire to her head in a McDonald's drive-through, police have said, in what they described as a "nasty and extremely dangerous thing to do" in the early hours of the morning.
Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni has said he will not sign into law a bill that would make it a crime to be gay, his spokesman has told the BBC's Catherine Byaruhanga in the capital, Kampala, saying he believes gay people should not be persecuted.
Selma director Ava DuVernay has praised the makers of new film Gods of Egypt for "apologising" for what she called a "failure" to "live up to their own standards of sensitivity and diversity" in the film's publicity.
Wales are through to the semi-finals of Euro 2016 after a 4-0 win over Hungary and a 1-0 victory over Northern Ireland in their last group game in Group B.Â£1.5m-winning goal difference is the difference between Wales and Belgium.
A second man has been charged in connection with an attack on a pregnant woman in south-east London which left her with a fractured skull and a fractured eye socket, the Met Police has said, in which her unborn baby was also injured in a "serious case of mistaken identity".
Oscar-winning actress Dame Judi Dench is to star in Disney's live-action remake of Beauty and the Beast, it has been announced, along with the role she will play in the film's sequel to Disney's hit animated film Beauty & the Beast.
Carrick Rangers host Warrenpoint Town in Monday night's Danske Bank Premiership game at Ferney Park, with the game being played on the same day that Dungannon Swifts travel to face Dunfermline Athletic Bilbao in a rearranged round of games.
A leading technology figure has said he is "very surprised" that broadband penetration in Wales is not at the level it should be, and called on the government and industry to "push hard" to get it to "the highest level everywhere" in the UK.
The parents of a British woman who died in Italy in 2012 have said they are "living in a continuing nightmare" as they wait for answers about what happened to their "beautiful daughter" and why no-one has spoken to them for more than two years.
UK industrial and construction output fell in February, according to official figures, suggesting that growth in the UK economy may have slowed in the first quarter of the year, as consumers became "more cautious" about borrowing and spending plans ahead of the winter heating season begins.
Young people in Northern Ireland have been speaking out about their frustration at what they see as a lack of progress at Stormont and what they want the politicians to do to help them get a job and make life more difficult for those who can't find one.Â£1,000 a year is the minimum wage.
Swansea City midfielder Nathan Grimes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the deal if he is not sold by the summer transfer window.
A man has been charged with attempting to smuggle drugs, mobile phones and other banned items into a prison by drone, it has been claimed by the West Midlands Police Service (WMSPS) in a bid to reduce the number of inmates on death row.
Parts of Wales are set to be battered by winds of up to 70mph and heavy rain on Tuesday as the remnants of a hurricane make their way across the Atlantic Ocean, forecasters have warned of the potential for travel disruption and power cuts due to adverse weather conditions.
The Indian President, Pranab Mukherjee, has invited author Anil Ghosh on a tour of his official residence in Delhi, and he has been sharing his experiences with the nation on social media, to the delight of millions of Twitter users and book-lovers.
The risk of a repeat of the collapse of a flood bridge that led to the deaths of more than 80 people remains, according to a report into last year's flooding in a seaside town, which led to a £1.2m loss of income.
Ipswich Town have signed Blackburn Rovers striker Ryan Moore for an undisclosed fee and re-signed defender Lee Spence on a free transfer, subject to international clearance and a work permit, reports BBC Radio Suffolk.Â£250,000 has been paid to both players.
Worcestershire built a huge first-innings lead over Glamorgan on day two of their County Championship Division Two match at New Road, Bridgend county, after bowling out the Welsh county out for just 138.50.Â£1.5m of wickets were taken in total.
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2-0 in Reykjavik to go top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group, while Italy beat Malta 1-0 to keep their hopes of reaching the group stage alive and end the Netherlands' 100% start to the campaign.
The remains of Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright, two of the Disappeared, have been formally identified, the Irish government has confirmed to the family of one of the victims, the BBC has learned from the Irish authorities and the coroner for the City of Dublin (Dr Brian Farrell).
Olympic gold medallist Rebecca Adlington has opened a new £1m swimming and fitness centre in Wrexham, which has been transformed into a "safe place" for young people with learning disabilities and disabled people to enjoy the sport and have fun.
Plans to redevelop Stoke-on-Trent's former football stadium site have been approved by the city council and the developer St Modwen Homes to build more than 200 homes there over the next 20 years.Â£10m will be spent on the project, it has been announced.
US department store chains Macy's and Kohl's have reported a sharp fall in sales, as shoppers increasingly shop online and fewer visits to brick-and-mortar stores in the face of a shift to buying clothes for less expensive online purchases and fewer trips to the mall.
Using a TV signal as a "radar" to track aircraft has been successfully tested by the National Air Traffic Control Service (Nats) in the UK for the first time, it has been claimed.Â£1.5m research suggests the technology could be used to detect aircraft in mid-air.
The police watchdog, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC), is investigating more than 100 cases of alleged police misconduct in relation to child sexual abuse in England and Wales, the BBC has learned in a series of exclusive interviews with the BBC.Â£1.5m has been spent by the IPCC investigating allegations of abuse in the last year.
Charlton Athletic have re-signed striker Yannick Bolus on loan from Dutch side Ajax until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.Â£1.5m Charlton Athletic transfer deadline day deadline day deal.
A gene defect may be at the root of some cases of male infertility, according to a study of men with unexplained inability to produce sperm, scientists say.Researchers say they have made a "ground-breaking" discovery in the search for a genetic cause of the condition.
Northern Ireland's Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness has cancelled a trade mission to Saudi Arabia with his wife, Bernie, because he is "busy" with his work as a deputy first minister and has not been able to travel to the Middle East due to illness.
A church in North Yorkshire has spent Â£10,000 trying to get a colony of bats to move out of an 11th Century building, despite efforts to stop them damaging the building and its ancient stonework and furniture, Natural England has said.
France's government has ordered the dissolution of a far-right youth group over the death of a teenager who was beaten to death during a brawl in Paris, officials say.Â£1m (€1.2m; $1.4m) has been pledged by the government in a bid to tackle fascist groups.
Tony Bellew says he does not want to fight Britain's Anthony Joshua in a world heavyweight title unification fight, saying the Briton is "far too good for him".Â£25m-rated heavyweight world champion is "good friends" with his promoter Eddie Hearn.
Maesteg Harlequins rugby player Ryan Watkins has become the second player in two days to be banned by UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) after testing positive for two banned substances in a pre-season game in Bridgend on Saturday.
World number one Angelique Kerber reached the second round of Wimbledon with a hard-fought win over Italian qualifier Gabriella Falconi in the first round of the women's singles on day one at the All England Club, despite a lacklustre performance.
The number of UK households renting property is set to double over the next decade, according to a surveyors' group. It has called for a reversal in stamp duty on second homes.Â£2bn should be spent on building new homes for people on low incomes, it says.
West Ham reached the third round of the EFL Cup for the first time in four years with a comfortable 2-0 win at Cheltenham, who were knocked out in the first round by League One side Stevenage in the third-round replay at The New Lawn.
Greenock Morton will be aiming for a "monumental upset" when they face Rangers in Sunday's Scottish Cup fifth-round tie at Ibrox, according to assistant manager Jim Duffy, who is in charge of the Greenock Morton's preparations for the match.
Two men have been charged with rape and sexual assault following an investigation into an alleged attack at a house in Sunderland in the early hours of Saturday morning, it has been reported to the procurator fiscal (PFA) of the city's Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC).
Plans for an energy storage scheme at an abandoned quarry in Snowdonia have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government at a public inquiry into the future of renewable energy in the country and the future role of the Quarry Battery Scheme.Â£2.5m of funding has been approved by councillors.
Saturday's National League game between Macclesfield Town and Dover Athletic has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Moss Rose Park due to "standing water" on the playing surface, says the National League club's website. Click here for all the match reports.
Wales beat England 2-0 in Cardiff in the opening game of the 1986 European Championships to reach the semi-finals for the first time in the country's history on Saturday, 16 June. Click here to see the full report from the match on BBC Wales Sport.
Prof Stephen Hawking has joined a panel of ex-Astronauts and scientists who will be judging a science experiment competition on the internet's video-sharing site YouTube, it has been announced by the site's founder, YouTube.com, and its parent company, Google.
A man has escaped injury after a car was set on fire in a suspected arson attack in West Lothian.Police are treating the incident as "suspicious" and are treating it as arson with "considerable urgency".Â£10,000 of damage has been caused.
A disabled man with bowel problems has called for Welsh councils to be legally obliged to provide enough public toilets for disabled people, as part of plans to tackle council-run toilet services in the country's towns and villages.The body representing councils has said it is against plans to hand over the responsibility for providing them to community councils.
British Airways cabin crew have voted to go on strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, the Unite union has said, in the latest blow to the airline's efforts to resolve the dispute.The union has accused it of trying to "bully" its members.
The suicide bomber who killed dozens of people in the Turkish capital Ankara last week was the son of the man who carried out the attack, Turkish officials say, contradicting earlier claims that the bomber was a Syrian Kurdish fighter from Rojava, northern Syria, state media report.
Plans to build a hydro power station at Conwy falls in Snowdonia have been refused by Natural Resources Wales (NRW) over fears it would reduce the amount of water available for hydroelectric use in the Conwy Falls to a "trickle".
An 83-year-old man is to stand trial accused of causing the death of a teenage netball coach by reversing over her as she filled up her car at a petrol station in Renfrewshire two-and-a-half years ago, a court has heard.
The smoking ban has "destroyed" more communities than the pit closures that led to the closure of pubs in many communities, a former UKIP councillor has said, accusing the Labour Party of "lecturing rather than representing" working class voters in the past 10 years.
A statue has been unveiled in Timperley, Cheshire, to commemorate the life of Frank Sidebottom, one of the UK's best-loved entertainers, who lived in the village in the 1970s and 80s and was best known for his TV show.
Firefighters in England and Wales are to go on strike on Monday in a row over pensions, the fire service has said, with a 48-hour stoppage expected to begin at midnight.The government has been accused of "disgraceful actions" in the row.
At least six people have been killed in heavy fighting in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi, doctors and residents say, as troops loyal to a military general backed by the government backed by a rival militia.The battle for control of the city has entered its third day.
A man accused of a £144,000 insurance fraud scam has told a court he was injured in a car crash and had to accept a £300 repair bill after making a claim on his own insurance policy, a court has been told, despite saying he did not agree with the practice.
The first round of Wimbledon is over and I'm back at home for the rest of the week, but I've been answering some of the questions you've sent in about my time at the tournament so I can get back to work on the court again on Monday.
A tiny diamond-encrusted pad of paper has been used as a model in a new episode of BBC One's The Great British Bake-Off, which is to be shown on Sunday night in the hope of winning a £10,000 prize for the world's most valuable book.
Europe’s biggest aerospace company, Airbus, and the UK's OneWeb consortium have unveiled plans to build the world's largest constellation of satellites.The ambitious plan to connect the Earth to the edge of space has taken a big step forward, with the launch of the first batch of spacecraft into orbit.
A woman who went missing with her two-year-old daughter in Pembrokeshire has been found safe and well, police have said, after an appeal on social media was shared more than 1,000 times on its first day of operation.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius has appeared before the country's highest court to appeal against his conviction for murder, saying he acted lawfully when he shot dead his girlfriend at his home in his home city of Bloemfontein, near Pretoria, and should not have been convicted.
A Japanese court has given the go-ahead for two new nuclear reactors to be restarted after a six-year ban on the operation of the country's nuclear power stations, following the Fukushima disaster, a year-and-a-half ago, local media report.
A new comedy festival is getting under way in Aberdeen, with the aim of turning the city centre into a centre of excellence for the performing arts and entertainment in the north east of the country by the end of the year, it has been announced to coincide with the city's centenary.
Ex-Crewe Alexandra Palace footballer Kevin Woodward says he is "still waiting" for police to visit him to give him a statement on his alleged sexual abuse by a football coach, more than 30 years after the abuse he claims he suffered at the hands of his own club.
A petition calling for revenge-porn victims to be given the right to keep their names out of the media has been signed by more than 1,000 people in North Yorkshire and the North of England and Wales, calling for a change in the law to allow them to be named.
The head of India's film censor board has resigned over the clearance of a controversial religious film by a controversial Sikh guru, the BBC has learned from a colleague who has resigned as a member of the board.The chief censor has accused the government of interference in her own organisation.
Have you ever wondered what it would be like to be a professional tennis player and have to change your hairstyle at the last minute during a major tournament in order to make it look more 'professional' and 'cooler' in the middle of a Grand Slam?
Claudia Winkleman is to step down as the host of BBC Two's film show Film 2016 after two years in the job.The presenter has said she is "incredibly sad" to be leaving the show.A new presenter will be announced in due course.
More than a third of rail passengers are paying too much for their journey, according to research by the rail regulator.Train companies are being urged to refund passengers who accidentally buy too expensive tickets from ticket vending machines, as part of plans to simplify fares in England and Wales.
University staff at the University of Wrexham have taken part in a strike in a dispute over pay and conditions in a row over a 1.1% increase in the pay offer to university staff from their employers, a union has said in a letter to the BBC.
It's that time of year again, when you're shopping at the shops for presents, but this year's adverts are going to have to compete with the likes of the John Lewis ManOnTheMoon, Sainsbury's Mog, and The Burberry The Bekky, to name a few.
Scottish engineering firm Aggreko has agreed to buy US-based HVAC company Dryco in a deal that values the company at more than $100m (Â£66.5m), subject to regulatory approval.Â£5m-worth of equipment will be added to its North America business.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has said there are "obvious similarities" between him and Donald Trump, the US president-elect who won the US election by a landslide, and the billionaire businessman who is now the country's next president.
Five men have been cautioned for publishing the name of a woman who was raped by footballer Ched Evans after he was found not guilty of the offence in 2011, North Wales Police has said.The force has said it will "vigorously pursue and prosecute" those who do so.
Chris Holroyd scored twice as Macclesfield came from behind to beat promotion-chasing Dover at Moss Rose Lane.The Cheshire club moved to within six points of the National League play-off places with a 2-1 win.Â£1,000 in prize money will be shared between the two sides.
The Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards has confirmed that the band are planning a world tour to mark 50 years since their first gig in London's Marquee Club, but he has not given a specific date for the return of the band's live shows, saying it is "definitely happening".
Britain's Johanna Konta says she has "a lot to improve on" after losing in three sets to Aleksandra Krunic in the first round of the US Open at Flushing Meadows on Monday night, but admitted it was a "tough" experience.
Preston missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw at Barnsley by Paul Heckingbottom's second-from-bottom side.Â£12m-bound Preston North End remain without a win in five games.
A US basketball player has been banned from playing in South Korea after being accused of faking her birth certificate to claim a South Korean grandmother as part of a scam to gain entry to the country's top league for the first time in its history, officials say.
The government has announced details of a new childcare benefit scheme for families in England and Wales, which it says will cover up to 85% of the cost of childcare for all children under the age of five by the age in 2015, with the rest paid for by the state.
The site of the 2016 National Eisteddfod of Wales in Ceredigion has been set out by the county council after a report said it was the "most appropriate" for the event to be held in the north Wales town of Neath Port Talbot.
Leigh Centurions head coach Justin Rowley has resigned after less than two years in charge of the Super League club, the Championship side have announced on social media and website Twitter on Monday.Â£500,000 in compensation has been paid to the player and staff.
Liisa Ronkainen is one of 2,000 unemployed people in Finland who have been chosen to take part in a two-year experiment to see if a basic income will make them more motivated to find work and less likely to take it easy in the meantime.
Mount Etna volcano in Italy has erupted for the second time in less than a year, spewing out a huge plume of smoke and ash into the sky above the city of Catania in the north-east of the country, in Italy, in the past 24 hours.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Nicky Pyrgos is relishing the chance to captain Scotland for the first time in a World Cup match as he prepares to lead his side out against the USA in Glasgow on Saturday."I know how much it means to the country and I'm really excited."
A BBC team embedded with Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in the city of Mosul has captured a village in the north-western province of Nineveh from the militants, near the group's last major stronghold in the country, Mosul, which is now under their control.
US President Barack Obama and Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte have met for the first time since a spat at the Asean summit in Laos, the White House has confirmed to the AFP news agency.The pair have exchanged pleasantries at the end of their first face-to-face meeting since the spat.
Taylor Swift has been mistaken for a lookalike of herself on social media - but it's not Taylor Swift, it's a girl named Morgan, and she's wearing red lipstick and red hair and looking a bit like the pop star in a photo shoot for her new album.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average and the Nasdaq edging higher, but the S&P 500 closed little changed as investors digested disappointing earnings reports from several big US technology companies and a sell-off in the tech sector.
When you're watching a football match, it's easy to get bogged down in the details of every minute of the game.There's a lot of action going on, every goal scored, every penalty and every moment of extra-time added on to the action.
A human foot has been found in a park in Bristol as part of a police investigation into the discovery of three severed human feet in the same area of the city in the space of just over a month, it has emerged from a wooded area in the centre of Bristol.
Plans to demolish four buildings in a seaside resort to make way for a new hotel and flats have been approved by Dorset County Council's planning board despite opposition from English Heritage.Â£2.5m of public money will be spent on the project, it has been announced.
Pakistan's Supreme Court has postponed the hearing of an appeal by a Christian woman sentenced to death for blasphemy against the Prophet Muhammad after a judge recused himself from the case, the BBC has learned from a court in the city of Lahore, where the appeal was due to be heard.
Mental health patients in Wales are to be treated within four weeks of being first referred to the NHS under new plans announced by the Welsh government on Monday.Â£1.5bn is to be spent on mental health services over the next five years, it has been announced.
Former Australian rugby league star Josh Hunt has been charged with supplying cocaine with intent to supply in Queensland, Australia, police have said in a press release on Friday.Â£100,000 worth of cocaine has been seized by police in the city of Ipswich, Queensland.
Former England all-rounder Gareth Lewis says he wants to help young cricketers avoid the pitfalls of a career in the professional game as he embarks on a two-week tour of County Championship cricket in England and Wales this week.Â£1m-a-year contract with Leicestershire.
Ross County strengthened their position at the top of the Scottish Premiership with victory over Kilmarnock, who are now nine points adrift at the foot of the table with two games to go in the battle for a play-off place.Â£1m Ross County moved to within a point of second-placed Aberdeen.
Leinster moved to within a point of Pro12 leaders Scarlets with a hard-fought win over Connacht at the RDS in Galway to move up to fourth in the Irish province's Pro12 table with one game to play at the end of the season.
Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane says his team will have to "fight" for a place in the second round of the African Champions League after being held to a 2-2 draw by Ugandan champions KCCA in the first leg of their first round tie.
An 18th Century tin mine in Cornwall is to undergo a £1m revamp following the success of the BBC One drama Poldark, its owner has said.Â£500,000 is to be spent to restore the site.Â© David Edwards
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has accused Texas Senator Ted Cruz of "stealing" the Iowa caucuses, saying he "stole" the contest from his rival for the Republican nomination in the state's caucuses on Monday night and should quit the race altogether if he loses the nomination.
Jazz Carlin says she finally started to believe in herself after winning two Olympic silver medals at Rio 2016 to become the first Welsh woman to win two swimming silver medals in one Games in the same Olympics since 1936.Â£10,000 worth of self-confidence helped her to overcome a "tough" year.
Gareth Southgate has been appointed England manager on a five-year deal after four months in interim charge of the national team, the Football Association announced on Monday night in a ceremony at St George's Park, north London, to mark the end of his time as interim boss.
In the run-up to the general election, the number of impressionists who took to the stage at the Fringe Festival to do their impersonations of the UK's political leaders was reduced to the barest of margins, with the loss of David Cameron, Gordon Brown and George Galloway among the most high-profile figures to go.
A letter written by Nobel Prize-winning author AA Lewis Carroll has sold for £3,500 at auction in Gloucestershire, more than three times its guide price of £1,500.Â£1,000 was the highest price for any item sold at auction.
The first of Loganair's fleet of aircraft has been refurbished as part of a £15m investment programme to improve the safety and reliability of some of the airline's services.Â£3.5m has been spent refurbishing the first of the company's fleet.
Police are searching for a six-year-old girl who has gone missing after she was taken to hospital by her family without any medical treatment.Detectives have said they are "unsure" if the girl's real name is Mashael Aldosari, who they believe may be from Kuwait.
Volkswagen has delayed the release of its annual results as it continues to deal with the fallout from the emissions scandal that has hit the German carmaker's reputation and reputation in the US and other major European markets, and delays to its results for the first two shareholder meetings.
A strike by hardliners in the Indian state of West Bengal has entered its second day, with thousands of people protesting in the hills of Darjeeling and other parts of the region, and a number of arrests made after a car was set on fire in the town, reports say.
Norwich City midfielder Bertrande Tettey says his goal against Southampton on Saturday was a "Yaya Toure-like" moment, after the Ivorian scored his second in as many games for the Canaries in the space of a month on Saturday.
Great Britain's women's hockey team produced their best performance of the World League Semi-Finals to beat New Zealand 4-3 in a thrilling play-off and secure a place in the Olympic Games squad for Rio 2016, their best ever result at a major tournament.
The Confederation of African Football's secretary general, Mohamed El Amine El Amrani, has resigned, a day after Issa Hayatou was ousted as the head of the governing body's ruling body, the Confederation of Africa Football (Caf) announced.
Police are searching for a missing elderly man who has not been seen for more than 24 hours in Cardiff city centre, prompting a police appeal for help in tracing his whereabouts on social media and social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter.Â£10,000 has been made available to trace him.
Steve Smith has been named as Australia's new one-day captain, replacing Michael Clarke, who retired from international cricket after losing the Ashes to England last week."He has big shoes to fill but everything suggests he is the right man for the job," says national selector Rod Marsh.
Steven Lawless has signed a new two-year contract with Partick Thistle, keeping him at Firhill until the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m has been paid to the player-coach of the Scottish Premiership club by the League One club.
A drink-driver who was found lying in the road with his trousers down has been given an 18-month community payback order and an unpaid work order by a sheriff for his actions.Â£1,000 in fines, costs and a £1,500 fine.
Championship side Leicester City have signed Birmingham City midfielder Omar Hector on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Tigers on a permanent deal for an undisclosed fee, reported to be £1.5m, on a three-year deal.
Yorkshire should have its own "White Rose Parliament", former cabinet minister David Blunkett has said, calling for the region to be given its own devolved parliament to make decisions on its own budget, he has told the House of Commons in a bid to boost local government funding.
Guiseley extended their unbeaten run to five games with a draw at Gateshead. Both sides are now unbeaten in the National League after battling to a 1-1 draw at the Gateshead Stadium on Tuesday night, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time.
Preston North End have signed Aston Villa midfielder George Robinson and Fulham midfielder Jordan Pringle on two-year deals.Â£1.5m signings for both players have been completed on transfer deadline day, subject to international clearance and a work permit.
Glasgow City Council has said it will have a "full debrief" with police and the organisers of an Orange Order parade after footage emerged of people apparently singing a racist song at the event in the city centre on Saturday night and on Sunday, it has been revealed.
UK scientists will be allowed to carry out experiments on human embryos for the first time next year, the UK's fertility regulator has said.Â£1.5m funding has been approved for the experiments to be carried out in the country's first-ever trial of gene editing.
Australia beat India by eight wickets in a thrilling final one-day international in Melbourne to take a 2-0 lead in the series and level the series at 2-2 with two matches to play.Â£1.5m prize money will be awarded to the home side for the series after the match.
Two men have been charged in connection with an attempted robbery at a shop in Londonderry in which a man had to be restrained by members of the public, police have said.Â£10,000 worth of cigarettes have been stolen from the shop by a man armed with a knife.
The NHS in England has been under intense scrutiny in the past few weeks. The referendum has thrown a new kind of spotlight on the health service's finances and the role of the government in dealing with the issue, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in London.
The former head of the Catholic Church in Ireland, Father John D'Arcy, has said he would find it hard to continue as a priest if he was in the position of Cardinal George Brady, the current leader of the Irish Catholic Church, if he were in his current position.
The families of two men killed in a crash in Nottinghamshire have paid tribute to them on social media, saying they will be "sadly missed forever" but "never forgotten" by those who knew them and loved them "inseparably".Â£1.5m has been raised for the families of the victims.
A security alert in west Belfast has ended after "nothing untoward" was found following a "suspicious vehicle" being searched by the Army's bomb disposal team.No suspicious items were found, police have said, but a security alert was declared a false alarm.
The UK unemployment rate fell to 5.7% in the three months to June, down from 5.9% in May, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), while the number of people in work rose by 69,000 to a record high of 29.78 million.
Consumer goods giant Unilever has reported a fall in sales for the first three months of the year as it continues to be hit by a slowdown in emerging markets and a recession in the US and a downturn in China, where it makes most of its food and drink.
Islamic State (IS) militants have been accused of using mustard gas on Kurdish Peshmerga fighters in northern Iraq, Kurdish officials say, in what would be the first chemical weapons attack of its kind in the country since the US-led ousting of Saddam Hussein in 2003.
A man has been rescued from a submerged car after it plunged into a reservoir following a police chase.The driver had to be cut free by officers who went into the water to try to stop it sinking, it has emerged in a police appeal for information about a suspected stolen car.
Care homes in England have been added to a new website that allows the public to check on the quality of care they provide for their loved ones, the health minister has said in a "victory for those who are worried" about care for their elderly relatives.
A computer program that will be able to make investment decisions based on the data it has been given by a company's board has been developed.Â£1.5m has been invested in a start-up by a group of investors in the pharmaceutical industry for the first time.
The family of a woman who died from ovarian cancer after using talcum powder containing asbestos-free mineral powder has been awarded $110m (£70m) in damages by a US jury in a case brought by Johnson & Johnson (J&J) over its use of the mineral.
France's Pierre Rolland won stage nine of the Giro d'Italia to move into second place overall and extend his lead at the top of the overall standings for the first time in his career with victory for Cannondale-FDJ on Wednesday.
Adebayo Akinfenwa's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Wycombe at Morecambe, who missed the chance to move into the League Two play-off places with a draw at the Cressing Road club's home ground.
An 86-year-old woman hit a would-be thief over the head with a bacon roll as she tried to defend herself from a mugging in a supermarket car park, police have said in a video released by local paper Altrincham Today.
They are the county champions of the hurlers' world, they are the All-Ireland champions and they are about to be crowned champions of Ireland for the first time in the club hurling competition's 88-year history - and they're backed by one of the world's most famous actors.
The parents of a six-year-old girl who was found dead on a bus have denied murdering her and allowing her to die from head injuries on board, a court has been told, as they pleaded not guilty to her murder and causing or allowing her death.
The Danish shipping giant Maersk has confirmed that the crew of a container ship that was seized off the coast of Iran on Tuesday are safe and in "good spirits" and are in contact with the Danish ministry of foreign affairs, but declined to elaborate further on the incident.
Pedro has been taken to hospital after suffering a suspected broken nose in Chelsea's pre-season friendly against Shanghai SIPG on Saturday.Â£10,000 worth of facial hair has been removed from his face after he was hit by a ball in training on Monday.
Three people have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences in connection with an alleged plot to carry out a knife attack in the UK in the run-up to the 2015 London terror attack by Islamic State (IS) militants in London and the UK's so-called Islamic State group.
The Labour Party has held on to Cardiff South and Penarth in a by-election, retaining the south Wales seat in the House of Commons for the first time in more than 70 years.The Liberal Democrats have finished second, with Plaid Cymru in third place.
A protest march has taken place in Lincolnshire against plans for a wind farm which would create up to 100 turbines in the county's Lincolnshire Wolds, near Theddlethorpe, which developers say would be the UK's largest in terms of turbines.
World leaders are meeting in New York to sign the Paris Agreement on climate change, despite the absence of US President Barack Obama, who will not be attending this year's event because of a back-to-back visit to the Middle East for the G20 summit.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a husband and wife who were found dead at a house in Gloucestershire after a car crash, police have said in a murder inquiry into the deaths of the two people in the same town.
Angelina Jolie's decision to have a risk-reducing mastectomy may have boosted the number of women seeking genetic testing for breast cancer, say researchers in the UK and the US, who say it has had a "long-lasting and global effect" on the practice.
More than 1,000 people a year are waiting up to a year for their first consultant-led appointment at the Ulster Hospital in Belfast, according to the latest figures from the South Eastern Health and Social Care Trust (SCHCT) in the South East of England.
A man has been injured after a firework was dropped through the doorway of a fish and chip shop in north Belfast, leaving him with "life-threatening" injuries, the PSNI has said in a press release on Friday night's attack on social media.
Nigel Stevens and his wife Tonia live on the seafront in the Spanish seaside town of Benavista in south-west Spain and when asked why she left the UK, Tonia Stevens says it was because of the bad weather, the lack of jobs and the high cost of living here.
More than 1,000 bottles of detergent known as "Vanish" have been washed up on the Cornish coast in the space of a few days, conservationists have said, prompting a warning for people to keep a "safe distance" from them.
Yeovil Town Ladies have extended the contract of striker Sarah Heatherson until the end of the 2017-18 Women's Super League One season, with the option of a further year with the club to extend it by a further 12 months if she impresses.
A Northern Ireland football fan has denied taking part in racist chanting during Saturday's FA Cup quarter-final match between Chelsea and Manchester United at Wembley Stadium MK Dons, in which racist chanting was caught on camera by police.Â£10,000 in fines has been handed out to fans who took part in the incident.
The mayor of a council has called for her fellow councillor to resign over claims he misled councillors about his links to a fitness firm that won £156,000 in school fitness contracts, the BBC has learned from the local authority's own emails seen by the BBC.
Shares in Premier Oil & Gas have risen sharply after the company agreed to buy E.On's UK North Sea assets for less than half the price it paid for them earlier this month, sending its share price up by more than 90% on Monday evening, after the deal was completed.
Derry City maintained their hopes of a top-four finish in the Premier Division as they came from behind to beat Bohemians 2-1 at the Brandywell on Saturday night and move to within five points of leaders Derry City at the top of the table.
A Michigan woman has been charged with reckless endangerment after police say she fired several shots at a suspected shoplifter as they fled from a hardware store in a stolen car in a busy city parking lot in October.Â£2,000 (Â£1,700) worth of merchandise was stolen.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough thrashed Bristol Rovers at the Memorial Stadium to move into the League One play-off places with a win over the Robins in the EFL Cup first round, despite being held to a 1-1 draw.
A Pembrokeshire bus company is being put up for sale with the potential loss of up to 50 jobs, BBC Wales has learned from the company's management.Â£500,000 worth of business is at risk, it has been revealed.
Dundee have signed former Real Sociedad defender Jordi Etxabeguren on a two-year deal.Â£20,000 has been paid to sign the midfielder on a free transfer from Spanish top-flight club Deportivo La Coruna, subject to international clearance.
Thousands of people have been forced to leave their homes in the Bangladeshi capital, Dhaka, after a massive firecracker display left the city's streets smouldering in the early hours of the morning and left many residents unable to see more than 20km (12 miles) from home.
Jose Fernandez, a pitcher for the Miami Marlins baseball team, was born in Havana to a Cuban mother and a father who fled to the United States when he was five years old, according to his father's account of his son's life. He was killed in a boating accident off the coast of Florida on Saturday.
At least 20 people have been killed in clashes between Sunni tribal fighters and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Iraqi city of Fallujah, officials say, amid reports of a rise in tensions between the two groups in the city, which is held by the jihadist group.
An Air Canada plane was forced to make an emergency landing at San Francisco's airport after it came within 30m (100ft) of colliding with two other planes, a report has said, but no one was hurt.Â£1.5m ($1.6bn; $1.8bn) in damage.
Three brothers who sexually abused four girls in Rotherham left their victims feeling "dirty, ashamed and guilty", a judge has said as they were jailed for a total of 27 years for a string of sex offences against girls aged as young as 12.Â£1.5m in fines and costs.
The House of Lords has warned that the UK's fishing communities could be "marginalised" if the UK leaves the European Union (EU) without a free trade deal with the rest of the EU. It says the UK may have to give up more access to EU fishing grounds in return for continued access to European markets.
David Cameron asked Angela Merkel for help in his bid to shore up the pro-EU campaign for Britain to stay in the EU, the BBC's Newsnight programme has learned from a senior Downing Street source who discussed the issue with the German chancellor in the run-up to the referendum.
The Westminster attack has left four people dead and at least 20 injured, including the attacker himself, who was shot dead by police at point blank range at the scene in the grounds of the Palace of Westminster, near the entrance to the Houses of Parliament, and at the centre of the Westminster area.
Arsenal have agreed a deal to sign teenage midfielder Krystian Bielik from Legia Warsaw for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal, subject to a work permit and international clearance, on a five-year contract, BBC Radio Solent reports.
Rescue workers in Colombia are searching for survivors of a landslide that has killed at least 123 people in the south-western province of Antioquia, the Red Cross has said, with the death toll expected to rise to 150 or more by the end of Monday.
A man has been arrested in east London as part of the investigation into the London Bridge terror attack on 7 June, the Met Police has said, which left eight people dead.Â£1m has been raised for the victims of the attack so far, the force has said.
The president of European football's governing body, Uefa, Josep Maria Villar, has resigned after he was arrested in Spain on suspicion of embezzlement and money laundering, the governing body has said in a statement to the BBC's Sport website.
A ban on the use of wild animals in circuses in Scotland could have a "massive" impact on zoos and shopping centres, a leading circus boss has told MSPs on Holyrood's environment committee.Â£1bn could be lost if the move goes ahead, it has been claimed.
A man who stabbed a mental health nurse to death at a hospital unit has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 27 years for her murder and two counts of attempted murder, the Old Bailey has ruled after hearing his case for the first time on Wednesday.
German police have arrested a Syrian man suspected of taking part in a group that carried out a massacre in Syria last year, German prosecutors have said in a statement to the AFP news agency (Gazeta) in Duesseldorf, citing a court filing.
Ross Wallace's first-half strike was enough to give Sheffield Wednesday victory over 10-man Huddersfield Town and move them five points clear of the Championship relegation zone at the top of the table.Â£5m-bound Sheffield Wednesday moved to within a point of the play-off places.
A fuel additive was found in a breast implant that ruptured more than 1,000 times last year, according to a report by the French broadcaster RTL, which is investigating the rupture rate of the gel gel implants given to tens of thousands of women in France.
Welsh Labour is "fighting for Wales in Westminster and taking on the Tories' appalling treatment of our nation", the party's Welsh leader has told its annual conference in Cardiff Bay in a speech to its annual general meeting in the city centre on Sunday night and Monday morning.
Portugal has become the first nation in 20 years to win the Eurovision Song Contest, with a song in the Portuguese language that has never before made it to the final in Kiev, Ukraine, where it was voted the best in the competition's 22-year history.
Four Gloucestershire councillors have been filmed nodding off during a critical meeting of the county council, the BBC has learned from a film by the BBC Newsnight website, which was broadcast live on its website and social media channels on the BBC One website."It's most unfortunate," said the chairman of the authority.
Italy's Francesco Molinari won his first European Tour title by beating Paul Dunne in a play-off at the Open de France at Le Golf National in Paris.Â£1.5m was the final prize for the tournament after a dramatic final round.
A record number of migratory birds have flocked to the Isle of Tiree for the second year in a row, according to conservationists.Â£1.5m worth of bird seed has been found on the Hebridean island, it has been revealed.
Papers in China have warned the Trump administration that any attempt to block access to disputed islands in the South China Sea would be "disastrous" and "set a course for devastating confrontation" with the US, state-run media say.Â£1.5bn-worth of offshore islands built by China could be blocked by the US under a new US administration.
French police have called off a major hunt for a big cat that sparked a major alert in the south-east of the country after paw prints were found near a motorway service station and a service station near the Disneyland Paris theme park, reports say, but say it is unlikely to be a wolf.
Six people have been arrested in the UK as part of an international investigation into the illegal use of malicious software to spy on people using their own webcams, the National Crime Agency has said, with the arrest of three people in Leeds and two others in Liverpool.
Fifa has confirmed that an independent chairman will not be appointed to lead the reform taskforce set up to examine corruption at world football's world governing body, despite earlier suggestions otherwise, BBC Sport has learned from a spokesman for the man who was expected to take the post.
A comic book adapted for the 2004 film version of It has won the Waterstones Children's Book of the Year award for a first-time author, Nicky Solomons, for her comic book about a young boy who gets super powers to help save the world.
Paediatricians at Eastbourne Hospital have said they are "devastated" at the prospect of having to travel to neighbouring Hastings to see specialist doctors due to a staffing crisis at the seaside resort.Â£1m cuts could mean more children will have to make long distance journeys to see a specialist.
Guinea has become the first country in West Africa to be declared free of the deadly Ebola virus after more than two years of fighting the deadly disease, the country's government has said in a statement on its official website, as the country marks the anniversary of the end of the epidemic.
MPs are to debate a petition calling for US presidential hopeful Donald Trump to be banned from entering the UK, the Commons petitions committee has said, amid growing pressure to stop him entering the United States to run for the White House in the 2016 presidential election in his home country.
A 17th Century painting of the Crucifixion by Sir Thomas Browne has been saved after a campaign to save it raised more than £3.5m in a year-long auction.Â£1m has been secured for the National Trust and the National Heritage Memorial Fund.
Phil Gartside, the former chairman of Bolton Wanderers, has died at the age of 74.Bolton Wanderers have confirmed he has died of a heart attack, his family has confirmed.Â£1.5m in debts have been confirmed by the club.
A pilot has been taken to hospital after his light aircraft crashed into a bungalow in Lincolnshire, narrowly avoiding hitting a tanker driver and the occupant of the house he was trying to land in, fire crews have said, saying it was a "miraculous escape".
Leeds boss Stuart McCall says he was "close to clocking a couple" of Millwall fans who invaded the pitch to confront his players after their defeat by the Lions on New Year's Day.Â£10,000 worth of damage caused by the pitch invasion is "nonsense", according to the Whites boss.
The next stage of talks between the Scottish and UK governments and the House of Lords on the fiscal framework for Scotland's new tax powers has been delayed until after the Holyrood election.The Scottish government has said it is "optimistic" a deal can be reached by the end of February.
A Palestinian court has ordered the postponement of parliamentary elections due to take place in the occupied West Bank on Sunday, which were due to be held a day earlier.The Islamist movement Hamas has accused Fatah of trying to "rescue" its political rival.
Nigeria's former National Security Adviser Samisa Dasuki Dasuki has been arrested in connection with an arms deal worth $2bn (£1.8bn) allegedly worth of fake money, his lawyer has said, a day after he was placed under house arrest.
Scotland assistant coach Dougie Haig believes Georgia have "outgrown" the Tier Two system, and are calling for an expansion of the Six Nations to include the Lelos at the World Cup in Japan in November, and a promotion/relegation play-off to replace the current format.
Police have paid tribute to a 70-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire, saying she was a "much-loved and much-liked character".Â£10,000 in savings have been made by her family in memory of her.
An actress from northern Nigeria has been banned from the country's film industry after she was caught on camera holding hands with a man she did not know in a film she had made, it has been reported by the BBC's Isa Sanusi from the capital, Abuja.
UK house prices rose faster in England than in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland in the past year, official figures show, but fell in the rest of the country.Â£1.5bn is still too much to spend on a home, according to the Office for National Statistics.
Former Israeli President Shimon Peres has died at the age of 93, the country's president and founding father has said, a day after he was admitted to hospital with a brain haemorrhage.Israel's prime minister has led tributes from around the world to the "dear friend".
A new piece of art is to be created to commemorate the life and work of a poet from the Highlands who lived in 1714.Â£5,000 is to go towards the creation of a wall hanging to commemorate his work in his home town in Aberdeenshire.
Mamadou Toumani Toure, 25, is dancing with his friends in the Malian city of Timbuktu, a few days after Islamist militants were driven out of the city by the French-led military operation in Mali's northern city of Bamako.
A Dyfed-Powys Police officer has been cleared of assaulting a man in a street attack in the town of Penrhyndeudraeth, Gwynedd, two years ago, a court has heard on Wednesday night, after the case against him was dropped.
A young girl was seriously injured when she was bitten on the face by a police dog in a prison, the Ministry of Justice has said, but refused to say how long it took for the attack to take place or what it was for the dog to be put down.
In the middle of nowhere in the south-west of Chile, a small community called Pena Blanca sits on a hillside surrounded by a cloud bank of tiny droplets of water droplets, which look like rain but do not actually fall as rain at all.
Police Scotland has admitted it does not have a clear record of child sexual exploitation in Scotland, despite being at the forefront of efforts to tackle the problem.The BBC has learned that the force does not yet record child sex abuse per se.Â£1.5m has been spent on tackling such crimes in Scotland.
A man who collected memorabilia from all walks of life, including a pair of Queen Victoria's knickers, has died at his home in Jersey after a long battle with Alzheimer's disease, his friends have said in a Facebook tribute to the "amazingly generous" man.
The government's counter-terrorism strategy has become a "toxic brand" for the Muslim community, a former senior police officer has told BBC Radio 4's Today programme, saying it is "less and less trusted" over the years and has become "a toxic brand" in the community.
Great Britain's men's and women's handball teams missed out on a place in the Olympic Games finals in Rio after losing their opening three matches in the European Championships in the Netherlands on Saturday.Â£1.5m of funding has been withdrawn from the British Handball Association.
Shares of Japanese carmaker Toyota have recovered some of Thursday's losses and ended the day 1.2% higher on Friday, recovering some of the losses they suffered on Thursday and ending the week with a loss of more than 7%.Â£1bn in market value has been wiped off the value of its shares.
Britain has returned to Libya for the first time since the overthrow of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi in 2011, with a message that it is ready to support the country's new UN-backed government, but not yet ready to commit to any kind of long-term role.
George Clooney's plans to install high-tech CCTV cameras at his home in Oxfordshire have been criticised by a parish council over fears it would be a "visual intrusion" on nearby residents.Â£1m plans for the property have been recommended for planning permission.
On 8 June voters across the UK will go to the polls to choose MPs to represent their constituencies in the general election, and we'll be bringing you all the details of how the parties plan to spend their time and money. Here's how to follow all the news from the 2015 General Election.
The chief constable of the PSNI has said a UK exit from the European Union would be "probably doable" but would be slower, complicated and more costly for the police in Northern Ireland, a committee of MPs has been told by a senior officer.
Nigeria coach Stephen Keshi has signed a new two-year contract with the Super Eagles, which will keep him in charge until the end of the 2018 World Cup in Russia in June 2018, BBC Sport has learned from the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF).
England's hopes of winning a first World Twenty20 title suffered a major setback as they were comprehensively beaten by South Africa in the second Twenty20 in the final match of their tour of the South African city of Cape Town on Sunday.Â£1.5m in prize money was awarded to the hosts for the series.
Lille midfielder Yannick Bissouma has signed a new three-year contract with the French Ligue 1 club, keeping him at the club until 2019.Â£1.5m (2.5 million euros) for the 2018-19 season.
Thousands of people have gathered in Leicester to celebrate Diwali, the Hindu festival of lights, with street parties and street parties taking place in the city centre on the eve of the festival's annual switch-on ceremony and firework display in Cossington Park.
South Africa's anti-doping laboratory in Bloemfontein has had its accreditation revoked by the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada), the body has said in a letter to the country's sports minister and sports minister (SAS).
A Channel Islands lifeboat crew member has resigned after claims he was "bullied" by the RNLI, the charity has said in a statement to BBC News Channel 5 live on Friday night, hours after the station was taken out of service for the first time in its history.
Virat Kohli's India team will be under intense scrutiny when they take on Pakistan in Sunday's Champions Trophy final at The Oval, but he will not be the only one in the world who will be feeling the pain of defeat at the end of the tournament.
No charges will be brought against a vicar accused of indecently assaulting a teenage girl, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.There is "insufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of conviction", the force has said in a statement.
Talks aimed at averting further strike action by Wood Group workers in the North Sea have been adjourned until next week, it has been announced.Â£1m worth of talks are to be held next week in a bid to resolve a dispute over pay and conditions.
Essex's batsmen struggled on day one of their County Championship Division Two match against Gloucestershire at Chelmsford, with only two players making half-centuries for the Division Two leaders at the Ageas Bowl on a rain-hit first day.
A man who posed as a Polish national to rob a bank before ordering a taxi driver to hand over cash in a fake bomb threat has been told he faces a jail term for his crime.Â£10,000 worth of fake explosives were found in his holdall, a court has heard.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has appointed the woman who led an inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in the party to the House of Lords as a peer, despite criticism from the UK's Chief Rabbi and other Jewish groups, including the Board of Deputies of British Jews.
When I first met Craig Wright at his London office, I was a little taken aback by his lack of enthusiasm for the idea that he might be the man who invented the virtual currency Bitcoin - but then he warmed up a little bit when we arrived at his house for a meeting.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with causing death by dangerous driving after a man was killed in a hit-and-run crash in Salford, Greater Manchester, police have said in a press release from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS).
Plans for a shake-up of maternity services in north Wales have been put out to public consultation after a legal challenge blocked a plan to scrap maternity care at a Denbighshire hospital last year.Â£500,000 of public money has been earmarked for the service.
The cyber-attack that hit the NHS and other organisations in May may have been ordered by North Korea, according to an assessment by UK intelligence officials who say they have identified the hackers who carried out the global ransomware attack in which more than 150,000 computers were locked.
A new team of officers is being set up in Powys to deal with complaints about estate agents following the collapse of the Office of Fair Trading (OFT) in England and Wales, BBC Wales has learned.Â£1m a year will be spent by the county council to run its own trading standards department.
They are Britain's most decorated Olympians, they are the most decorated British couple ever, and they have won two gold medals at the same Games, but what makes them so special is that they are both so ordinary, so ordinary - and yet they are so extraordinary.
A new report by Human Rights Watch (HRW) has cast doubt on allegations that Syrian government forces tortured and killed more than 6,000 people in detention and military hospitals during the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad's rule.The group says it has identified 27 victims whose cases it says it verified.
The Northern Ireland secretary has been criticised for failing to take his seat when the Irish national anthem was played at the McKenna Cup final at Croke Park on Saturday night, BBC News NI has learned from the Irish language service, the Irish National Television (INTV).
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) has opened disciplinary proceedings against a match official who appeared to hit Al Merreikh team-mate Otogo Otogo-Castane on the head with his elbow during a pitch invasion in South Sudan's capital Khartoum.
On the wall of the Republican headquarters in Washington DC, a large banner hangs in the centre of the room, emblazoned with the word "Jobs" in big bold letters, the party's slogan for the general election campaign, and the slogan of the campaign itself.
Gaia Vince is the winner of this year's Royal Society Winton Prize for literature for her book about the impact of human activity on the Earth on the past, present, and future of the planet.Â£25,000 prize for the best book of the year goes to the winner, Gaia Vince.
Thousands of anti-government protesters in the Thai capital, Bangkok, have blocked major roads in a bid to force the government to step down and allow elections to be held on 2 February, two months earlier than originally planned, the BBC has been told by the government.
A man has been charged after a 90-year-old woman was run over and seriously injured in a suspected hit-and-run incident in Greater Manchester, police have said, leaving her in a critical condition in hospital with "life-changing" injuries.
The Scottish government has been told it will not be able to devolve Air Passenger Duty (APD) to Scotland at the moment, despite calls for the tax to be devolved to the Scottish Parliament for the first time, BBC Scotland can reveal later this week.
Wales coach Robin McBryde will take charge of the national team for the summer tour of New Zealand."Another exciting opportunity" to lead the national side, says the 53-year-old ahead of his return to the role at the end of the 2017-18 season.
Islamic State (IS) militants have blown up an ancient Christian monastery in Iraq, satellite images have shown, Iraqi security sources and experts have said, according to US-based satellite images seen by the BBC and the AP news agency.The ancient site was destroyed by the jihadist group.
The risk of suicide among ex-servicemen and women serving in the armed forces is similar to that of non-veterans, according to a new study of more than 150,000 veterans. However, there is a slightly higher risk among those who leave the military in later life.
Nearly 1.2 million older people in England are not getting the care they need because of cuts to local authority budgets, a charity has said in a new report on the state of the social care system in England and Wales in the past five years, a rise of 48%.
England captain Eoin Morgan is a "world-class player" despite criticism from Geoffrey Boycott, according to James Anderson, who says he is "hopeful" the batsman can find some form at the World Cup in Australia this week."We know how destructive he is when he's in form," says James Anderson.
A mansion which inspired the story of Peter Pan has been given a new lease of life as a centre for children's literature and a national centre for storytelling and storytelling after a six-year battle to save it from the bulldozers and vandals.Â£5m has finally been secured to transform it into a visitor attraction.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliad yng Nghymru ar draws y byd yn y llwyfan byd-eang.
The Liberal Democrats, UKIP and the Green Party have claimed too many people in the NHS are trying to "protect their own budgets" as part of a "crippling privatisation" of health care in the area they are standing in the general election in May.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline has been fined £37.6m by the UK's competition watchdog for allegedly stifling competition in the drug market.The company has been ordered to pay £7.4m in fines to five rival drugmakers.
The founder of AC Milan football club is to be honoured in his home town of Nottingham, a Nottinghamshire-based writer has said.Â£50,000 has been raised to pay tribute to the man who founded the Italian football club.Â© BBC News
A case of bird flu has been confirmed at a farm in Lancashire, the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) has confirmed to Public Health England (PHE) and the Food Standards Agency (FSA) has said it poses a "very low" risk to humans.
Two men have been airlifted to hospital after being hit by a van on a dual carriageway in Devon, police have said, as a third man was injured in a separate incident on the same road in the same area of the county, also being treated by paramedics.
A US Secret Service employee with a gun was allowed to board a lift with President Barack Obama in a government building, according to US media reports, but was then fired when he was confronted by his supervisors, the Washington Post has reported, citing a whistleblower.The incident was caught on camera.
Mae'r Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Ynys Môn wedi cael ei gynllun rheoli trafnidiaeth y cytunwyd arno ar y cyd efo'r gwasanaethau brys a'r cyngor sir.
Myanmar's former speaker of parliament Shwe Mann has met with the country's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi to discuss possible co-operation ahead of elections next month, the BBC has learned from his office in the capital, Naypyidaw.
No charges will be brought against the Cheshire Forest Hunt after an investigation into a "horrific" hunt, the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has said.Campaigners have called for changes to the Hunting Act after it emerged no-one will be prosecuted over the incident.
US House Speaker John Boehner has announced that he will resign from Congress at the end of the month after more than two decades in the job, after a series of tearful moments in the US House of Representatives, including one of his most famous crying fits of the past few weeks.
It's been more than a decade since Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi made his first trip to Silicon Valley, the birthplace of many of the world's most important technology companies, and, for many, it's been a dream he's longed to visit ever since he took office.
Sports Direct chairman Keith Hellawell has hit back at the company's critics, saying the "extreme political, union and media campaign" has "damaged" its reputation and "affected negatively on the morale" of its people, in a blistering statement on its results.
Two Canadian citizens have been detained in China for allegedly trying to smuggle drugs into the country, according to local media reports from the Chinese capital, Beijing, and the Canadian government has said it is working to repatriate them home to Canada "rapidly".
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests - one of whom is a former Stoke City fan himself - in a bid to win the BBC Sport Predictor game. Click here to find out who he is pitting against.
The US has said it will support the Libyan government in its bid to arm its new UN-backed government to fight so-called Islamic State (IS) and other militant groups, at a meeting of the UN Security Council's emergency committee on the conflict in the country.
The former treasurer of Spain's governing Popular Party (PP) is due to be questioned by anti-corruption prosecutors over allegations of illegal payments to the party's top politicians, Spanish media report, amid growing public anger at allegations of corruption in the ruling party's ruling coalition.
India's Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and his Bangladeshi counterpart Sheikh Hasina have failed to reach agreement on key issues during his visit to Dhaka, India's foreign ministry says, but did agree to extend trade and trade concessions to the two countries.
A former pub landlord has been jailed for sexually abusing a police officer who thought he was dead after finding his name in the obituary of his abuser's former employer on an internet search engine, a court has heard, almost 40 years after he was first told he had died.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing Zlatan Ibrahimovic as he prepares for his side's Premier League trip to Everton on Saturday, despite the striker's interest in a move to the Gunners in the summer, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Four foreign tourists who stripped naked on a Malaysian mountain and urinated on a sacred site have been sentenced to jail terms in a case that has caused outrage in the country and sparked international media coverage.Â£1m fines have been imposed on them, a court has heard.
Finding Dory has held on to the top of the UK box office for a second week in a row as it held off competition from Suicide Squad and War Dogs to top the box office in its first week of release in the UK and Ireland.Â£1m-a-week box office takings.
The proportion of women giving birth by Caesarean section in the UK is higher than in most other European Union countries, a study has suggested, but there are huge variations in the rates in other countries.The use of Caesares is increasing, according to a study by researchers.
The chief executive of a Cheshire council has been suspended after allegations of gross misconduct were made against him, the authority has confirmed to BBC Cheshire's Victoria Derbyshire news website, which first reported the suspension on Monday.Â£2,000 of public money has been spent by the authority on the suspension.
Great Britain Taekwondo has been awarded the right to host the 2017 World Taekfighting Championships in Manchester after winning the bid to stage the event in the UK city next year.Â£1.5m will be invested in the sport by Great Britain's bid team.
Atletico Madrid coach Diego Simeone has signed a new five-year contract with the Spanish club, keeping him at the Vicente Calderon until 2021."Nobody embodies the values of our club more so than I," says the Atletico Madrid president Enrique Cerezo.
Mae'r cyngor yn dweud bod cwymp yn nifer y disgyblion sy'n astudio trwy gyfrwng y Gymraeg yn yr ysgol yn Ysgol Gynradd y Bannau ar hyn o bryd yn cael eu cynnig, yn ôl un o fydd yng Nghymru.
Welshman Mark Williams is the only Welshman guaranteed a place in the first round of qualifying for the World Snooker Championship, which starts on 15 April after missing out on a first-round berth.Â£1.5m prize money will be awarded to the winner of the World Championship.
Three people have been charged after a protest against plans to expand Heathrow Airport was held in the early hours of the morning, the Metropolitan Police have said in a press release on the force's Facebook page.Â£10,000 fine has been imposed on two men and a woman.
Anthony Scaramucci, known as "The Mooch", has been fired by President Donald Trump after less than a month in the job, the White House has said, amid reports that he was under consideration for a $100,000-a-day job.
Charlton Athletic have released midfielder Karim Ghoochannejhad and defender Fabio Motta, both by mutual consent, following their relegation from the Championship to League One this season.The Addicks have offered new deals to five players, including striker Karim Motta and defender Ali Ghahrejhad.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who had sex with two women he met while on duty has been jailed for misconduct in public office and perverting the course of justice.Â£20,000 worth of damage has been caused to the reputation of the police service.
Fleetwood Mac have been announced as the headline act for this year's Isle of Wight Festival, which takes place from 14 June to 18 July in Solihull, Solitude, the Isle of Mullingar, County Londonderry and Wirral.
US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden is not planning to leave Russia, his lawyer has said, contradicting earlier reports that he had handed over travel documents he needed to leave the airport where he is being held in Moscow.The White House says it wants clarity from Moscow on his status.
Norwich City assistant manager Danny Money has left the Championship club by mutual consent after just one game in charge of the Norwich City first-team squad in the 2017-18 Championship season, reports BBC Radio Norfolk.Â£500,000 has been paid to his agent for his departure.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has warned Israel against opening a "second front" in the conflict in Syria, saying the Syrian army and its allies "have no time for a second front" to "save their own state", Israel's prime minister has told the BBC.
A kayaker is missing after his boat capsized on a river in Surrey, prompting a major search operation to try to find his body and find his family and friends who jumped into the water to try and save him, police have said, but they have not been able to reach him.
A fountain in memory of the Czechoslovak soldiers who carried out a daring World War Two mission to assassinate a Nazi boss is to be restored after a £10,000 appeal to raise money to pay for it to go on display in a Warwickshire park.
A charity has raised more than £30m for a year-long cultural festival and arts festival in Hull to celebrate the city's year as a "Northern Powerhouse" in the UK's north-east and the "Northern powerhouse" of the world over the next 12 months.
South Yorkshire Police Chief Constable David Crompton has been suspended after the Hillsborough inquests found the force's handling of the disaster was "catastrophic" and "shameful" in the wake of the report's findings, the BBC has learned from the force.
Austria has announced a sharp cut in the number of asylum-seekers it accepts, as the EU prepares to share the burden of the influx from the war-torn Middle East and Africa with other EU states in the coming months, and steps up controls at its borders.
Investigators looking into the downing of Malaysia Airlines flight MH17 in eastern Ukraine say they have found parts of a surface-to-air missile system that were seized during a previous recovery mission in the region in 2014.They say they are "very concerned" about the discovery of the parts.
A convicted child sex offender was refused permission to become a foster carer because of concerns about his "many grooming behaviours", a report has revealed, it has been claimed in a secret report seen by the BBC Newsnight investigation into the case.A council has said it is "unfair" a report was made public despite advice not to.
A six-year-old girl with leukaemia has been given the all-clear to return to the UK for a bone marrow transplant, her mother has said after pioneering treatment in Seattle, USA, has made her "running around like any other six year old".
Fossils of the first pine trees have been found in Canada, shedding new light on the tree's early history as a fire-battling tree, according to scientists who discovered them in an acid-drilling laboratory.Â£1.5m worth of fossils have been discovered.
Concerns about the amount of sand and shingle that will form part of a £22m beach recharge scheme in Essex have been dismissed by the council's chief executive as "ridiculous", a councillor has said in a bid to avoid a row over the project.
Antonio Conte is back at the top of the Premier League table as Chelsea return to winning ways with victory over Tottenham at Stamford Bridge on Saturday - but how is he managing to balance his passion on and off the touchline with the business of running a club?
Great Britain's Jack Burnell won the men's 100m backstroke title at the British Swimming Championships in London for the first time since his Olympic Games gold medal in Rio last summer.Â£10,000 prize money of £5,000 was awarded to the winner.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has been sworn in for the first time since last week's election, with Sinn Féin's Martin McGuinness calling it a "huge mistake" for the Ulster Unionist leader to announce his party will not be part of the Stormont Executive.
Hartlepool United have signed Sunderland midfielder Jordan Nelson and Plymouth Argyle striker Ryan Rooney on loan. Both clubs have confirmed the deals have been completed by mutual consent on deadline day, with both clubs having agreed a fee in the region of £300,000.
Aston Villa and Leicester City have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association for failing to control their players during their Premier League game at Villa Park on 1 March, which ended in an FA Cup fifth-round tie between the two sides on penalties.
Three women have been arrested after a pupil was seriously injured in a swimming pool at a state-run boarding school, police have confirmed to BBC Leicestershire's Victoria Derbyshire news website, leaving him with "life-threatening" injuries, it has emerged.
Emma Croker will make her first start of the Women's Six Nations for England in Saturday's game against Ireland after being named in the starting line-up for the first time in the competition's history on Friday night (15:00 GMT).Ireland have made three changes to the side that lost to France in their opening match.
A 34-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Thursday night, the PSNI has said.A priest has told the BBC how his wife tried to save his life when she arrived at the scene of the attack.
Debris from a wood near Loch Ness could be the source of the mysterious Loch Ness Monster, according to a conservation charity which manages the area's wetland and manages a popular Marvel Comics character, Groot, from the Guardians of the Galaxy comic book series, it has claimed.
The UK economy grew at its fastest pace for more than two years in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown, but manufacturing output fell for the first time in more than a year, while oil and gas output rose at the fastest pace since 2010.
A road in County Durham has been closed after a bridge was damaged by a landslip, causing the temporary closure of a major route into the county for the first time in more than 50 years, it has been confirmed by the county council and the council's engineering team.
Police in Mauritius have arrested one of the country's top footballers, Michael Leopold, after seizing heroin with an estimated street value of more than $2m (Â£1.5m) from his home.Â£12,000 worth of heroin has been seized, police have said.
Nico Rosberg took a dominant victory for Mercedes in the Hungarian Grand Prix as team-mate Lewis Hamilton fought back from pole position to finish second.The Briton's lead in the season-opening race was cut to just one point at the end of the race.
Artist Damien Hirst is to publish his first book, entitled The Life and Times of Damien, a memoir about his early life and career.Penguin Books has announced it will publish the book next year, following the success of Morrissey's memoir The Smithfield Boys.
Aberdeen chairman Peter Milne Mile has said the club remains committed to building a new stadium in the Highlands despite losing Â£1.4m in the year to June, despite being in a "challenging period" for Scottish football in recent months.
Two dogs left homeless after a motorcyclist died in a crash in Snowdonia have found a new home following a six-month search for a new family to look after them, an animal sanctuary has said, after being found a "brilliant" new home.
A man has been charged with causing the death of a six-year-old girl by dangerous driving after a multi-vehicle crash in which seven people were injured, including the girl's mother and her sister.Â£20,000 of insurance has been paid to the family of the girl.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who died after she was hit by a car following a crash with a car driven by a man who had been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder, Staffordshire Police have said.
Arsenal Ladies midfielder Nana Akwasi Onazi has signed a new five-year contract with the Women's Super League One club, keeping her at Emirates Stadium until 2021.Â£1.5m has been awarded to the player of the year for the second year running.
A gym and swimming pool complex in Cardiff which closed last month is to reopen in April after a £1.5m revamp, it has been announced by the city council and the owner of the leisure centre it shares with a gym in the city centre, the BBC understands.
Violinist Ennio Morricone has said he was flattered to work with director Quentin Tarantino, despite previously criticising the director's "violent and ghastly" films.The composer has revealed he is working on the soundtrack for the Hateful Eight, the next Tarantino film.
Efe Ambrose Dasaolu secured his place in the Great Britain men's 4x100m relay team for the Rio Olympics with a superb 9.93 seconds victory at the British Championships in Birmingham.Â£1.5m in prize money was paid to the winner of the men's 100m.
More than a quarter of children in Australia are living in poverty, according to a new report by a leading charity, with more than half of the population living below the official line and one in six children living on less than half the nation's median income, as the BBC's Mark Lowen reports.
A pharmaceutical firm is to invest £10m in a former Sanofi factory in Northamptonshire, creating up to 200 new jobs over the next three years, the company has announced in a bid to boost the local economy and the local council's science and healthcare sector.
Leicester Tigers have been taken over by new owner Steve Bates as they prepare to launch a new team for the 2017 season.Â£1.5m is to be invested in the club, with the majority of the money coming from the sale of the club's remaining shares.
A man has died following an incident at an industrial estate in Derbyshire, South Wales Police has said.A man's death is being treated as "unexplained", the force has said in a statement to BBC Wales' Newsround.Â£10,000 of CCTV footage has been released by police.
A woman charged with the murder of a three-month-old baby has been remanded in custody at the Antrim Mental Health Hospital on the grounds that she is a detained person under the Mental Health Act, a judge has been told in court.The health trust has agreed to allow her to remain there.
Police investigating the murder of a 50-year-old man have renewed their appeal for information a year after he was stabbed to death in a "ferocious attack" at his home on Christmas Eve last year, in what they described as an "unbearable heartache" for his family.
The use of unauthorised restraint techniques by private security guards on removal flights should be grounds for dismissal, a group of MPs has said in a report to the home affairs select committee for its findings on deportations from Heathrow Airport to Anglia and Gatwick Airport.
A researcher in South Africa has described how she has discovered the genetic basis of breast cancer, a disease that has claimed the lives of more than 100,000 people in the country since the 1970s and 80,000 more since the 1980s, in a new report.
People living with HIV should be offered antiretroviral drugs as soon as possible to reduce the risk of dying from Aids, a study suggests, in a move hailed as a "game-changer" in the fight against the virus.Â£1bn-worth of Aids could be saved by early treatment, say experts.
Carrick Rangers have signed former Crusaders player David McAllister on a one-year deal after he was released by the Irish Premiership club earlier this month, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is not offered a new deal.
Farmers in England will be able to manage their own drainage ditches for the first time under new government plans to tackle flooding, it has been announced in the autumn, but experts have warned it could lead to more waterlogged fields and increase the risk of flooding downstream.
A man dubbed the "Fred Flintstone" has won the title of Europe's Strongest Man at the BBC Strongman World Cup, which is held every year on the theme of the 1980s children's TV series The Flintstone family drama, The Flintstones.
Holidaymakers are being conned out of millions of pounds by scammers who conned them out of money to pay for fake flights and accommodation, according to a report by Action Fraud, the UK's national fraud prevention group, and travel trade body Abta.
Ofsted inspectors have raised concerns about a number of private Muslim and Christian schools, including a lack of respect for women and "inappropriate" books for children of different faiths and religious beliefs, the education watchdog says in a letter to the education secretary, which is to be sent to the government.
Worcestershire have re-signed Australia all-rounder Mitch Santner for the 2017 T20 Blast season after he left the county with a broken finger."Unfinished business" is the reason behind the decision to re-sign him, says the county.
West Ham Ladies have signed a new five-year deal with the club, which will see them join the FA Women's Premier League for the first time in 2017-18 and run the club's academy for the next three years.Â£500,000 will be invested in the women's team.
Drama school tuition fees and a lack of diversity in the industry are contributing to a "diversity crisis" on our stages and screens, a Labour-commissioned report has said.The government has been urged to do more to encourage young people to consider a career in the arts.
Southampton booked their place in the EFL Cup third round with a comfortable win over Crystal Palace at St Mary's Stadium to progress to the fourth round for the first time in six years and end the Eagles' 100% start to the campaign in the top flight.
Former Al Ahli boss Michael O'Leary has won his claim for unfair dismissal against his former club, the Football Association of Ireland (FA), after Fifa rejected his case.Â£1.5m compensation claim against the club has been settled out of court.
Former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks and ex-News International boss Andy Coulson have pleaded not guilty to general conspiracy to unlawfully intercept communications in the phone-hacking scandal.A provisional trial date has been set for the trial of the six men accused of phone hacking.
Twenty-six Italian athletes have been charged with failing drugs tests by the country's anti-doping agency, the Italian Olympic Committee (AOC) has said in a statement to the BBC Sport website on Monday night, including two Olympic medallists and a world long jump champion.
A man who bombarded his ex-partner with abusive messages and set her car on fire after she rejected him has been jailed for four years.Â£10,000 worth of damage caused to her car and home has also been ordered to pay £5,000 in costs.
Mexican footballer Alex Pulido, who was kidnapped in the north-eastern state of Tamaulipas, fought his way out of the house where he was being held and called an emergency number to report his abduction, Mexican officials say, according to local media.
Leicester City's poor start to the season continued as they were beaten by Bournemouth at Vitality Stadium to drop to the bottom of the Premier League table for the first time this season and extend their winless away run to eight games in all competitions.
The French Football Federation is to appeal against the suspension of Uefa president Michel Platini from football's world governing body Fifa, which is investigating his alleged role in corruption at world football's governing body, Conmebol, and his alleged payment to Platini.
The airline Monarch has said it is operating "as normal" and that it expects to make more than Â£40m in underlying earnings by the end of its financial year, despite reports that it is in talks with the airline regulator about its financial situation.
Plans to create a new police and crime authority in the Cotswolds could "signal the end" of the county's police force, it has been claimed.Â£1.5m plans for a unitary authority could see officers from across the county join forces, the BBC has learned.
A council has said it will need to make £134m of cuts by 2019 to avoid going "bankrupt", three years after it warned it would be on the brink of insolvency if it did not make the cuts by the end of the current financial year.
Goldman Sachs is changing the way it recruits college students in a bid to find the next Lloyd Blankfein and other high-powered Wall Street heavyweights to work at the firm, the firm has announced in a filing to the New York Stock Exchange (Nasdaq).
Liverpool moved to the top of the Premier League as they came from behind to beat Leicester in front of a sell-out Anfield crowd for the first time in 39 years and move to within two points of leaders Manchester City.Â£75m signing Islam Slimani made his first appearance for the Foxes.
Gloucester reached the European Challenge Cup final for the second successive season with a hard-fought win over La Rochelle in the semi-final first leg at the Stade Gilbert Brutus in Lille on Saturday.Â£1.5m will be paid to the winner of the French side's final.
A New Zealand couple have married in a traditional Pastafarian ceremony in what is believed to be the first such ceremony of its kind in the world, despite the belief that humans are descended from pirates, reports the BBC's Tom Daley in Christchurch, New Zealand.
The US Department of Justice (DOJ) has charged four alleged members of Russia's security services with hacking into Yahoo's email system and stealing the personal data of more than 500 million Yahoo users in a massive data breach in 2014, US officials say in a press release.
The Football Supporters' Federation (FSF) has called on clubs to set up an in-house ticket exchange service after a BBC investigation found illegal ticket sales were being carried out by some third parties in England and Wales for up to £1,000 per ticket.
A fresh batch of emails belonging to the chief executive of the infidelity dating website Ashley Madison has been released in a hack attack that appears to have targeted the site's entire user base, according to security experts and security firms investigating the data leak, the BBC has learned.
The population of Northern Ireland is predicted to rise by 1.1 million between mid-2014 and mid-2034, with the largest rise predicted in Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon, according to official estimates.The population is expected to rise in Derry City and Strabane by more than 2,000 people.
Conor Thomas scored a late winner as Swindon Town beat Millwall at the County Ground to move to within three points of the League One play-off places with one game to go at the top of the table.Â£1.5m Millwall remain in the relegation zone after being held to a goalless draw by the Robins.
Police investigating the disappearance of a man whose body was found in a burnt-out car have launched a national appeal for information about his disappearance, nearly two months after he was reported missing by his family and later found dead in the back of his car.Â£10,000 has been raised for his family.
Drivers have been warned about the dangers of delivering wind turbine parts on to country roads in the south west of Scotland, after a lorry and its cargo ended up in a ditch in the middle of a ditch on a busy stretch of the A713 in south west Scotland.
Artificial intelligence (AI) has been trained to spot the most common type of skin cancer, a team of researchers has claimed, in a study that shows it is "on par" with trained dermatologists in diagnosing the disease's most deadly form of tumour.
Manchester United goalkeeper David De Gea will not start against Tottenham on Saturday because he is "not capable" of doing his " utmost best", says manager Louis van Gaal ahead of his side's Premier League opener against the Premier League's bottom club at Old Trafford.
Ex-Premier League footballer David Carlisle has been banned from driving for six months after he admitted drink-driving and failing to provide a breath sample.A judge has described him as a "danger to people" and said he was "in an extremely dark place in terms of his own life".
A major road in Somerset has reopened after being closed for more than a week due to flooding caused by Storm Desmond, the county council has said, with temporary traffic lights in place to help drivers pass safely on the carriageway as the road is cleared of debris.
A baby leopard has been released back into the wild in Carmarthenshire after being rescued by RSPCA staff following a search in the Vale of Glamorgan area of north Wales, where it was found in the early stages of an outbreak of the winter flu.
US talk show host Rosie O'Donnell has revealed she suffered a heart attack last week, which doctors say was caused by a "widow-maker" heart attack, but she did not call the emergency services or call 911 to report it until the next day.
Hundreds of people have attended Portsmouth's VJ Day commemorations at the city's war memorial on the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two in the Pacific island of Hanoi, it has been announced.Â£10,000 worth of commemorative wreaths have been laid in the city.
A funeral has been held for a boxer who died after suffering a head injury in a "one-punch" knockout punch at a mixed martial arts event last month.A priest has paid tribute to a "good man" whose "life was boxing" at a church service.
The first funerals have been held in the Brazilian town of Salgar, where dozens of people died in a landslide and flooding that hit the town of La Liboriana on Monday night and left dozens of families bereaved and many homeless, officials have said.
Venezuela and Cuba are locked in a bitter stand-off over the economic crisis that has gripped the two countries in recent years, and the BBC's Will Grant has been in Caracas to see how quickly things have deteriorated in the oil-rich South American neighbours.
A light above the Houses of Parliament is to be turned off for the first time in more than 100 years as part of major renovation work.The House of Commons is to shut off its main light for the next four years, it has been announced, because of safety concerns.
Barcelona boss Luis Enrique says his side deserved to beat Real Madrid, despite being held to a 1-1 draw at the Nou Camp by Luka Modric's equaliser in the La Liga title race on Sunday."We have to improve in all aspects of the game," says the Barca boss.
A huntsman has told a court he was present when a fox was shot and wounded at a hunt in the Scottish Borders, despite claims to the contrary by animal rights activists.Â£10,000 of legal fees have been paid to a hunting group for failing to film the hunt.
A fraudster who defrauded his former employers out of more than £100,000 has been ordered to pay back £115,000 to them as a "gross and serious breach of trust" in a court case in Cardiff, a judge has said.
It's not every day you hear about a wine ban from the European Union, but that's exactly what Russia has been considering for the past few days - a ban on the sale of wine made in the EU, cheese and dairy products, among other products, from Russia.
The family of a British man arrested in India have said they are "devastated" after a court hearing to decide if he will be allowed to return to the UK has been adjourned until next month, with the case against him adjourned.Â£10,000 in bail has been granted.
Nursing and midwifery vacancies in the Scottish NHS have reached record levels, according to the latest figures from the Institute of Directors for Scotland (ISD) and the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) in Edinburgh and Inverness (RCNS).
A father accused of murdering his six-year-old son punched him in the stomach after he banned him from playing on a games console, a court has been told by a witness.A defence barrister has questioned why a punch was not mentioned in a police report.
A former Royal Navy diver who carried out a search for the remains of HMS Coventry after it sank in the Falklands more than 30 years ago has visited the ship's sunken grave to mark the 35th anniversary of the disaster.Â£1m worth of items recovered from the wreck has been declared a war grave.
Seabed rights for two new wave demonstration sites off the coast of Pembrokeshire and Anglesey have been granted by the Crown Estate to allow them to be sub-letted to commercial developers for renewable energy projects, it has been announced.
Jockey AP McCoy said he was "very lucky" to finish his career in "one piece" as he was honoured with a hero's welcome at Cheltenham on his final appearance at the Festival of the Champion Horseracing Authority's Grand National meeting.
A judge has ruled that airlines must pay compensation to passengers who claim they were delayed by up to seven hours by technical problems, rather than three hours or more, in the case of Jet2, a year after the issue was raised in the European Court of Justice (ECJ).
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has said allegations that the US spied on her phone are "grave" and that "new trust" must be rebuilt between the two countries' two largest trading partners after the alleged bugging of her mobile phone and EU offices by the US.
Swansea City's Under-20s have won the EFL Trophy for the second year in a row after beating Reading in the final of the FA Youth Cup on Sunday.Â£1.5m was paid to the club's academy side for the trophy.
Plans to build a tunnel near Stonehenge could put the ancient monument "at risk", an MP has warned the government as he called for the road to be turned into a dual carriageway to be re-examined by the government.
Shadow home secretary Andy Burnham has said he is "very proud" to be in the Labour leadership contest but insists he has an "outside but realistic chance" of winning the contest.The BBC understands he will not be the next leader of the Labour Party.
The chancellor has refused to rule out cutting the top rate of income tax for people earning over £150,000, saying "you can judge us by what we say we want to do" - but David Cameron has said it is not in his party's plan.
The plight of Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority has been described as "one of the world's worst humanitarian crises" by the UN's human rights chief, Yanghee Lee, but it is not the first time the world has heard this kind of account of human suffering from the persecuted minority.
The inheritance tax (IHT) - or inheritance tax - is one of the most important parts of the UK's tax system, and one that most people will have to pay at least once in their lifetimes, if they die in the next few years.
Alliance Trust Savings has agreed to buy Dundee-based stockbroker Stocktrade as part of a plan to expand its financial services arm, the Alliance Trust Savings Group.Â£1.6bn-a-year savings business is being sold to Brewin Dolphin for an undisclosed sum.
The BBC is to launch 11 new languages on its World Service as part of a £289m investment to expand the service to include 40 new services by 2022."This is a historic day for the BBC," said Tony Hall, as he announced the biggest expansion of the service since the 1940s.
A man has been found guilty of masterminding a £1m car insurance fraud involving more than 200 people by staging car crashes with buses in Cheshire to make false claims for injuries and cover up the cost of the scam, police have said in a statement.
A Canadian man has described the "terrifying" moment he was caught up in a freak lightning strike at his son-in-law's wedding ceremony, just as he was about to congratulate him on becoming a father-of-three."It was like I was holding a lightning bolt in my hand," he said.
Children who play with a smartphone or tablet while asleep have a poorer night's sleep than those who do not, according to a study of more than 7,000 UK children aged between six months and three-and-a-half-years-old, researchers say.
Cornish Pirates scrum-half Laurence Pope, full-back Jack Moyle and centre Adam May have all signed new two-year deals with the club until the end of the 2017-18 season.Â£10,000 each will be paid to both Pope and May for their services this summer.
Two teenagers who died in a crash in Cumbria have been named as a teenager and her 18-year-old passenger.A third woman is in a critical condition in hospital after being airlifted to hospital following the collision.Police are appealing for witnesses.
Councils in Wales could be forced to stream their meetings online under plans being considered by the Welsh Government, it has been claimed by a Conservative AM and the Welsh Local Government Association (WLGA) and UKIP MEPs in the Welsh Assembly (WGDA).
Australia back-rower Kurtley Beale scored two tries as Wasps eased to victory over Bath to keep alive their hopes of a top-four finish in the Premiership and dent their opponents' hopes of reaching the play-off semi-finals in the process.
Newsround's Newsround reporter, Nikki, has been talking to Newsround about how she stays safe online and how she deals with bullying and abuse on a daily basis on social media sites like Facebook, Twitter and other sites like Snapchat and Vevo, for Safer Internet Day.
A warrant has been issued for the arrest of footballer Robert Snodgrass after he failed to appear in court in connection with a motoring offence in which a baby was allegedly in the arms of a passenger in the back seat of a car.Â£10,000 bail has been granted for his arrest.
A video has emerged of a man apparently handing over a laptop to a suspected suicide bomber on a Daallo Airlines flight that was blown up in Somalia last week, killing all 74 people on board, the airline has said in the Somali capital, Mogadishu.
Mauricio Macri's victory in Argentina's presidential election on Sunday night was a surprise to many, but it was a welcome surprise to the Argentine press as well, as it was to many of the people who live and work in Buenos Aires and the rest of the country.
The mother of a man accused of murdering a pensioner in a road rage attack has told a court she feared her son was involved in the attack after he called her to say he had done "something really wrong" and that he had killed someone "for the first time".
Shares in a fire-damaged pier are to be sold in a bid to raise £300,000 to help fund the restoration of the Grade II-listed structure in East Sussex, it has been announced.Â£100,000 has already been raised by the public.
Microsoft has been accused of violating privacy laws by accessing the email accounts of a blogger who posted code stolen from the firm's Hotmail service to his blog, Ars Technica reports, citing a legal case brought by a US court in the US against an ex-employee.
It would take 28 years to get the Welsh rail network up to a "prescribed standard", Transport Secretary Ken Skates has been told by Network Rail after he raised concerns about the level of maintenance work being carried out to clear leaves from the lines this autumn.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in County Londonderry in which three other people were injured, police have said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) on Wednesday afternoon (19:00 BST).The driver of one of the vehicles involved in the crash has been named by police as Paul McDonagh.
A statue of British colonialist Cecil Rhodes has been removed from the campus of South Africa's most prestigious university after a student protest led to its removal by the university's senate and its boarded-up removal to make way for a permanent move to a new building.
Newport County chairman Gareth Davies has criticised the club's director of football Graham Westley over his comments about the state of the Rodney Parade pitch at the League Two club's home ground on Thursday."He should concentrate on preparing his own side," says the Exiles boss.
GCSE results for Wales have shown the same results as last year, with just over half of pupils getting A* to C in English, according to the latest figures.The proportion of A*-to-C passes has fallen by 0.2% for the second year running.
East Midlands Airport is celebrating its 50th anniversary with a time capsule to mark the eventful year it has been 50 years since it was officially opened as a commercial aviation hub for the East Midlands and North East Midlands region and now handles more than 5,000 passengers a year.
Police hunting Britain's most-wanted fugitives have launched a fresh appeal for help to track down some of the country's most wanted fugitives in Tenerife, the Canary Islands and the Canary Wharf area of Madrid, as part of an international manhunt.
British number two Jamie Sears has been fined £10,000 (£7,500) by the International Tennis Federation (ITF) after making an expletive-laden outburst at Andy Murray's Wimbledon match on Saturday.Â£10,500 in fines for his behaviour in the build-up.
Boat owners have been warned not to disturb Jersey's coral reefs after a number of visitors from France and the Channel Islands set up a bonfire on one of the islands to mark the island's 70th anniversary.Â£10,000 worth of shells have been thrown into the sea by visitors.
People in Wrexham are being asked to suggest names for a new super-prison which will be built in the town after an MP raised concerns about it being named after the town's landmark railway station and the town centre in a letter to the Welsh government.
Forest Green Rovers have signed defender Mark Roberts from League Two rivals Cambridge United for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £1.5m, on a three-year deal, with the option of a further year at the National League club if he is offered a new deal.
A body has been recovered from the River Tawe in Cumbria after a man was pulled from the water following a search for a man who had got into difficulty in the water on the Cumbrian side of the river Cumbriane, police have said.
A three-week-old baby boy has died after being bitten by a dog in Gateshead, North Tyneside, police have said, in what is believed to have been a "tragic incident" involving the youngster's mother and the family's pet dog.
A man who claimed his dog chewed at his electronic ankle tag in an attempt to get him to go for a morning walk has been refused bail after a court was told there were no signs of teeth marks on the device and it would have taken up to 40kg to break it.
Sir Vince Cable has said he is "encouraged" by the government's plan to take a stake in Tata Steel's UK operations, saying it sends the "right message" to the south Wales steel industry and sends a "risky" message to potential bidders.
A man who uses a horse-drawn vehicle to get to McDonald's has said he will stay on the car park for up to six days to protest against the company's refusal to serve him in its drive-thru in Derbyshire, it has been claimed.
Valencia's winless run in La Liga extended to eight games as Marlos Sanabria's penalty gave Atletico Madrid victory at the Mestalla and left manager Gary Neville without a first league win in charge of the struggling Valencia side this season.Â£12m-rated Valencia.
A judge in Brazil has found a rancher guilty of the murder of an indigenous land rights activist in the Amazon rainforest who was shot dead for trying to stop him from taking land from a landowner's land grab in the region's Amazon rainforests.
Low-fat diets appear to be more effective at reducing body fat than a low-carb diet, say US scientists who have carried out a small-scale trial in the journal Endocrine Society Research journal Lancet Diabetes and Endocrinology (ENDS). However, experts are sceptical about the effectiveness of such diets.
Inspectors have said there are "substantial safety concerns" at a privately-run prison where violence and self-harm have been a problem for more than a year.The jail where a murder and six suicides have been reported is still overcrowded and understaffed.
Scotland's Laura Muir has been named in the Great Britain team for the European Indoor Championships in Serbia next month after setting two new European records in the build-up to the event in Belgrade last weekend.Â£10,000 prize money is to be split between her and four other athletes.
The future of the NHS in Wales will be "put at risk" if Labour wins the general election, the party has said, as the two main parties in the assembly debate on the issue said they would not privatise the service if they win power in May.
Hospitals across Scotland are spending an average of £3.18 per patient a day on food and drink, according to new figures obtained by BBC Scotland's Health Check Scotland programme, with some buying food from abroad and others from the UK market, it has been revealed.
Apple has said it expects revenue for the next three months to fall for the first time since the launch of the iPhone in 2007, as it reported flat sales of the device in the first three months of its financial year, sending its shares down 2.7% in after hours trading.
London-based financial trader Mark Sarao has appeared in court in London charged with making millions of pounds in illegal profits from a "flash crash" in the US stock market in 2010 that sent the Dow Jones index down sharply in a so-called 'flash crash'.
Great Britain's Davis Cup quarter-final tie against Argentina will be staged at the Aegon Arena in Birmingham next month, with the winner earning a place in the final of the tournament against France or Croatia at the O2 Arena in November. Find out more about the tournament here.
A Sydney airport worker has been sacked after Australian Foreign Minister Julie Bishop was subjected to a security check at the airport, the country's foreign ministry has confirmed to the BBC.The airport has said it will not be investigating the incident, despite a request from Australia's deputy prime minister.
A man has been taken to hospital after a drum exploded at an industrial estate in County Londonderry, the fire service has said, with the loss of one person's life.The cause of the explosion is being investigated by the health and safety executive.
A police inspector who "repeatedly lied" about his qualifications and made judgements in cases outside his remit has been cleared of misconduct and gross misconduct, two reports have concluded after a review of hundreds of his investigations.No action will be taken against him, it has emerged.
Somerset have re-signed South African all-rounder Riki van der Nerwe on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at Taunton until the end of the 2018 season.Â£1.5m is to be paid to the player's contract.
More than 1,000 people have been ordered to leave their homes in California as firefighters continue to battle a wildfire that has destroyed more than 100 homes and damaged hundreds of others in the northern part of the US state, officials have said, in the latest in a series of wildfires.
Aberdeen-based gas compressors manufacturer Vert Rotors has raised £3.5m in funding to expand its operations in the city and create five new jobs in the process, it has been announced in a press release from the company's founder.Â£1m of investment has been made in the company.
Bank of Scotland has become the first bank in the UK to introduce a plastic £5 note into circulation, with the launch of its new plastic £10 note on Thursday.Â£5 notes are due to go into circulation in Scotland on 27 October, it has been announced.
Middlesbrough missed the chance to move into the Championship play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw at home by Ipswich Town, who missed a number of chances to go top of the table as they missed the opportunity to move out of the relegation zone.
Chamari Athlete Dutee Chand was a star of the future when she "failed" a drugs test that would have made her an unlikely Olympic medallist, but her career was about to take a dramatic turn when she found out she was actually a man.
Irish police have seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than 1.5m euros (£1.1m) in a "significant" operation in the Republic of Ireland, the Irish police have said in a press conference on the operation's first day.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has accused the European Union of trying to "sleevelve and disappear" Israel's relationship with the West Bank-based Jewish state, in a speech to the leaders of four EU member states on Tuesday."It's crazy," he said.
A call to rename Cardiff Airport should be considered by AMs, according to a leading business figure who believes it should be renamed the National Memorial Arboretum and Museum of Wales in honour of the city's founder Thomas the Tank Engine, it has been claimed.
A man arrested over the murder of a woman who was stabbed to death in a field in Hampshire has been released on bail until Monday.Â£5,000 reward offered for information leading to the arrest of her killer has been offered by Crimestoppers, police have said.
UCI president Brian Cookson says he is "not trying to dodge any responsibility" for the way British Cycling is run, but has blamed UK Sport for any "lacking" in the organisation's ability to deal with the issues raised by a report into the culture of British cycling.
BBC Scotland will be hosting an election debate with six of Scotland's politicians on Thursday, 7 May at 19:30 BST on BBC One Scotland Scotland and BBC Radio Scotland Scotland (BBC Radio 5 live and online from 18:00 BST). Send in your questions to BBC Scotland via email or Twitter.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has accused the British media of a "caricature" of his country in a speech in London, on the first visit to the UK by a French prime minister since he took office earlier this month, as he visited the City of London.
The cost of weddings and funerals in the Church of England is set to rise by more than 20% from next year, it has been announced.Â£10,000 a year will be charged for the first time, the General Synod has decided.
Relatives of two World War One soldiers whose bodies were found in Belgium have attended a ceremony to mark the reinterment of their remains at a cemetery in the Belgian town where they were buried more than 100 years after they were killed on the battlefields of Ypres.
Mae'r DU wedi gwella cyfraddau goresgyn canser yng Nghymru yn cael eu feddygon ymweld â ganolfan ddiagnostig yn ardal Cwm Taf, yn ôl cynllun peilot yn canolfannau diagnostig.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi dweud yn darparu'r lefel gorau o sicrwydd cyfreithiol a gweinyddol gorau'r Undeb Ewropeaidd y DU yn cael eu diddymu neu eu holynu yn y dyfodol.
The Ministry of Defence has announced it will sell 13 military sites in England and Wales for £225m to help fund the building of up to 160,000 new homes for first-time buyers over the next five years, as part of a £1bn target for land sales.
Ten-man Dagenham & Redbridge were beaten by Wycombe Wanderers in League Two, despite being reduced to 10 men for the last 10 minutes of the game.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded by the Football League for Saturday's draw at The Hive.
Dawid Malan hit an unbeaten 66 on his England debut as they beat South Africa by eight wickets in the second Twenty20 international at Taunton to complete a 3-0 series win and seal a 3W series victory in the process with two games to spare.
A chameleon has been found dead in a park in Cardiff after being abandoned by its owners and then released back into the wild, RSPCA Cymru has said, calling for people to think twice before taking on an exotic animal for pets.Â£1,000 compensation has been offered to the family of the animal.
The organisers of T in the Park have announced improvements to the campsite layout and management for this year's event, which is due to attract more than 80,000 people to Scotland's largest outdoor music festival next month, after criticism of last year's staging.
A Chinese fishing boat has picked up two new pings in the search for missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370, Australian officials say, as HMS Echo and a British warship arrive in the southern part of the search zone for the missing plane's "black box" signal.
If you're suffering from depression, anxiety or any other mental health condition, it's easy to see why playing video games can make you feel anxious, anxious or depressed. But they can also help you feel better, according to a number of mental health experts.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past seven days, as the BBC looks back at the best of the year's entertainment news and entertainment news, with some of our favourite stories from the BBC News app for iPhone, iPad, Android and smart phones.
A man who died in a crash in the Scottish Borders has been described as a "genuine nice guy" who "loved all his players dearly" by his Wasps football club who will be doing a minute's applause at each of their matches this weekend.
Liverpool have completed the signing of Sunderland midfielder Jordan Henderson on a five-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months at the club if a further year is added to his current deal, subject to a medical and a work permit, reports BBC Radio Merseyside.
League One side Rochdale have signed Chelsea striker Michael Vaughan on loan until the end of the season after his loan spell at the Championship club was cut short by a month because of a hamstring injury.Â£500,000 has been spent on a permanent deal for the striker.
A man has died after being hit by a car in a hit-and-run crash in Gwynedd, North Wales Police have said.They are treating the death as "unexplained" and say they are treating it as a "vehicle-related accident".
If you want to know what a football club's story is all about, spare a thought for those who have never had the chance to watch it on the big screen... or watched it in the cinema... or even watched it on TV... or seen it on film.
The first football World Cup was held in India in 1958, with the country's then Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru leading the country to the final of the inaugural tournament in the then British cricket league, the Indian Premier League, and the first Indian team to play in the World Cup.
Gylfi Sigurdsson says Swansea City showed "good character" to come from behind to beat Aston Villa and end a run of three straight defeats."It was fantastic for the team," says the midfielder after the 2-1 win. "We put the pressure on ourselves."
Mick Fanning has won his first World Surf League title since the death of his brother Peter at the Pipeline Masters event in Hawaii on Wednesday night, but failed to defend his title on the final day of competition in the city where he began his career in 2015.
Dutch rider Dylan Groenewegen won the opening stage of the 2017 Tour de Yorkshire to take the overall lead in a sprint finish in the first time trial of the race's three-day event in North Yorkshire on Friday.Â£1.3m was spent on the race so far, organisers have said.
Greece is one of the most important countries in Europe, but it's currently in the middle of a huge financial crisis, which has caused a lot of people to be worried about their future. Newsround has been to Greece to find out what life is like for people there.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of possessing an imitation gun after a security alert in south London, the Met Police has said, which led to the evacuation of two blocks of flats in the city centre on Saturday afternoon and the arrest of a man in his 40s.
Fifa's annual congress in Zurich this week is a chance for world football's governing body to try to put the past behind it and move on to the next phase of its mission - to find a new way forward for the game in the wake of the corruption scandal engulfing world football.
An MP has accused HS2 bosses of abandoning plans to redevelop London's Euston railway station, saying it is the "worst of the lot" and "sets up decades of blight" for the area it will benefit most from the £1.5bn project.
Plans for more than 700 student accommodation units in Belfast city centre have been submitted to the city council.It is the latest development in a multi-million pound scheme to develop student accommodation in the north of the city centre in the next few years.Â£10m is being invested in the latest phase of the development.
The UK film industry spent an all-time high on film production last year, according to the British Film Institute (BFI) - the highest ever figure for a single year for the UK film and TV industry, it has been revealed in its annual report.
This year's BBC Proms will feature the work of more than 1,000 primary school pupils from across Wales, as part of a project to celebrate classical music and its importance to young people, the BBC has announced.The full details of this year's Proms have been announced.
British sprinter Greg Mitchell-Blake has become the first Briton to run under 20 seconds in the 200m at a major US college athletics event for 25 years, setting a new British record on the way to his first 200m A-standard world record.
Argentina reached the last 16 of the Under-20 World Cup in South Korea with a 4-0 win over Guinea-Bissau on Wednesday, while England also advanced to the knockout stage with a 1-0 victory over South Korea on the same day.
Six teenagers have been sentenced for carrying out a series of moped and carjackings, including one in which a moped rider was hit with a hammer as he tried to run away from a machete-wielding carjacker, a court heard.
Dundee's owner has confirmed that the club's new stadium will be built in the same street as the Dens Park ground where the club play home matches are played, in a bid to "enhance" the stadium.Â£1.5m of investment is being made in the ground.
Serena Williams became the first woman to win 23 Grand Slam singles titles with victory over sister Venus in the Australian Open final, beating her in straight sets to claim her 23rd Grand Slam crown in Melbourne on Saturday."I'm enormously proud of you," said Venus after her sister's record-equalling victory.
EastEnders actor Danny Dyer has been named best actor at the Tric Awards, which honour the best of the UK's best television and radio talent of the past 12 months and highlight the year's best of entertainment and current affairs TV and radio programmes.
Councillors are to meet later to discuss a number of projects being discussed as part of the Glasgow City Deal scheme, which will see billions of pounds of public money invested in local infrastructure projects in the city over the next few years, it has been announced.
The Green Party of Wales has launched its manifesto for the 2016 assembly election, promising to "cut out the exploitative middle man" in the energy sector and deliver a "green economy" for Wales.Â£1bn of investment will be made in communities across the country.
Plans have been drawn up to improve a park in Bristol which has been "worn out" over the last few years, according to its new owners Crown Estates, who bought it last year for more than Â£300m in a deal described as "one of the biggest property deals in the city's history".
Andy Coetzer says Scotland's one-day international series against Afghanistan in Edinburgh this week will be "huge" for the team's hopes of building on their success at the World Twenty20 in India earlier this year and building on the momentum they have built in the last 18 months.
The childhood home of John Lennon has been sold at auction for £250,000 - more than three times its guide price of £150,000.Â£10,000 less than it was expected to sell at auction, it has been revealed at auctioneers' estimates.
A World War One medal found in a Ceredigion field has been reunited with the family of a soldier who fought in the conflict after a 10-year hunt.Â£10,000 worth of metal detecting equipment has been donated to the National Memorial Arboretum in Swansea.
The mother of a man whose organs were kept by police for 23 years after he died has said she is "devastated" his body parts have not been returned to her son's family.More than 180 body parts could remain unaccounted for, the BBC has learned.
Peterborough United manager Grant McCann says he has never seen a "grown man cry like that" after his new signing Alex Danson broke his leg during pre-season training on Thursday.Â£20,000-rated Aston Villa trialist James Coppinger was ruled out for the rest of the season through injury.
Mainland Chinese shares have fallen for a second consecutive trading session, dragged down by a sharp sell-off in the banking sector and a rise in the value of the US dollar, which hit the country's main share index on Monday.Shares in Hong Kong and mainland China also fell.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) has withdrawn its central contract offer to fly-half Scott Williams, which would have kept him at Scarlets for the next three years, reports BBC Wales Sport's Dan Roisin Wylde-Davies on Sunday.Â£1.5m is to be paid to other Welsh regions to bid for the player.
A prison crane has been used to remove drugs which had become stuck on the roof of a high-security jail for more than a year.Â£20,000 worth of drugs have been removed from inside the building, it has been revealed to the BBC.
The families of two motorcyclists killed in a crash in Aberdeenshire have paid tribute to them saying they will be "long remembered for the laughter and the love they brought into our lives" and for their "love they had for each other" in their final moments.
Two ex-prison officers have found a way to help ex-offenders find work outside the jail where they spent most of their time in jail - by working in their former employer's printing shop in a bid to help them find a job outside the criminal justice system.
Mexican authorities have begun exhuming the remains of more than 100 bodies found in a mass grave in the northern state of Morelos, where the drug war has left thousands of people missing and many more feared dead in the country's worst-affected areas.
Rising temperatures are threatening the survival of some of the world's most vulnerable species, according to new research from the US and Australia.Â£1bn-worth of species could be at risk of extinction within the next century, scientists warn, because of climate change.
Plans for the M4 motorway around Newport have been described as "unlawful" at a public inquiry into the project's potential impact on protected land by Wales' environmental regulator, it has been told by a lawyer for the body that represents the public.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and euro after the Bank of England held interest rates at 0.25% for the second month in a row, but mining shares helped to lift the FTSE 100 index on Wednesday morning, despite the decision to keep rates unchanged.
The head of the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry has written to Prime Minister Theresa May asking for a meeting to discuss the inquiry's scope and scope of inquiry, Downing Street has confirmed to BBC Radio 4's Victoria Derbyshire news programme and the BBC's Panorama programme.
A German federal intelligence officer has been arrested on suspicion of spying for the US, German media reports say, amid a growing diplomatic row between the two countries over the alleged bugging of Chancellor Angela Merkel's mobile phone by the US government's spy agency last year.
The Royal Shakespeare Company's production of Matilda has been forced to cut short two performances after the actress playing the title character was unable to sing the rest of the show because her voice was too weak, it has been confirmed to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire service.
Drivers are being penalised for parking illegally in Scotland's car parks, according to Citizens Advice Scotland (CAS), which has raised concerns about "unprecedented" levels of complaints to the Court of Session (Cas) about private parking companies in the country.
Welsh Labour has won the Cardiff North seat in the general election, beating the Conservatives by more than 2,000 votes.The party has retained all but one of the seats it held in the 2016 assembly election, including Cardiff Central and Blaenau Gwent.
Eurozone finance ministers have urged Greece to press ahead with economic reforms after the New Democracy party won a resounding victory in Sunday's election, despite rejecting the terms of the country's bailout deal with the European Union and the International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the US.
Is Opec the most important oil producer group in the world, and if so, should it be the most powerful and influential? - or is it the most unpredictable of the group of oil producers and exporters that together account for about a third of the world's crude oil?
Lionel Messi is "exceptional" but his Argentina team-mates will not be distracted by him, says Switzerland striker Nuri Mehmedi ahead of their World Cup quarter-final on Thursday."We will not neglect the preparation or the game itself," says the Swiss.
The prime minister has come to the Vale of Glamorgan here for the first time since he became prime minister, and he's not the first Conservative leader to visit the town in the last few years, but he's the first to do so at this time of year.
No criminal proceedings will be taken against a man accused of sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl at an Aberdeen sea cadet camp, the Crown Office has said in a written statement to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) in Scotland's chief inspector of prisons.
Shrewsbury Town have signed Arsenal midfielder Macca Jebb on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent move to the League One club in a deal worth a fee of about £100,000, plus add-ons for defender Macca McAllister.
A documentary about the caste system in India's meat industry has been refused permission to be screened at the Mumbai International Film Festival because of concerns over the recent ban on beef, the organisers have told the BBC Hindi news agency that they are "shocked" by the decision.
Archaeologists in Israel say they have discovered the remains of a 2,000-year-old stone floor at one of the world's holiest sites, dating back to the time of the Jewish temple of Jerusalem, which was destroyed by the Romans in the 4th Century.
Salmon was the UK's biggest export in the first half of the year, overtaking chocolate and overtaking whisky as the country's best-selling food and drink product, according to a trade body representing UK food and drinks producers and wholesalers, with a rise of 24%.
Oxford United will host League One side Scunthorpe in the first round of the EFL Trophy, while League Two side Oxford United will travel to play League One's bottom club Scunthaonthority in the second round on Saturday, 9 January.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £20,000 from a cancer charity in Londonderry, the High Court has heard on Wednesday.Â£10,000 has been recovered by police and Â£5,000 is to be returned to the charity.
Young tenants are the biggest victims of identity theft in the UK, according to a survey of more than 100,000 people.Â£1.5bn worth of fraud has been reported in the past year, with young people most at risk, it has been claimed.
A murder investigation has been launched after the body of a 43-year-old man was found at a house in Edinburgh.Police are appealing for information about his movements since 31 August.Â£20,000 has been made available to trace his family.Â© Police Scotland
More than 1,000 people have been charged in connection with dissident republican activity in Northern Ireland since the start of Operation Titan in July, the PSNI has said.Two hundred and fifty-five people have now been convicted of offences under the Terrorism Act, it has emerged.
A teenager has admitted hacking the Mumsnet website and Twitter following a series of cyber attacks on the parenting site's home page and other parts of its social network, including the website's homepage and some posts on its forums, a court has been told in a cyber attack.
The funeral of a mother who was stabbed to death with her daughter and her partner is taking place in Oxfordshire on Saturday, it has been confirmed.Â£20,000 of flowers have been donated to the family of the victims by the coroner. Â£10,000 in memory of those who died.
Voters across Wales will go to the polls on 5 May to choose their preferred local authority to run the country's local government for the next four years.In the run-up to the local elections, many people will be voting for their local council to decide who they want to represent their interests.
Singer Phil Collins has donated his extensive collection of Alamo memorabilia to the Texas Historical Society to help fund a new museum dedicated to the Alamo, the Texas state's most famous battle fought during the US-Mexico border war of 1836-1839.
Castleford Tigers produced a stunning second-half comeback to beat Wakefield and secure a top-six finish in Super League, despite being down to 14 players for much of the game because of illness and a six-point deduction for Salford's Super 8s defeat.
Mixu Paatelainen believes it will be "right down to the wire" for Dundee United in the battle to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership this season."I think it will go right down the wire," says the Red Devils boss.Â£500,000-rated manager.
A "huge" iguana has taken up residence at the top of a tree in a Suffolk village for the past three months and is refusing to come down, according to its owner, who has been trying to get it to move down for months to no avail.
It's that time of year again, the biggest night of the year, the Brit Awards, where the stars of the music industry come together to celebrate the best of the best. Check out the full list of presenters, winners, and winners below, as well as the winners!
Europe's next-generation space observatory has arrived in the UK for final assembly and testing ahead of its launch next year, as part of a multi-billion-euro project to map the Milky Way galaxy in unprecedented detail and unlock new secrets about the origin and evolution of stars.
Uber is facing a lawsuit from a former employee who says the ride-sharing firm sexually harassed her and asked her to sleep with her boss, in a row that has sparked a firestorm of sexism in the tech industry, writes the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire.
Manchester United's proposed move to sign Spain goalkeeper David De Georginio De Gea from Manchester United to Real Madrid collapsed on Monday night, leaving the Spanish club with a few hours to complete the deal before the transfer window closes at 18:00 BST on Tuesday.
The US is about to announce a ban on laptops and tablets in cabin baggage on all flights from Europe to the United States, and it's widely expected that it will come as a result of the terror threat posed by the so-called Islamic State (IS) in the Middle East and North Africa.
Details of the prime minister's office and residence in Brussels have been found on a computer used by the suicide bombers who killed 32 people at the city's airport last week, Belgian media reports say, quoting reliable sources say, as the first funeral for one of the victims takes place.
A watermelon farmer has died in China after being hit with a weight by local law enforcers, state media report, sparking outrage on microblogging sites and on social media in the country's internet community, including on Weibo, or "big brother" in English.
Dutch midfielder Anna Middag has signed a two-year contract with Women's Champions League holders Ajax after leaving the Dutch champions to join Women's Super League One side NEC Nijmegen on a season-long loan from Dutch side NEC Amsterdam for an undisclosed fee.
Fenerbahce striker Robin van Persie says he is "all good" after suffering an injury to his eye in a pre-season friendly with Akhisar Caikli on Saturday.Â£12m club-mate Yannick Thauvin has said he is fine.
Substitute Danny Hylton's second-half header earned Luton a point as they drew with Exeter in the League Two play-off semi-final first round at Kenilworth Road Road End Park, despite being the better of the two sides.
Kendrick Lamar has dropped a new album, Untitled Unmastered, just a week after his critically acclaimed debut To Pimp A Butterfly was released to coincide with the Grammys.Â£50,000 worth of new material has been added to the streaming services.
Thousands of people have flocked to the Snowman Festival of Ice in London to see the world's largest snow sculpture festival. Watch the video of how it's been put together, and take a look at some of the best sculptures from around the world... and meet some of them!
Manchester City Council is to give senior managers a pay rise of more than 20% in a bid to "keep and attract the right calibre of senior staff" to the city centre, it has been announced.The pay rises for senior managers will be announced on Wednesday.
A bill that would change the lyrics of Canada's national anthem to make it more gender-neutral has cleared its first parliamentary hurdle in Canada's lower house of parliament, the House of Commons in Ottawa, and is expected to pass its second hurdle later this week.
A former US gymnastics doctor has been ordered to stand trial on charges of sexual assault against a girl under 13 years old, a judge has ruled in the first trial of its kind in the United States since the scandal erupted in September 2016, in the sport's governing body.
A Derby woman who was falsely accused of plotting to kill the prime minister during World War I is to be honoured with a blue plaque at her former home in a bid to clear her name 100 years after she was jailed for up to 10 years for her crimes.
Five British people have died after a whale-watching boat capsized off the coast of Canada's British Columbia, with the loss of one mother and three children on board, a coroner has said, with one of them believed to be a British tourist from Swindon.
South Korea's Lydia Ko has become the youngest winner of the US Women's Open at the age of 18 with a one-shot victory at Kia Classic in Hawaii, setting a new age record for the LPGA Tour's youngest ever winner at the event.
Tottenham Hotspur midfielder Nabil Bentaleb has joined German side RB Leipzig for an undisclosed fee, the Bundesliga club have confirmed to BBC Radio Solent on Monday evening, subject to a work permit and international clearance from the player's parent club, the Premier League.
A man who stabbed his ex-girlfriend's partner to death in a "jealous rage" has been jailed for life for the murder of his new partner's father-in-law in Lancashire, prosecutors have said, describing it as a "brutal attack".
Tony Andreu missed a late penalty as Dundee United were held to a goalless draw by Raith Rovers in the Scottish Championship at Stark's Park, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time with Lewis Toshney red carded for a second yellow card.
Deutsche Bank has reported a sharp fall in profits for the first half of the year as the bank continues to be hit by the impact of the eurozone crisis and weak economic growth in the UK and the US economy in the US, and by a restructuring charge on its asset management business.
Argos has reported a fall in sales for the first quarter of the year as it continues to battle for survival in the face of two potential bidders for the Argos brand, Sainsbury's and Steinhoff, who are both trying to take it over.
In the wake of the Arab Spring, there has been much focus on the "demand-side" of the uprising, and on the role of the military in this year's events in Tunisia, Egypt and Bahrain, as well as the "opposition-side", as the BBC's Will Grant reports.
Vanessa Hill is one of the most successful backing singers in the history of pop music - and one of a handful of artists who have been eliminated from the US version of reality TV show The Voice twice in the past five years - but her solo career is still in its infancy.
Hundreds of cyclists have taken part in a series of events in Plymouth, including a 100 mile (160km) bike ride and a family-friendly tour of the city on Saturday night to mark the city's International Cycling Union (ICA) centenary year in 2016.
A woman in the southern Indian state of Chittoor has been killed in an attack at her office in the state of Kerala, police have said, while her husband is in a critical condition in hospital in the city where she worked as a municipal councillor, local media report.
A man who ran over and seriously injured a police officer as he tried to stop a stolen car has been jailed for four years and nine months.Â£10,000 in fines and costs.Â€20,000 compensation has been ordered for the officer's injuries.
A man has died after getting into difficulty in the sea off the Isle of Lewis in the north west Highlands during a yacht racing event, it has been confirmed to BBC Scotland's Panorama programme on BBC Scotland News at 10:30am on Sunday morning, police have said.
The sister of a woman who was stabbed to death by her ex-boyfriend has told a court he was "obsessed" with her and "stalked" her after she broke up with him, a court has been told in a bid to find her killer.
A collection of vintage prams, toys and other items from a family-run company that made pushchairs for children have sold for more than £6,000 at auction in Nottinghamshire - more than twice its estimated price tag, it has been revealed at an earlier auction.
The six-month jail sentence given to a motorcyclist who killed a cyclist in a crash has been branded "insulting" by a road safety charity which says it is "no wonder grieving relatives are often left feeling let down" by the justice system.
Somerset beat Gloucestershire by three wickets in the One-Day Cup at Taunton to lift the trophy for the first time since 2009.Â£1.5m Gloucesterhire suffered their first defeat of the season as they were beaten by 63 runs.
A five-year-old boy has become the youngest person to be cautioned by police for sexting, the Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.More than 4,000 children have been investigated for the crime in the last three years, it has emerged.
A man who sent bomb threats to Bristol Airport has been jailed for three years and nine months.Â£1,000 fine and a £500 fine.Â€2,500 fine for his part in a hoax bomb scare in the city in August 2014 has been ordered to carry out 200 hours unpaid work.
England produced a stunning batting and bowling display to take control of the first Test against Australia on day three in Cardiff and set up a remarkable final-day fightback to win the match.Â£1.2bn Test match between the two sides will go down to the final day.
Huddersfield Giants hooker Sione Ta'ai has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side."I am happy to stay at the club for another two years," said the player after signing a new one-year deal with the club.
Lenovo and Acer have unveiled smartphones with bigger lithium-ion batteries that they say can last up to three days of use between charges - the longest ever in a smartphone - the first of their kind to be made for the market, the companies have announced in a joint statement.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has warned that eating processed meat could increase the risk of cancer by up to 17% a day and that red meat is in the highest danger group of meat-related cancer agents, but there is insufficient evidence to set safe levels of consumption.
Southern rail conductors are to stage three days of strike action in a row over changes to the role of conductors, the RMT union has said.The rail company has said it is preparing contingency plans for a possible walkout by conductors in a dispute over safety.
A new dissident republican group calling itself the IRA has said it was behind the murder of prison officer David Black, who was shot dead in Northern Ireland earlier this year, it has been reported to the Irish media on Monday.Â£1m is believed to have been spent on the funeral of Mr Black.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has welcomed a UK proposal to give EU citizens living in the UK the right to stay after Brexit, saying it was a "good start" to the talks on the UK's exit from the European Union (EU) with the rest of the bloc.
Kim In-kyung won her first LPGA title with a play-off victory over world number one Angelique Ciganda at the Nordea Masters in Sweden on the final day of the season-opening event at the NEC in St Albans.
An Italian teenager is taking legal action after a photo of her boyfriend, who is transgender, was used on a campaign leaflet by a far-right party in support of gender education in schools.Â£10,000 in damages is being sought by her lawyer.
Bouldering world champion Shauna Coxsey finished second in the second event of the season at the World Cup Series of Rock Climbing event in China, her second gold of the year.Â£20,000 in prize money was split between her and her compatriot and world number one.
Dairy Crest, the UK's biggest milk processor, has agreed to sell its dairies business in the UK to a German company as it continues to struggle with falling milk prices and falling profits.Â£1bn-a-year loss-making is set to be wiped off its bottom line.
Spending by UK consumers has fallen for the first time in four years, according to the credit card firm Visa, with a sharp drop in spending at shops and restaurants and a rise at the pub and in the car parks of restaurants and motoring clubs, the survey suggests.
A man who lost a leg after a motorbike accident has described how he became stuck in a train door on his way home from a medical assessment after a delay at Bodmin Parkway station in south-west London on his mobility scooter for the second time in a week.
A Buckingham Palace fountain which had to be switched off due to the hosepipe ban is to be refilled again in time for the start of the Olympic Games in the summer, Hertfordshire County Council has said, after a deal was struck with a landscaping firm.
British astronaut Tim Peake is set to make history on Tuesday when he blasts off into space for the first time from his home country's capital, London, to become the first British man to board the International Space Station - and it's all set to be a big day on social media.
Two more men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was shot in the head in Lincolnshire, police have said, adding that the attack was not a "random" act and is not believed to have been pre-arranged or premeditated.
Fernando Alonso extended his lead at the top of the world championship to 34 points as Jenson Button finished second in a close battle with Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Mercedes' Nico Hulkenberg in a thrilling Spanish Grand Prix at the Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya.
The death toll from floods and mudslides in southern Japan has risen to 31, the government has said, after the death toll in the disaster was revised up to 36 people from Wednesday's torrential downpours, up from 28 earlier reported in the capital Tokyo.
The rise of the "second screen" has been discussed at the International Broadcasting Conference (IBC) in Amsterdam this week - but what does this mean for the rest of us, and how do we use them while we watch our favourite shows on our smart phones and tablets?
Kilmarnock have ended the loan deals of teenage duo Liam Waddington and Callum Davies after their loan spell at Rugby Park came to an end on Tuesday.Â£1,000 each was terminated by mutual consent, BBC Scotland has learned.
A record-breaking number of seal pups have been born at a Norfolk nature reserve, prompting conservationists to warn people to keep their distance from the animals and keep their pets on leads in case they attack people or their pets, it has been claimed by conservationists.
The decline in the number of gibbons in China has been documented in documents dating back to the 17th Century, according to a new study by scientists in the UK and the US, which has shed light on the decline of one of the world's rarest apes.
MPs have voted to increase VAT from 17.5% to 20% by a majority of more than 300 in the House of Commons, despite opposition calls for a delay or to exempt vulnerable groups from the increase.Â£13bn VAT rise has been approved by MPs.
The threat to the Welsh economy runs "far deeper" than the crisis in the steel industry, Plaid Cymru has said, as it called on the UK government to do more to help other industries in Wales to recover from a sharp fall in their value.
Manchester City Council has announced plans to build hundreds of new homes in the city centre, backed by Abu Dhabi United Group, the owner of Manchester City Football Club and Manchester City Women's Football Club, for £1bn.Â£1bn is to be invested in the project.
Liverpool's Premier League title defence starts against Chelsea at Anfield on Saturday, and it will be another reminder of how far they have come since last season's title race came to an end at the hands of the Premier League's bottom club, Chelsea, in April 2014.
England's world number one Laura Robson won the British National Women's Squash Championship for the second year in a row with victory over compatriot and fellow Briton Sophie Waters in the final in Birmingham.Â£25,000 prize money was awarded to the winner.
It's not often that you see a man who has been suspended from the Labour Party for saying something as shocking and shocking as Jeremy Corbyn's comments about Hitler and anti-Semitism, but that's exactly what he did today - and what he should have done a long time ago.
Disney has announced plans to make a sequel to its hit animated film Frozen, which was released in December 2014 and went on to become the highest-grossing film of all time in the US and Canada, with more than $1.5bn (Â£1.2bn) in ticket sales.
The Women's FA Cup final at Wembley is set to be the biggest in women's football history after Wembley was awarded the right to host the final for the second time in three years by the Women's Super League One and Women's Premier League respectively, it has been announced.
The UN Security Council has strongly condemned North Korea's launch of a long-range rocket on Sunday, describing it as a "serious violation of the Security Council's resolution" and a "clear violation of its own rules on nuclear weapons and ballistic missile technology" by the isolated state.
Andre Gray scored twice as Burnley came from behind to beat Bolton and move back to the top of the Championship with a win at the Macron Stadium that leaves the Trotters seven points adrift of safety at the bottom of the table with three games remaining.
Lancashire's Liam Livingstone made a half-century to put his side in a strong position on day three against Nottinghamshire at Old Trafford.The game between the two Division One leaders looks finely poised after the first day of the day-night contest.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford won the long jump at the Great North Run in Newcastle, ending his season on a high with victory at the Diamond League meeting in Zurich.Â£1.5m was spent on the event, which also included the men's 5,000m.
The family of a woman who died after a crash in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by the loss of their "kind, caring, adorable and loving" mother and "the best nanna in the world" in a statement.
Dog owners are being urged to pick up their dog's poo off the beach and bin it in one of the many dog bins available in Scotland's parks and on the streets, to stop it getting into the sea, and to protect bathers' health.
Chelsea captain John Terry will miss the final two games of the season after being sent off in the 2-1 defeat by West Ham on Saturday."An impulsive reaction" by the referee led to his red card, says manager Gus Hiddink after the game at Stamford Bridge.
Eleven members of an international gang dubbed the "Rathkeale raiders" have been found guilty of their part in the theft of artefacts worth up to £57m from museums and auction houses across the East of England and the South East in a series of raids.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at how East Africa's neighbours are learning lessons from each other in the run-up to elections, and how the main opposition parties in Tanzania and Uganda have decided to join forces to try to oust the ruling party.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) and the World Bank are two of the world's most important international organisations, working together to promote economic growth and development in the developing world and in the developed world in particular.Â£1.1 trillion is invested in the two institutions, and $1.2 trillion (Â£890bn) is borrowed by member nations.
A man has raised more than £53,000 for a Liverpool hospice after swimming the English Channel in a Speedo Speedo speedo speedboat for charity, it has been announced on the BBC's Crimewatch programme on Saturday night at 21:00 BST.
Aston Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his players need to change their "losing mentality" after their FA Cup final defeat by Arsenal, saying he will build a "new team" to avoid "scraping relegation" from the Premier League next season.
Glasgow Warriors head coach Gregor Townsend says his side's second-half display in their 1872 Cup final defeat by Edinburgh was "not good enough" as he prepares to take over as Scotland head coach for next summer's tour of Australia and New Zealand.
For more than 150 years, Govan shipyard on the banks of the Clyde has been a centre of excellence for shipbuilding in Govan, near Clydebank, Scotland's largest city and port city, and one of the world's largest employers in shipbuilding.
A man accused of throwing acid in the face of his girlfriend's face has told a court he was ordered to carry out the acid attack by her ex-boyfriend to "humiliate and control" her, a court has heard, in a bid to pay off a debt.
England manager Roy Hodgson should "build the team around" Tottenham striker Harry Kane, says ex-Tottenham and England striker Shaun Murphy, who was in attendance for Saturday's north London derby win over his old club Arsenal on Saturday."I'm struggling to see a weakness in the lad's game," says the Gunners boss.
Britain's Andy Murray beat Canadian Vasek Pospisil in straight sets to reach the quarter-finals of the French Open in Paris for the second time in three weeks and progress to the last eight of a Grand Slam for the first time in his career.
The inventor of Etch A Sketch, one of the most popular toys of the 20th century, has died at the age of 89.Â£1.5m (1.6m; $2.2m) in the US, his company has said.
The government is considering selling a majority stake in the UK's green investment bank as part of a plan to pay down the national debt, it has been announced, amid calls for the move to be opposed by environmental groups and think tank E3G, which says it could damage investor confidence.
A solar-powered phone box is being installed in central London to help smartphone owners charge their devices while waiting for their battery to recharge and recharge their phones at the same time, in a bid to combat the problem of running out of battery in the modern world of smartphones.
Samsung has asked owners of its Galaxy Note 7 phones to hand back their devices, after a second batch of the devices overheated and caught fire last month, forcing the firm to shut down production and recall all but one of its top-end models in South Korea and the US.
Former BBC DJ Chris Denning has pleaded guilty to a string of sex offences against boys in the 1960s and 1970s, including indecent assaults on young men and boys at a disco in which he worked as a DJ in the 1970s and '80s.
Nasa's Curiosity rover has taken another picture of Mars, this time of a rock it is examining on the surface of the red planet called "Gale Crater" in the Gale Crater on the planet's north pole, in what is thought to be the final stop on its mission.
A report into claims made by a Labour MP about her husband's death at a Cardiff hospital has found his death was not caused by neglect or abuse, it has been revealed after it was made public for the first time in a political row between the two parties and the health board.
A 16-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in Bristol, prompting a murder investigation, police have said, adding that the death is not being treated as suspicious at this stage of the investigation.Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said.
Ofsted has asked Education Secretary Nicky Morgan to prepare cases for prosecution against unregistered schools it says are operating illegally in the West Midlands, it has been told by the chief inspector of schools in England and Wales, Sir Michael Wilshaw, the BBC has learned.
Aberdeen City Council has voted to abandon the controversial City Garden Project after a heated debate over the future of one of the city's most famous attractions ended in a split decision by the authority's ruling Conservative group and the Independent Alliance Group, which backed a rival bid.
A plaque is to be unveiled at the childhood home of a Royal Navy officer who was killed when his HMS Upholder submarine was sunk off the coast of Sicily in 1942, 75 years after his death in a training exercise in the same area in which he was serving.
Barcelona footballer Lionel Messi has been ordered to stand trial in Spain on charges of tax fraud, a Spanish court has ruled, despite a request by his lawyers to drop the case against the world's best known sportsman and his father, Jorge Messi de Girolamo.
The Scottish League Cup fifth-round ties have been announced, with the winners of last season's tie between Rangers and Dunfermline Athletic the only Scottish Premiership side to be handed a home tie in the competition's quarter-finals this season, along with the Scottish Cup holders.
A health board is considering temporarily suspending non-urgent care for the sickest patients in a bid to plug a funding gap, the BBC has learned from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website, which has been criticised by the doctors' union.Â£12.5m of cuts could be made to GP services in one area.
Retired CIA director David Petraeus has said he would serve under President-elect Donald Trump if he was asked to take over as commander of the US military in Afghanistan, if asked by the new US president-elect and commander of US forces in the Middle East.
Taiwan is the only place in the world where traditional Buddhism is not mainstream, but that has not stopped its growing popularity in the island, says Chen Hsiao, one of the country's most active Buddhists, who lives in the capital, Taipei.
A new outdoor play garden has been unveiled at the Noah's Ark Children's Hospital in Cardiff as part of a Â£3.5m investment to help treat children with disabilities and other health conditions.Â£1.6m of funding has been secured for the project.
More than half of new mothers in Wales are planning to bottle feed their babies, according to a new survey of more than 1,000 new mothers who gave birth in the last 12 months of 2015-16, with many feeling "immense pressure" to only breastfeed their newborns.
An Australian woman has pleaded guilty to trying to smuggle her children into Syria to join the so-called Islamic State militant group with her husband, who was killed in June in a US air strike in the country's north-east.Â£10,000 in cash and equipment has been seized from her at Sydney Airport.
The European Union is to draw up a common list of tax havens, in the wake of the Panama Papers scandal, in an effort to crack down on tax avoidance.Â£1.2bn (£1.1bn) of offshore money is to be stashed in tax havens across the bloc.
Nigeria international defender Lawrence Ambrose has joined Blackburn Rovers on loan from Celtic until the end of the season, BBC Scotland has learned, with a view to a permanent move to the Scottish Premiership club for an undisclosed fee in the summer, subject to a work permit.
Walkers have been warned to take care after a number of birds of prey were attacked by dog walkers in Aberdeenshire in the space of a few hours last weekend.Â£1,000 of fines have been issued to people who attacked the birds with sticks.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Monday, with bank shares leading the way as investors digested strong results from Bank of America and Citigroup, which both beat analysts' expectations in the wake of the latest rate rise in US interest rates and a rise in the value of US homes.
Retail tycoon Sir Philip Green is to meet the pensions regulator to try to reach a deal over the future of BHS pension scheme members, the BBC has learned from a source close to the BHS boss who says he is "very close" to a deal.
Glasgow Warriors second row Leone Nakarawa is to leave the Pro12 club at the end of the season to join French side Racing Metro on a two-year contract.Â£1.5m-rated Edinburgh have signed him on a one-year deal, subject to a medical.
Warwickshire off-spinner Dev Patel has signed a new two-year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season, with the option of a further 12 months' extension. He has also been recalled to the New Zealand squad for the remainder of the 2017 season.
The number of women being diagnosed with breast cancer in Northern Ireland is expected to rise by 65% in the next 20 years, according to new figures from the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast.The health service needs to "gear itself up" for an increase in the number of cases, a doctor has said.
A group of former military commanders have written to Prime Minister David Cameron calling for a review of the government's defence review, saying it is "unduly trusting" in "an uncertain, fast-moving and dangerous world" following the events in Egypt, Bahrain and Libya.
Scientists are heading to a remote part of the ocean floor to try to find out if there's life down there in the ocean beneath the Earth's surface waters, and to see if anything can survive the heat and pressure of living under the surface of the Earth.
People prefer to be zapped rather than left to daydream, according to a study of more than 100 people who have been left alone in a laboratory for a few minutes to find out if they enjoy daydreaming over long periods of time, say US researchers.
Two people have been re-arrested after a four-year-old girl was seriously injured when she was mauled by a Staffordshire bull terrier in a suspected "dangerous dog" attack, police have said, after a third person was released on bail.
A man has been stabbed and a pedestrian has been killed in separate incidents in south-west London, police have said, in what they believe may be a "two-in-a-row" attack.Police have said there is "no risk to the wider community".
Scientists have discovered how jumping spiders fine-tune and control their mid-air movements to ensure they land safely and quickly on their feet, rather than tip over and land on their backs on the ground.Â£1.5m spider species are able to control their own "robot-like" locomotion, research suggests.
Exeter Chiefs trio Alex Horstmann, Alex Salvi and Tom Atkins have signed new contracts with the Premiership club.Â£500,000-a-year contract extensions have been announced by the Premiership side ahead of the 2016-17 season.Â© BBC Sport
Leyton Orient manager Russell Slade says he is ready to work with new owner Francesco Becchetti on a new structure at the League Two club, but admits it is "early days" for the new-look management structure at Leyton Orient.
It's that time of year again when the new football season gets under way and the new players get their first taste of what life will be like in the top flight of the world's top five leagues for many of the summer transfer deadline day clubs and their fans.
A nine-year-old boy who was critically injured in a County Fermanagh road crash and the DUP leader Arlene Foster's warning of a "brutal" election dominate the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph and the News Letter on Wednesday's front pages.
Domino's Pizza Group, which owns the UK's biggest pizza chain, has reported a rise in profits for 2015, helped by a "massive" rise in online orders and a strong performance from its app-based ordering service, its chief executive has said.
Scunthorpe United have signed former Blackpool and Hibernian midfielder Ryan Osbourne on a deal until the end of the season, with an option to extend the deal by a further month if he is offered a new deal by the League One club.Â£10,000
At least 19 foreign tourists have been killed in an attack on the Bardo museum in the Tunisian capital, Tunis, the country's prime minister has said, in the first attack of its kind in the country since the 2002 Bardo resort was taken over by Islamist militants.
The Ulster Unionist Party leader, Jim Murphy, has said his party will not be "softening its stance" on Northern Ireland's future in the assembly election, which is due to be held on 18 March 2017, despite his party's minority government winning the Northern Ireland Assembly election.
The African Union's headquarters in Nairobi was a hive of activity when President Barack Obama walked through the gates of the African Union (AU) building in the early hours of Tuesday morning, and it was a scene you'd be forgiven for thinking he'd never be able to return.
Northern Ireland's Michael Farquhar is out of intensive care after being seriously injured in a crash at the North West 200 motorcycling event in Newry, County Down, earlier this month, it has been announced on Monday.Â£50,000 in prize money has been awarded to the winner and runner-up in last year's race.
The number of children trespassing on railway lines in Wales has risen sharply in the past year, with police warning parents to keep their children away from the tracks at night and in the summer holidays, the BBC has learned from a victim's sister who lost her teenage sister to a train.
Former world number one Tiger Woods says he is receiving professional help to manage his medications as he continues his recovery from back pain and a sleep disorder, and has thanked fans and players for their "outpouring of support and understanding" on social media.Â£1m is to be used to pay for his legal fees after his arrest.
The US and Russia have agreed a new cessation of hostilities in the Syrian city of Aleppo, which has been the scene of fierce fighting between government and rebel forces since early this week, the White House has said, but it is unclear when it will come into effect.
Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal will find out who they will face in the Champions League last 32 draw on Thursday, while Everton are the only seeded British team in the draw for the last 32 of the last-32 stage of the Europa League on Friday morning.
A man set fire to a house with 11 people inside, including four children, after turning on the gas valves on a cooker, a court has been told, causing cladding and a skirting board to catch light and causing a skirted board to be caught in light.
Francois Hollande's promise to strip convicted terrorists who have dual nationality of their French nationality has caused a bitter row in the ranks of the French left, writes the BBC's Yolande Knell in Le Pen, France's deputy editor at the French National Front (FN).
The Green Party has pledged to provide free sanitary products to women and children in England and Wales if it wins the general election, if it is re-elected to power in May 2016, in a bid to end the controversial VAT on tampons and other sanitary items.
A cash machine has been blown up and a large quantity of money stolen during an early-morning robbery at a pharmacy in North Lanarkshire, prompting a police appeal for witnesses to come forward.Â£10,000 worth of cash has been stolen in the raid.
The Co-operative has agreed to provide two separate insurance quotes for no claims bonus protection, after it missed a deadline to do so, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has said in a written warning to the company's customers.Â£2.5m of extra charges for the protection will be removed from its quotes from 1 February.
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the acquittal of Olympic athlete Oscar Pistorius of murder at the Supreme Court of Appeal in Pretoria on 13 March, the BBC has learned from South Africa's public prosecutor's office in the capital, Pretoria, where the case is being heard.
Russia's foreign minister has accused the US of floundering in its policy towards Syria, accusing it of trying to "spare" the country's al-Qaeda affiliate in order to try to change the government of President Bashar al-Assad, the BBC's Stephen Sackur reports.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a giant water slide to raise money for cancer research at a special event in Londonderry on Saturday and Sunday, as part of a two-day event to raise awareness of the disease's impact on people's health.
A high-profile Chinese documentary on air pollution has been pulled from the Youku video-sharing site, days after it was praised by the country's new environment minister.China's communist leaders appear to have banned the film, the BBC has learned from Chinese state media.
A man has been left in a critical condition in hospital after an armed raid on a house in Londonderry, the PSNI has said.Police have appealed for information following an incident at a property in the Dunraven area of the city on Friday night.
Jake Sheppard scored a late winner as Dagenham & redbridge came from behind to beat Bromley 2-1 in their National League game at the Victoria Road Ground to move back into the play-off places with three games remaining in the season.Â£10,000 in the bank.
The number of children and young people being sexually exploited in England has been estimated at more than 2,000, according to a report by a government-commissioned inquiry into child sex abuse in England and Wales, the BBC has learned from the BBC's Today programme.
Crawley Gillies is to take over as the chair of spirits firm Edrington, following the departure of its chief executive Jim Murray, it has been announced.Â£1bn-a-year director Crawford Murray is to step down from his role at the firm.
(Close): The pound rose against the euro and the FTSE 100 ended the day higher, but shares in Bunzl fell after the company said its sales growth had slowed in the first half of its financial year, sending shares in the company down more than 5%.
The Afghan Taliban's new leader, Mullah Akhtar Mohammad Akhtar Mansour, has called for unity in his first public message, in an audio message released by the group's media office in the capital Mazar-e-Sharif city of Jalalabad.
Teenage spinner Luke Tongue produced a fine spell of bowling to put Worcestershire in a strong position on day one against Glamorgan at New Road, with the visitors in trouble at the end of day one.Â£1.5m Glamminy had the better of the first day at the County Ground.
A lollipop man has told a court he is "truly sorry" for causing the death of a pensioner who was hit by his car outside a school in Bedfordshire after it failed to stop for a red light, a court has heard, saying he was "in total shock".
Clint Dempsey has been ruled out of the World Cup in Russia with a hamstring injury, which could rule the midfielder out for the rest of the season and rule him out of action until the end of the campaign, reports BBC Radio Seattle.Â£10m-rated website Goal USA.com.
A fundraising page set up by a man who went missing during a triathlon has raised more than £12,000 in the week since his body was found in two lakes in the South East of England, it has been revealed, raising more than four times its £10,000 target.
Barcelona have paid 13.5m euros (£11.4m) in back taxes on the transfer of Brazil forward Neymar from Santos to the club to "defend the club's reputation and good name" after a judge ruled there was sufficient evidence to continue investigating the deal.
The US has overtaken China as the world's biggest investor in the clean energy sector, according to a new table of global investment in the sector in 2011, which shows it overtook the Chinese for the first time in the past 12 months, a report has suggested.
A temporary footbridge is to be built in a North Yorkshire town to replace a road bridge which has been closed while repairs are carried out to repair a disused river crossing, the county council has said in a bid to resolve a row over who owns the land.
A non-league football team has returned to Scarborough for the first time in more than a decade after playing its home games away from the town for the past five years, in front of a sell-out crowd at a new £50m stadium built on the site of a former park.
A man has admitted trying to import 50 stun guns disguised as batons into the UK after police found them at his home in Arbroath and at his business address in Dundee, a court has been told in a bid to avoid a jail term.Â£12 each of the stun guns.
Malaysia Airlines chief executive Christoph Mueller is to step down from his post less than a year after taking over the troubled airline.Â£1bn-a-year job cuts and cost-cutting measures led to a dramatic turnaround of the troubled company, it has announced.
A man who was found seriously injured in a street in West Lothian is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a serious head injury, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to find his identity and his cause of death.Â£10,000 is being sought by police.
A contestant on a TV talent show has been compared to a "bonkers bonkers" character from the hit US sitcom Friends after he was filmed with a spray tan tan on his cheekbone for a dance floor routine on the Irish version of Dancing With The Stars.
Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson has been embroiled in a fresh spat with the media over claims in his autobiography that he was a high school valedictorian and military cadet in the 1960s and '70s - but it's not the first time he's had to defend his record.
Nigeria's ex-football chief Samson Adamu has been suspended from all football-related activity by world governing body Fifa after an investigation into his conduct at the World Cup in Russia in 2010 and the 2014 Fifa congress in Brazil."I don't know anything about it," says Adamu.
African art is worth more than $1bn (Â£620m) a year to the global economy, according to a new report by the UN's cultural agency Unicef.com, and it is estimated that more than 50% of the world's art galleries are now owned by African artists.
The Hubble Space Telescope and the Chandra Space Telescope have made some amazing maps of dark matter. These maps are called "skotocartography" and they tell us a great deal about the nature of the cosmos, and the mysterious properties of the stuff we can't see.
Nigeria's Senate has approved a bill that seeks to criminalise abusive messages on social media, in a move criticised by human rights activists and the opposition as a crackdown on freedom of speech and freedom of the press in Africa's most populous country, the BBC has learned.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho "should have apologised" for his language towards former club doctor Eva Carneiro, says Football Association chairman Greg Dyke, who has criticised the Football Association's handling of the case against the Blues boss over his treatment of the medic in a match.
Nigeria's government has offered a reward for information leading to the capture of suspected leaders of the Islamist militant group Boko Haram, the military has said in a statement to the BBC's Naija news agency on Friday.Â£200,000 has been offered for information on the group's alleged leaders.
A cat called George is a big hit with shoppers at a supermarket in the West Midlands in the UK, and he's been captured on camera doing what he loves the most - shopping at the till! Click here to find out more about George the shop assistant at his home.
A German aid group says it has been attacked by Libyan coast guards off the coast of Libya after its boat was intercepted by a speedboat carrying migrants trying to reach Italy.Four people have died and 25 are missing after an attack by armed men on the vessel, it says.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) as a Javelin commander who was killed in an explosion in Helmand province on his first day on the front line in the conflict zone, the BBC has learned.
The Conservatives and the Lib Dems spent more than £3m on their European election campaign - more than double the amount spent by the SNP, according to the Electoral Commission's latest figures for the 2015 European Parliament election campaign, which were released on Wednesday night by the BBC.
Hull FC have appointed former St Helens and Northampton Saints forward Chris Forster as their new head coach.Â£100,000-rated director of rugby at the National League club.ÂÂ£50,000 salary cap will be introduced at the end of the season.
At least six people have been killed in a car bomb attack on a hotel in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, officials say, as the country's football season kicked off with a match in the city's newly refurbished Banadir Stadium on Friday.
US President Donald Trump's proposed cuts to foreign aid and diplomacy would be a "disaster" for America's war effort, a senior Republican senator has said, as the White House prepares to try to convince Congress to back his budget plan to boost military spending.
Have you ever wondered what it is like to see a lake full of snow in the Indian city of Bangalore?Â© Debasish Ghosh/Institute of Technology, Delhi.com.comÂ©DebasishGhosh & GhoshÂ© Ghosh
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and the attempted murder of a woman after a 73-year-old man was found dead at a house in Rhondda Cynon Taff, police have said, in what is believed to be a "very rare" murder.
The World Para-athletics team has unveiled a new medal design for this summer's World Championships in London, which will be the first of its kind in the UK and will be engraved on the reverse of the medal cases for the event's four-year history.
The number of shops selling so-called legal highs in England and Wales has more than halved since a ban on the sale of the psychoactive substances came into effect in May, the Home Office has said, with the loss of more than 200 jobs.Â£1.5m has been lost since the change in the law.
Astronomers have been voting for the best image of the year to be published in the Astrophotography Year of the Telescope competition, which is held every year on the anniversary of the birth of the International Space Station and the discovery of near-Earth asteroids.
Shares in some of the world's biggest companies were briefly listed at a price of $123.47 on the Nasdaq exchange, causing a bit of a sell-off in the US stock market, but what can you buy for that amount of money, and what do you do with it?
A man who used his mobile phone to film women's skirts has been jailed for 18 months for voyeuristic voyeurism offences at two railway stations in Scotland's capital and Glasgow city centre over a three-month period in 2014-15, a court has heard.
Talks are under way in Rwanda aimed at agreeing a deal to phase out one of the fastest growing greenhouse gases in the world's climate, which has been blamed for causing global warming since the 1970s and the Paris climate change agreement in 2015.Â© Matt McMcAulay.
Mobile phone operator EE has launched its first internet drones that can be connected to the internet using balloons, similar to Google's and Facebook's high-altitude balloons, the firm has said in a press release from its London headquarters, which was watched live by the BBC.
Captain Sam Warburton says Wales' win over France sets up a "massive" Six Nations match against England at Twickenham next month, which will be one of the biggest in the history of the game's biggest fixture in England's home town of 37,000.
Prime Minister David Cameron has apologised to an imam who he accused of sympathising with so-called Islamic State, saying it was a "misunderstanding" to suggest he supports the group's "organisation" or "group of people" in Iraq and Syria.
Plans for a wind farm on Skye have been approved by councillors in the Highlands and Islands after a three-year planning application was submitted to the Highland Council planning committee.Â£1.5m of investment has been approved for the wind farm in the area.
Labour has said it will not support the bill that will give the UK government the power to change EU laws after it leaves the bloc, amid claims it is a "naked power-grab" by the government and a "gravestone in the process of Brexit".
Ride-sharing service Uber is losing more than $1bn (Â£700m) a year in China, it has been reported that the company has admitted to losing in the country for the first time, according to reports from the country's state-run media.
Parents of children who were due to attend a day camp which was shut down after a director was charged with possessing indecent images of children will be refunded, the company has said after criticism from some parents who had not been told.Â£1,000 of compensation will be offered to families.
Canelo Alvarez says he is "not afraid" of Gennady Golovkin after knocking out Britain's Amir Khan at London's O2 Arena Arena on Saturday night to set up a unification fight with the middleweight world champion on 29 September in Las Vegas.
A man who died following a light aircraft crash at the Strabane Airfield in County Tyrone on Saturday morning has been named locally as David McKnight from Hillsborough in the Republic of Ireland, Police Scotland has confirmed in a press release as the victim of the accident.
Tributes have been paid to former England and Preston North End striker Sir Tom Finney, who has died at the age of 89."A true gentleman, a true gentleman," is how one of his former team-mates described him after his death on Sunday.
National League side Stevenage have signed Dutch striker Kevin Verheydt from Dutch side Maastricht for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £1.5m, with a further loan deal for Dennon Lewis coming in from Watford on a month's loan.
Pakistan's military has appointed a new head of the country's intelligence agency, the Inter-Services Intelligence Service (ISI), which has been in charge of its operations for more than 60 years, officials have said in a statement to the BBC.Â£1bn-a-yearly budget has been approved by the military.
Delays in the delivery of a baby boy by emergency Caesarean section led to his death, a coroner has ruled after an inquest into the death of the six-week-old boy.Â£10,000 compensation was paid to his mother and her partner.
Proposals to "ring-fence" the UK's banks from investment losses in the event of a collapse are "well short" of what is required, a watchdog has said.The government's proposed reforms to the sector "fall well short of what's required", it says.
A 23-year-old man has died after being shot in the street in Sheffield, prompting a murder investigation by police and the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into the circumstances of the fatal attack, the BBC has learned from local residents.Police are treating the shooting as attempted murder.
A second French tourist has died while snorkelling on Australia's Great Barrier Reef, in the second such incident in less than 24 hours, it has been reported in two days.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $1.8m) has been spent on rescue efforts.
A protein in spider venom could be used to treat some of the brain damage caused by a stroke, according to a new study in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in the US and the Australian journal of the Royal Society for the Promotion of the Advancement of Science.
Northern Ireland's fire, prison and police services are to share a new training college after the original plan to create a joint training college was abandoned, the BBC has learned from a draft report set out by the Office of the First and Deputy First Minister and the Department of Justice.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being injured in a fall in Gwynedd, the fire service has said in a press release to the BBC Wales news website.Â£2,000 of donations have been made to help fund the rescue.
A small group of blind cricketers sit on a cricket field in the small village of Unity in the north-west of Guyana, waiting for the ball to hit the stumps, as they prepare to take on a team of sighted men and women in a Twenty20 match.
Jack Johnson is one of the most talked-about children on the BBC's Tales of the 10 this week, and his parents are hoping a cure for a rare muscle-wasting disease will soon be found to help him and other children with the condition he has been diagnosed with.
A woman who was jailed for taking more than £100,000 from a Dumfries pensioner has lodged an appeal against her conviction and jail term at the Court of Session in Edinburgh.Â£110,000 compensation is to be paid to the victim of the fraud.
US swimmer Ryan Lochte has been dropped as a sponsor of Speedo swimwear and Ralph Lauren, two of the biggest names in sportswear, have said they will not renew their contracts with the disgraced US swimmer, who is known as the "Ugly American".
Hampshire were relegated to Division Two of the County Championship after Durham beat Lancashire by eight wickets in their final game before the end of the 2016 season at Edgbaston to secure promotion.Â£1m will be paid to Surrey for the 2017 campaign.
Middlesbrough manager Aitor Karanka says the club are not in a rush to sign new players as they prepare for their return to the Premier League after a seven-year absence, but believes more must be made to bolster their squad."We need more players, especially central defenders," says the Spaniard.
Belfast Harbour has announced plans to build a new office block at the centre of the city's waterfront development project, which will be one of Northern Ireland's largest office buildings to date, with a cost of £46m, in a bid to meet growing demand.
When Paralympic champion and former event-riding champion Claire Haywood was paralysed from the chest down, she thought the London Marathon would be the "biggest challenge" of her life. Now she is aiming to become the first person to complete the race unaided using a robotic walking suit.
The US justice department has criticised "serious systemic deficiencies" at the San Diego County jail in California, saying conditions remain "unacceptable" despite improvements made in the past decade to reduce violence and reduce suicides in the jail and improve health care and community supervision for inmates.
A man has been given a taste of what it's like to have a banana growing in his back garden after it was grown in South Yorkshire for the first time - and it tastes pretty good! Click here to see the video.Â£1,000 worth of bananas has been harvested from a banana tree in Sheffield.
If you're a tennis fan, you'll have seen the video of David Nalbandian's frustration at the end of his match against Marin Cilic in the Wimbledon men's final on Saturday night... and it wasn't just because he kicked out at an advertising board.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford praised the "incredible" performance of Luke Rowe in helping Chris Froome win his third Tour de France title, saying the Welshman would have been in "big trouble" without his contribution to Team Sky's success.
Scientists have discovered a 500-year-old fossil of coal in Argentina, which they believe could hold the key to understanding the origin of coal mining in the world's oldest known plant fossils... and it's made up entirely of coal, not sugar!Â£1.5m worth of it!
New Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha's style of play will be "unpredictable" when he takes charge of the Ibrox side on Saturday, according to Hamilton Academical boss Martin Canning, but that does not mean it will be a shock to his team.
England have called up pace bowler Steven Finn for the second Test against Pakistan at Edgbaston, which starts on Wednesday after he was dropped for the first two matches of the three-match series."We're backing a guy who hasn't had the best of the summer."
Europe's experimental space vehicle, the X-37B, has crashed into the Pacific Ocean off the Galapagos Islands in a test of its ability to re-enter the Earth's atmosphere after re-entering orbit and coming back to land safely, the European Space Agency says.
The opening of Guernsey's new high schools has been delayed by a month, the government has said, after a review panel's report raised concerns about the cost and cost of revamping the school complex was not considered by a Policy Council meeting on Monday.
Former Greek Finance Minister Antonis Papaconstantinou has been found guilty of doctoring a list of HSBC bank account holders as part of an attempt to hide tax evasion, a court in Athens has ruled. But he has been given a suspended prison sentence.
A hospital refused to pay £1,000 for a blackout blind because it did not meet fire and infection control regulations, a doctor has claimed in a blog post on the NHS website, the Mail on Sunday reports, prompting a probe by the BBC.NHS England has said it is looking into the issue.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been jailed for five years for embezzling timber worth millions of dollars from a state timber company in the city of Kirov, near Moscow, a judge has said, in the first trial of its kind in the country.
A man has been found guilty of raping a pensioner in her south London home after breaking into the property through the front door and attacking her with a meat cleaver, hammer and spade before fleeing with £1,000 in cash and jewellery, a court heard.
The number of NHS fertility treatments available to women in Scotland should be increased to three cycles, according to a leading charity which has urged MSPs to back a call for a change in the rules on IVF treatment in the country to improve access to the procedure.
Hospitals in England and Wales are struggling to cope with the increasing demand on accident and emergency departments, a report has said, with just over 90% of patients being seen and dealt with in four hours in some areas of the country's A&E departments.
Trams have completed their first test run in Manchester city centre ahead of a new £500m Metrolink tram line in the city centre, it has been announced.Â£1.5m plans for a second city crossing have been approved by Transport for Greater Manchester.
US drugmaker Mylan is to cut the price of its EpiPen allergy treatment, after a sharp rise in the cost of the allergy treatment sparked a backlash from parents and politicians and celebrities alike, including actress Sarah Jessica Parker, who said she was ending her relationship with the company.
Britain's Kell Brook will be out of action for six months after suffering an eye injury in his controversial defeat by Gennady Golovkin in Saturday's world middleweight title eliminator at London's O2 Arena, BBC Sport has learned from his trainer Dominic Ingle.
Organisers of the Bristol Half Marathon have said they are determined to go ahead with the event despite a drop in the number of runners taking part in the race due to financial difficulties.Â£10,000 has been pledged by the city council to help pay for the event.
Crystal Palace striker Yannick Bolasie has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months.Â£5m is the price the Eagles would pay to keep him at the club.
Fishermen from other countries will be allowed access to UK waters after Brexit, Michael Gove has said.The SNP has accused the UK government of "startling revelations" over its position on fisheries after the UK's departure from the European Union (EU).
An Indian soldier who was swept away in an avalanche on the Siachen glacier in Indian-administered Kashmir last week has been found alive, the army has said, a week after the disaster that claimed the lives of nine of his colleagues and left another nine missing.
The UK economy grew by 0.6% in the third quarter of the year, official figures have shown, according to the latest estimate of the gross domestic product (GDP) for the three months to the end of September.It was the slowest growth rate since the second quarter of 2015.
Oldham Athletic's League One game against Peterborough United League One side Wigan Athletic has been postponed because of a frozen pitch at the National League club's home ground, Sportsdirect.com Park.com.com Stadium on Saturday, 1 March.com has been re-arranged.
A petrol station has been damaged in an explosion and fire in a suspected ram-raid in a village in Gloucestershire, prompting a police appeal for information to help find the culprits who carried out the "horrific" attack to contact the police.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in Glasgow have released CCTV images of three men they want to trace in connection with the attack in a bid to find the attacker's "vital" potential witnesses to the crime.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information.
Humberside Police's chief constable has written to head teachers asking them to consider holiday requests from parents during school term time, in a letter to the head teachers' union.If parents in England and Wales fail to ensure their children attend school, they could face a fine or prosecution.
Police searching for missing toddler Ben Needham on the Greek island of Zakynthos have started work on a second possible site, believed to be in the area where he was last seen alive 22 years ago, it has been revealed to the BBC.Â£20,000 worth of soil has been dug up.
Ed Miliband has insisted he will not rule out forming a coalition with the SNP if he fails to win a majority in the general election, as David Cameron urged voters not to "gamble" with the party's rivals in a bid to "distract voters from the big choices".
The Super Bowl may be over, but American football is still going strong in the United States, with the New England Patriots winning the biggest prize in American football history, the Vince Lombardi trophy.So what are the best ways to get involved in the sport and how can you get started?
A man has been jailed for life for the "wicked and despicable" murder of his six-year-old granddaughter who died after he inflicted "catastrophic" injuries on her in a row over her father's infatuation with his ex-partner.
Jordan Williams scored twice as Barrow came from behind to beat League Two Taunton Town and reach the FA Cup second round for the first time this season.Â£20,000-rated Barrow beat the lowest-ranked side in the competition in the first round.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram will join Adelaide Strikers Adelaide Adelaide in the Big Bash Twenty20 competition in Australia next winter.Â£250,000 will be paid to the South African batsman by the Welsh county for his two-year deal with the club.
The head of the Office for National Statistics (ONS) in Wales has said he is "anxious" about a possible move of jobs from Newport to London as part of a review of the organisation's work.The union has said it would not welcome any such a move.
On a recent visit to the northern Iraqi town of Qadia, near the border with Syria, we were eavesdropping on a group of Yazidi women and children who had just returned to their village after fleeing the so-called Islamic State (IS) group was driven out of their home.
Australia captain Michael Clarke hit his first Test century since the death of team-mate Phillip Hughes on the opening day of the first Test against South Africa, in memory of the batsman who died last month from a brain haemorrhage suffered in a training ground accident.
Bristol's railway station has introduced temporary measures to make it easier for people with mobility problems to get to the main platform, BBC Radio Bristol has been told by the station's operator, Great Western Railway, to improve the access for disabled people.Â£500,000 is to be spent on a new bridge to improve access.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta has been brought to its knees by a cyber-attack, according to the company that runs the website, which it says is working but with "slowly and with interruptions" because of the disruption caused by the attack.
Veteran actor John McCowen, best known for his role as Q in Sean Connery's Never Say Never Again, has died at the age of 88. His family has paid tribute to the Welsh actor, who was best known as a stage and screen star.
Roma legend Francesco Totti has signed a new two-year contract with the club, keeping him at the Italian champions until the end of the 2016-17 season.The club's all-time leading goalscorer has thanked them for giving him another two years at the club.
Quinton de Kock and Hashim Amla hit centuries as South Africa beat England by eight wickets in the third one-day international to level the series at 2-2 and take a 3-2 lead in the five-match Twenty20 series.
The EU referendum is having little impact on business in Northern Ireland, according to a survey by the Northern Ireland Chamber of Commerce, which surveyed members of the business community.More than half of its members in the region do not support a UK exit from the EU, a survey suggests.
A double-decker bus has burst into flames and exploded in Bishopsgate in central London, causing the closure of a major road in the area for more than an hour and causing a fuel spillage of up to £10,000 in smoke and flames.
Morrisons has raised the price of Marmite for the first time in more than a year, according to reports from the supermarket chain's website and supermarket websites, by more than £2.50 a jar.Â£1.50 at Sainsbury's and £1.35 at Waitrose.
Glasgow School of Art has opened a new building on the opposite side of Renfrew Street to the landmark that inspired Charles Rennie Mackintosh's masterpiece, The Great Hall of Glasgow School of Music and Drama.Â£30m has been spent on a new design for the art school.
Scottish Labour leader Owen Smith has called on the European Union to "do not let Scotland down now" in its bid to stay in the union.Â£1bn-a-year EU budget cuts will need to be negotiated, he has told MEPs in Brussels.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has retired from international cricket after playing his final Test match for the hosts against India on the final day of the two-match series.Â£1.5m auction of his cricket memorabilia will be held in Colombo on Friday.
High winds and heavy rain have brought down trees across parts of Scotland, including Aberdeen, Edinburgh and parts of Peterhead and Tayside, police have said, with some roads blocked by fallen branches in the north east of the country and the National Trust for Scotland shut sites.
The European Commission has announced a multi-million-euro aid package to help struggling farmers in Northern Ireland, but there will be no increase in the milk intervention price, it has been confirmed to the Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) and the Democratic Unionist Party.
Pedro Caixinha praised his Rangers players for their "hard work and teamwork" in the 1-1 draw with Hearts, despite admitting his side "did everything we could to win" at Ibrox on Saturday."I'm happy with the way they fought until the end," said the manager after his side's 2-2 draw.
Conservationists in Scotland are helping to prepare for the return of a rare Japanese otter to the island of Kyushu in northern Japan next month, BBC Scotland has learned.Â£10,000 has been donated to help with the reintroduction of the mammal.
When I arrived in Bangkok, I had no idea what to expect on my first day in the capital of the world's second-largest economy, but I did know I was in for a rude awakening when I put on my weathered sandals for the first time in my life.
A UKIP election candidate has apologised after appearing to question whether the NHS should provide free treatment for foreigners with HIV who are not British, the party has said after she tweeted a comment she made about the issue.The Liberal Democrats have said they "wholeheartedly support" free NHS care.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Alves will leave the club at the end of the season after eight years at the Nou Camp, the Spanish champions have confirmed on social media.Â£25m-rated Villarreal have agreed a deal to sign the Brazilian on a three-year deal.
US rocket company SpaceX has carried out a pre-flight test of its Falcon rocket, designed to check that all systems are working properly before launching the vehicle for the first time since it was developed in 2010.Â£200m (US$250m) worth of satellites are due to be sent into orbit this week.
Detectives investigating the murders of two British tourists in Thailand are to return to the UK after completing their work in the country, police have confirmed to the Foreign Office (FCO) and the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news channel (FBTV).Â£100,000 worth of DNA samples have been taken from suspects.
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra led from the front as his side drew with Hampshire on the final day of their County Championship Division Two match at New Road, despite being four wickets down at the close of the day four match at the Ageas Bowl.
People who live outside Wales should not be allowed to stand as assembly election candidates, two former Welsh secretaries have said as part of a proposed amendment to the assembly's rules on assembly election expenses, it has been claimed in the House of Lords and the House Of Lords.
It's the latest in a series of attacks on the Conservatives' plans for the welfare system, and it's not just from the left-of-centre press, it's also from the right-wing press.Theresa May has been accused of not being able to show how much money she will spend on social care and immigration.
Mercedes technical boss Paddy Lowe is to leave the team at the end of the season after three and a half years in charge of Formula 1's world champions Mercedes, according to sources close to the British team say, BBC Sport has learned from BBC Radio 5 live.
A knife has gone missing from a privately-run prison in Northumberland, a union has said, leading to "deeply concerning" reports that a prisoner may have been caught with the weapon in the hands of a staff member or a prisoner in the jail.
A 91-year-old motorcyclist who died in a crash while attempting to set a new national record has been described as a "well-liked and highly regarded" member of the club he was riding for had been trying to break the record for the oldest rider.
The brother of a British holidaymaker who was found dead on a Thai island has said his family are "devastated" by the death of their "beloved" brother-in-law, who had been missing for more than a month and has left behind a young daughter.
Arsenal Ladies have announced they will stop using the 'Ladies' part of their name after the Women's Super League One club announced they are to change their name to the 'Arsenal Ladies' from the end of the 2017-18 season, in a bid to promote equality.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a man was found in woodland in Surrey, police have said, with a post-mortem examination expected to take place on Monday.Â£20,000 has been raised for a reward for information leading to an arrest.
A British teacher who died in a carbon monoxide leak in China died as a result of an accident caused by a faulty water heater, a coroner has ruled at the inquest into her death in Barnet, north London, where she was a student teacher, it has emerged.
Labour MPs have defied the party's leadership by abstaining from a vote in the House of Commons against the Conservatives' plan to force future UK governments to run a budget surplus when the economy is growing, the BBC has learned from the BBC's political editor Laura Kuenssberg.
The founder of what is thought to be the oldest carnival in Europe is to be honoured with a week of events to mark the 50th anniversary of the event's launch in the city where he started it 50 years ago, it has been announced in a city centre parade.
Bournemouth striker Danny Wilson says he is "feels like a football player again" after making his return from a knee injury in his first Premier League game of the season for the Cherries since September.Â£1m signing Callum Wilson has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract.
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in the United States on charges that he travelled to Pakistan to fight against US forces, the US justice department has said in a court filing in New York City on Wednesday night and has been charged with terrorism-related offences.
Brighton came from two goals down to beat Ipswich Town and go top of the Championship for the first time this season.Brighton wore black armbands in tribute to the victims of the Shoreham air crash as they beat their local rivals at Portman Road.
A cash machine has been stolen and a JCB machine used to smash through the front of a shop in Derbyshire, leaving the building "devastated", its owner has said, adding it will be weeks before it is ready to reopen for trading again.
The sister of a junior doctor whose body was found in the sea off the coast of Dorset has launched a fundraising campaign to help save the lives of other junior doctors in similar circumstances in the future, the BBC has learned from her sister's sister."Even if just one person was saved, to their family that would be everything."
A record number of people have taken to the Scottish mountains for skiing and snowboarding this winter, according to figures released by Ski Scotland and CairnGorm Mountain in the Highlands and Dumfries and Galloway, with more than 300,000 expected to take part this weekend.
The son of Jean McConville has said Sinn Féin leader Gerry Adams told him he feared a backlash if he released the names of the IRA members involved in the murder of the Belfast mother-of-10 in order to clear his father's name.
Have you ever wondered what it would look like if you were to move in with one of the most famous dinosaurs in the world, but don't have the space to fit it?Â£1,000 to spend a few weeks in a museum is a pretty good place to start.
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her baby son, who died after being found seriously injured at a house in Kent earlier this month and later died in hospital from his injuries in the city a week after the incident, police have said.
The DUP's Edwin Poots has said there is a "stench" in Northern Ireland from the activities of the IRA, but that he is prepared to do business with Sinn Féin in the interests of peace in the country, despite having an association with the republican party.
A 15-year-old girl was raped and murdered by a man she met on Facebook, a court has heard, after being held captive by another man who groomed her online and took her off into the night, a jury has been told in the first case of its kind.
Wigan Warriors centre Lewis Tierney has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League club, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 Super 8s season, with the option of a further 12 months in the club's favour.
A parade has taken place in Rossnowlagh, County Donegal, to mark the start of the annual Twelfth of July parade by Orangemen and women from the Royal Irish Regiments of Ulster and the Irish Guards (RDS).The parade was attended by more than 2,000 people.
Each party has its own manifesto for the general election in the UK - and we've put together a selection of them for you to look at ahead of the 7 May poll in your local area of interest. Read on to find out more about them and the key promises they have to offer.
Birmingham City manager Harry Redknapp says it has been "very difficult" to sign the players he has been chasing this summer because he is "desperate" to improve his squad before the new season gets under way in a bid to boost his hopes of promotion.
Blackpool were held to a draw by 10-man Colchester at Bloomfield Road, despite being reduced to 10 men in the closing stages of a 1-1 draw that leaves both teams still without a win in League Two this season.Â£1.5m in the balance at the bottom of the table.
China's "commitment to do something" to tackle overproduction of steel is a "very positive step forward", Business Secretary Sajid Javid has said, as he called on the country to take action to help the crisis-hit industry in the UK.
Hundreds of police officers have attended the funeral of a Durham Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) officer who was best known for his role in a reality TV show.He was described as a "true friend" who put "others before himself" in his final days.
More people in Wales have access to superfast broadband, according to the latest report from telecoms regulator Ofcom on the state of the communications market in the Welsh Isles and the UK as a whole - but there is still room for improvement, it has been revealed.
Tata Steel has confirmed it is in talks to sell its Speciality Steels division to a US private equity firm for an undisclosed sum, which could lead to the loss of up to 400 jobs in South Yorkshire and the South East of England by the end of the year.
People are being invited to give their views on plans to build a travellers' site in a Powys town which has been identified as an "immediate or urgent need" for travellers' parking space in the county's cemetery car park for the first time in more than 50 years.
Woodpeckers have been blamed for the damage caused to a church spire in Surrey, which is to be replaced with oak to stop it being damaged by the insects that have infested it over the past year, it has been revealed in a report.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has called Republican rival Lindsey Graham's phone number to try to get him to drop out of the race for his party's nomination, according to a Politico reporter who tracked him down to his hotel in New York City, where he hung up on him.
US President Barack Obama has hailed the opening of the nation's healthcare exchanges as a "historic day" for his signature healthcare law, despite glitches and site crashes on the first day of enrolment for millions of Americans seeking health insurance under the law's "Obamacare" law.
A security alert in Londonderry has ended with the discovery of a hoax bomb in the city centre, Northern Ireland's Chief Inspector of Public Prosecution Service (NPS) has said, blaming those responsible for the device's "irresponsible" actions.
The US government is proposing new rules to cut down on the use of electronic devices while driving, in an effort to cut the number of crashes.Â£1.5bn worth of vehicles are to be sold in the US over the next five years, it has announced.
A cross-party delegation from Northern Ireland will travel to Colombia this week as part of efforts to broker a peace deal between the Colombian government and the Farc rebel group in a bid to end the country's longest-running civil war, the BBC has learned.
A man had to be rescued after he became stuck on a garden fence in Coventry when a metal railing fell on his leg and sliced off part of his right thigh in the early hours of the morning, the ambulance service has said, describing it as a "difficult" rescue.
Adam Lyth's maiden first-class century put Yorkshire in a strong position against Surrey on day three of their One-Day Cup match at The Oval.Â£1.5m Yorkshire need to win to stay in contention for a place in the final four.
A man has been banned from driving for six months after crashing his car into a house in West Sussex, causing a fire and damaging several other vehicles.Â£1,000 worth of damage.ÂÂ£2,000 in fines and costs.Â€¦
Ken Morley has been told by Channel 5 he will be investigated by Ofcom over complaints about his behaviour on the set of The Only Way is Essex, it has been announced on social media and the BBC's Newsbeat website, as well as his son's apology.
Irish Water has said it will take up to 18 months to replace a water main which has been damaged in a burst pipe in the Republic of Ireland, with a budget of 2-3m euros (Â£1.8m-2.9m).
A woman has been threatened with a knife during an attempted robbery at a jewellers in Londonderry in which a man held the shop assistant at knife-point, police have said in a new appeal to help catch the robbers who made off with a quantity of cash.
SDLP MLA Colum Eastwood has said he will stand against the party's leader Alasdair McDonnell for the leadership of the Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) in the upcoming assembly election in Northern Ireland's second city, Londonderry, later this year.
A town which has twice been named Scotland's "worst town centre" has been named the winner of the Carbuncle Award at the annual Scottish Design Awards for the best place to live in Scotland for the second time in three years.Â£10,000 has been awarded to Cumbernauld residents for their civic pride.
Three men have appeared in court after cannabis with an estimated street value of more than £100,000 was seized in Douglas, County Antrim, just days before the Isle of Man TT road races, police have said in a police report to the procurator fiscal.
Welsh Labour needs to "front up and say "we have not done everything we wanted to see" if it is to be the "natural party of Wales", the party's former Welsh secretary has told the BBC's Sunday Supplement on the future of the party.
Europe's new Solheim Cup captain Annika Sorenstam believes England's Charley Hull has the potential to become a top-10 golfer in the world and even a world number one at some point in the future, if given time to mature.
A £10,000 investment in a lost luggage tracker company which was featured on BBC Scotland's Dragons' Den programme has been withdrawn after "issues arose during due diligence", the show's presenter has said in an online post on the subject following the episode's broadcast.
Bangladesh's power grid has been restored after a major blackout hit the country for more than 24 hours on Saturday, bringing back electricity supplies for the first time in more than a year.Â£1bn worth of electricity has now been restored, the country's government says.
Sports Minister Carál Ní Chuilín Nesbitt has ordered a full audit of Sport NI's working culture and a full review of the organisation's working practices in the wake of the resignation of nine board members earlier this week, amid concerns about its leadership.
The NHS in England will no longer be able to choose which cancer drugs should be funded on the NHS, under new plans from the health watchdog NHS England and the Department for Health and Social Care (NHS) in a bid to improve access to cancer medicines.
A gay man who stabbed a fellow pub-goer in the neck with a steak knife because he thought he was a "queer" has been jailed for eight years and three months.Â£1,000 in fines and costs for the attack and having an offensive weapon, a court has heard.
The families of three London schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants are "distraught" that two of them have been married, a lawyer for their families has told the BBC's Panorama news programme, saying it is "not good news".
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger has been given a three-match touchline ban after being sent off during his side's 1-1 draw with Burnley in the FA Cup fourth round replay at Emirates Stadium, the Football Association has confirmed to BBC Radio Solent.
A pair of 17th Century cups and saucers worth thousands of pounds have been stolen during a burglary at a stately home, the Metropolitan Police have said in a fresh appeal for help to track down the culprits who made off with the valuable items.
The owners of a private hospital where patients with learning disabilities were physically and verbally abused failed to act on concerns about the safety of patients, an independent report has found, describing them as "unworkable" and "poorly paid and untrained" in their management.
Glamorgan batsman Ben Wright has left the county by mutual consent after his contract with the Welsh county was terminated by mutual agreement, with the option of a one-year extension to his current deal at the end of the current season, reports BBC Wales Sport.
Raffaele Sollecito, the former boyfriend of Amanda Knox, has had his conviction for the 2007 murder of British student Meredith Kercher overturned by Italy's Supreme Court, six years after they were first convicted and sentenced to 25 years in jail.
Masters champion Jordan Spieth's collapse at Augusta will leave him "scarred" for life, says five-time major winner Sir Nick Faldo, who won the Green Jacket in 1996 after his own dramatic collapse at the tournament in 1997.Â£1.5m loss will leave the American "in shock", says Faldo.
Athletics' governing body has defended its decision to bar a Botswana sprinter from competing at the World Championships because of a norovirus outbreak, saying it was a "waste of time and money" and "a waste of money and training".
Goals from Gaston Ramirez and Stewart Downing gave Middlesbrough their first home win of the season as they beat 10-man Bournemouth at the Riverside Stadium to move into the top half of the Premier League table with three games to go in the season.
The former first minister of Northern Ireland, Lord Bannside Paisley, has been speaking to the BBC about the centenary of the Ulster Covenant and how the Orange Order should mark its centenary with Saturday's parade in Belfast, writes the BBC News NI's Stephen Davies.
League Two side Luton Town have signed Hibernian midfielder Ross McCormack on a season-long loan from Premier League side Birmingham City, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m deal will be made permanent in the summer, subject to international clearance.
Belgian police have arrested four people on suspicion of planning terrorist attacks in the capital, Brussels, and in other cities, the interior minister has said, after a series of raids in the past week on suspected Islamist militants in the country's south-eastern regions.
Angry residents of the Grenfell Tower have confronted Theresa May as she visited the site for the first time since the fire which killed at least 48 people and left at least 80 injured on Thursday night, her office has said, amid scuffles outside a church.
Leigh Centurions have agreed a deal to sign England international half-back Matty Chase from Salford Red Devils for an undisclosed fee on a three-year contract, reports BBC Radio Manchester.Â£1.5m has been paid to the player's agent.
The direct air service between Dundee and London Stansted Airport is to continue for another two years after securing funding to keep it in Scotland, it has been announced.Â£3.7m has been secured for the Dundee-London service.ÂÂ£1.5m of public funds.
Anglo American, one of the world's biggest mining companies, has announced plans to cut more than half its workforce as part of a restructuring plan to save $3.7bn (Â£2.5bn) over the next three years, as its share price has fallen 12.3%.
The motorcyclist involved in the crash that killed French rider Léon Demoitie in Sunday's WorldTour race was not going too fast, his team has said."It was a very unfortunate, horrible accident for both sides," says the rider's lawyer.
Ireland centre Stuart McCloskey has signed a new three-year contract with Ulster that will keep him at Kingspan Stadium until the end of the 2018-19 season, with the option of a further 12 months to extend it if he is offered a new deal.
The US space agency (Nasa) has launched a spacecraft to collect samples of asteroid Bennu, a 4.5-billion-year-old rock that is rich in organic molecules that may be the precursors to life on Earth.Â£1bn mission is the first sample-return mission to an asteroid.
A woman has been ordered to return to Japan with her three-year-old son in breach of his father's custody rights, a High Court judge has ruled in a case involving a child abduction case in which the boy was brought to the UK unlawfully, it has emerged.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing serious injury by dangerous driving after a car crashed off a promenade and rolled down a hillside, police have said, adding he is being questioned by police in connection with the crash.Â£10,000 of insurance money has been paid to the victims.
At least 10 bodies have been found in a mass grave in the north-eastern Kenyan town of Kilimanjaro, police say, after reports of extrajudicial killings and enforced disappearances by security forces in Somalia's coastal region of Siiria and the surrounding area.
A powerful cyclone has hit the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, killing at least two people and injuring more than 100 others, the country's president has said, and leaving more than 1,000 missing.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused in the Pacific nation.
The number of Syrian refugees arriving in the UK is "largely the same" as it has been over the last few months, Immigration Minister Matt Harrington has told MPs, but refused to say how many have arrived so far in the past six months or so.
The criminal courts charge is creating "perverse incentives" for defendants to plead guilty and reduce their sentences, MPs have said in a report to the justice committee in the House of Commons on Wednesday.The government has been accused of "grave misgivings" about the charge.
Asda has been accused of failing to act quickly enough to fix security flaws on its online shopping site that could have allowed hackers to access customer data without the knowledge of the website's users, according to a security researcher who raised the alarm about the issue two-and-a-half years ago.
A former drug-smuggling pilot has been jailed for trying to kill a homeless man with an axe because he was "fed up" with his attempts to claim squatter's rights in his flat, a court has heard, in an attack he carried out "on the spur of the moment".
Mexico stunned Olympic champions Brazil with a shock 2-1 extra-time victory in the men's football final at Wembley Stadium to win gold for the first time in a major tournament for more than 50 years and end their hosts' hopes of a first gold medal in Rio.
The Royal Mint has announced that the current £1 coin is to be phased out of circulation as part of the introduction of the new 12-sided £1 in October 2015, in time for the Queen's Jubilee year on 20 April.Â£1 coins are being returned to piggy banks and saving jars.
Former world number one Ivan Lendl says he has had "a lot of enquiries" about the possibility of coaching Andy Murray again, but will not commit to the role until the right time is right for him to return to the game after his split from the Scot.
A woman has told a court she was raped by a man who grabbed her by the neck and choked her as she lay unconscious on the ground in an Edinburgh city centre alleyway, the Old Bailey has been told by a defence barrister for the first time.
Sam Allardyce has been appointed Sunderland manager until the end of the season after agreeing a three-year deal with the Championship club, with the option of a further 12 months if he wins the job on a longer-term basis."I'm looking forward to working with the players," says the former England boss.
It's a father and son story with a twist - and it's a family one that's been going on for more than a quarter of a century - but it's time for the Llewellin family to dust off their dungarees and get back to shooting.
Islamic State (IS) is committing genocide in Iraq, lawyer Amal Clooney has said, as she called for a UN investigation into the group's atrocities in the country to be carried out in the same way as the Rwandan genocide of 1994-95.
An academy school in Southampton is to merge with another in a bid to save it from closure, the trust that runs it has said, after a management shake-up in the past year left it with a new board of governors and a new head teacher at the helm.
Police in Germany have charged seven migrants with attempted murder after a man was set on fire in a Berlin underground station on Christmas Day, in what is thought to be the country's first such attack on a migrant since the migrant crisis began in Europe.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $1.8m) in damages.
David Cameron has said it will be up to individual Conservative ministers to decide whether to campaign for Britain to leave the EU during his renegotiation of the UK's relationship with the bloc, rather than "strongarm" them into backing him in a referendum.The prime minister has said he will not be "strong-arming" his own ministers.
A US appeals court has ruled that Brendan Dassey, the man featured in the documentary series Making a Murderer, should be freed from prison immediately after his conviction for a crime he did not commit was overturned by a lower court judge, but the case has not yet been decided.
A crowd-funding campaign to buy access to hacking tools used in the WannaCry cyber-attack has been abandoned after criticism from security researchers and legal experts, who say it could be a breach of their right to free speech and may even be illegal to do so.
Aston Villa have signed Bristol City striker Jonathan Kodjia for a club record fee of £5.5m, subject to a work permit and a sell-on clause, on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further year.
Academy chains are among the most and least successful at improving pupils' performance, according to a new analysis of the effectiveness of local authorities and multi-academy trusts in England, and are not doing as well as they should be, a think tank has said.
Doctor Who fans have been given a rare glimpse of The Web of Fear, one of 11 missing episodes of the show that have been found in a Nigerian warehouse.The Doctor Who archive has also revealed two previously unseen episodes of The Enemy of the World, both of which are to be made available for sale.
Transport services provider Menzies Group has cut its full-year profit outlook for the aviation division after it said it was "disappointed" by ongoing problems at London Gatwick Airport and is working towards a resolution before the end of the financial year, but remains "well placed to drive earnings".
Russia has criticised Boris Johnson's decision to cancel a planned visit to Moscow, accusing him of being a "poodle of Washington" and a "mini-me" to the US, calling him a "bogus" for looking "daft" and "shameful".
A police force's poster warning parents not to use the threat of arrest as an excuse for bad parenting has gone viral on social media, sparking a debate about whether the force should be used to "encourage bad parenting" instead of "reinforce bad parenting".
Police in Scotland are investigating an allegation of historical child sex abuse against the late peer Lord Janner, the BBC has learned from a senior officer in the force's anti-child sex abuse unit in Edinburgh.Â£100,000 of public money has been seized by officers investigating the issue.
Lincoln Ladies have confirmed they will play their home games at Nottinghamshire's Notts County Ground from the start of the new Women's Super League season on 1 July, with the club saying it will be a "one-to-one" partnership with the men's side.
Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers has said flag protests are damaging the image of Northern Ireland around the world and are "counter-productive" to the cause they are trying to promote in the UK and Ireland at a time of "difficult political times" in Northern Ireland.
A motorcyclist has died after being involved in a collision with a tractor in Lincolnshire, police have said, which also left the tractor's driver in hospital with "life-threatening" injuries, it has been reported to be serious but not life-threatening.
Chris Evans has said he will not get married until Australia legalises same-sex marriage, as he and his fiancÃ© partner have been "astounded" by the country's lack of gay marriage laws and the lack of equality for gay couples in the country.
England completed a 3-0 series whitewash over world champions New Zealand with a comfortable 32-23 win at Twickenham to seal a 3rd-0 win in the Women's Rugby World Cup Qualifiers."We may not have won a World Cup for many years but we are definitely the number one side in the world at the moment," said England head coach Gary Street.
A drug normally used by people with osteoporosis could extend the life of joint replacements by up to five years, a study has suggested, cutting the number of times they fail within five years of implant surgery in the UK and the cost to the NHS.
A woman in the US state of Utah has been sentenced to at least 30 years in prison for murdering six of her own babies and disposing of the bodies of the other two in an apparent murder-suicide plot, police say.Â£1m (US$1.2m; $1.3m) has been recovered so far.
Head teachers have warned that the so-called Trojan Horse allegations could be the "tip of the iceberg" in the fight against extremism in schools in England, despite investigations into the Trojan Horse affair in 2014.There are calls for a national register of governors who have been removed from governing bodies.
Matty Taylor scored two late goals as Bristol Rovers twice came from two goals down to draw with MK Dons at the Stadium MK and end a run of three straight defeats in the League One play-off places with their first league draw of the season.
A controversial genetically modified (GM) rice crop being grown in the Philippines has been destroyed in an attack by anti-GM protestors.Researchers say they are determined to press ahead with the project, despite the setback in the country's first field trial of the crop.
Fabian Delph's summer move from Aston Villa to Manchester City has turned out to be a one-way ticket to the Premier League for the 24-year-old midfielder, who has signed a new four-and-a-half-year contract with the Championship club.
A patient was left on a trolley for more than an hour in an emergency department where a patient died and another was left sitting on a bedpan for an hour, inspectors have said in a damning report on a hospital's A&E unit, which is run by the same hospital where a woman died.
Education Secretary John Swinney is to give a statement on the findings of an independent review into the death of schoolboy Bailey Gwynne, who was stabbed to death at a Glasgow school in 2014, BBC Scotland has learned from the BBC Scotland news website.
For most of his life, Paul Ryan was addicted to drugs - from the age of 15 to 20 he took ecstasy tablets every single day, with the aim of becoming a "big-time gangster drug dealer" by selling thousands of pounds worth of drugs a week.
The University of Sheffield has launched a degree course in Urdu for students reading international business and international relations, as part of its new international degree programme for undergraduates studying international relations and international development at the university in the city, the first of its kind in the UK.
Turkey's President Recep Tayyip Erdogan and his family are involved in the illegal oil trade with so-called Islamic State (IS) militants, Russia has said, accusing them of "brazenly plundering" territory on its border with Syria to supply the group.
Fans at Download have been asked to pose for selfies with armed police officers at the music festival, despite the recent terror attacks in the UK and the threat level at the event being at "critical" levels, it has been claimed by the police force which runs the event.
The UK will not start formal Brexit negotiations until October or November, the former president of the European Council has said, as EU leaders meet in Slovakia to discuss the future of the bloc.Â£1.2bn of EU funds will not be spent on the UK until after the German elections, he has said.
South Korean tech giant Samsung Electronics has forecast that operating profit for the third quarter of the year will be lower than expected, in a sign that the firm is facing a tough year ahead of its full-year earnings report next month.Â£3.5bn ($4.4bn; $5.1bn) of writedowns will hit profits.
Police in China have arrested two distillers and seized drugs and alcohol with an estimated street value of up to $113,000 (Â£80,000) in a crackdown on the illegal production of alcohol and Viagra, local media report, citing local authorities.
A council has said it has resolved a waste management dispute which has left thousands of tonnes of rubbish left uncollected in Bath and other Somerset towns and cities for more than a week.Â£1.5m worth of waste will be cleared by the end of the week.
TalkTalk has said the scale of a cyber attack on its website was "much more limited" than initially thought, after it revealed that more than half of its customers' financial details had been stolen, but not all of their bank details, it has said.
Ireland's Shane Lowry is one shot off the lead at the US PGA Championship after carding a six-under-par 66 in the third round at the weather-delayed tournament in New York on Saturday.Â£1.5m winner Jason Day carded a final round of 66 to move into a share of the lead with three holes to play.
A student-built electric car has set a new world record for the fastest time to go from zero to 100kph (62mph) in under two seconds, according to the Swiss university where the vehicle was built in Lucerne and ETH Zurich, near Zurich.
A British army officer accused of raping a woman in a Ugandan hotel room has told a court martial his sexual encounter with her was "animal" and "took things further", a witness has told the court martial in the first-ever court martial held in the UK.
Scarlets head coach Wayne Pivac says he would be "devastated" if one of his players did the same thing to Saracens' James Skelton, who threw a punch at the Welsh region's James Davies in their European Champions Cup defeat.
Amazon founder Jeff Bezos has made a big discovery in the ocean off the coast of Florida in the US - he's found one of the missing engines from the first man to set foot on the Moon.Â£1bn worth of lost space junk.â€¦
Thousands of people have flocked to China's annual Winter Olympics and Paralympic Games in Beijing, China, to see the biggest ice sculpture festival in the world, the Beijing International Ice and Snow Sculpture Festival.Â£1.5m is expected to be spent on this year's event.
Ghanaian duo The Busy Twist and Ollie Williams have released a new dance track called 'The Busy' in a bid to capture the mood of Ghana's capital, Accra, ahead of the city's 50th anniversary celebrations later this year.
Tottenham Hotspur's FA Cup match at Leicester City was delayed for more than an hour because of crowd trouble, the BBC has learned from a fan who spent 20 minutes queuing at the ticket office to get a ticket to watch the game on television on Wednesday night.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Friday, despite a better-than-expected jobs report, which was revised upwards by 14,000 from the previous month.Shares in Groupon fell after the daily deals website reported disappointing revenue growth and missed expectations.
Kevin Pietersen's England career has been a rollercoaster ride of emotions, controversy and controversy that has ended with the batsman being dropped from the squad for the final Test against South Africa at Headingley on Wednesday, but he is expected to return to action next week.
Scientists have discovered 93 sets of genes that can cause breast cancer - the most complete picture yet of what causes the disease, say scientists in the UK and the US, and how to treat and prevent tumours in the breast and tumour-causing tumours around the body.
Chronic pain can be caused by a combination of genetic and environmental factors, according to a new study of more than 100,000 people from across Scotland and the UK, including some from the same age group as the study's subjects, it has been claimed.
Chelsea have won the Premier League for the second time in three seasons with a 2-0 victory over Manchester City in the final game of the season at Stamford Bridge on Sunday, sealing their third title in four years, and a third in four seasons in all competitions.
London Metropolitan University staff are to be balloted on strike action in a row over plans to close jobs and cut student numbers by up to 50% in a bid to save £1m a year, it has been announced to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire service.
Dundee United moved to within a point of Scottish League One leaders Hamilton Academical with a comfortable 3-0 win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle in the Scottish Cup quarter-final first round.Â£10,000 of prize money will be awarded to the winners of the match.
Glamorgan's bowlers dominated the first day of their County Championship Division Two match against Kent at Canterbury, taking three early wickets in the first over of the match.Kent's batsmen responded with a strong batting display to leave the game delicately poised at Canterbury.
A 23-year-old man has appeared in court charged with causing the deaths of an 11-year old boy and his aunt in a hit-and-run crash after a police pursuit.The pair were killed when the car they were in ploughed into a family of four.
The parents of a teenage girl who died in a boating accident have launched a campaign to raise awareness of recreational boating safety after their daughter was swept out to sea in a freak accident while out on a day trip with friends on a speedboat trip with her best friend.
Aston Villa midfielder Idrissa Gueye has triggered a clause in his contract that will allow him to leave the club if he does not agree a new deal with the Championship club this transfer window, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport's Tom D'Alessis.
Nigeria's women's Africa Cup of Nations winner, Florence Omagbemi Adebayo, has been nominated for the African Player of the Year award at the 2017 African Professional Footballers' Association (AFA) awards in Abuja, Nigeria.
A major road in Bath has reopened after being closed following a crash involving a lorry and a car in which one person died and two others were injured, it has been confirmed to the BBC's Local Live Live report from the scene of the crash.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused.
Welsh runner David Pollock has run his first half marathon since the Rio Olympics as he took part in the Cardiff Half Marathon on Sunday, 10 days after winning the Aurora 10k in Bangor in his first race since the Games in August.Â£10,000 in prize money has been awarded to him for his performance in Cardiff.
The leader of Bahrain's main Shia opposition group, al-Wefaq, has called on the government to work with reformists within the Sunni Muslim kingdom's royal family to end the crisis in the Gulf state.Â£1bn-a-day protests in Bahrain are "the only way forward", he says.
Two high schools in the US state of Virginia have been closed after complaints about a religious lesson in Arabic led to threats and hateful messages being posted on social media, local media report, prompting the schools to be locked down and monitored by security staff and law enforcement.
Jordi Cruyff's family have thanked fans for their "love, kind words and memories" following the death of his father Johan, the Dutch football legend Johan Cruysdijk, in a statement on social media site Twitter.Â£1.5m will be spent on his funeral.
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova reached the semi-finals of the Aegon Classic in Eastbourne with a 6-4 6-3 win over American qualifier Shelby Rogers.Â£1.5m is on offer to the winner of Saturday's match.
A loyalist community group in Londonderry has unveiled a new flag in a bid to "weaken the impact" of paramilitary flags on the streets of the city and reduce the number of them flying from lamp posts and buildings in public places in the area.
Kris Meeke recovered from a last-gasp crash to win his second World Rally Championship (WRC) win of the season at Rally Argentina despite a late slip-up in the penultimate stage of Sunday's event in Argentina."One way to finish a rally is one way," said the Northern Ireland driver.
Police in Beijing have launched an investigation after a video emerged of a Baidu executive apparently driving a self-driving car while his hands were off the wheel and the vehicle was on autopilot, local media reported on Monday.Chinese police are investigating after the footage was posted online.
Brian Matthew, who has died at the age of 88, was one of the UK's best-known and longest-serving radio and TV presenters, and one of its best-loved presenters and presenters until his death in January 2017 at his home in Coventry.
Sale Sharks' new signing Josh Charnley says he wants to be a "free-flowing player" when he makes his union debut in Saturday's game against Northampton Saints at the AJ Bell Stadium, rather than trying to find his place in the team.
Israel's new police chief has been sworn in, promising to improve the security of the country's Arab community.Â£1bn ($1bn; $1.2bn) in investment to improve policing in the region.Â© AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
"Is it Hillary Clinton?" asks one of the men in the pub in Consett, County Durham, as he ponders the identity of the woman pictured on the front page of the local paper on the eve of the general election on 8 June - but the answer is not so clear.
Spanish singer Enrique Iglesias has suffered a fractured hand in a freak accident during a concert in Mexico, his publicist has said, but is expected to make a "full recovery" in the next few weeks after undergoing reconstructive surgery in the United States.
There is a "real scope" for cannabis to be decriminalised in Northern Ireland, according to a former senior police officer from Londonderry who was involved in dealing drugs in the 1970s and '80s, he has said in a BBC Talkback.
Johnny Sexton will make his first start of the British and Irish Lions tour against the Maori All Blacks on Saturday, with Owen Farrell and Owen Farrell also included in the starting XV for the first Test against the All Blacks in New Zealand on 24 June, which starts at Eden Park.
Deaf people in Wales are being discriminated against at work because they do not declare they are deaf on their CVs, a charity has said.Â£1.5m has been spent on discrimination against deaf people in the last five years, it has been claimed.
A man has been shot dead outside a barber's shop in Liverpool as part of a "serious escalation" of gang violence in the city, police have said, in the latest in a series of shootings in the area in the space of a week.Police are hunting a gunman who fled the scene.
The United Nations has been accused of "sexist" and "objectifying" after it awarded the title of Wonder Woman to comic book superhero Diana, Princess of Themyscira, at a ceremony at UN headquarters in New York, drawing criticism from both women's rights advocates and men's rights groups.
The Ministry of Defence (MoD) has denied negligence in a case brought by a Royal Marine who was left paralysed after diving into the sea while "chilling out" on a beach in the Canary Islands, the High Court has heard in a pre-trial hearing.
Japan's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has said he has "great confidence" in US President-elect Donald Trump, after meeting him for the first time since he took office on 8 January, in his first meeting with the president-elect since his election victory last week.
The Euro 2016 tournament in France has been a mixed bag so far, with the quality of some of the games not quite matching the standards we have seen in the past, but there has also been plenty of drama and excitement too, especially in the late stages of games.
A transgender woman jailed for indecently assaulting a fellow inmate has lodged an appeal against her sentence, saying she is being sexually harassed by other inmates at a prison in Bristol where she is serving time for a sex offence.The Prison Service has said it has "strict rules" about managing transgender prisoners.
A man and his dog have been rescued from a lake after their car plunged into the water while trying to smash the window of the vehicle's windscreen with a sledgehammer, Hertfordshire Police have said, describing it as a "terrifying" moment.
It's been 30 years since the BBC Micro Computer was first released in the UK, and it's still one of the most popular computers in the world today, with millions of people using it in schools and on their computers every day, even though it is no longer in production.
League Two side Luton Town have signed striker Jordan Pigott on a season-long loan from Southend United, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m move to the Kenilworth Road club in the summer.Â© BBC Radio Lincoln.
Harry Potter and the Cursed Child writer Jack Thorne is to write and produce Electric Dreams, a TV adaptation of sci-fi author Philip Pullman's best-selling novel series of the same name, based on his Blade Runner trilogy of books and short stories.
A girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being shot in the head in a "domestic-related incident" in a village in Northamptonshire, police have said, adding that she is a pupil at her primary school in the area where the shooting took place.
A 95-year-old man who felt "alone" during a live radio phone-in has been taken to the studio by a taxi after listeners offered to pay for his taxi to take him to the show's studio for the rest of the day."I didn't know such kindness existed," he told one caller.
Plans to close a hospital's maternity unit in Oxfordshire if it fails to recruit enough midwives have been described as "horrifying" by a local MP and "a disaster for women's health" by an MP's office.Campaigners have staged a rally to protest against the move.
A new vein of Blue John, one of the world's most famous gemstones, has been discovered in a cave in the Peak District, it has been claimed by a miner who discovered it using a chainsaw and a handrail to cut it out of the rock.
Indian sprinter Manoj Singh has accused the country's anti-doping agency of a "conspiracy" after he failed a drugs test, saying his sample was "tampered with" in a bid to influence the outcome."I am being targeted," said Singh after his failed drugs test.
Tablets are increasingly being used in England's schools, with more than half of pupils having access to a tablet computer at home, a study has suggested, as the number of tablet computers in the classroom continues to rise rapidly and the use of the devices in schools rises.
Students from Queen's University in Belfast are occupying a building in a protest over the university's investments in fossil fuels, including coal, oil and gas, and the use of fossil fuels in its financial services sector, to demand a review of its ethical investment policy.
Guingamp have signed former Derby County winger Adama Camara on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the French club if he is released by the end of the current season, reports BBC Radio Guingamp on Friday.
Singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran has won this year's Mercury Prize for his debut album, Architect, at a ceremony in London's Royal Court of Arbitration for Musicians (Roc) where he dedicated it to the victims of the Paris terror attacks.
A 25-year-old man has been charged with murder in South Africa after a man was stabbed to death in a "love triangle" attack in the Western Cape province on Wednesday, police have said, describing it as "gruesome" and "very gruesome".
The Polish government says it will seek to prosecute former Prime Minister Beata Szydlo's party over the 2010 plane crash that killed President Lech Kaczynski and 96 other people, including European Council President Donald Tusk, but has no plans to do so against him.
Cardiff City are "highly insolvent" with debts of more than £200m, according to the latest financial figures from the Welsh Premier League club.The club's Malaysian owners have said they will continue to support the club for the "foreseeable future" despite its relegation from the Premier League.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car in Brighton in the early hours of Saturday morning, prompting a police appeal for help to find the driver.Â£10,000 has been made available to trace the driver, who failed to stop.
A campaign has been launched to raise money for a statue to commemorate Sheffield's women steelworkers who died during World War Two.A woman who worked in the steel industry in the city has said it is "heartbreaking" they have not been recognised for their sacrifice.
Hartlepool United's Andrew Nelson has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury in a pre-season friendly at Yeovil Town, reports BBC Radio Solent on Monday night and will be out for at least six weeks.
All images are copyrighted and subject to copyright and may not be used without written consent, unless otherwise stated in this article or in accordance with the law or regulation of the UK government or a licence to print. Click here for more information about the BBC's Water Quality Report.
Ireland fly-half Johnny Sexton and flanker Peter O'Mahony were forced off with injuries as Paul O'Connell also limped off as they beat France in a bruising Six Nations contest in Dublin.The Irish avoided a World Cup quarter-final with New Zealand by beating the French in a pulsating encounter.
A drug dealer has been found guilty of murdering his partner's two-year-old son by hitting him over the head with a garden chair in a "horrific" attack at their home in Rhondda Cynon Taff, Caerphilly county.
Mauritius Prime Minister Rajiv Jugnauth has announced he is to step down after 35 years as leader of the island nation's parliament, in a move that could pave the way for an early general election next year.Â£1bn-a-year budget deficit has been declared in Mauritius.
The world's first tissue-engineered windpipe transplant has been carried out in Sweden on an Eritrean student who had an inoperable tumour in his windpipe that would have killed him if it had not been for the pioneering surgery, doctors say.
Nigeria left-back Kenneth Oshaniwa says his move to Hearts is a "big step" in his career after joining the Scottish Premiership club on a two-year deal from Israeli side Ironi Ashdod on Friday."I thank God for the opportunity to come to Scotland," said the defender.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka has withdrawn from this year's US Open because of a family "situation" and will not defend her title in New York next month, the tournament has said in a statement on her official website, citing "ongoing family situation".
Tributes have been paid to a former football player who was found dead in his hotel room in Liverpool after a night out in Merseyside on his return to the Isle of Man from a match in the city on New Year's Eve, police have said.
A bus in London's West End has been transformed into a giant chalk art installation, where passengers can listen to a song on the inside as they make their way to the station to get to the next stop on the way home from the day's rush-hour service.
Marko Arnautovic scored twice as Stoke City moved out of the relegation zone with victory over Aston Villa, who remain without a league win this season.Â£12m-rated Aston Villa remain in danger of relegation from the Premier League after the Potters beat them.
As part of our series of letters from African journalists, we asked you how you use WhatsApp to keep us informed of the most important stories in Africa, the Middle East, Asia and the Americas, and to keep in touch with friends and family in other parts of the world.
It's been a year of extreme weather in the UK, and scientists say that with climate change, we could be heading for even more extreme weather, writes the BBC's Richard Galpin in the south-west corner of England, where extreme weather is becoming a feature of the weather.
Cambridge United reached the FA Cup fifth round for the first time in their history as they held Manchester United to a goalless draw at the Abbey Stadium to set up a fifth-round tie against the Premier League champions at Old Trafford on 24 April - and a trip to Manchester United.
France has called on the Syrian government and its allies to end their bombardment of Kurdish fighters in northern Syria, after Turkey launched a fresh attack on them on the border on Sunday.Â£1bn-a-day ceasefire deal should be put back on the agenda, the French foreign ministry says.
A man has been taken to hospital after being rescued from a fire at a flat in the south side of Glasgow city centre in the early hours of the New Year's Day morning, the fire service has confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website (UK-STV).
Three men have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man who was shot dead outside a meat market after leaving a gym, police have said in a new appeal for help to find his killer's last known accomplices, who were waiting outside the premises.Â£20,000 reward has been offered for information leading to an arrest.
Peterborough United manager Graham Westley says his side's FA Cup disappointment may have "drained" his side after Tuesday's 2-0 defeat by Oldham Athletic left them with a "hangover" from the FA Cup loss at Oldham on Saturday.
The Food Standards Agency (FSA) has lifted the closure of 30 shellfish beds in Cornwall and Devon after tests showed there was "no obvious risk to public health" from E.coli contamination in the waters around the country's three largest estuary sites.
The European Union has warned Russia against "provocative" moves along its disputed border with Georgia, saying it could have "potential negative effects" on the two countries' citizens and the oil and gas industry in the Black Sea region of South Ossetia.
A teacher at a school in the Paris suburb of Saint-Etienne has spoken to the BBC about her students' reaction to the Charlie Hebdo attacks, and how the minute's silence for the victims of the Paris attacks was handled by staff and pupils alike, as well as their own teachers.
Ghana's Ebola response agency has said it will close its headquarters in the capital, Accra, at the end of this month, after moving most of its staff and assets to Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone to help fight the deadly virus there and in neighbouring Guinea and Liberia.
Rescue workers in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, have rescued two more people from the rubble of buildings damaged by Saturday's earthquake, bringing the death toll to 6,130 and 13,827 injured, with thousands still waiting for aid.
(Close): Health care stocks rose after the US Supreme Court ruled that the individual mandate to provide health insurance subsidies for millions of Americans is not automatically renewable, as it had been in place for three years and could be extended for a further 12 months, despite concerns over its legality.
The BBC will broadcast live coverage of Bridlington Town v South Shields in the FA Cup quarter-finals as part of the BBC's coverage of the 2017-18 FA Cup first round, live on television, online, mobile and connected TV from Wembley on Saturday, 19 August.
When I stood on the pitch at Paris St-Germain's Parc des Princes I was taken aback by the reaction of some of the world's most expensive footballers to the pitch I was playing on on Saturday.It was a moment of genuine pride for me.
Venezuela's opposition-held National Assembly has voted to expel three of the four lawmakers suspended by the Supreme Court for refusing to step down, in defiance of a ruling that would strip them of their seats in the body's new assembly of all but one of their own.
Six people have been arrested on suspicion of human trafficking after a lorry was found abandoned on a motorway in the early hours of the morning, police have said, with one person in a critical condition and another in a serious condition in hospital in a stable condition.
Reading books and newspapers more than once a week at the age of 10 can improve children's maths, spelling and vocabulary skills, research has suggested, even if they are not educated by a university-educated parent.The effect of reading for pleasure is greater than that of having a university degree in their home country, researchers say.
Ross County captain Darren Goodwin has been charged with violent conduct by the Scottish Professional Football League after being sent off in Saturday's Scottish Cup quarter-final second-round win at Tannadice on his return to club St Mirren Park from international duty.
It is not every day that the Church of England elects its first woman bishop, and it is not often that it elects a woman in the most senior position in the Church.Â£1bn-a-year bishop is not a position that most people would expect to find themselves in.
The founder of Greggs bakery chain has gone on trial accused of being an "abusive" paedophile who molested boys in the 1960s and 70s.Â£1m worth of chocolate bars were bought by the family bakery chain, a court has heard.
Northstone Group, one of Northern Ireland's largest building materials suppliers, has reported a fall in profits for 2012 compared to the same period in the previous year, mainly due to a drop in its construction division.The company's turnover fell by 9% to a record low.
Since the deadly attack on the Westgate shopping centre in Nairobi in September, security in the Kenyan capital has been tightened up in the wake of the attack, which left 67 people dead and scores more injured, many of them civilians, including the gunman himself.
The Pentagon says it has begun training a small number of Syrian rebel fighters to fight against Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq and Syria, as part of a multi-million-dollar programme to counter the group's growing threat to the country's stability and rule of law.
The first round of voting in the French presidential election has ended, with the two candidates in the running for the presidency of the country's second-biggest political party - the National Front (FN) - facing each other in a run-off to decide who will run the country.
The funeral of a DJ whose body was found in the River Avon has taken place, with his brother describing him as a "showstopper" with a "great sense of humour" and an "increasingly popular" figure in the world of music.
Adam Lanza, the 20-year-old suspected gunman who killed 20 people at a school in Newtown, Connecticut, was a shy and withdrawn teenager, according to those who knew him best and have spoken to the media about his life and his family, including his aunt.
Ireland's women's hockey team have won their first ever World League 2 title with a 3-0 victory over England in Belfast.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the hosts for the best performance of the tournament.Â€/Â£6,000
A health trust has pleaded guilty to health charges after a patient fell from a roof at a mental health unit at the centre of a fatal accident and emergency department investigation, a court has been told in a case of "considerable public interest and concern" over patient safety.
Armed police have arrested two men during a firearms operation in Luton, Bedfordshire, in which a gun and ammunition were seized, the Met Police has said, but said no-one was injured or arrested.Â£20,000 worth of ammunition was recovered.
Is the economic pain caused by the UK's vote to leave the European Union now gone, or is it just not there after the vote, or has been "cancelled" and the UK economy now seems to be recovering from the shock of the vote and the uncertainty that followed it?
UKIP has accused the Liberal Democrats of "scaremongering" about immigration and the impact of austerity on the NHS in Wales in the run-up to the general election on 7 May, the BBC Wales election debate has been told by the party's Welsh leaders.
Milos Raonic beat Roger Federer 6-4 6-3 6-2 to win his first ATP title of the year with victory in the Brisbane International final on Sunday night, ending the Swiss's hopes of a second Australian Open triumph.Â£1.5m in prize money.
Mansfield Town came from behind to beat Morecambe 3-1 at the Globe Arena and end a run of three straight League Two defeats with their first win of the season.Â£1.5m win over the Shrimps was their first at the Cressing Road side since the end of August.
A man has been seriously injured in a "vicious attack" by two masked intruders who broke into his home in Kilmarnock, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to find the attackers who carried out the attack.Â£10,000 of damage has been caused to his home.
Former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson believes Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in Saturday's dramatic Scottish Cup semi-final win over Celtic, but believes the midfielder was the difference in the end at Hampden Stadium Park on a day of high emotion for the Ibrox.
Newport County chairman John Foxall has defended the club's decision to sack Graham Westley as manager, saying it was the "right decision" for the club."The players have smiles on their faces and there has been an uplift in their mood," says Foxall.
The parents of a woman who was murdered in Mauritius have written a letter to Mauritian authorities saying they are unable to travel to the island to attend her funeral because of health problems and are "hopeful" her body will be given the send-off she "deserves".
Fewer than one in five people can name any of the candidates standing for election to their local council, research suggests, with the majority of voters unable to recognise any of their local representatives at the polls in May's local elections in some areas of England and Wales.
The BBC's decision not to renew Jeremy Clarkson's contract with Top Gear has been met with a mixed reaction on social media in countries around the world, ranging from anger to support for the British TV presenter, as well as sympathy for the decision to sack him.
A teacher accused of telling pupils to change for PE in a cupboard so they did not show their thighs and turning his back on a woman as she offered to shake his hand has been cleared of misconduct charges by a disciplinary panel, it has been announced after he was found not guilty.
League Two side Bristol Rovers have signed former Wales defender Gareth Davies on a one-year deal after his contract was terminated by mutual consent at Championship side Brighton & Hove Albion by mutual agreement, with the option of a further year-long loan.Â£1.5m.
Regular exercise can boost the size of an area of the brain that protects memories in old age, a US study suggests, raising the prospect that even moderate exercise can help protect the brain against memory loss in later life, say researchers.Â£1.5bn is needed to find a cure for dementia, say experts.
A coroner has criticised a "gross systemic failure" in the care provided to a man who took his own life at a hospital in County Fermanagh, saying it amounted to a gross "failure in the basic care provided" to him.The government has said it will "urgently" address the recommendations of the coroner.
The mother of a British backpacker stranded in Nepal after the country's earthquake has said she was given a drink and a Snickers bar when she arrived at the British embassy to try to contact the UK embassy to help her daughter return home to the UK, reports the BBC.
Britain's Andy Murray will begin his defence of his Wimbledon men's singles title with a first-round match against British number 17 Naomi Broady on Monday.The Briton has been drawn against Elina Svitolina of Ukraine in the women's singles.
Leading Eurosceptic politicians across Europe have hailed the UK's vote to leave the European Union as a "victory for freedom" and called for a referendum on the issue in other EU countries, saying: "Now it's our turn" for the UK to leave.
A lorry driver and two accomplices have been jailed for smuggling 20 illegal immigrants into the UK in a "well-run organised crime group motivated by money", the Home Office has said, describing them as an "organised crime group" with links to a Barnsley home.
Prince Harry has performed the Haka dance in Auckland, New Zealand, to mark the 70th anniversary of the start of the New Zealand rugby union team's World Cup victory over the Maori All Blacks in the rugby union match against the All Blacks on Saturday.
The amount of unhealthy food and drink being promoted in shops is affecting the health and diet of consumers in Scotland, according to a new report by food safety experts in the country's schools and hospitals and the public health service (FSNIHRC) and the Scottish government.
Partick Thistle have confirmed they are investigating allegations of historical child sexual abuse made by a former employee in the 1970s and '80s when he was a member of the club's coaching staff, but have said no other allegations were made to the club at the time.
A travellers' community in Essex has had its fence ripped out and shrubbery damaged to allow unauthorised lorries and mobile homes to drive through it, it has been claimed by a residents' group who fear a "Dale Farm II" could be built there.
Li Ka-shing, the billionaire owner of Hong Kong-based conglomerate Cheung Kong Holdings, is in exclusive talks with Spanish telecoms giant Telefonica about buying O2, the UK's second biggest mobile phone operator, in a deal worth £5.5bn.
Wales coach Robin McBryde says the Judgement Day double-header against the Ospreys and Scarlets this weekend will give players a chance to prove they are ready for the British and Irish Lions tour to New Zealand in June."There could be as many as 9/10 Welsh players selected for the tour."
Engineers in Switzerland have developed a robot that can detect and respond to a person's movements and send them back to their home via a smart phone app, just like a real-life human being, using a camera fitted with a built-in gyroscope and accelerometer.
Two men have been jailed for defrauding businesses out of thousands of pounds by posing as emergency services to sell adverts for non-existent magazines and online adverts, police have said in a press release from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in Merseyside.
A fund has been set up to help refugees who have arrived in Scotland from war-torn Syria to settle in to a new life in the north east of the country and make a new start to their new life here in the UK and beyond.More details of how to donate to the fund can be found here.
It's that time of year again when business leaders are gearing up for another busy year in the world of running or setting up their own company, and it's time to reflect on the past 12 months and plan for the next 12 months ahead of us all, as 2016 beckons.
Cornish Pirates back-row forwards Alex Cheesman and Morgan Morgan have both signed new two-year contracts with the Cornish Pirates until the end of the 2017-18 season, with the option of a further 12 months at the club's end of 2018-19.
Thousands of people have marched in Stafford to protest against the possible closure of services at the town's Stafford Hospital, which has been criticised by a health watchdog for failing to meet its own targets for staffing levels and staffing levels over the past four years.A campaign group has called for the hospital to remain open.
A Flintshire man has shared a picture of himself in hospital with a colostomy bag after having bowel surgery to treat a serious bowel condition he had been told he would have to live with for the rest of his life, to raise awareness of the condition.
President Donald Trump is not a man who shies away from controversy, however, when it comes to the issue of Confederate monuments, as he was recently asked about the fate of his predecessor, George Washington, and his father-in-law, Thomas Jefferson, in the wake of Charlottesville.
A new tram line linking the cities of Derby and Nottingham could be built as part of a £1bn East Midlands light metro project, it has been revealed in a document from the region's local councils to the government in a bid for devolution to the region.
Newport Gwent Dragons shareholders have been asked to approve a £3.75m Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) takeover of Newport RFC, which would see the Welsh rugby union club's headquarters moved from Newport to Newport and its headquarters moved to the city.
Hundreds of people have attended the Beltane Fire Festival in Dumfries and Galloway to mark the festival of Beltane, which marks the end of the Celtic festival season in the north west of Scotland and the start of the new year in the UK and Ireland.
Soldiers have moved into their new home on the site of a new military base on the outskirts of Staffordshire as work gets under way on hundreds of new homes for soldiers moving to the area from Germany next year.Â£1.5m has been spent on the first of more than 300 houses.
Tesla's Autopilot feature has been cleared of any fault following the death of a teenager in a crash in Florida last year.The US government has said it will continue to monitor the carmaker's driver-assistance systems.Â£1.5bn (£1.2bn) carmaker has been told to improve its safety procedures.
Uganda's prime minister's official website has been taken over by hackers in an apparent attempt to highlight the government's support for gay rights, the BBC has learned from a government official who says it was the victim of a hack attack on its own website.
The story of a man who was stopped at the border with Bulgaria with an arsenal of offensive weapons is the big story in the front pages of Tuesday's papers.Â£220,000 investment in an investment scheme in Craigavon and a book of condolence for Martin McGuinness are among the stories featured in the local papers.
Sri Lanka's Rangana Herath has signed a one-year contract extension to keep him in international cricket until the end of the 2018 season.Â£1.5m is to be paid to him by the International Cricket Council (ICC) for his performances in the World Twenty20.
A man in his 70s has died after being hit by a car in Manchester city centre, police have said, in what is believed to be a hit-and-run crash involving at least one other vehicle, believed to have been hit by another vehicle at the wheel.
Saudi Arabia has said it will respond to the US decision to allow 9/11 victims' families to sue the kingdom, saying it will have a "negative impact" on all nations, including the US, in the wake of the attacks on 11 September 2001.
A drilling rig which ran aground on the Western Isles earlier this month is to be scrapped in Turkey after being floated on to the deck of a ship in the Solway Firth in the next few weeks.Â£1m worth of repairs have been carried out on it.
Pakistani police have arrested at least 20 people on suspicion of murdering a Christian couple who were accused of insulting Islam in a dispute over money, officials say, in the country's worst blasphemy case in recent years, police say, as protests erupted in the city of Lahore.
The UN has announced a proposed unity government for Libya, saying it will include a UN-backed candidate for prime minister and deputy prime minister in a deal aimed at uniting the country's rival parliaments and ending years of political violence and chaos.Several rival factions have dismissed the move as premature.
It's that time of year again when you have to spend all your money on presents for the kids and you're left feeling a little underwhelmed by the quality of the presents you've picked out for yourself and the presents they've got for each other.
A former US National Football League (NFL) star who was serving a life sentence for murder has been found dead in his prison cell in the US state of New Mexico, police say.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m; $2.2m) in assets have been recovered so far.
The number of police shootings in England and Wales has risen to its highest level in a year, according to the police watchdog, which is investigating whether officers were justified in using lethal force in the wake of the London terror attack and a rise in the number of road traffic deaths.
The world athletics governing body, the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF), has confirmed it will end its sponsorship deal with German sportswear giant Adidas at the end of the year after a 10-year deal.Â£6.3m (£4.4m) was terminated in 2015.
Ireland's Intercontinental Cup game against the Netherlands in Dublin ended in a draw after rain prevented any play for more than an hour on the final day of the game at the Aviva Stadium on Thursday night in Dublin.Â£1.5m will be paid to the Dutch for their efforts in the game.
A man armed with a machete has attacked a police officer with a weapon at the home of Kenya's Deputy President William Ruto, injuring the officer and wounding the deputy's wife, Kenyan police say, but no-one else was hurt in the attack.
A team of scientists have been sending a robot submarine down to the deepest part of the ocean to see if they can find any new species of fish, jellyfish or jellyfish living under the ocean floor, and they say they've found some pretty interesting things so far.
A US judge has ordered genetic tests to be carried out on six people who say they are related to Prince, who died last year at his Paisley Park home in Minnesota.Â£100,000 (Â£80,000) in unpaid taxes have been ordered by the US Supreme Court.
A prominent Scottish independence blogger has been arrested on suspicion of online harassment, the Metropolitan Police have said in a statement to the BBC.Â£10,000 worth of charges have been brought against him by officers.Â© Stuart Campbell.com.ÂÂ©
West Ham chairman David Sullivan and co-owner David Gold have agreed to sell their stake in the club to a group led by Drinks giant Monster Beverage Group for an undisclosed sum, reports BBC Radio London's Victoria Derbyshire show on Thursday.Â£100m is the price for the club, reports the BBC.
Google's parent company, Alphabet, has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by a jump in advertising revenue and a strong performance from the internet giant's new-look business units, such as Nest and its drone unit.
The new owners of an engineering firm which went into administration last year have said they have increased the number of staff they employ by more than 50% since they took over the business last year.Â£1.5m worth of orders have been tendered for the company.
A care worker accused of defrauding a 91-year-old woman out of more than £500,000 has told a court she is a "woman of faith" who took advantage of a "lying" woman's will.A jury has been told her "game would've been up" if she had contacted the victim's family.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a bus in Denbighshire, police have said, following a crash involving a car and a carriageway lorry on which he was travelling in reverse at the wheel of the vehicle.
Google Home, its voice-activated assistant, is to be sold in the UK for the first time, with the aim of making it easier for people to ask it what they want to know about the UK and its food scene, the firm has announced.Â£129.99 will be the price for the UK version of the device.
The deportation of a mother and her three daughters from the UK to Nigeria over fears they will be subjected to female genital mutilation has been delayed, a family friend has said, but the Home Office has not given them an overnight reprieve, BBC News understands.
A Northern Ireland councillor has been expelled from the UK Independence Party (UKIP) after being suspended from the party over a "discussion with a journalist", it has been confirmed to BBC News NI's Laura Kuenssgarda and the BBC Scotland news website.
A man from Dublin has been shot dead in Spain while on holiday with his family, Irish police have said, with the family of three children aged five, seven and 10 among the victims.It is understood that the victim was not the intended target of the attack.
Edinburgh Zoo has confirmed that one of its giant pandas, Tian Tian, is pregnant with her first cub in the UK since she arrived at the zoo in 2008 and is due to give birth to a female in the autumn, it has been confirmed to the RZSS.
Wigan Athletic's hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a major blow as they were thrashed at Ipswich Town, who moved to within three points of the play-off places with a comfortable victory at the Portman Road derby win on the final day of the season.
Wigan Warriors prop Ben Flower has been banned for eight games for punching St Helens prop Lance Hohaia in the head during their Super League Grand Final defeat by the Super 8s side at Old Trafford, the Rugby Football League has confirmed to BBC Radio 5 live.
Hungary says it will offer buses to hundreds of migrants stranded in the capital, Budapest, after a day of chaotic scenes in which hundreds of people walked on to the motorway and into the city centre in defiance of police attempts to move them on to a nearby train station.
Stoke City boss Mark Hughes says Victor Moses could play a part in Chelsea's title challenge this season, despite the winger's loan spell at Stamford Bridge ending this week."Chelsea would possibly like to keep him," says the Potters' former boss. "
Ten-man Millwall's play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by 10-man Coventry in League One at The Den, despite being reduced to 10 men early in the first half at the Proact Stadium at the Den on Saturday.
The Scottish government has rejected claims by the Conservatives that local authority spending on education has fallen in Scotland, saying it is "significantly higher" than in England, despite the austerity drive in the country's education system being imposed by the UK government and the Conservatives.
A man jailed for four-and-a-half years for filming himself raping a woman and uploading the footage to the internet has won an appeal against his conviction and 18-month jail term, the Court of Criminal Appeal has been told by the High Court in Edinburgh.
The centenary of the Battle of the Somme has been marked with events in the Republic of Ireland and in the UK and France on Saturday and Sunday commemorating the Irish soldiers who died in the 1916 battle of Thiepval in northern France and later that year's battle in France.
The Indiana Pacers will play the Denver Nuggets in a pre-season friendly at London's O2 Arena next month, with the game being streamed live on the NBA's NBA Live streaming service NBA.com for a fee of £2.5m (3m euros; $3m).
James Robert Hennessy was a plasterer from Liverpool who travelled to the match by car with friends, all of whom survived, but who all but one of them were killed in the explosion at the Hillsborough stadium in the early hours of Wednesday 11 April.
Grimsby made it back-to-back wins for the first time this season with a comfortable victory over 10-man Mansfield, who had Mark Evans sent to the stands for a second yellow card for a violent conduct incident in the build-up to the game.
Somalia's Islamist militant group al-Shababab has condemned President Hassan Ali Farmajo's announcement of an amnesty for its fighters, saying it was a "provocative move" aimed at appeasing the West and "just to please the West".
One of the UK's biggest construction firms, JCB, has ended its membership of the Confederation of British Industry (CBI), the organisation representing more than 1,000 business leaders, following the Brexit vote in the EU referendum, it has been reported by the BBC.
More than 1,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong have staged a protest calling for better training and safety equipment for their work in the wake of a spate of worker deaths in the city, local media report, citing a government response to their concerns about their safety.
Eoin Morgan scored a career-best century as England beat Australia by 10 wickets to win the third one-day international and level the five-match series at 2-2 with two games to play.Â£1.5m prize money will be shared between England and Australia after the final match.
Millwall and Walsall played out a goalless draw at The Den as the League One play-off hopefuls missed the chance to go top of the table with a point from their game at the Stadium of Light.Â£1m-bound Millwall are still waiting for their first league win of the season.
Liverpool have appointed Sean O'Driscoll as their new first-team coach as part of a new coaching set-up for the new Premier League season, which starts on 1 July, BBC Radio Liverpool reports.Â£1.5m-rated England Under-19s boss Sean Kelly has joined the Reds as assistant manager.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order banning people from seven Muslim-majority countries from entering the United States, including Iran, Iraq, Syria, Sudan, Libya, Somalia, Sudan and Yemen, as part of his travel ban on people from six mainly Muslim countries.
The 2011 riots in London and other parts of the UK could have been avoided if more police officers had been deployed, MPs have said in a report into the events of that year's riots.The operation to police the disorder was "flawed" and training was "inadequate".
Marketing on social media is a hot topic of conversation at a conference in London this week, with many of the world's leading brands and business people discussing the latest trends, trends and tactics.ÂÂ€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.3m) worth of social media marketing dollars being spent on the platform over the past 12 months, according to organisers.
The UK is going to have a vote on whether or not it should stay in or leave the European Union (or EU) after the next general election, called the General Election, takes place in June 2016, and it's set to be one of the most important votes ever.
A husband and wife have been jailed for conspiring to hide more than £200,000 in their garden after he was jailed for drug-dealing in a bid to pay off a £121,000 confiscation order, a judge has said in a sentencing.
Japanese knotweed is one of the UK's most notorious weeds, and one that dates back to the 19th Century, when it was introduced into the country to help protect railway lines from the ravages of the Japanese earthquake and volcanic eruptions of the time.
Beach hut tenants in a Dorset town could face a wait of up to 18 years to rent their own property under council plans to raise the rent on council-owned huts by more than 10% over the next three years.Â£1,000 a year is set to be charged for a beach hut.
A huge oil barge that was heading towards a BP-operated platform in the North Sea has veered off course and missed a collision with another rig in the same area, Norwegian rescue officials have said, avoiding a collision between the two vessels and the coast of Norway.
Easter is a time of year when many of us gather with family and friends to celebrate the birth of a new year and the arrival of the Easter bunny and the Easter egg hunt - a tradition that has been going on for thousands of years in the UK and, for many, is as much a part of British culture as Christmas.
Plans to introduce a late-night levy in Liverpool city centre have been rejected by Liverpool City Council's planning committee, despite opposition from some bars and clubs who said it would cost the city centre economy Â£540,000 a year to police.Â£1.5m.
US President Barack Obama has apologised to the head of the medical charity Medecins Sans Frontieres (MSF) over its bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan last month, the White House has said, which killed more than 2,400 people and injured 1,400.
Katie Shuker became the first woman to win the wheelchair mixed doubles title at the British Open with victory in the final at Alexandra Palace in London on Sunday night - and said she hopes the event will be back at the 2016 Paralympics in Rio next year.
Juan Manuel Santos, the president of Colombia, has been awarded the 2016 Nobel Peace Prize for his efforts to end the country's 52-year-long armed conflict with the left-wing Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (Farc) rebel group, says he is "honoured".
Wigan Warriors came from behind to beat Castleford Tigers and record their first Super League win of the season in Daryl Powell's first game in charge of the Super League side since taking over from his father, Daryl Powell, at the end of last season in the process.
Hibernian maintained their lead at the top of the Championship with victory over St Mirren at Easter Road, despite a spirited second-half fightback from the Buddies at East End Park on Saturday.Anthony Stokes marked his return to Hibernian with a hat-trick on his return from Celtic.
Nottingham Forest have re-signed midfielder Scott Wilson on a one-year deal after his contract was terminated by mutual consent, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the season, with an option for a further year if he is offered a new deal.
"Myanmar was the land of my forefathers," says Aung San Sarlan, a former Burmese businessman who was forced to flee the country more than 50 years ago to escape the country's military junta-led military government, as the BBC's Geeta Pandey Kannan reports from India.
More than 18% of married or cohabiting couples in the UK are living in "distressed" relationships, according to a report by a mental health charity and a report commissioned by the National Institute of Health and Social Care Research (NIHRC) in England and Wales.
The Scottish government has criticised the UK government's decision to cancel a competition to develop a scheme to capture and store carbon dioxide (CO2) from power stations and other industrial sites in a bid to help meet climate change targets, saying it was "damagingly short sighted".
Europe's Galileo satellite navigation system, which is being developed by the European Space Agency, has been hailed as a game-changer in the field of accurate location data - and it could revolutionise the way we find our way around the world and get around cities.
The sister of a girl whose body was found in a canal 22 years ago has said it is time for her killer to be brought to justice and for her family to be reunited with the rest of their "trashed" memories of the girl they were trying to find.
Facebook has removed a post accusing eight people in west Belfast of being on a "hit list" of those who have been involved in anti-social behaviour and petty crime, after a number of recent shootings in the area, the social media site has confirmed to the BBC.
Gillingham manager Phil Taylor says the majority of the club's fans would want him to be sacked if chairman Paul Scally sacked him for failing to improve their League One play-off hopes."I would love longer" to stay at the club, says the former Crystal Palace boss.
Gareth Bale says it will be "hard" for Wales to qualify for Euro 2016 for the first time since 1958 if they are to beat Israel on Sunday and seal a place in the finals of Euro 2016 in France on the same day in Marseille on 17 June.
Students at schools across the UK will be learning a new language by the end of the year as part of their GCSEs, the BBC's Newsround team has been learning Mandarin at a school in London. Click here to find out what it's like to learn it.
Antibiotic resistance is emerging as a threat to the treatment of sepsis, according to a leading expert in intensive care medicine who has seen patients with the condition for the first time without any effective treatment in the UK's hospitals this year.Â£1.5bn is needed to tackle the problem, he says.
Work to build a cycle track on a Derby nature reserve has been halted while a judicial review of the council's decision to approve the scheme is heard at the High Court in London on Wednesday, it has been confirmed by Mr Justice Lang at the Court of Appeal.
A new community hospital in Somerset is to be built after the coalition government announced a £35m funding package for the £50m project to replace the current one in Bridgwater with a new £50.5m building.Â£20m has been announced for the project.
More than 80 figures from Britain's Commonwealth community have written to David Cameron urging him to back the UK's exit from the EU, in an open letter published by the Vote Leave campaign in the run-up to Thursday's EU referendum on Britain's membership of the union.
Jeremy Corbyn has "not shown any ability" to be part of a team if he is elected Labour leader, shadow work and pensions secretary Yvette Cooper has told the BBC's Jeremy Paxman show he needs to "completely change his views on some big things" in order to win.
The line-up for this year's Glastonbury festival has been announced, with Radiohead, Foo Fighters and Barry Gibb among the first acts to be announced. Here's a look at some of the acts who have been added to the bill so far, as organisers reveal the full bill.
Lenticular clouds and a rainbow have been spotted over parts of the north east of Scotland, with some people mistaking them for "UFOOTFOOT" in the skies above the region, it has been claimed.Do you have a picture or video of the phenomenon?
A statue is to be erected at Watford FC's Vicarage Road ground in memory of former manager Graham Taylor, who led the club to the FA Cup final and European football's second tier in 1984-85.Â£500,000 will be spent on a statue in his honour, the club has announced.
Cornish Pirates head coach Gareth Davies says his side's "ill-discipline" cost them in their 21-16 defeat by Exeter in the Championship play-off semi-final first leg at Kingston Park on Friday night and cost them the chance to reach the final of the Challenge Cup.
Omar Bogle and John Akinde scored their first goals of the season as Grimsby came from behind to draw with 10-man Barnet at Blundell Park in the League Two play-off semi-final first-round tie at the Fratton Park.
Sunderland striker Nacho Scocco has returned to former club Newell's Oldham Athletic on loan for the rest of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Argentine club in the summer, reports BBC Radio Rosario in Argentina.
The EU referendum has turned the EU upside down, and the UK's decision to vote to leave is likely to be the trigger for a wave of Euroscepticism across Europe, writes the BBC's Europe correspondent Mark Lowen in Brussels, but what does that mean for the rest of the EU?
India's first metro rail service has been launched in the southern city of Chennai (Madras) in Tamil Nadu state, with the first train being driven by a woman for the first time, local media reports say, adding that she is the first female loco pilot.
A number of fuel pods have been dumped illegally in a lay-by in south Armagh in what police have described as a "s sinister" dissident republican paramilitary-related crime.Â£10,000 worth of waste has been recovered by the Environment Agency.
Ben Stokes has been recalled to the England Twenty20 squad for the second match of the one-day series against Pakistan after missing the defeat by Sri Lanka because of an ankle injury suffered in the first match against West Indies on Tuesday.Joe Root and Jos Buttler have been included in the squad.
Ireland's hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the World Twenty20 suffered a setback as they lost to Afghanistan by two wickets in the first of their two T20s in India on Wednesday.The teams will meet again in the second of their three-match series.
The US astronaut on board the International Space Station is set to break a record for the longest stay in space after doing a spacewalk on Wednesday morning to get ready for Thursday's historic 215-day mission to the space station to become the longest ever stay in orbit.
A red kite has been found shot dead in North Yorkshire, the latest in a series of attacks on the birds in the county.Police have said they are "saddened" by the "scale of persecution" faced by the birds of prey in recent weeks.
Two men have been jailed for running a drugs and legal high-dealing operation on the dark web marketplaces Silk Road and dark web marketplace, the BBC has learned from a court in the West Midlands and South East England, where they pleaded guilty to a string of offences.
Brian O'Driscoll and Johnny Sexton return to the Ireland team for Sunday's Test against world champions New Zealand at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin after missing out on selection for the defeat by Australia on Saturday because of fitness concerns on the eve of the match.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Tuesday as European stock markets rose on hopes that a deal on a Greek debt deal could be agreed by the end of the week. However, the euro fell back to below $1.20 as investors remained cautious ahead of Wednesday's vote.
Margaret Thatcher was the longest serving prime minister in British history - and one of the most divisive figures in modern British history, but she will always be remembered as one of Britain's most influential and controversial leaders.She was known as the "Iron Lady" because of her tough leadership and tough policies.
Russia's decision to supply missiles to Syria is "ill-timed" and "very unfortunate", a top US military commander has said, amid growing concern over the conflict in the country's chemical weapons programme and the role of the West in the conflict itself.
The artist Banksy has denied claims his website is a hoax, after ticket sales for his latest exhibition were suspended due to "technical difficulties" at a theme park in Weston-super-Mare, the BBC has been told by the artist.Â£50,000 worth of tickets have now gone on sale online.
Ed Miliband has resigned as leader of the Labour Party after a "catastrophic night" for the party in the general election, saying he "never dreamed" he would lead it in the first place and vowed to "never give up on fighting for the Britain that I believe in".
Five cats have died after being poisoned with antifreeze, the RSPCA has said.The death of a seventh cat in the space of a week is being treated as "unexplained" by the animal welfare charity, it has confirmed to the BBC.
Exeter Chiefs say they are concerned about the legal action brought by former England captain Scott Willis against the Premiership club over a head injury.Â£10m compensation claims could set a dangerous precedent, says the Chiefs' director of rugby at the end of the season.
Retailers in Singapore have been told to stop buying products from firms accused of contributing to forest fires that have caused a haze over the city-state, the environment council and consumer groups have said in a joint statement on Tuesday.Â£1bn worth of wood, paper and pulp products have been banned from sale.
Venezuelan Vice-President Nicolas Maduro has appeared in public for the first time since President Hugo Chavez was diagnosed with cancer last month, saying that he is "fighting with his spirit, his vision and his love" for the country and that the president is "climbing the hill".
The US Supreme Court has said it will take up a series of cases that could pave the way for same-sex marriage in all 50 US states, including the District of Columbia and New York City, by the end of the year.Â£1bn-worth of federal appeals courts have overturned state gay marriage bans in recent years.
Confidence in the England team ahead of their World Cup quarter-final against Italy has risen to its highest level since the opening game, according to a new study by a Cambridge University Press research team, despite a "lacklustre" start to the tournament.
Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has been chosen as the party's candidate in the race to become the next mayor of London, after winning an election ballot of his constituency in his home constituency on Friday night, it has been announced, with a majority of more than 6,500.
The widow of a man who died in a car crash said she was "speechless" after thieves broke into her house while she was at his funeral.Sussex Police are hunting for the thieves who stole jewellery worth more than Â£20,000 from the house.
Rule The World, ridden by David Mullins, won the Grand National at Aintree for the Gigginstown House Stud in a thrilling finish to the race on a rain-lashed day at the Festival meeting at the National meeting at Glorious Goodwood.
A primary school head teacher has been suspended for taking his children on a term-time holiday, the BBC has learned from the local authority where he is a member of staff, but has not been suspended himself, reports BBC Radio Lancashire's Laura Kuenssberg.
The father of a Formula Two racing driver who died after being hit by a wheel has called on Lewis Hamilton to rethink his stance on the 'halo' head protection system after the world champion's criticism of its design on Sunday.Ferrari's John Surtees says the device could have saved his son's life.
Archaeologists and geosciences experts are to use laser beams to map coastal erosion as part of a new project to tackle the effects of climate change on Wales' heritage sites and seaside towns and islanders in the Irish Sea.Â£1.5m of funding has been announced.
We asked you to send us your feedback about a BBC programme or website, so we can improve our online service and we would like to hear from you directly on our social media channels. Send your feedback to news@bbc.co.uk and we will feature it on our website.
Blackburn Rovers have appointed Tony Dunn as their new assistant manager on a two-year deal."Everyone knows what Blackburn Rovers means to me personally," says the club's first-team coach Paul Hartley, who has joined the club on a one-year contract.
The Grammy Awards are one of the biggest awards in the music industry, and are given out every year to the best musicians in the world of music, who have produced the best in the industry at the time of the year.Here are some fun facts about the award ceremony.
The world's biggest Scotch whisky distiller, Pernod Ricard, has reported a "challenging" market in China and a "disruptive" effect of India's decision to ban the sale of large amounts of paper money, as it reported its first-quarter results.
News Corp, the Australian media and entertainment group, has reported a loss for the first three months of the year, blaming a fall in the value of its Australian newspaper business and a drop in the number of paid subscribers for its US news outlets, including The Wall Street Journal.
The UN's decision to uphold China's claim to most of the South China Sea is dominating the front pages of state-run newspapers in China, with a concerted effort to promote the country's case to the world's largest maritime tribunal, the Permanent Forum on China's Claims and the Conduct of Parties.
There were "lost opportunities" to save the life of a baby boy who died after he was taken off a ventilator without his parents' consent, a coroner has said.A hospital trust has apologised for missed opportunities to carry out blood tests on him before his death.
A BBC Radio Derby presenter who has been diagnosed with skin cancer has said he is "thrilled" after more than £50,000 has been raised for a campaign he launched to raise money for the charity he was diagnosed with 10 years ago and has now reached its target.
A conman who conned two people out of £1,000 for tickets to the World Cup has been ordered to pay back the money he conned them out of after fleeing south Wales to live in Scotland under a false name for more than a year.
A woman has been arrested after the body of a young boy was found at a house in south-west London, police have said, in what is believed to be a "very shocking" discovery by a member of the public who had been asleep in the garden.
A student who hung himself from the Cenotaphon at the end of last year's student riots did not realise it was a war memorial, a court has been told as he appeals against his jail sentence for "outrageous and deeply offensive behaviour".
A man who tried to behead a dentist in a Tesco store in a racially-motivated attack in memory of Fusilier Lee Rigby has been jailed for life for his attempted murder and attempting to murder him with a machete in a "race hate" attack.
At least 31 people have been killed in a series of suicide bomb attacks in Iraq, including in the capital, Baghdad, and in the cities of Basra and Kirkuk, officials say.The death toll from the latest wave of attacks in the country has risen to at least 80.
Austria says it will impose daily quotas on the number of asylum seekers entering the country, in an attempt to stem the flow of migrants to Germany and other EU countries from the Balkans and other countries in the Balkans, and from the Middle East and North Africa.
David Beckham's Miami Beckham United Soccer League (MLS) franchise has been given the go-ahead by the league's commissioner to launch a bid for a franchise in the US city in 2016, reports the Miami Herald newspaper on Thursday.Â£10m is to be spent on a new stadium for the team.
Actress Tippi Hedren has revealed that she was sexually harassed by Alfred Hitchcock in the early 1960s, and that he threatened to "ruin her career" if she refused to have sex with him in front of her colleagues and other film-makers.
Doctors in the United Arab Emirates say the world's heaviest woman, who underwent weight-loss surgery in India, is still in intensive care in Abu Dhabi after being admitted to a hospital in the emirate last week.Doctors say she is suffering from several health conditions, including an infection.
A video of the Queen performing the Nazi salute in Scotland more than 80 years ago has been released by the Sun newspaper newspaper, who claim to have obtained it from the Queen's private family collection, has been described as "disturbing" by Buckingham Palace as they say it is "a disgrace".
Lewis Hamilton says he is inspired by boxing legend Muhammad Ali as he attempts to close the championship gap on Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg by winning his home grand prix at Silverstone for the first time since 2008.Â£1.5m is the prize money for winning this weekend's British Grand Prix.
Last winter's floods were the "most extreme on record" in the UK since records began, according to a new report from the University of Aberdeen.Â£1.3bn worth of damage was caused by Storm Desmond, it has been claimed.Â© BBC
Voters are going to the polls in a district that has seen Labour, the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats all fight for power for the first time in more than 40 years in a local council election seen as a test of the party's ability to hold on to power.
Stanislas Wawrinka stunned world number one Novak Djokovic to win his first French Open title and end the Serb's hopes of a career Grand Slam hat-trick of all four major titles with a superb performance in the final.
Yorkshire's hopes of extending their lead at the top of the County Championship suffered a setback on day one at Scarborough as they were bowled out for just 156 by Durham, with the visitors bowling them out for 156.Umpires decided not to call in a pitch liaison officer because the pitch was too soft.
Swansea City defender Neil Taylor is likely to miss the rest of the season after breaking his ankle in the 2-2 draw with Sunderland on Saturday, the Premier League club have confirmed to BBC Radio Swansea City's Laura Kuenssvinger and BBC Radio Wales.
A Home Office panel set up last year to advise the government on banning so-called "legal highs" was unable to agree on a ban on "general prohibition" of psychoactive substances, according to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme's Mark Lowen.
Morocco's Raja Casablanca Football Club (FMRFF) has been fined £7,000 after fans clashed with riot police following a home match on Saturday night, officials say.Â£5,000 worth of damage has been caused to the stadium during the crowd trouble.
In the centre of Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, a group of young men in their early 20s and early 30s sit on the steps of the National Heroes' Square, in front of a crowd of tens of thousands of people who are celebrating the country's annual Heroes' Day celebrations.
Rangers' Andre Windass hopes his first goal for the club since joining from Accrington Stanley will help him make an impact in the Scottish Premiership this season after he scored his first for the Ibrox side in their final pre-season game of 2017-18.
A small US-led rocket company has successfully launched its first vehicle into space from New Zealand, in what it says is the world's first commercial test flight of a commercial rocket for less than $5m (Â£3.5m).Â£2.6m (3.2m).
The amount of money the NHS in Scotland has had to pay consultants for extra work has increased by more than a third in the last three years, according to a BBC investigation by Freedom of Information requests and the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website, despite a shortage of doctors to do extra work.
A new rugby training exercise that could help kids get fit and healthy is being tested in schools across the world, says a team of scientists in the US state of New Mexico, in America, who say it could be a game-changer for kids' health and wellbeing.
The death toll from Saturday's eruption of a volcano in Indonesia's Papua province has risen to 16, officials say, with the death toll expected to rise further.Rescue teams are searching for more people who may have been caught up in the deadly blast, which forced the evacuation of nearby villages.
It has been a year since the UK voted to leave the European Union in the referendum on whether or not the UK should remain a member of the EU or vote to leave in a second referendum on the issue - a decision that has dominated the political conversation since the vote.
Liverpool defender Mamadou Sakho has been cleared to resume his playing career by Uefa after his failed drugs test was found to be an "accidental" doping test, the governing body has confirmed to BBC Sport.Â£10,000 fine for failing a drugs test has been overturned.
As the general election campaign enters its final days, BBC Wales looks at some of the key seats in Wales that could be key to the outcome of this year's general election and how they could change the political landscape in the UK and how the two main parties might be able to make gains.
The Scottish government has an "obligation" to ensure every child in Scotland has access to the basic rights to food, according to the children's commissioner for Scotland's former chief inspector of children's services and social care in England and Wales (CAS).
A teenager who took her own life after being told she did not have access to specialist mental health care was "failed by the system", an inquest has been told by a health trust which runs the school where she was found with her body.The trust has apologised to her family for the way it treated her.
Drivers caught speeding at 10% above the limit should not be penalised, a motoring group has said, after a report said the cost of a course for those caught should rise by £5 a year to help pay for a police force's road policing unit.
US military police are investigating an "over-exuberant" pillow fight at the US military academy in New York that left several cadets injured, the academy has said in a statement to the New York Times and other news outlets, after it emerged it took place in August.
Brazilians are used to hearing about human rights issues such as the rights of the poor, the poor and people of African descent, but few would expect to hear as much about those who are black, lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender or of any other ethnic group.
The original Batmobile, the car used by Batman in the 1960s TV series The Batman Show, has been sold at auction in the US for $1.5m (Â£1.2m). Â£890,000 (1.4m) - the highest price ever paid for a car at auction.
Home Secretary Theresa May has defended plans to make it easier to deport foreign criminals and make it harder for people who are here illegally to stay in the UK, as she unveiled a new immigration bill in the House of Commons on Wednesday.Labour has accused the government of ignoring the "serious issues" facing the UK.
A few days ago, in the centre of Paris, on the eve of France's annual Labour Day celebrations, a young woman stood on a stage and delivered an impassioned speech that could not have been more aimed at the heartland of the country's working class.
World number one Mark Selby eased into the second round of the World Championship with a 10-1 victory over Sean O'Brien at the Crucible Theatre, despite being the only player not to win a frame in his first session at the World Snooker Championship.
The funeral of a Barnsley football club legend who played for the club during World War Two has taken place in the town where he was born and worked for more than 50 years after his retirement at the end of his playing career in 1952.Â£1,000 has been paid to his family and friends.
The UK's only member-owned energy supplier has been ordered to pay out £1.6m in compensation to customers who were left unable to log in to their accounts or check their bills because of problems with a new IT system, regulator Ofgem has said.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to win the Chinese Grand Prix as the German extended his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship to 26 points with victory in a chaotic race at Beijing's Grand Prix de l'Amitie.
A man has denied the manslaughter of a man who was found stabbed to death near his home in Windermere, Cumbria, last year, a court has been told in a bid to avoid a lengthy jail term for his alleged murder on the grounds of gross negligence.
Mario Balotelli says he will always have a "very special place" in his heart for Manchester City after completing his move to AC Milan for a fee of about £27m, subject to passing a medical and agreeing a deal with the club's medical.
Volkswagen, the world's biggest carmaker, has been hit with a €14bn ($16bn; £11bn) share price fall after a scandal over its use of software to cheat emissions tests in the US and other parts of the world.
Kilmarnock midfielder Scott Samson has left the club by mutual consent after his contract was not renewed by the Scottish Championship club.Â£20,000 compensation has been paid to him by the League One club for his release by the end of the season.
Andy Murray and his wife Kim Sears are expecting their first child together, BBC Scotland has learned, with the mother-to-be due to give birth in the New Year, it has been reported.Â£1.5m worth of wedding gifts are expected to be given to the couple.
Premiership clubs are in talks with French champions Toulon over a possible cross-border move to the Super Rugby tournament in 2016-17, reports BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio Leicester Sport on Friday night (19:00 BST). Click here for all the latest rugby union news.
A newspaper, a bottle and a scroll have been found inside a time capsule which has lain undiscovered for more than 100 years inside a road bridge in the Scottish Highlands, it has been revealed during work to replace the existing structure.Â£622,000 is to be spent building a new bridge.
Virtual reality is the big news at the E3 gaming show in Las Vegas, USA, where companies are showing off what they've been working on for the next generation of games and gadgets.Â£3.5bn worth of games are expected to be released this year.
Chinese social media users have reacted with outrage after a woman claimed her husband had divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face, prompting her to seek compensation from a hospital in the north-eastern province of Zhejiang, state media reported on Thursday.
Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas has said the Vatican's recognition of Palestinian statehood is a "major step forward" in efforts to revive the peace process with Israel and end the long-running dispute over the status of Jerusalem and the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, in which the Palestinians are divided.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a hare coursing incident in Dalkeith, East Ayrshire, which police believe may have been linked to the theft of a horse and the attempted murder of another horse rider on New Year's Day.
The shortlist for the £50,000 Dylan Thomas Hardy Prize for young writers has been announced.Â£20,000 prize will be awarded to the winner of this year's award for the year's best debut novel.ÂÂ£10,000 award will be announced in May.
Thousands of South Africans have taken to the streets of the capital, Cape Town, to protest against President Jacob Zuma, calling for him to step down after eight years in power and a year in power.Â£1.5bn (1.2bn rand; $1.4bn) in public spending cuts.
Former cabinet minister Chris Huhne has been criticised for being given a pass to the Houses of Parliament while he was in prison for speeding offences, the BBC has learned from the Freedom of Information (FOI) request.Â£10,000 worth of parking passes for ex-MPs have been made available by the government.
A worker at Devonport nuclear submarine yard was contaminated with radiation, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said, as it issued a legal notice to improve safety at the site.Â£1m worth of radioactive waste was discharged into a submarine's torpedo tubes, it has been revealed.
A man has been found not guilty of historical child sex offences against boys in Nottingham in the 1970s and 1980s, a court has heard, but has been cleared of a further 14 charges of historical sex abuse against boys.Â£100,000 compensation has been paid to seven victims.
Microsoft is launching an education edition of Minecraft, which it says will be free to use for free to all schools around the world by the end of the year, but it will also charge a fee to use it for an annual fee for each teacher and child.
Republic of Ireland assistant manager Roy Keane says he and manager Martin O'Neill are happy to remain in charge of the national team for the "short term" of the next few years after agreeing a new contract with the Republic of Ireland at Euro 2016 in France.
Cardiff City head coach Paul Trollope says the club are willing to listen to offers for some of the players they are set to let go in the January transfer window, but that will not change until the end of the transfer window in the summer, when the window closes.
The chief executive of Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS has said the UK should hold a referendum on whether to stay in the European Union as soon as possible, in order to avoid a repeat of the 2008 financial crisis and the collapse of the UK's financial sector.
The European Council president has said the UK will not be able to start talks on the terms of its exit from the EU at the same time as it does on trade talks on trade with the rest of the EU.So what does this mean for the prime minister?
Three teenagers have been charged in connection with a serious assault in Dumbarton which left four teenagers with serious or life-threatening injuries.Â£20,000 worth of drugs have been seized by police in a bid to clear their names.Â¬1,000 reward for information leading to an arrest.
A fire which gutted a former pub in Rhondda Cynon Taff is being treated as arson, the fire service has said, with the death toll from the blaze at the scene now confirmed to be at least 13.9.5. It is believed to have been started deliberately.
The number of online essay writing websites offering students a bespoke essay in return for a fee is "causing a lot of concern" at Welsh universities, it has been claimed by a student union official and academic integrity body.The organisation which monitors standards in higher education has said it is "concerned".
A man accused of plotting to carry out a terror attack in the UK sent a picture of an off-duty police officer's back to a co-accused in a text message, a court has been told, days before the so-called Islamic State group issued a "fatwa" calling for attacks.
Planning permission has been sought for the installation of large metal poles at Donald Trump's Aberdeenshire golf resort, BBC Scotland has learned.Â£50,000 worth of scaffolding has been ordered by the Scottish government to be removed from the site.
As Iraqi forces close in on the last major stronghold of the so-called Islamic State (IS) in the country, the battle for Mosul is entering its final days - and there are growing fears that the militants are losing control of the city to the Iraqi government and Kurdish forces.
Mamadou Diouf headed a late equaliser for Stoke City as they came from behind to draw with Chelsea at the Britannia Stadium in a game of few chances for the Premier League's bottom club.Chelsea's hopes of Champions League football suffered a blow with defeat.
A man has been charged with grievous bodily harm after the death of a man who was found injured at a Dorset leisure centre, police have said in a post-mortem examination on the body of the victim.A woman arrested on suspicion of perverting the course of justice has been released on bail.
Dizzee Rascal, Martha Reeves and The Vandellas are among the first acts to be announced for this year's Wickerman Festival in Dumfries and Galloway, it has been announced on the official website of the two-day event on the Isle of Man.
More than 100 bank branches have closed or are set to close in Scotland in the past year, according to research by the BBC's Retail Reality Check programme and the BBC Scotland website.Â£1.5bn has been spent on branch closures in the last year, it has emerged.
Proposals to end the so-called "too big to fail" rule for banks have been published in a bid to prevent taxpayers having to bail them out again in the event of another financial crisis, the Bank of England has said, in the wake of the collapse of Lehman Brothers.
The UK economy grew by 0.5% in the second quarter of the year, official figures have shown, helped by a pick-up in industrial output and strong growth in the services sector.Â£1.1bn of investment was made in the first three months of 2016, official data has shown.
A woman who died after being hit by a lorry in Aberdeen has been named by police as a woman who worked as a chef at a fish and chip shop in the city centre at the time of the incident.Â£10,000 of donations have been made in her memory.
Mainland Chinese shares continued to rally on Monday, with the Shanghai Composite closing above the 4,000 mark for the first time since 2008, despite disappointing trade data.Hong Kong's benchmark Hang Seng index hit a seven-year high on Monday as the new stock connect scheme continued to boost the market.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has announced the withdrawal of 500 and 1,000 rupee notes, the country's most common denomination of banknotes, in a crackdown on "black money" in the country, which he says is the "biggest obstacle" to eradicating poverty.
A cyclist attack on a woman in Bournemouth could be linked to two similar assaults in the town earlier this month, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to track down the attacker in the area where he is thought to have been riding a mountain bike.
Tony Bellew and David Haye have clashed on the eve of their heavyweight unification fight on 29 April, with both men saying the other is a "big fat Scouser" and "going to steam through" him in their pre-fight build-up.
Two French climbers have died while trying to reach the summit of Mont Blanc in the French Alps, French officials have confirmed to the AFP news agency, after a helicopter spotted smoke coming from a crevasse on the summit.â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.4m; $1.6m) of the famous mountain.
Parents can now tell their kids to slow down if they go over the speed limit in a new feature on their new car, thanks to a car manufacturer.Follow Newsbeat on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, Snapchat and Instagram.com/Newsbeat on Instagram.
A new species of reptile has been identified from fossilised footprints found in the Pyrenees in Spain more than 250 million years ago, a new study has found, shedding new light on the early history of life on land and in the oceans before the End-Permian.
Kent chief executive John Kennedy is to step down at the end of the season after eight years in charge of the Division Two club, BBC Kent has learned in a surprise boardroom reshuffle at the club's annual general meeting (AGM) later this month.
An Indian MP has been banned from flying on all flights operated by the country's leading airlines after he was accused of hitting an airline employee with a sandal in a row over a seat on a flight, the industry body has said, as the airline filed a complaint against him.
The people of Burkina Faso have been marking the 70th anniversary of the start of the country's civil war, in which more than 200,000 people were killed by Islamist rebels. Watch the BBC Newsnight documentary on the conflict. Watch: "How did this happen?"
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has a history of changing his mind on Donald Trump, which has seen him change his tone on a number of occasions since he became the UK's foreign secretary in May 2015 - including on the eve of Donald Trump's election as president of the United States.
Being overweight as a teenager increases the risk of developing bowel cancer later in life, a large study suggests, raising the prospect that obesity may be a risk factor for the disease as well as a risk of bowel cancer in later life, it has suggested in the first study of its kind.
Former Labour leader Tony Blair has said it is a "tragedy" that the party has "lost its way" and is "in danger of not asking the right questions" about the challenges facing the UK's largest political party, in a magazine article.
One of the country's "most posh outdoor privies" has been restored to its former glory after being described as "one of the best examples of its kind in the country" by a leading historian and conservationist who visited the site to see how it was once used.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani, who was re-elected in May 2017, is one of the country's most prominent politicians, and one of its most prominent reformist politicians, but he is also one of Iran's most controversial leaders, and a man who has been in power since the revolution of 1979.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says his late father would have been "ecstatic" about his son's rise to international football after the Euro 2016 finals, as he prepares for his first match in charge of the national team since the loss of his father to a heart attack.
Urgent care units at three hospitals in north-east England are to remain closed overnight for a further three months, it has been announced.The trust that runs them has said it will not be "inappropriate" to re-open them at the current time.
When Donald Trump was elected president of the United States in November 2016, I was writing a series of letters from Moscow for the BBC, looking at what was going on in Russia at the time, and what was happening in the country's corridors of power, and how it might be possible to improve relations with the US.
London has the longest commute times in the UK, according to a study by the Trades Union Congress (TUC) and Work Wise UK, with the capital seeing the sharpest rise in the number of people working in the east of the country and the fastest in Wales.
Councils in Wales are being urged to make it compulsory to routinely scan all animals found dead on the roads, including cats, dogs and horses.RSPCA Cymru and cats Protection have backed calls for a change in the way they deal with the issue.
Technology is changing the way we buy, design and make things, with the rise of 3D printing and other cutting-edge tools revolutionising the way that we make and design our clothes, jewellery, furniture and even our mobile phones, and it's not just affecting our daily lives.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho has held talks about a new contract with the Premier League champions and is keen to extend his stay at the club beyond the end of the current campaign, reports BBC Radio Solent and the BBC Sport website's Mark Lowen and BBC Radio Manchester.
Retailer Brantano has gone into administration with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs, it has been announced, following a "challenging" Christmas trading period and a "disappointing" start to the year for many of its stores.
A man accused of murdering his parents in County Donegal in the Republic of Ireland was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the killings, a court has been told on the first day of the trial of his son.The trial of Julian Cuddihy has been adjourned until next week.
Wolfsburg stunned Borussia Dortmund to win the German Cup for the first time in the club's history as Joachim Low's final game in charge of the German champions was marred by crowd trouble in the east end of the Stadion at the Allianz Arena.
The mother of a girl who took her own life has said she is "appalled" a council has refused to disclose the full report into her daughter's death, which concluded "it must remain uncertain whether there were any steps, if taken, that could have prevented her death".
Google has released the first preview of the next version of its Android operating system (OS), which aims to make it easier for people to switch between two apps at the same time and use them in different apps on the same device at a faster rate than the current version.
The Berlin Philharmonic orchestra has failed to find a new chief conductor after a marathon meeting of its board of directors failed to agree on a successor to the outgoing boss.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) man.
St Peter's of Derry will face St Brendan's of Killarney in the Hogan Cup final after they beat St Mary's of Londonderry 2-13 to 1-9 in the semi-final.Â£1.5m MacRory Cup holders St Peter's are through to the final of the competition for the first time since 1999.
Aldershot Town have appointed former Wycombe Wanderers and QPR boss John Waddock as their new manager on a three-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the job at the end of the season, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The Conservatives have promised to cap energy bills for the vast majority of households if they win the general election, if they are in government in May.They say they will introduce a cap on the amount of money they can charge energy suppliers for standard variable tariffs, or so-called "subs".
The 2016 Olympic and Paralympic Games are just around the corner and we can't wait to see what's in store for the next four years! Check out some of the best moments from last year's Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, on BBC Sport's Olympics coverage.
A man is in an induced coma in hospital after being found with serious injuries on a major road in Middlesbrough, police have said, with one man arrested on suspicion of assault in connection with the attack.A 22-year-old man has been released on bail.
Argentina's presidential election will go to a run-off next month after no candidate won an outright majority in Sunday's first round, exit polls show, with no candidate taking more than 40% of the votes counted in the capital, Buenos Aires, and no other candidate taking a majority.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has predicted his party will make a "breakthrough" in Wales in May's assembly elections, saying it will be "slightly better than that" than he expects in the UK as a whole in general election polls in England and the Scottish Parliament.
Campaigners have criticised plans to demolish Jersey's airport terminal to make way for a new car park and car park on "virtually the same footprint" as the existing building, saying it is "not genuine" and would be a loss to the island's heritage.
League One side Rochdale have signed former Charlton Athletic Bilbao striker Josh Clarke-Salter on a two-year deal after he was released by the Latics at the end of last season.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player's contract.
Bristol is to press ahead with plans for a new entertainment arena in the city centre, saying it is time to "grab the opportunity" and "go for it" to compete with its rivals in the music and sport industry.Â£80m plans for an entertainment arena are to be unveiled.
In a remote corner of the Colombian countryside, near the city of Bogota, police have found a number of hide-out huts, some of which are so well-preserved that they can be seen from miles away, that it is hard to recognise them from the outside.
The owners of one of Scotland's most picturesque golf courses have offered to pay for the repair of a huge sinkhole after a dog was pictured apparently escaping from the bottom of the hole on the course's seventh green on the Isle of Skye last month.
Supermarket giant Tesco has reported a fall in annual pre-tax profits to £145m, after setting aside a further £100m for legal costs related to the accounting scandal at its former owner, Lloyds Banking Group, which went public last year.
Mansfield Town have signed Crewe Alexandra striker Jamie Oliver on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the League Two club on 1 July, with an option to buy if he impresses on a permanent deal at the end.
A Polish journalist who is being expelled from Russia has told the BBC he will take his cat with him when he leaves the country, after Russia told him it would look after the animal if he abandons it in the country's capital, Moscow, to escape the move.
The UN has accused the Venezuelan security forces of using "excessive force" against protesters during anti-government protests, in a report released by the UN human rights chief in Caracas, which it says has led to the deaths of dozens of people since April.
The UK company behind the world's most capable Earth observation satellites has released the first images from their new constellation, which it says will be used by China to map the Earth's surface for the first time in more than a quarter of a billion years, in a series of mosaic mosaics.
A Carmarthenshire World War Two veteran has been presented with France's highest military honour after his family contacted an ex-service charity to help him get it fast-tracked due to his health problems and a backlog of applications for the posthumous award.
Grimsby Town have signed Mansfield Town striker Matt Godden on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the League Two club.Â£1.5m is to be paid to the player by the National League side Grimsby.
Plans to cut the number of councils in Wales are "not an option", the leader of the Welsh Local Government Association has said, as he said he does not want a "top-down reorganisation" of local government imposed on the body by the Welsh Government.
London Irish hooker Ross Harrison Hogg has been banned for two weeks by the Rugby Football Union after pleading guilty to a charge of dangerous play and failing to control his emotions in his red card against Bath.Saracens have been given a one-week suspension for a dangerous tackle on Wasps.
The Iranian government has ordered social networks and messaging apps to block access to certain types of content, including private messages and political messages, in line with the country's laws on cyberspace and mobile phone use, the BBC has learned from a report in the state-run Press TV.
Four-time Olympic champion Sir Ben Ainslie has announced he will not attempt to defend his America's Cup title in 2013, saying he wants to focus on the World Series in the next few years instead of attempting to win the title.Â£1.5m sponsor JP Morgan will fund his bid for the next edition of the event.
A new way of getting to access a computer, tablet, smartphone or other device is being proposed that could be "as strong as a password", according to security experts who have been looking at the technology's potential security benefits and potential weaknesses in the way people use it.
A man has died in hospital after being stabbed outside a pub in Grimsby.A man charged with cannabis offences has been remanded in custody after appearing in court on a charge of wounding and production of cannabis in relation to the attack, police have said.
China has accused Japan of violating its pacifist constitution by allowing its military to fight overseas without the consent of the nation's parliament, state media report.The move has "breached the restrictions" of its post-war constitution, the country's state news agency says.
Rafael Benitez's first game in charge of Chelsea ended in defeat as Southampton came from two goals down to earn a point at Stamford Bridge and leave the Blues 13 points adrift at the top of the Premier League table with two games remaining.Â£50m-rated Chelsea's winless run extended to six games.
Hampshire all-rounder Craig Young has been ruled out of Ireland's one-day internationals against Sri Lanka and Afghanistan in June after suffering a hamstring injury on his debut for the Republic of Ireland in March.Â£20,000-rated Hampshire have signed him on loan.
A fossil found in a museum collection in Dorset has been identified as a new species of ancient reptile, scientists have said, after years of painstaking analysis of its bones and fossilised remains.Â£1.5m worth of fish, squid and other marine reptiles.
Scotland's Katie Archibald won the women's individual pursuit title at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships in London on Saturday, taking gold in the final race of the season in London's Queen Elizabeth Olympic Park for the second time in three days on the same day.
The number of fans attending Scottish football matches in the 2016-17 season has topped the four million mark for the first time, according to the latest figures from the sport's governing body, the SPFL, which were released on Thursday.Â£1.5m was spent on season ticket sales in 2015-16.
The National Theatre at Alexandra Palace in north London is to undergo a £20m refurbishment as part of a £40m project to transform the building into a centre for entertainment in the area and bring it back into the 21st Century, it has been announced.
A massive sinkhole has opened up at a golf course in the US state of Florida, USA, causing a huge hole to open up in the course's first fairway in just a few days.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused by the huge hole.
The number of people claiming to have double-registered to vote in the snap general election has reached a record high, the electoral watchdog has said, amid concerns over the number of applications to register to vote being sent to the wrong people at the same time.Labour has called for a blanket ban on people registering at two addresses.
Bristol Flyers will play in the BBL Play-offs for the first time in their history after beating Manchester Force on Sunday to secure a top-eight finish in the Women's British Basketball League for the 2016-17 season.Â£10,000 prize money will be awarded to the winners and runners-up after the final round of fixtures.
Josh Matavesi scored a late try as Ospreys came from behind to earn a draw with Racing Metro in their European Champions Cup match in Paris.The result leaves them third in Pool 5.com's Pool 5 table after the first leg of their last-16 tie.
A terminally-ill five-year-old boy with a rare form of cancer has been told he will not be able to see his Christmas cards this year after his mother revealed his cancer has spread to the bone marrow transplant unit in Boston.Â£200,000 has been donated to help him pay for treatment abroad.
The 2022 World Cup should start in November and end in December, the Fifa taskforce set up to decide the dates for the tournament in Qatar has recommended.Fifa's decision to move the tournament to November-December is the "best solution", the governing body has said.
(Close): The pound fell against the dollar and the euro after Barclays was hit by a US legal action, while the UK economy grew faster than expected in the third quarter of the year, but shares in the bank were hit by the latest round of trading.
A Northern Ireland woman has missed out on the chance to become the voice of the speaking clock for the BBC's Children in Need appeal, after losing out to a pensioner from Dundee in a competition to be the UK's first person to give the time at 123.
Italy have named former Torino boss Giampiero Ventura as Antonio Conte's successor as manager after Euro 2016, the Italian Football Federation has announced.Ventura will take charge of the national team until the 2018 World Cup.Â£10m-rated Italy will name Conte as their new boss on 1 July.
The mother of murdered toddler James Bulger has urged the authorities not to release one of the men convicted of his murder, saying she will never give up on justice for her son, 20 years after he was beaten to death in a shopping centre car park in Merseyside.
Cheltenham Town have signed Leyton Orient left-back Christian Atangana on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a further year if he is released by the end of the season.
England batsman Nick Compton says he is "far off cementing his place" in the Test side after being recalled for the first time in three years, but insists he is an "intense performer" with "a lot of friends away from the field".
Three teenagers have appeared in court in the US state of Oklahoma charged with the murder of an Australian man who was shot dead in a drive-by shooting last week, local police say, in what is believed to have been a case of mistaken identity, local media report.
Imagine going to school and being told you're going to be a writer - and then getting to meet one of the world's most famous children's book authors instead of your teacher! Have you ever wondered what it would be like to get to see one of your favourite authors?
Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb has been ruled out of the Rugby World Cup because of a foot injury and a knee injury and will miss the tournament in New Zealand from 5-12 June.Â£1.5m-worth of kit has been released by the Welsh Rugby Union.
Google has revealed that "How to kiss" was the most popular search term for people in the UK in 2014, followed by "What is love?" and "What's love?" in a list of the top 10 most popular searches on the internet in 2014.
Cornish Pirates coach Gavin Cattle was pleased with his side's performance in their bonus-point win over Gloucester, despite admitting there were areas of weakness in their performance in the 44-21 win at the Mennaye on Friday night in Gloucestershire.
A woman who was told she would never walk again after being diagnosed with a degenerative brain condition has said she is determined to defy doctors and marry her fiancee - despite being unable to use a walker at the age of 25 because of the condition.Â£10,000 in medical equipment has been donated by a charity.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has ordered Israel's foreign ministry to review all its contacts with the UN, including the funding of UN institutions and the presence of UN representatives in the country, in a bid to reverse a decision by the UN Security Council to condemn Israeli settlement activity.
The European Court of Human Rights has ruled that Lithuania violated the right to free elections when it barred former President Valdis Paksas from standing for office in 2004, in a ruling that is binding for all EU member states to act on such a breach of human rights.
Arsenal made it two wins out of two in the Premier League with a comfortable victory over Watford at the Emirates Stadium to maintain their 100% start to the season in the top-four of the top four divisions of the English game and end a three-match winless run in all competitions.
Heavy rain is set to hit parts of south and mid Wales on Monday evening, the Met Office has warned, with heavy downpours expected to cause disruption to travel and disruption to power supplies and power supplies.Â£1m worth of damage could be caused by the weather, it has warned.
The number of women in the UK who have suffered a miscarriage in the first three months of pregnancy has risen by more than 50% in the past five years, according to a new survey for the Miscarriage Association, which is calling for more people to talk about their experiences.
The Cerberus investment fund, which bought Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, paid a Belfast law firm £15m for work it did on the deal, a committee of Irish MPs has been told by the fund's chief operating officer (Cerberus) in a public inquiry.
Ayr United boosted their hopes of a play-off place with a hard-fought win at Dunfermline Athletic to move up to eighth in the Championship..Â£1m Ayr United remain three points behind second-placed St Mirren after a draw at East End Park.
Former first minister Jack McConnell has revealed he fell down a drain in Malawi while on a visit to the country 10 years ago - after a night out in the capital, it has been revealed on his official Twitter account on Tuesday. "#Ouch" was the reaction on social media to his admission.
An inmate has died in custody at Elmley prison in Kent, the Prison Officers' Association has said.The death is the latest in a series of "tragedies" at the jail, which was criticised by a watchdog last year for being overcrowded and unsupervised.
A convicted fraudster who escaped from a London prison by pretending to be a court clerk has been found guilty of escape from lawful custody.Â£1.8m worth of fraud and escaping from custody.â€™s worth of money has been recovered by police.
The chief executives of two police forces in Wales have been unlawfully paid more than £50,000 in pension payments, a report by the public spending watchdog has found, with the chief constable and deputy chief executive to be the subject of a libel action against a blogger.
A driver has been caught doing 51mph in a 30mph zone on a motorway in East Yorkshire, police have said, just days after new fines for the most serious speeding offences came into force in England and Wales came into effect, with fines starting at 150% of weekly income.
The Polish government has said it will work with the UK government to ensure that Polish nationals living in the UK will be able to stay in the country after the country leaves the European Union (EU) after Brexit.It is not clear how many Polish nationals will be allowed to stay after the UK votes to leave.
Veteran British actress Dame Barbara Windsor is celebrating her 90th birthday on Thursday. Here's a look back at some of the highlights of her career, from Carry On... to EastEnders and more recent years in the West End.Â£1.5m:
Virtual reality (VR) has become a familiar term for many people who use it to experience the world around them in a virtual reality headset, headset or virtual reality app, such as on a trip to the Great Barrier Reef, or to visit the Great Wall of China.
Swansea, Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan universities have the highest levels of student satisfaction in Wales, according to the Higher Education Funding Council for Wales.More than 90% of students in Wales are satisfied with their university experience, a survey has found.
Police in the German city of Cologne are stepping up security ahead of the city's annual carnival, a week after hundreds of women were sexually assaulted in the New Year's Eve sex attacks in which 1,000 women were hurt.Â£1.5m ($1.8m; $2.2m) has been spent on security.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's expenses watchdog has launched an investigation into the use of public money by assembly members for travel and accommodation expenses, the BBC has learned from the BBC's Ciara Riddell on the BBC News NI website and social media channels, including Facebook.
A black woman claims she was refused entry to a nightclub because she was "not good enough or white enough" for a night out, in what police have described as a "hate incident" by a member of staff at a bar in Nottingham city centre on her 24th birthday.
Vulnerable young people in foster care in Scotland are struggling to find a stable home because of a lack of stability, according to a new study by a national network of foster carers and carers for children and young people from across the country who are in need of help.
A pensioner and two friends who tackled a burglar and pinned him to the ground have been given an award for bravery by police for their actions in a burglary case in which they were hailed "heroes" by the force's chief constable and "mayhem".
London should have special immigration rules for EU nationals living in the capital after Brexit, according to a report by the city's business lobby group, the London Chamber of Commerce (LCCI) which is backing Boris Johnson's bid to keep the city open to foreign workers.
Derby County captain Andy Keogh has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 Premier League season, with the option of a further 12 months' extension.Â£1.5m has been added to his deal.
Workers at drinks giant Diageo have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over pensions, it has been announced, with the threat of industrial action across the company's distilleries and bottling plants in Scotland and other parts of the UK.
The first of two new trains to be introduced on the Belfast to Dublin railway line has been returned into service after safety concerns were resolved, Translink has said.Â£12.2m refurbished trains are due to return into service on Wednesday afternoon, it has been announced.
Indonesia's highest Islamic authority has issued a fatwa against child marriage, saying it is "harmful" for women to marry children under the age of 18 and should not be allowed to continue their education after the marriage ends if the child is not old enough.
A baseball coach in Venezuela has called for the end of the baseball season this year because of the country's worsening economic and social crisis.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn; $2.2bn) debt, and a lack of food and medicine.
Boris Johnson has said there is "no reason" for the UK to pay the EU large sums of money to maintain access to the single market after it leaves the bloc, but hinted that it could do so if it does not get a better deal in return.
The organisers of Germany's Rock am Ring music festival, which was cancelled after a lightning strike injured dozens of people, have apologised for the decision to end the event early, saying it was necessary to ensure the safety of fans and organisers' own safety in the wake of recent storms.
India's parliament has passed a bill that will allow juvenile convicts to be tried as an adult for the first time, in the wake of a rise in the number of cases involving young people committing crimes against women, including rape and murder.The bill has been passed by the upper house of parliament.
Four people have appeared in court charged with concealing or disposing of the body parts of missing teenager Becky Watts, whose remains were found at a house in Bristol on 2 March, it has been revealed in court.A fifth person has been charged with assisting an offender.
The mother of a teenager who was removed from an overbooked EasyJet flight has criticised the airline's "irresponsible" attitude towards children."The whole system needs an overhaul," she said. "Airlines cannot gamble on the probability of people not turning up."
A woman who campaigned for the polio vaccine in the 1950s has been praised for her "remarkable work" 50 years after the death of a football star who died from the disease, a charity has said in a tribute to the "inspirational" campaigner.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage has been "convinced" to stay on as leader of the party, the party has said, after a vote of confidence in his leadership was unanimously approved by its national executive committee, despite him saying he would quit if he failed to win a Westminster seat.
A former coal mine in Gedling has been declared a "dangerous" nature reserve and will be part of a new country park to be created in the area, a council leader has said, despite opposition from conservationists who said it would be an eyesore.
The Supreme Court has been asked to overturn a ruling that the Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) did not have the power to stop loyalist flag-protest parades in Belfast's Short Strand area in 2012, in breach of its legal duties.
Labour has backed the government's plan to balance the books by 2017-18, despite criticism from the Lib Dems and former shadow chancellor Ed Balls that it was a "gimmick" and a "bombshell" for the next government to deal with the deficit.
A man has died after being hit by a car in North Yorkshire, police have said, in what is believed to have been a hit-and-run crash involving at least one other vehicle.A 21-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
The National Probation Service has been urged to publish a report into how it handled the case of a man who was stabbed to death at a housing hostel after being released from prison for breaching his licence conditions, after pressure from the victim's family and an MP.
The Division One match between Lancashire and Somerset was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of a waterlogged pitch, with no play being possible on the final day because of the weather, with both teams' hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals still alive.
More than 1,000 secondary schools in England are failing to meet new government targets, according to the latest results from the latest set of GCSE and A* to C GCSE tests in England's schools, the BBC has learned from the Department for Education and the BBC News website.
A woman who painted her west London home in red and white stripes to protest against a council's plans to demolish it has gone to court to continue her fight for a new home in a row over basement planning rules, the High Court has been told in a bid to overturn them.
The partial US government shutdown has come to an end, with the Department of Defense recalling nearly all of its civilian staff, but there are exemptions for many other areas of the federal government, including the National Zoo and the National Air and Space Museum, which will remain open.
A group of Dartmoor hill ponies is calling for a meat trade to be established in the moor to help save the endangered breed from extinction, it has been claimed by a conservation group, which says it is "in real danger" of the breed disappearing from moorland.
Brazilian airline Latam has suspended all flights to the Venezuelan capital, Caracas, in protest at what it called the country's "unfair and unjust" treatment of its passengers and its currency controls in the country.The suspension is the latest in a series of moves by airlines to cut ties with the country over the past few months.
Eleven men have been charged in connection with a crash in West Yorkshire which left four people dead and three others seriously injured, police have said in a statement to BBC Radio Humberside and BBC South Yorkshire's Victoria Derbyshire station on Monday.Â£20,000 bail has been set aside for them to appear in court.
Spanish police have arrested 11 people suspected of being members of the so-called Pink Panther jewellery gang, which has carried out a series of high-profile robberies, in a raid on a jewellery shop in Barcelona on Thursday.Â£1m worth of gold jewellery has been stolen in the raid.
Scunthorpe missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were beaten at Rochdale in a thrilling finale to a five-game winless run in all competitions this season.Â£1.5m winless Scuntharpe United were relegated from the Football League.
Councillors in North Lanarkshire are expected to vote on Thursday on the future of a £500m maintenance contract with a Glasgow-based company which has been the subject of a row over the terms of the work it has been doing for the local authority.
Radhika Menon, the first female captain of an Indian Merchant Navy ship, has won an international bravery award for her rescue of 11 fishermen who were stranded on a sinking trawler for a week with no food or drinking water in the sea off the coast of India.
England's collapse on the third day of the final Test against India in Chennai was the worst collapse of any Test match I have seen in my time as a cricket writer, and it was a match that will live long in the memory for all the wrong reasons - and for Alastair Cook.
CBBC kids have been voting on whether it's better to help or punish people who bully each other. Find out what they think! Click here to find out more about the vote.Â£1.5m in prize money for the best anti-bullying campaign.
Surrey captain Gareth Batty has signed a new two-year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season, which will keep him at The Oval until June 2019, with the option of a further 12 months if he is not offered a new deal.
Cameroon's hopes of reaching the Confederations Cup semi-finals ended with a 3-2 defeat by Germany in Group B in the quarter-finals of the tournament in Russia.Â£1.5m Germany will face hosts Russia in the last four.
The Royal Navy is to get a "bigger Royal Navy and a flagship" in Portsmouth, the defence secretary has said as he visited the city to announce a £1bn investment in its harbour defence facilities ahead of the launch of two new aircraft carriers in 2020.
The contract to supply trains for the first phase of the HS2 high-speed rail project has been officially launched, creating hundreds of jobs in the UK and more than £500m of investment in the rail industry over the next three-and-a-half years.
The Republic of Ireland's Finance Minister, Charlie Flanagan, is to sell off about £15m worth of agricultural loans that relate to Northern Ireland's agri-food sector for a total value of about £50m, the BBC has learned from the Finance Minister Arlene Foster.
Harriet Harman, the former deputy leader of the Women's Equality Party, has told the BBC that membership of the European Union guarantees women's rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave, and the right to part-time workers to join occupational pension schemes, and that if Britain votes to leave, those rights could be lost.
A woman has admitted inciting her pet dog to attack another woman after telling it to "get her" in a row over a woman's mistaken identity at a flat in Aberdeen, a court has been told in the High Court in the Scottish Borders.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the victim of the attack.
A 17-year-old boy arrested after two teenagers died in a car crash in Monmouthshire will face no further action, police have said, after the case against him was dropped.Â£10,000 of bail has been released by the Court of Appeal.
Three uncapped players have been named in the England squad for the 2017 Six Nations, which starts with a match against France at Twickenham on 4 February, with the Grand Slam-winning side aiming to be "the most dominant team in world rugby" this year.
Woolly mammoths' genomes "melted apart" just before they went extinct, shedding light on the "last refuge" of the woolly mammoth in North America and the last remaining wild population in the Arctic.Â£1bn worth of genetic errors in the animals may have led to their extinction.
Veteran British actor John Johnson, best known for his roles in The Haunting, Khartoum and Some Girls Do, has died at the age of 83. His family has said he was a "much-loved and highly regarded" actor and director.
Police investigating the rape of a woman in west Belfast have released CCTV images of two men they want to speak to in connection with the attack.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of a man who carried out the assault.
Graffiti by World War One soldiers has been discovered at a former training site in Wiltshire, more than 100 years after they left home to fight in the trenches of the front line in the UK and France.Â£1m worth of artefacts including hand grenades and ammunition have been unearthed.
A commemorative mosaic has been unveiled at Lincoln Cathedral to mark the 70th anniversary of a World War Two bombing campaign which saved the lives of thousands of Dutch people who had been starving to death in Nazi-occupied areas of the Netherlands during the second half of World War II.
Restaurants are to be banned from opening close to schools in a bid to tackle child obesity in a part of Kent that has the highest rate of obesity in the South East, a council has said.The British Retail Consortium has said it is "appalling" the local authority's proposals.
Toys giant Lego has ended its relationship with the Daily Mail after pressure from anti-racism group Stop Funding Hate, the company has confirmed to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website and the BBC News website (BSTV) that the tie-up had "ended".
A drug used to treat skin cancer has been shown to be able to reactivate dormant HIV in people with the virus, US scientists say in a new study in the journal of the journal Nature Medicine, despite not being tested in people who are HIV-positive.
A man accused of trying to buy deadly ricin poison on the dark web was inspired by the hit US TV series Breaking Bad, a court has been told, as he took delivery of a toy car with a hidden package of the toxin hidden in it, a jury has heard.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to create a "well-educated and wealthier Wales" if it wins power in May's assembly election on 23 May, its first since 1999 and the first since the party was formed in 1999.
Harlow, Essex, is celebrating its 70th birthday with a series of events, including a book festival, to mark the town's centenary.Â£1m of public money is being given to the town by the European Union (EU) to help it meet its needs.
Sale Sharks director of rugby Steve Diamond says the club are in talks with "four or five" international players to sign for the Super League club next season, reports BBC Radio Manchester Sport's Victoria Derbyshire Sport website and BBC Radio Lancashire Radio Manchester.
Greece captain Savvasos Karagounis has announced his retirement from international football after his side's World Cup exit at the last-16 stage in Brazil on Monday."You can't change it now," said the veteran player after his final game for the national team.
Jack Baird's last-gasp goal gave St Mirren victory over Ayr United in their Scottish League Cup Group G opener in Paisley to put the Saints top of the table in the competition for the first time since the start of the season.Ayr United's hopes of reaching the play-offs suffered a setback as they were knocked out in the first round.
This is the moment a Monster Jam driver pulled off a jaw-dropping stunt in front of a crowd of thousands of people - by standing on top of a cannon and firing it into the air at speeds of up to 100 miles per hour! Check out this incredible stunt!
Hundreds of people have marched through Motherwell and Cambuslangrook to protest against the closure of two of the UK's two remaining steel plants in the region, in the wake of Tata Steel's announcement of its plans to mothball them and two others in Scunthorpe.
Two of the UK's most popular vloggers have told Newsbeat they're worried about new guidance issued by the advertising watchdog on YouTube about video adverts in the title of some of their videos.Here's why it's so important for you to be clear about sponsored content.
The mother of a boy with severe autism has told the BBC that he is still not able to go to school because there is no place for him at a special school for children with the condition in the area he needs to be placed in because it is already full.
Ukraine's President Viktor Yanukovych and opposition leaders have signed a deal aimed at restoring political stability to the country, after months of protests against his rule and his refusal to step down in the face of calls for him to step aside from the opposition's demands for a referendum.
If you want to know what it takes to be a prime minister in Australia, take a look at the links between the country's political history and its history of political upsets, as illustrated by Laurent Sanguinetti, a French-Australian illustrator based in Sydney.
An investigation into historical child abuse in north Wales has uncovered evidence of "systematic, serious sexual and physical abuse" dating back to the 1960s, the National Crime Agency has said in a press conference in Colwyn Bay, Conwy county, where it is investigating.
The death of a man whose body was found at a hotel in Aberdeen is not being treated as suspicious, Police Scotland has said, but remains "unexplained".Â£10,000 is to be refunded to the victim's family following a post-mortem examination.
British and Irish Lions wing George North and Ireland centre Robbie Henshaw have been ruled out of the rest of the New Zealand tour because of injuries suffered on the third day of the series in Christchurch, New Zealand, with surgery on their respective injuries."Unfortunate" injuries have forced them out.
Reading midfielder Krisztas Rakels has joined Polish second-tier club Lech Poznan on a season-long loan from the Championship club.Â£1.5m is on the table for the 2017-18 campaign, with the option of a permanent deal.
Lana Del Rey is in the middle of a rare moment of peace and seclusion - and it's rare to find her in the same room as the BBC newsroom as she is on her new album Lust For Life, where she's working on a new track called 13 Beaches.
Violence between police and black communities in the United States has been on the rise for months, with protests over the fatal shootings of unarmed black men and women by officers in Ferguson, Missouri, and other cities across the US.ÂÂ£1.5bn of federal funds has been spent on policing in the last three years, but it is not the first time the issue has come up.
Ofsted inspectors have found 15 unregistered schools in England where pupils are being taught outside the supervision of the Department for Education, local authorities or Ofsted, the watchdog has said in a letter to the Education Secretary Nicky Morgan, urging her to close them down.
The Women's Super League One Spring Series starts on Saturday, 1 July and will run until the end of the 2017-18 season on Sunday, 2 July at 18:00 BST. Click here for all the latest signings and moves from the summer transfer window in England and Scotland.
British number three Aljaz Bedene says he wants to play for Slovenia at the 2020 Olympics in Tokyo, but will have to wait to see if his fiancee wants him to move back to his native country to be eligible for the team event in Tokyo in 2020.
Spanish cyclist Ivan Rodriguez has announced he will retire from cycling at the Rio Olympics in 2016, the first time he has announced his retirement from the sport at this stage of his career, BBC Sport has been told by the Vuelta a Espana's Spanish TV channel.
A woman who was made redundant from her job as a social worker because she had a disabled daughter has been awarded £20,000 in damages.The Court of Appeal has upheld her claim for unfair dismissal and lost her £10,000 pay-off for injury to her feelings.
It's a strange time of year in the Conservative Party, with two cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other on the record, and in public, about the best way forward for Britain to leave the European Union, and with Michael Gove's decision to join the Vote Leave campaign, and many wondering why he did it.
Joey Dunlop's son Gary will make his Ulster Grand Prix debut at Dundrod in 2016 after missing last year's event because of a serious head injury suffered in a crash at Donington Park in 2015.Guy Martin will miss this year's race as he is filming a TV programme for Channel 4.
Leeds United chairman Massimo Cellino has been "very positive" during the "dark days" at Elland Road, says the club's chief executive Paul Raynor, despite protests by some fans at the end of the win over Barnsley on Saturday.
As a mother of two young children, Jocelyn Black is used to running around the streets of London's parks and parks with her husband and children in tow, but she's never been able to do so while wearing a sports bra or running a gym with a partner.
WBA world super-bantamweight champion Guillermo Rigondeaux will defend his title against Luke Dickens at London's O2 Arena on 28 March. Click here for more details on the fight between the two boxers, which will be streamed live on BBC One.
A certificate of Irish heritage issued to people who claim to be of Irish descent is to be withdrawn from sale after less than expected uptake, the Irish government has said, citing a lack of interest in the scheme in the United States, where it has been popular with celebrities.
A large number of sheep have been stolen from a farm in Dumfries and Galloway in what police have described as an "unprecedented" heifers' heifer theft.Police are treating the theft as a "serious case of mistaken identity".
New Zealand's Joseph Parker failed to defend his WBOBOBO world middleweight title as Razvan Cojanu won a close fight to claim the vacant title in his first fight since taking the title in May 2015 at Auckland's ASB Arena on Saturday night.
US President Donald Trump has made a series of abrupt U-turns on key issues on his first full day in office, reversing positions he took during the election campaign and during his first week in the White House, US media reports say, amid reports of a power struggle at the top of his administration.
Jockey AP McCoy won the Cheltenham Gold Cup for the first time in his career with a comfortable victory in the Grade One One-and-a-half-mile (1.6km) St James' Palace Chase at Glorious Goodwood.
Scarlets rugby player Scott Williams has been criticised after a photo of him dressed as a character from the film The Godfather was posted on social media by an anti-racism campaign group on Monday.Â£10,000 in prize money has been awarded to the Welsh rugby union club.
Vietnamese man Nguyen Phuc Bich has thanked Facebook users for their support after he complained that he had been banned from the social network for using his real name, saying he was "honoured" to make people laugh at his "outrageous and ridiculous" post.
Tesco has bought the Giraffe restaurant chain for an undisclosed sum as part of a drive to boost its UK retail presence, the supermarket group has said in a statement to the BBC's Conlumino.com news website on Monday.Â£1bn-a-year deal to buy Giraffe is set to be completed by the end of the year.
A taxi driver's collection of pictures of Edinburgh's festival goers is to go on display for the first time in the city's history after he posed for more than 100 photos of people he asked to sit in his taxi.Â£10,000 worth of photos will go on show at an exhibition.
Twelve Syrian migrants, including five children, have drowned trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece, the Turkish coastguard has said, with the bodies washed up on the Turkish shore after the boat capsized in the sea off the coast of Bodrum.
Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal blamed "a lot of things are happening in the heads of the players" after his side were beaten 2-1 by FC Copenhagen in their Europa League match in Sweden."It is the law of Murphy's Law," said the 67-year-old.
Trading standards in the UK are "as strong as its weakest link", according to the head of the body that sets standards for the country's councils to protect people from the dangers of food and drink, BBC Radio 5 live has been told by a leading industry figure.
Three people have been charged in connection with an alleged scam to defraud people out of more than £20,000 for children's charity Unicef in Cardiff, South Wales Police has said in a press release on its website ( www.sussexpolicescotland.org).
Portsmouth chairman Michael Eisner is set to become the club's new owner after making a £5.67m bid for the League Two club, BBC Radio Solent has learned from BBC Radio Cymru and the BBC Radio Portsmouth website on Thursday.
Aid groups in Greece have called for urgent action to prevent the deaths of three migrants at a camp in northern Greece where they say they are being kept in the dark about the dangers posed by the cold weather and the use of heaters and wood-burning stoves.
Scientists have digitally recreated the most complete skeleton of a stegosaur, one of the world's most famous dinosaurs, using 3D imaging and 3D modelling technology to try to solve some of the mysteries surrounding its life.Â£1.5m has been acquired for a new study.
Volkswagen has pleaded guilty in a US court to charges related to the diesel emissions scandal that has hit the German carmaker's global business and cost it billions of dollars in fines and penalties.A former top US executive has admitted his role in a scheme to cheat emissions tests.
Infection-related cancers account for 1.9m cases of cancer worldwide each year, according to a global analysis of the most comprehensive study of its kind to date, with more than a third of cases in the developing world, a study suggests in the Lancet oncology.
David Cameron has said the UK and Turkey are working "as closely as we possibly can" to tackle the threat posed by foreign fighters fighting in Syria and Iraq, on his first visit to Turkey as prime minister in four years, as he visits the country for a three-day visit.
British astronaut Tim Peake has been talking to Newsround about his time on the International Space Station and how it's been a great experience. He says he's loved every minute of it so far, but there's still lots of things he'd like to do when he gets back to Earth.
BBC Radio 1 is looking to recruit a new line-up of presenters for its 50th birthday celebrations, with the launch of a "subs bench" of new presenters to fill the void left by Matt Edmondson, who is taking a break from presenting.
A number of whales have been rescued from a mass stranding on the Isle of Wight after they became stranded on rocks on Tuesday afternoon, the RNLI has said.Eight whales have died and one is in a critical condition in hospital following the incident.Â£10,000 worth of whale oil has been donated to help save the animals.
The Saudi-led coalition carrying out air strikes against Houthi rebels in Yemen has now been bombing the country for three weeks, killing more than 1,000 people and wounding more than 2,000 others, most of whom are Shia Houthi fighters and their allies, the Houthi al-Houthis.
It is not often that I am asked to make a half-hour radio programme for BBC Radio 4, and I have never before had the chance to do so on my own time, let alone for the station's listeners to listen to it live on their mobile phones.
Irn Bru maker AG Barr Group has announced plans to reduce the amount of sugar in its range of soft drinks by more than 50% in the run-up to the introduction of the UK's new tax on sugar-sweetened soft drinks in April 2018.
Facebook has defended its decision to keep a billionaire investor on the board of its parent company, despite his role in a legal battle with the publisher of the Gawker news site, which is suing the firm for $135m (Â£97m) over a sex tape.
The Museum of London is trying to raise funds to rebuild one of the world's most famous robots, which has lain forgotten in a museum room for more than 80 years, since it was first unveiled to the public in the 1930s and is now in a state of decay.
The government of El Salvador has placed an advert in local newspapers urging people not to join a criminal gang, warning of the dangers posed by Mexican drug cartels, in the run-up to the country's 20th anniversary of its independence from the United States on 20 May.
Great Britain's winter sports are to receive more funding from UK Sport following their record medal haul at the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, the governing body has confirmed to BBC Radio 5 live and the BBC Sport website on Monday night and on Tuesday in the build-up to the Games.
Manchester Storm moved to within a point of Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils thanks to a 2-1 victory at the SSE Arena on Saturday night to move to within two points of the top two in the table and within three points of winning the play-off spot.
The head of the UK's roads policing watchdog has called for a change in the law to make it easier to prosecute drivers if a cyclist is killed in a collision involving a motor vehicle, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been told by a former shadow home secretary.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady's ex-girlfriend will not be charged over the death of one of his victims because there is insufficient evidence to prove she knew the contents of a letter given to the victim's mother, it has been decided by the UK's top prosecutor.
Portsmouth and 10-man Carlisle shared the spoils at Fratton Park as they played out a draw in the League Two play-off semi-final first leg of their EFL Cup third round tie at the Crabble Athletic Ground.Â£1m signing Carlisle United were relegated from the Championship.
The shape of the electron has been measured with "very, very high precision" for the first time, according to UK-based scientists.Researchers say they have found a new measurement of the particle's internal structure that differs from the current best theory of sub-atomic physics.
MPs should not reveal details of court proceedings in Parliament unless in "exceptional circumstances", the UK's top law officer has said, as he urged the media to "beware" of reporting anything said in Parliament which flouts court orders in breach of them.
A student who suffered "life-changing" injuries after falling through a skylight at a college has been ordered to pay £500,000 to his family after a judge ruled he was not responsible for his own actions and should not have been awarded damages.
Germany's Andre Greipel won the first stage of the Tour of Britain as Mark Cavendish crashed out of the race on the penultimate day of racing in Cumbria, ending his bid for a third title in four years.Â£1.5m prize money for the Tour de France winner.
A parking company is being investigated over claims one of its staff changed the timestamps on car parking notices issued to drivers in Lincolnshire, the BBC has learned from a complaint to the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau (NFI).A parking regulator has said it is investigating complaints about similar incidents in other parts of the country.
Plans for a £100m project to improve one of Glasgow's main roads have been unveiled after a two-year public consultation process, with a view to construction work starting next year, it has been revealed.Â£5.5m of funding has been approved.
A new song calling for unity in Africa has been released in South Africa in the wake of attacks on foreigners in the country, the BBC has learned from the country's main opposition party, the African National Congress (ANC) and the opposition South African National Party (ANC).
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead at a house in Worcestershire, police have said, with her body still in the garden of the property.A woman's body has been identified.Â£10,000 has been recovered from the scene.
There's been a lot going on in the corridors of power at the Welsh government in the run-up to the assembly election, and it was clear that universities were not happy with the way the budget was being presented to AMs on Wednesday morning, and they were determined to make their voices heard.
The BBC Trust has defended its decision to publish a controversial column by broadcaster Colin Packham in the magazine Countryside, saying it was not a breach of its impartiality guidelines and he was not an employee of the corporation at the time of the article's publication.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 3-2 to take a 2-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series after a thrilling game three in Chicago on Friday night to level the series at 2-2 in a best-seven tie.Â£1.5m game.
A fundraising campaign set up by former EastEnders actress Alison Bracknell to pay for treatment for terminal lung cancer has raised more than £100,000 in a matter of days, it has been revealed to BBC Radio 4's Today programme on Thursday.Â£1,000 has been raised for the actress.
Leonardo Ulloa's injury-time equaliser rescued a point for West Ham as they held 10-man Leicester to a draw at the King Power Stadium in a game marred by two red cards for the Foxes' top scorer and a controversial refereeing decision.
China is the world's second-largest economy and the second largest democracy in the world, with a population of more than 1.2 billion people and an estimated 1.3 billion people living in the country's urban areas. China is one of the most developed countries in the region, but its growth has lagged far behind the global average.
The Queen is to celebrate her 90th birthday with a street party in the centre of the city of York, with the help of her grandson Prince Philip and the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, it has been announced in the Queen's official Birthday Honours list.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week - and at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media. Please note that the BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used.
Scientists have developed an algorithm that can predict when a robot is going to fall and how to stop it from hitting the ground, in a bid to help prevent injuries to people.Â£1.5m robots are being developed to help people walk on the streets.
The deputy mayor of Calais has called for the UK to introduce a national identity card scheme in the wake of the Calais migrant crisis, saying it is the only way to properly deal with illegal immigration and to tackle benefit fraud in the UK and the fight against terrorism.
New Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has held his first meeting with the club's players as he prepares to take charge of the club for the first time since taking over at the start of the summer transfer window on 20 June, BBC Scotland has learned from his first day in charge.
US Attorney General Loretta Lynch has said the scope of her country's investigation into corruption at Fifa is "not limited" as it continues to expand, as Swiss and US prosecutors also expand their inquiries into the sport's world governing body's bid to host the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Wales coach Warren Gatland would be a "good fit" to replace Stuart Lancaster as England head coach, says ex-England captain Gareth Thomas Hodgson's ex-captain and Wales assistant coach Ian Millwardson - if the right offer was made.
US President Donald Trump has accused ex-FBI director James Comey of leaking details of his testimony to Congress about his firing by the president earlier this week, calling him a "leaker" and a "liar" who leaked details of the testimony to the media.
George Galloway has been reported to police over claims he discussed voting while the polls were open in the Bradford West by-election, it has been claimed by the local council's returning officer, the BBC has learned, and retweeted his own exit poll results.
A road in Jersey which was closed for more than two years after a landslide caused by heavy rain is to reopen to all traffic after a new route has been approved by the council, but will remain closed to through traffic for at least eight weeks while work is carried out.
A video game based on one of the world's most popular sports, Mexican wrestling, has been launched at the E3 video games show in Los Angeles, USA, to mark the event's first anniversary.Â£1.5m (US$1.6m) has been invested in the game's release.
A man has been jailed for eight months for failing to give money raised for a cancer charity to the family of a terminally ill boy who later died from the disease, the High Court in Belfast has heard on Wednesday.Â£1,000 in donations made by a man from Northern Ireland has been returned to his home.
Former Australian Treasurer Joe Hockey has been named as Australia's new ambassador to the United States, the country's prime minister has announced.Australia's Foreign Minister Julie Bishop has said he will take up the post in January, replacing Kim Beazley, who has been there since 2010.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has submitted a plan to deal with the overspend in the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme, the BBC has learned from the Department for the Economy that could lead to the introduction of a public consultation on the issue.
Police investigating the disappearance of Ben Needham in 1991 believe the toddler was killed in an accident near the farmhouse where he was last seen playing the day he went missing 25 years ago, it has been claimed by the force leading the inquiry.A digger was used to clear land behind the Needhams' home at the time of his disappearance, police said.
A man has been taken to hospital after falling from a second floor balcony in Brighton, police have said, following an incident in which a balcony collapsed on to a one-way street in the seafront area of the city on New Year's Day nightlife.
Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell carded a second-round three-over-par 75 to slip to a share of the lead at the halfway stage of the Qatar Masters at Doral in Abu Dhabi on Thursday morning, one stroke off the pace after the first round.
Love locks are being removed from a bridge in Lincolnshire because they are starting to rust and could damage the steel cables, the county council has said in a bid to stop them becoming an "epidemic" in the town where they were installed.Â£10,000 worth of the plastic locks have been removed.
Lewis Hamilton says he will give "everything he's got" to catch Mercedes team-mate and title rival Nico Rosberg in the final four races of the season if he is to win a fourth world title this year."You can't win them all," says the world champion.
A man has been charged with murder after the death of a man whose body was found in a car in Oxfordshire, police have said in a press release from the Met's Metrolink service station in the town where he was found unconscious in the vehicle.
A dog has died after falling into the River Ness in Angus, prompting a major rescue operation by fire crews and emergency services.Â£1,000 of emergency services equipment was deployed to the area.ÂÂ£2,000 worth of water was pumped into the river to help rescue the animal.
Australian police have warned people not to dress as clowns in public in a "copycat" of the US "killer clown" craze, after a spate of sightings in the US and now in Melbourne, the country's largest city, Victoria, and New Zealand.
Durham Jets came from behind to beat Leicestershire by five wickets in a rain-affected T20 Blast match in Newcastle on a day of mixed fortunes for the North Group in which rain disrupted play across England and Wales on the opening day of the competition.
India's batsmen put in a fine all-round display to put themselves in a commanding position on day four of the third Test against South Africa.The first Test ended in a draw after a thrilling finish.Â£1.5m prize money was awarded to the winning team.
The number of people switching energy suppliers in the UK has broken the three million mark for the first time, according to official figures.Â£1.5bn worth of savings can be made by ditching standard tariffs for the cheapest deal, it has been claimed.
There is a "big yawning gap" between girls and boys when it comes to exercise, according to a study of more than a decade of data on children's exercise levels.Â£1.5bn is needed to keep children active in the UK, experts say.
Taking a commonly prescribed drug for osteoporosis may increase the risk of fractures, a study suggests, after X-rays were bombarded with a beam of light 10 billion times brighter than the Sun to reveal the cracks built up in the bones of patients' bones.
St Mirren have signed Dundee United striker Cammy Smith on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Pittodrie in the summer of 2018, subject to a work permit and work permit applications being lodged.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses remain without power in parts of Greater Manchester after the weekend's floods, a power company has said, as crews continue to clear up the debris and restore supplies to thousands of customers left cut off by the waterlogged streets and businesses.
Transport for London (TfL) has introduced a cashless bus system in a bid to save £24m a year, the authority has said, but the move is likely to affect tourists and the "vulnerable" in the capital's transport system.
Edinburgh are to play their home matches at Myreside for the next two seasons after agreeing a deal with the city council to move to the city's newest stadium for the 2017-18 Premiership season, BBC Scotland has learned in a deal worth an estimated £2m.
High-end fashion retailer The Watt Group has announced plans to create up to 600 new jobs as part of a major expansion of its stores in West Lothian and East Ayrshire over the next five years, with the aim of opening up to 16 new stores.
It's that time of year when you're trying to improve your fitness, and you're planning to make the most of every minute of your day out and about, whether it's a run, a walk, a swim, a run or even just a leisurely stroll.
South Yorkshire Police has apologised for the way it handled the Hillsborough disaster, saying it was "profoundly sorry" for "the way the force failed" in the aftermath.Â£1m compensation has been paid to families of the 96 football fans who lost their lives.
The hard shoulder of the M6 motorway in Birmingham has reopened after being closed following a crash which left one person dead and three others injured, police have said, with tailbacks expected for up to two days to get back to normal service on Monday morning.
The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 in the Indian Ocean has been "considered complete" after the US Navy's underwater vehicle failed to find any trace of debris, officials have said in a statement to the Australian government and the BBC's Panorama.
Annan Athletic made a winning start to the Scottish League Two season with a 4-2 victory at home to Stirling Albion, while Elgin City began with a 1-0 home win over Montrose, while Arbroath drew 1-1 with Berwick Rangers.
The UK voted to leave the European Union (EU) on Thursday, but there are some people in Scotland who think that the country should stay in the union and become its own country again, just like it was in other parts of the UK, instead of voting to leave.
A music teacher raped a student because he was "critical" to her success at school and future career, a court has been told as he went on trial for sex offences dating back to the 1970s and '80s, a jury was told in Manchester.
China's crude oil imports from Iran jumped sharply in April, despite the ongoing dispute between the US and Iran over the payment of a disputed $1.8bn (£1.2bn) debt.China's imports from Tehran have hit a record high for the month, official figures show.
The chief executive of Natural Resources Wales (NRW) has been accused of "pulling the wool over his eyes" over a £39m deal to buy timber from forests hit by a fungus disease in 2014-15, the assembly's public accounts committee has heard.
Councils in England will still face a £6.8bn budget shortfall by the end of the Parliament, the Local Government Association (LGA) has warned in its annual report to the Commons on Thursday.The government has said council tax will be less in real terms than it was in 2010-11.
It started out as a normal family story in rural Japan, a simple trip to the woods with a few friends and a picnic lunch in the summer sunshine on Sunday afternoon, and ended with a dramatic twist to the tale on Monday night, as the parents of a seven-year-old boy were caught up in a social media storm.
It's been an eventful few days in the world of cricketing management and I'm looking forward to a few more lengthy working days in my new role as a director of cricket at the County Championship Division Two club I will be covering for BBC Radio Solent this summer.
Three-time Olympic gold medallist Mo Farah has shared his top tips for young athletes who want to compete at the next Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, in the future... focus on your own efforts. Watch the full interview on Newsround on Saturday, 21 February at 19:00 BST.
UKIP leadership candidate Kassam Kassam has said he wants to "make UKIP great again" and pledged to increase the party's membership to 100,000 by 2020 if he does not win the contest to lead the party into the next general election, if he loses.
Former Irish prime minister Bertie Ahern has said a hard border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland will be inevitable after Brexit.Â£1bn of trade will have to be created in the wake of Brexit, he has said, but he does not expect a return to the violence of the Troubles of the past.
A memorial has been unveiled in Liverpool to the hundreds of people from Merseyside who fought in the Spanish Civil War in the late 1930s and early '40s who died fighting for the Republicans in the country's war of independence from the fascist dictator, General Francisco Franco.
A woman has been shot dead in a street attack by a group of men on pedal cycles, the Met Police has said, with one of the victims thought to have been a mother of two from north London, it has been confirmed to be a mother-of-three.
The Channel Tunnel is one of the world's most famous bridges, built across the English Channel between France and the Channel Islands in the 1960s and 1970s, but it is now under threat of closure because of the threat of terrorist attacks in Paris and other parts of Europe.
The leader of the Baloch separatist movement in Pakistan's restive province of Balochistan has said he is prepared to hold peace talks with the military if peace talks can begin with the Pakistani government in return for an end to military operations in the region.Â£1bn ($1.2bn; $1.3bn)
This week's EU summit is shaping up to be one of the most important in David Cameron's political career, and one of his most important since becoming prime minister.Â£1bn is on the line, and the prime minister's team is determined to make sure it is a success.
Former Peruvian President Keiko Fujimori has announced that he will use social media to express his emotions while in prison, in defiance of the country's justice minister and the president.The justice minister has ordered the authorities to limit the former leader's access to Twitter.
Cancer experts are calling on the Welsh government to vaccinate all boys aged 12 and 13 against a sexually transmitted disease as part of a campaign to get them vaccinated against the disease before they are older.The number of men being diagnosed with cancer is increasing.Â£1.5m a year is being spent on cancer in Wales, figures show.
The manufacturer of a blue cup that has been coveted by a dad for three years after it was found in a Twitter appeal has agreed to make a run of the original moulds for the boy's "lifetime supply".Â£1,000 worth of the product has been found.
Tom Cairney and Sone Aluko scored their first goals for Fulham as they beat Brentford at Griffin Park to move into the play-off places in the Championship and end the Bees' unbeaten start to the season.Â£5m-rated run of four games.
French President Francois Hollande has appointed Philippe Ayrault as his new foreign minister, the Elysee Palace has said, in a cabinet reshuffle that also includes the leader of the Green party, Jean-Yves Le Drian, who has been named economy minister.
A man who was seen "sleepwalking" through Manchester city centre in the middle of the night has been helped by Greater Manchester Ambulance Service (GMP) who said it was a "proper somnambulism" and not a dare.
The 2017 Winter Olympics are about to start in South Korea, and it's set to be one of the biggest sporting events in the world yet this year.Here's all you need to know about what to expect from this year's Winter Olympics! Click here for all the latest!
Wycombe Wanderers' new signing Adebayo Akinfenwa has been sent off in his first game for the League Two club after signing for French side Le Havre on a one-month loan deal from Premier League side Crystal Palace on Tuesday.
Philadelphia congressman Chaka Fattah has been found guilty of running a multi-million dollar bribery and money laundering scheme, the US Attorney's Office in the US state of Pennsylvania has said in a press conference on Wednesday.The former mayor of the city has been convicted of racketeering and fraud.
Great Britain have been set a target of winning three gold medals at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics, according to UK Sport, which is backing the team for the first time in the country's history to win at least four medals in a single Winter Games in Russia.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has set out his latest proposals for a fiscal framework for new powers being devolved to Holyrood in the wake of the UK government's failure to reach a deal with the Scottish government over the issue.The Scottish government will see no detriment to its budget under his proposals, he has said.
Dayle Southwell's first-half goal earned Wycombe Wanderers their first win of the League Two season as they beat Stevenage to move up to third place in the table with three games to go, three points above the play-off places and a point above the automatic promotion places.
A teenager who killed an 11-year-old boy at an Aberdeen school has been sentenced to eight years in prison.A judge has described his actions as a "very serious matter" after he was found guilty of culpable homicide in a fight over a biscuit.
Great Britain's four Northern Ireland rowers have all qualified for the finals of their respective boat classes at the European Rowing Championships in Brandenburg, Germany on Saturday night and into Sunday morning's final day of competition in the event in the German capital, Berlin.
US tennis star Venus Williams is being investigated by police after a motorist was killed in a car crash in Florida, according to reports in the US media, but her lawyer says it was an "unfortunate accident" and she was not issued with any traffic violations.
As India's chess boxers prepare for the World Chess Boxing Championship in Moscow, the BBC's Geeta Pandey looks at the sport's potential in the country and how the sport is growing in popularity in India, writes the BBC Hindi's Shilpa Kannan Joshi in Mumbai.
A fund-raising campaign to save a US radio telescope array used to search for alien life has raised enough money to allow it to reopen after a two-month closure.Â£2.5m has been raised to keep it operating.Â© Paul Allen.
Two newly-elected Conservative MSPs have been campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union in the run-up to the referendum on the UK's membership of the EU on 23 June.Â£1m of research funding could be lost if the UK votes to leave, it has been claimed.
A man who was arrested after spending the night on the roof of a church in Edinburgh has been fined for his "stupid, idiotic act" of hanging out on a roof while he was in court on a domestic matter.Â£1,000 in fines will be paid to a "very, very drunk" man.
Labour's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) has rejected a proposal to allow Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet to be chosen by party members and trade unionists, in a bid to constrain the left-winger's power.Â£25-a-vote system has been rejected by the party's ruling body.
A police force is to record all incidents of hate crime against women as a hate crime in a bid to make the county a safer place for women, it has been announced to improve the way it deals with harassment and abuse of female victims in the county's communities.
The BBC's Spotlight poll for the BBC Spotlight programme on the potential outcome of a border poll in Northern Ireland has been published, and it is not a surprise that the vast majority of people in the area want the UK to stay in the union, but it is also significant that more than two-thirds would back the status quo in a future poll.
An Iranian couple who were among the first refugees to be resettled in Australia as part of a deal to resettle refugees in Cambodia have left the country, the country's government has confirmed to the BBC News website and the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABS).
A cafe sign outside a cafe in the town where April Jones went missing has been branded "shocking" and "totally inappropriate" by some people who say it is a tribute to the murdered schoolgirl.The owner of the cafe has said she has received only one complaint.
Radical preacher Anjem Choudary has been jailed for 10 years for encouraging support for so-called Islamic State (IS) and has been joined by a close friend, who has been given a 12-year jail term for inciting support for the terror group.
A four-year-old boy has died in a house fire in Neath Port Talbot which also claimed the life of his mother and four other members of the same family, police have said.The cause of the blaze is being investigated by the fire service.
Technology giant Apple has raised $35bn (£24bn) by issuing bonds to raise cash to fund its plan to return more than $100bn (Â£66bn) to shareholders.ÂÂ£35bn is the second-largest amount the company has ever raised in a single day.
An NHS trust that runs five hospitals in Kent has been put into special measures after inspectors found staff shortages, patient safety concerns and a lack of staff.Â£28m is to be spent on improving facilities, including a new hospital in Dover, it has been announced.
China has expressed "serious concern" over US President-elect Donald Trump's criticism of the so-called "One China" policy, saying it could damage ties with the US and could be a "bargain chip" for trade with Beijing, state media report.
A Guangzhou baby-hatched centre in southern China has temporarily closed to new newborns for the first time since the scheme was introduced in January, state media report, citing the city's civil affairs bureau.The director has apologised for the move, saying staff were overwhelmed by the number of abandoned infants.
A father-of-two who died trying to save his son from drowning at a beach where five other men died has been described as a "hero", an inquest has heard, as a pre-inquest review into the deaths of five men from London was held.
What is the so-called Responsibility Lock, as Ed Miliband and Ed Balls put it in their election manifesto, and what is it and how do they intend to keep Labour fiscally constrained if they are re-elected at the general election in the next few weeks?
The family of a British backpacker missing in Peru say they are planning to fly to the country to find him after Interpol confirmed they have been in touch with his last known movements since he left in the country earlier this month and he has not been heard from since.
Peruvian President Ollanta Humala has said his government has begun to "lay the groundwork" for "inclusive growth" as he marked the end of his first year in office in a speech to the nation's Congress on Wednesday.Â£1bn-a-year is still needed to eradicate poverty in the country, he said.
A man has been rescued from the sea off the Anglesey coast after being found unconscious in the water by a member of the public working in the car park of a car park on the island's promenade in the early hours of the morning on Saturday.
A biker is taking legal action against a brewery after he was banned from its pub because he and other bikers were not allowed to ride their bikes in the car park, his solicitor has said, calling it a "discrimination" case against a "protected group".
Leeds Rhinos moved to within two points of Super League leaders Castleford with a comfortable win over Warrington Wolves at Headingley, who remain without a Super League win this season.Â£1.5m in the bank after being knocked out of the Challenge Cup at the first round.
Livingston extended their lead at the top of Scottish League One to five points with a 3-1 win over 10-man Inverness Caledonian Thistle, who had a man sent off in the second half.Second-placed Albion Rovers were held to a 1-1 draw at home to Queen's Park.
A multi-million pound project to rebuild a car park at a Dorset shopping centre has been given the go-ahead by the council after more than 10 years of delays, it has been announced to complete the £40m project by the end of the year.
The Shepton Mallet cider mill is to close, with the loss of more than 100 jobs, it has been announced by the firm that owns the site and the cider-making site in Clonmel, County Tipperary, where it will be based.
The chair of the inquiry into historical child sex abuse in England and Wales, Ian McKelvie, has resigned from the panel set up to investigate claims of abuse at Westminster, the BBC has learned from the IICSA inquiry into child sexual abuse in the 1980s.
The Church of England and the Church of Scotland have signed a "historic" pact to co-operate more closely, it has been announced in a joint report to the two churches' General Assemblys in Edinburgh and Holyrood's General Assembly in Glasgow.
The death of a baby girl who was mauled to death by her mother's pet dog could not have been prevented, a serious case review has found, despite a number of failings by Northamptonshire Police.The force failed to act on concerns about the animal's breed, a report has found.
England head coach Mark Sampson has named an unchanged squad for the first two matches of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers in Spain next month."We have a lot of work to do" to reach the highest level possible, says the England boss ahead of Euro 2017.
The UK is holding a referendum on whether to remain a member of the European Union (EU) on 23 June - the first since the country joined the bloc after the end of the Second World War, when it joined the Common Market following the end-of-WW2.
Morocco's opposition leader has criticised the turnout in Sunday's referendum on a new constitution, saying it was the worst since the country's civil war in the 1970s, which ended in a military-backed military coup in 1975 that led to the overthrow of King Idriss.
Kevin Pietersen became the first man to score a Twenty20 Twenty20 century for South African side Dolphins in a domestic Twenty20 competition in New Zealand.Â£1m Kevin Pietersen is set to play in the Big Bash League in Australia this winter.Â© BBC World Service
A cross-party legal challenge to the UK's decision to leave the European Union is to be taken to the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) in Strasbourg, the High Court has been told in a bid to stop the UK leaving the EU.
The political crisis in Northern Ireland has come to a head again after a murder by the IRA left the country without a power-sharing government for the first time in more than 50 years, BBC News NI has learned from Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers who is holding talks to try to resolve the crisis.
The water lilies of Claude Monet are to go on display for the first time in the UK at the Royal Academy of Arts, London, as part of an exhibition marking the centenary of the artist's birth in the country where he created his most famous work.
The owner of a fireworks shop which was destroyed in a controlled explosion has said he is "lucky" no-one was hurt as he fled the scene of the blaze in a panic as smoke billowed across the Bitterne Manor area of Southampton.Â£2,000 worth of olive trees have been destroyed in the blaze.
Two police constables who filmed themselves near the scene of the Shoreham air crash have been warned they will not be allowed to return to the force after they were reported to the chief constable for gross misconduct in a public official's view.Â£1,000 fine has been handed to one of the officers.
Demarai Gray and Islam Slimani both scored twice as Leicester City beat Sheffield United in the EFL Cup first round to reach the third round for the first time in six years and book a place in the Capital One Cup quarter-final against Manchester City at Wembley.
Hospitals in Wales are being urged to improve the way they respond to sepsis after a study found a "big variation" in how quickly they treat the condition is being reported to the health board and to the NHS in the country as a whole.
The estranged wife and children of late US comedian Robin Williams have been ordered to settle a dispute over the contents of his estate in a California court case that has dragged on for eight months and cost more than $100,000 (Â£77,000) in legal fees.
A man who posed as a doctor to register the births of more than 100 fake babies has been jailed for three years and eight months.He has been ordered to pay back more than £25,000 after being caught after returning to the scene of one of his false births.
Astronaut Luca Parmitano has returned to Earth after a six-month mission to the International Space Station, the first European astronaut to return to Earth from the space station without a protective suit or protective equipment on board his spacecraft.Â© ESA/Nasa.
A man has died after being hit by a car in Maidstone, Kent, on Saturday night, police have said, while on his way home from a night out in the city centre in the early hours of the morning, police said, adding: "We are treating it as a fatal accident."
The UK government's decision not to stop arms sales to Saudi Arabia was "rational", the High Court has ruled in a ruling that could be seen as a "green light" for arms sales.Campaigners have said they will appeal against the decision to uphold the UK's arms trade.
England's middle-order crumbled as India A beat them by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Mumbai to level the series at 1-1 after losing both their opening two games in the tour match against India A A at the Wankhede.
The world's biggest cruise operator, Carnival Corp, has reported a sharp rise in profits for the third quarter of the year, reversing a decline in ticket prices for cruises in the wake of the Costa Concordia shipwreck in Italy earlier this year, which left 32 people dead.
The Uruguayan government has announced that it will begin selling marijuana in pharmacies in July, the first step in legalising the sale of the drug for recreational use in the country next month.Â£1.30 per gram will be paid for each gram, officials say.
A woman whose friend died in a fire at a wood treatment works has been made an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for her efforts to help the families of the five people who died in the blaze, it has been announced in the New Year's Honours.
Bristol residents in Bristol, in the UK, say they're fed up with the smell of vinegar coming out of their windows and down their driveways every time they walk down their local street or use their garden in the morning.They don't think it's a good idea to use it as a cleaning solution.
Oxfordshire's private sector would be "foolish" not to help the public sector in the event of "massive cuts" to public sector jobs, a leading business figure has said, as research suggests the county is less resilient to economic shocks than other parts of England.
A man has died after a stage collapsed at a Radiohead concert in the Canadian city of Toronto, police say, killing at least one other person and injuring several others.Â£1.5m (1.6m; $1.8m) worth of scaffolding collapsed on stage.
Timo Werner scored twice as RB Leipzig beat Mainz to move level on points with Bundesliga leaders Bayern Munich at the top of the table with a comfortable win at the RB Dusseldorf Stadion in Germany's top-flight for the first time.
Communications Secretary Jeremy Hunt has defended his government's plans for the UK's high-speed broadband network, saying "any speed is not good enough" to compete with other countries in Europe's growing market of 4G mobile phone firms and internet service providers (ISPs).
Some low and middle-income countries are not well prepared for the challenge of testing for HIV, say researchers from the World Health Organization (WHO) and the University of Cape Town in South Africa and the US-based Centre for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC).
Scotland goalkeeper Gemma Fay says qualifying for Euro 2017 would be the "most special moment" of her international career if the Scots qualify for a major tournament for the first time since the World Cup in 2010 and she decides to retire from international football.Â£100,000-a-year playing.
Crawley Town have signed James Hurst from West Bromwich Albion for an undisclosed fee, with the defender saying he is "fit and raring to go" after a successful loan spell at Southend United earlier in the summer, reports BBC Radio Cymru.
Leinster ended their Pro12 campaign with a hard-fought victory over Edinburgh at Murrayfield to secure a European Champions Cup play-off spot and a top-four finish.Â£1.5m will be paid to the winners of the Pro12 title.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he wants to scrap the so-called benefit cap, saying it is responsible for "social cleansing" in his Islington North constituency and is "devastating" for children and the community as a whole, the BBC has been told.
Bosses have been warned not to start "snooping" on their employees after a ruling in the European Court of Human Rights cleared the way for "Stasi-style surveillance" of private emails and internet use at work - but the ruling is not a "green light" for bosses.
One of the world's largest wild cheetahs has been shot dead in Botswana in what conservationists have called a "needless and heartbreaking" killing.Â£10,000 ($13,000; $16,000) has been paid in compensation to the family of the animal's owner.
Adult social care services are facing a "worrying" funding crisis, with the number of elderly and disabled people needing more help, a survey suggests.Ministers have been urged to take urgent action to protect the "vital" care system for the over-65s.
Kilmarnock have completed the signing of midfielder Lee McCulloch from Rangers for an undisclosed fee, subject to a work permit and a medical, on a pre-contract agreement with the Scottish Premiership club on Monday.Â£500,000 is to be paid to McCulloch's agent.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he does not need to spend a club record transfer fee to make the signings he wants during the January transfer window to turn his squad into a first-team force in the Championship this summer and has targeted just two or three players.
Widnes Vikings half-back Joe Mellor has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.Â£250,000 will be paid to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.Â© BBC Sport.com.
League One side Wigan Athletic Bilbao have signed Bournemouth midfielder Scott MacDonald on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Championship club in the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m has been agreed with the Championship side.
Inspectors have found 26 areas for improvement at Dumfries and Galloway General Hospital for the elderly and those with dementia and learning disabilities.The quality of care there has been rated "inadequate" in a report by a health watchdog after two visits.
Bournemouth assistant manager Paul Friend has been ruled out for the rest of the season after collapsing on the touchline during Saturday's Premier League win over Southampton, his first game back in charge of the club since November 2014, after breaking his nose in a fall.
Belize, a former British colony on the Caribbean island of Belize, is one of the world's least-developed countries, but it has enjoyed a boom in recent years as a result of its independence from the United Kingdom and its relationship with the United States.
A woman has been found not guilty of sending indecent images of herself to a 15-year-old boy on social media, a court has heard, after he reported her to the authorities in the UK and the US for a police investigation.Â£1,000 fine and £10,000 costs.
A cannabis-based treatment for children with severe forms of epilepsy is to be trialled in the UK for the first time, it has been announced by Edinburgh University and Great Ormond Street Hospital in London and the Royal Hospital for Sick Children in London in a new trial.
Senegalese troops have entered The Gambia in a show of force to force President Yahya Jammeh to step down, the army has said, as the regional bloc Ecowas prepares to intervene militarily if he does not leave power by Friday's deadline.
It is not every day that hundreds of schoolchildren from all over Belfast gather at the same place to take part in an extra-curricular tuition programme for pupils who are at risk of failing to get a pass grade in their GCSEs and A-levels.
A High Court judge has ruled that a media organisation can report comments made by a member of the Irish parliament (TD) under parliamentary privilege about a former Anglo Irish Bank boss's personal finances, despite a court injunction preventing RTÉ from doing so in the Republic of Ireland.
Shrewsbury Town have signed former Walsall midfielder Ryan MacGillivray on a one-year deal."I want to rectify what I did not get done at Walsal," says the Shropshire club's new signing.
Profits at BG Group have fallen sharply in the first three months of the year as the oil and gas firm continues to struggle with the lower oil price and weak commodity prices in the face of a takeover battle with Royal Dutch Shell for its BG Group business in the UK and the US.
A tourism boss has warned of a "worrying trend" in forward bookings for holidaymakers in Cumbria after the county was hit by flooding over the festive period and the number of people choosing to stay away from the county has "collapsed".
Fleetwood eased to a comfortable win at Scunthorpe to move to within a point of the League One play-off places."Chalk and cheese" caretaker boss Nick Daws' first game in charge of the club ended in defeat as they beat the Posh.
Doctors and nurses in Nepal are arriving in the capital, Kathmandu, to assess the damage caused by Saturday's devastating earthquake and assess the needs of survivors and those who have been left homeless or displaced.Â£1.5bn worth of medical equipment has been sent to the country to help those most affected.
The family of a British man missing in Brussels after the terror attacks in the Belgian capital are "fearing the worst" for his safety, his friends and family have told the Daily Telegraph of his disappearance.Downing Street has said it is in close contact with the Belgian authorities.
Jockey Katie Turner says female jockeys need to train harder than men to reach the highest levels of the sport because they are "more physically stronger" than their male counterparts.Â£1m-rated female jockey Victoria Turner says she hopes her achievements will inspire other female riders to follow her.
BP is to cut 600 jobs in the North Sea as part of a restructuring plan to cut costs and improve the company's long-term future in the region.The UK government has said it is "deeply disappointed" by the news of the job losses.
Human remains found on a river bank in the US state of New Mexico have been identified as those of an 80-year-old man who went missing while searching for a treasure hoard in the American heartland earlier this year, officials say.Â£1.5m worth of gold and silver has been found.
A man in his 20s has died following a crash involving a car and a lorry on the A1 in Londonderry on Sunday afternoon, police have said in a press release from Northern Ireland's Chief Constable David O'Shea and the PSNI.
Imagine going from not being able to throw a ball, to an Olympic gold medallist in the hammer, to a British hammer thrower at the age of 17, all while practising ballet for the first time at the same time, all in the space of a year.
Transformers: Dawn of the Planet of the Apes has topped the US box office for the fourth weekend in a row, despite a lack of major releases to coincide with the Independence Day holiday on 4 July.Takings were down by more than 50% compared to last year, figures show.
A dog has been rescued after getting stuck on a cliff edge while walking in the sea off the coast of Devon, the coastguard has said in a rescue bag on a fishing line for its owners to use as a "divers' net".Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the dog's owners.
The sister of a cyclist who was killed in a collision with a lorry in Bethnal Green has appealed for information about the collision to help find her missing sister, who had been on her way home from work in the area at the time of the crash.
Newcastle hosted the Rugby World Cup for the second weekend in a row, bringing £43m of economic benefits to the city, according to the region's tourism and community development body, which helped organise the tournament's two-week run-up to the event.
Cardiff City and Bristol City played out a scrappy goalless draw in front of a sparsely-attended crowd at the Cardiff City Stadium to maintain their unbeaten home record in the Championship and boost their hopes of a play-off place.Â£5m-rated Cardiff City remain in the top half of the table after a draw against Bristol City.
Bearded dragons have been rescued after being left in a box at a Cardiff animalarium for more than a week with no sign of their owners, the BBC has learned from a local news report from the city's animal rescue centre on Saturday.Â£1,000 has been raised for the bearded dragons.
Newport County moved out of the League Two relegation zone as they beat Mansfield Town at Rodney Parade to move off the bottom of the table and into the play-off places for the first time this season.Â£1.5m-rated Newport County's win was their first in five games.
A man has been jailed for helping a convicted murderer dispose of the body of a man who was stabbed to death in a park in Gateshead, Northumberland Police has said in a statement to the Court of Appeal (CJ) after he was convicted of assisting a murderer.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week - and at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media. Please note that the BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used.
The Scottish Football Association (SFA) is considering the future of its flagship performance school footballing project, according to new chief executive John McClair, who will decide in the coming months whether to continue the project in its current form or expand it.Â£1m of investment has been made in the project.
A Monet painting of the Nympheas by the French artist has sold for £31.7m at auction in London - the highest price ever paid for an impressionist work by a single work of art sold at a UK auction house for a single sale.
Nico Rosberg beat Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton to victory in the Singapore Grand Prix to extend his lead at the top of the Formula 1 world championship to a third successive race.The German dominated the final race to take his first victory of the season and extend his championship lead.
Graeme McDowell says he's "not far away" from a place in the European team for the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine in September, but he's not sure he will be there at this year's event in the United States, which starts on 17 September at Gleneagles.
The UK's competition watchdog has accused two pharmaceutical companies of abusing their dominant position in the market for a cancer drug that cost the NHS £50m a year in 2012-13.Â£50m was spent on the drug by the NHS in 2013, it has said.
The Tanzanian Football Federation (TFF) has formally submitted its application to Fifa to become a member of world football's governing body, says its president, Thomas Malinzi, on his Twitter account on Sunday evening, hours after the application was submitted to Fifa.
Audi will withdraw from the Le Mans 24 Hours race at the end of the season and will instead compete in the Formula E electric racing series in 2018-19, the sport's governing body has confirmed to BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Radio Le Mans 1Xtra.
A burst water main in Bournemouth has left homes in the area without supplies for more than 24 hours.Engineers have closed off a road in the city centre to allow repairs to be carried out, the city council has said in a press release on its website.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale is to pledge to restore the money Scottish families will lose if her party wins next year's Holyrood election if new tax and welfare powers are devolved to the Scottish Parliament in the UK's devolution settlement.
Bristol City will be boosted by the return of defender Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic for Friday's crucial Championship match against QPR at Ashton Gate, BBC Radio Bristol has learned on the eve of the visit of the Championship leaders.
The results of Iraq's parliamentary elections in December have produced a fractured political landscape, with no clear-cut winner or runner-up in any of the four main blocs vying for the job of prime minister or speaker of the country's parliament - the National Alliance, the Iraqi National Alliance (INA), al-Iraqiyya (National Coalition) and the Iraqi Accord Accord Front.
The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" weather warning for Scotland for the rest of the week as strong winds and heavy rain are forecast to hit the country from the Atlantic on Wednesday night into Thursday morning and continue into Thursday, with gusts of up to 64mph (100km/h).
Gold coins from the Fatimid Caliphate, one of the world's most powerful Islamic states, have been discovered by divers off the coast of Caesarea in southern Israel, archaeologists say, in what is believed to be the country's first discovery of its kind.
Former Australian Open junior champion Marcus Lindahl has been banned from tennis for seven years after being found guilty of match-fixing and handed a fine of A$1,000 (Â£0.735).Â£890,000) and a six-month suspended suspension.
The chief executive of British Airways, Sir Alex Ferguson, was paid £1.2m in 2014 - more than three times the average UK worker's annual salary, according to the High Pay Commission, which was set up to investigate excessive pay for the country's top bosses.
Colleges across the country are having to change the way they teach young people in a bid to improve their chances of progressing to higher level training or apprenticeships, as the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has found out from Coventry City College in the West Midlands.
A three-month-old baby girl has been taken to hospital after she was found abandoned in a car park in Dublin city centre by a member of the public, Irish police have said in a press release on Saturday.Â£10,000 is being sought by police for the mother of the child.
A couple in Singapore have stunned social media users by posing in a coffin-themed wedding photo shoot, hoping to "bend the taboo" of dealing with death in Asian society.Â© Jenny Tay, Darren Cheng, and Jenny Tay and Darren Tsoi
Lukas Jutkiewicz's second-half equaliser earned Birmingham a point at Huddersfield Town in a game of few chances at the Terriers' John Smith's Stadium, who are now winless in nine home league meetings with the Blues.
Downton Abbey is to get a new guest star for the fifth series of the BBC One drama, with Coronation Street actress Gillian Johnston joining the cast of the period drama for the first time.Â£1.5m-a-year actress Rebecca Johnston is to star in the new series.
Global oil prices have fallen to their lowest level in more than six years, with many countries feeling the effects of the decline.So what are the winners and losers? Here are some of the winners, and losers, and how do we know what to expect in the future?
Wolfsburg striker Daniel Sturridge has been fined by the club for failing to turn up to training on time for the first time in two years.Â£1,000 fine is the latest punishment handed down to the player for missing a training session in a Mercedes-Benz.
A key part of a machine used to encrypt messages in World War Two has been found in a shed in Southend after a £10 note was spotted on an eBay auction site, a museum has said.Volunteers are asking the public to help them find the missing part of the machine.
Ten arts projects in Wales and India have been selected for a multi-million pound cultural exchange scheme.Â£450,000 is to be spent on projects to celebrate the UK-India Year of Culture 2017, the Welsh Government has announced on Thursday.ÂÂ£100,000 will go towards supporting the projects.
An academy chain that runs dozens of schools in Yorkshire and Humber has been criticised by England's education watchdog Ofsted for failing to improve some of its underperforming academies in England's schools system, it has said."Too many" underperforming schools have remained in this position for too long, the watchdog has warned.
Arsenal have signed France international defender Stephane Reveillere on a free transfer until the end of the season after his release by Napoli, reports BBC Radio Solent on Thursday night and BBC Radio Lancashire on Friday.Â£2.5m.
Russia's security services have proposed a plan to make it harder for ordinary citizens to find out who owns property in the country, a leading anti-corruption group has said, in a move critics say could make it easier for officials to hide their wealth abroad and help them evade prosecution.
Nato and Russia have held their first face-to-face talks in more than a year, but failed to agree on common ground on the Ukraine crisis, Nato has said after a meeting in Brussels between the two countries' top diplomats for the first time in two years.
The use of jamming equipment to disrupt mobile phone use in Scottish prisons is to be stepped up, Justice Secretary Alex MacAskill has announced at a trial site in the north west of the country on Thursday.Â£500,000 will be invested in the technology, it has been revealed.
Louisiana has been hit by floods of "epic proportions" that have left more than 1,000 people dead and thousands of people stranded in their homes, emergency officials have said in the US state's largest city, New Orleans, and along the Gulf Coast.
The first female chief pilot has been appointed in Australia for the country's national airline, with the appointment of Sydney-based Capt Kelly Sutton.Â£1.5m (A$1.6bn; $1.8bn) veteran of the Royal Australian Air Force (RAAF).
A fake news story claiming to be from the BBC has been circulating on social media in Kenya in the run-up to the country's presidential election, local media report, saying it has been shared by more than 100,000 people in the country and shared on WhatsApp.
Brazilian President Michel Temer has condemned the "barbarbaric" gang rape of a teenage girl in Rio de Janeiro, saying it was "absurd" that "in the 21st Century we should have to live with barbaric crimes such as this".
Conservationists have raised concerns about the proposed development of a new golf course in Sutherland, which they claim would threaten a protected area of sand dunes and rare wildlife habitat in the area's Special Scientific Interests (SSSIs) and habitats for rare birds and reptiles.
Google is to invest £1bn in a new headquarters in London's King's Cross area, despite the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the company has said in the wake of the Brexit vote and the "fake news" controversy in the US.
Archaeologists have discovered an ancient shelter at a Stonehenge burial ground in Wiltshire which they believe was used as a shelter for humans and animals by the early Bronze Age people living close to the site of the monument to the goddess ofighthood.
A chronology of key events:(All times are subject to changeable, unless otherwise stated): A chronology by key dates: (1913: The British annexation of Bahrain; 1971: The end of British colonial rule; 1992: The establishment of a consultative council; 1997: The start of a pro-democracy movement).
Liverpool have rejected a bid from Crystal Palace for striker Christian Benteke, reports BBC Radio Solent, with the player having a medical at Selhurst Park on Monday. Click here for more on the striker's proposed move to the Premier League club on transfer deadline day.
The family of a 92-year-old woman from the Highlands who moved to Australia two years ago have been told it could take up to 30 years to apply for a new visa to bring her back to the UK, it has been claimed by the BBC.
A County Tyrone shoe shop has been badly damaged by flooding caused by a blocked culvert, the Rivers Agency has said, as Storm Desmond continues to batter the north of the island on Sunday morning, with heavy rain and strong winds continuing to batter Northern Ireland on Monday.
The Scottish government has set up a task force to try to save two steel plants in the Highlands and Fife from closure, with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs by the end of the year and hundreds more at risk of losing their jobs by 2020.
Lancashire all-rounder Tom Smith has announced his retirement from cricket at the age of 28 because of a back injury, which he says has "taken its toll" over the past two years.The 33-year-old has retired from all forms of the game.
A newborn baby girl has been found dead at a bus stop on the side of a road in north Wales, prompting a police appeal for help to find her mother.Â£1,000 has been raised for the baby's mother.â€™s parents have been urged to come forward.
Hearts' return to the Scottish Premiership is good for the game, according to Scottish Professional Football League chief executive Roger Doncaster, who believes there will be "as much tension" in the Championship this season as there was in the top flight last year with the return of Rangers, Hibernian and Rangers.
Universities in Wales need more money to compete with other universities in the UK, a leading academic has said, following a 40% cut in funding.The Welsh government's tuition fee grant should be scrapped, he has said in a BBC Wales interview with a university expert.
Charlton Athletic manager Guy Luzon says he will focus on Saturday's game at fellow Championship strugglers Middlesbrough rather than worrying about his own future at the club on Wednesday night's visit of MK Dons in the EFL Cup first-round replay at The Valley.
The Chinese government is telling foreign companies to "behave yourself" in the way it has done with its own citizens for years, according to James McGregor, a British businessman living in the country for more than 20 years and an expert on China's economic policies.
Wales beat England at Wembley on Saturday to win the European Under-21 Championship for the first time in their history, and it was a night to remember for Wales football fans across the country and BBC Wales Sport Wales fans too, who were able to watch the match live on the BBC.
More than a third of working families in England will not be able to cover their housing costs for more than one month with no job, according to a survey by the charity Shelter, which has urged the government to protect the welfare safety net for the "most vulnerable".
The use of contactless payment technology in the UK has more than doubled in the past year, according to a report from the UK card industry's trade body, which represents cardholders' interests.Â£1.5bn was spent on contactless payments last year, the industry says.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash on Anglesey on Sunday have paid tribute to a "much loved son, brother, uncle and friend to so many" after paying tribute to their "treasured and much loved son" on social media.
Iraqi government forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in the city of Falluja are still facing fierce resistance, a US military spokesman has told the BBC's Persian service.Â£1bn-worth of damage has been caused by the offensive to recapture the city, he said.
Isabelle Linden scored her first goal for Birmingham City Ladies as they drew at Reading in the Women's Super League One play-off semi-final first leg at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday.Â£20,000-rated Reading Ladies were held to a draw by Birmingham City.
Aston Villa midfielder Jack Grealish has been granted permission to play for the Republic of Ireland for the first time since turning down a call-up to the senior squad in the summer of 2015, BBC Radio Solent reports from his native Birmingham.Â£4.5m move to Aston Villa on a season-long loan.
The UK's inflation rate remained at 0.5% in January, the lowest since November 2014, official figures have shown, but alcohol prices rose by 5.2% and beer and spirits rose by 4.8% in the month to the end of the month.
Olympic shot putter Liam Davies and sprinter Sophie Hermitage won gold on the final day of the European Indoor Athletics Championships in Asiago, Italy, as fellow Briton Andrew Weir claimed his third gold medal at the same event in the same week.
The Scottish government has said it is committed to completing improvements to a hairpin bend on the A9 at Berriedale Braes by the end of the year, after a public inquiry into the road's steep hillside was given the go-ahead last December.
Sheffield United boss Paul Heckingbottom says he will not consider bringing in new signing Yakubu Yiadom for Tuesday's Championship game at Barnsley until he has been told otherwise by the club's new manager Chris Hughton, who has been in talks with the player.
A "cynical" poster campaign to promote plans for a Metro transport network in south Wales has been criticised by an assembly member ahead of the assembly election on 5 May.The Welsh government has been accused of wasting tens of thousands of pounds on a "useless poster campaign".
Ireland flanker Sean O'Brien has been named in the 23-man squad for Saturday's Six Nations match against Scotland at Murrayfield after returning to full training for the first time in a month on Thursday.Johnny Sexton will miss out on a place in the starting XV.
The BBC spends Â£80m less on the BBC in the Midlands than it does in any other part of the UK, an MP has claimed in a debate on the future of the corporation.The BBC has said it is committed to having a "significant presence" in the region.
The most distant object ever discovered in our Solar System has been discovered by astronomers in the Pacific Ocean, near the orbit of the Sun, it has been announced.Â£1bn-worth of research is under way to try to establish its orbit and make sense of it.
Have you ever tried to woo someone with an extravagant bouquet of flowers, or tried to bully someone into partnership with you, or try to force someone into doing something you know they don't want to do, or to do for you, in the hope of winning your affections?
England produced one of the greatest victories in the history of Test rugby as they stunned world champions New Zealand in the first Test between the two sides since the Six Nations began in November 2014 - the first time the All Blacks have been beaten by more than 17 points in a Test match.
A group of tech giants has pledged $1bn (Â£700m) to fund research into artificial intelligence (AI) in a bid to develop machines that can "think for themselves" and act for "self-interest" instead of "profit motive.
Greig Laidlaw scored a hat-trick of penalties as Scotland ran in six tries to thrash Georgia in the Six Nations in Tbilisi and move level on points with Australia at the top of the group table with two wins from two games in Georgia.
Harlequins head coach Conor O'Shea is to leave the club at the end of the season after six years in charge of the Premiership club, with his contract due to expire on 30 June 2016, it has been announced.Â£1.5m is to be paid to him by the end-of-season bonus-point.
The proportion of young people who say they will vote for Labour in the general election has more than doubled in the past two years, according to YouGov, a polling company that tracks turnout.Â£1bn of investment in social media by political parties has been credited with boosting turnout among young people.
The British conductor Sir Neville Neville Marr has died at the age of 93, the academy he founded in London has announced.Â£1.5m has been donated to the academy in his name.Â© Neville Marlott/St Martin in the Fields
It was the most dramatic finale to a remarkable World Championships, but it was also one of the strangest of nights, and one that will leave you with a strange sense of finality, and a strange feeling of loss, but also a sense of triumph.
A man in his 70s has died following a crash involving two cars and a lorry in Bangor, County Down, Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said.Police have appealed for witnesses to a crash on the A21 in which three people died.
The sale of so-called legal highs in the Republic of Ireland is now completely illegal, according to the police in charge of enforcing a new law banning the sale of the drugs in the country's high-end shops and nightclubs, the BBC has learned.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes says he would consider selling Giannelli Imbula if the right offer came in for the Italian's signature, but would only do so if the "right offer" came in the right place and the right deal was right price.
A man has died after his car crashed into a lorry parked in a lay-by in Kent, police have said, in what is believed to have been a "one-vehicle" crash in the early hours of Sunday.Â£50,000 worth of lorry tyres were thrown into the air.
A body has been found off the coast of Cornwall in the search for a holidaymaker who went missing eight days ago, police have said, but it is not believed to be a missing man from Taunton, who was last seen on the Tresco Estate.
Young Guernsey musician Muramasa Sengo has been named the BBC's Sound of 2016, which highlights emerging artists for the coming 12 months and highlights the best new music from the coming year ahead of the BBC Music Sound of 2015, which is taking place on BBC Radio 1Xtra this weekend.
The mood at the Likud party headquarters in Tel Aviv was one of relief, rather than jubilation, after the results of Israel's general election on Sunday night were announced.It was hard not to feel a little under-whelmed by the results.
Long commutes to and from work have become the norm for millions of people in the UK, according to official figures, with the average time spent travelling by car, train or bus more than 60 minutes a day for the first time in six years, it has been revealed.
Barra Airport on the Isle of Barra is celebrating its 80th anniversary this year, 80 years after it was established as a sea-level airfield with three runways and no runway space for commercial and private flights.Â£1.5m of investment has been made in the development of the island's airport.
Work on a new pedestrian and cycle bridge over the River Severn in Aberdeen is expected to be completed next week, the city council has said, after months of delays due to issues with the existing structure's design.Â£1.5m of public money has been spent so far.
Tributes have been paid to the victims of the Manchester Arena bombing, which killed 22 people at an Ariana Grande concert and injured 59 others, some of whom are still in a critical condition in hospital, including children and a woman who died in the blast.
London's controversial Garden Bridge project has been given the go-ahead after a deal was agreed to cut the amount of money the taxpayer will pay towards the project by two-thirds, the trust behind it has said.Â£10m of public money will be used as a "loan".
A sculpture by the late Dame Zaha Hadid has gone on show at Chatsworth House as part of a new exhibition celebrating the gardens' rich history and influence on the world of art and design, it has been revealed.Â£1.5m worth of work has been created for the show.
A 19-year-old man has been jailed for life for plotting to carry out a "mass murder" in London, the first British man to be convicted of terrorism-related offences in the UK for more than a decade.Â£150 was paid to an undercover MI5 officer to help him buy the weapons he needed to kill.
It has been an eventful year in the world of the arts in Northern Ireland, with a number of high profile deaths in the arts community, but there have also been some notable birthdays and anniversaries too, including the birthdays of some of the country's best-known musicians.
The announcement that Nicholas Serota is to step down as director of Tate Modern this summer is accompanied by a statement that sums up why he is leaving so well: "I will be leaving an institution that has the potential to be a world-beating force in modern art."
The transfer window closed in England and Scotland on 1 July at 23:00 BST, with Premier League clubs allowed to sign free agents and players on loan until the end of the season if they are not allowed to make a permanent move to a Premier League club.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition against plans to introduce parking charges and restrictions around Reading's Royal Berkshire Hospital for Sick Children.Residents have been asked to give their views on the plans.Â£1.5m plans for a scheme to "relieve pressure" on the area.
Prime Minister John Key has said he is hopeful that the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal will be concluded by the end of the year.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters Â© AFP, AP, EPA and Getty Images
Sister Nirmala, the head of a charity founded by Mother Teresa, has died in the eastern Indian city of Kolkata (Calcutta) at the age of 86, the archbishop of the state of West Bengal has told the BBC.
Durham Ladies have signed Sunderland Ladies goalkeeper Jess Laws on a two-year deal from the start of the new Women's Super League One season on 1 July, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal for a further year if she is offered a new deal.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he "never called for a veto" over any Brexit deal the UK government reaches with the EU, despite previously saying he would not agree to one if he was in charge.Wales should have a role in any future deal, he has said.
The Co-operative Bank has confirmed it has agreed a deal to be taken over by a group of investors, less than two months after it put itself up for sale to the Co-op Group for £1.5bn in a bid to save it from collapse.
The World Bank has said Afghanistan is the most corrupt country in the world, yet in the country's capital, Kabul, a digger that once belonged to a World Bank executive has been relegated to the scrapheap of history, writes the BBC's Naseem Akbar in Kabul.
Work to improve flood defences on the Oxford to Cambridge railway line has been completed after it was closed for more than a month due to flood protection work at Hinksey station, the BBC has learned from Thames Valley Police and the Rail Delivery Group (RDG).
A "fun-loving" Chihuahua called Fester has found a new home after an appeal to find a family for the "lovely boy" went viral on social media, a dog charity has said in a bid to find him a forever home.
A Christmas letter written by John Lennon in the early 1950s is to be sold at auction for £1,000 at Christie's in London, with a guide price of £2,000 to £3,000.Â£10,000 for each page.
David Cameron is about to face his first serious test as prime minister, and it's a test of his ability to unite the Conservative Party, writes the BBC's political correspondent Mark Lowen, who is predicting a "Corn Laws-style split" in the party, if he does campaign to stay in the EU.
A 20m-long parchment facsimile of the original Magna Carta has been unveiled in Lincoln to mark the 800th anniversary of the document's sealing at the city's Castle of St David's, where it was signed by King John in the summer of 1215.
Former Scotland midfielder Scott Wilson believes Darren Fletcher is the "leader" of the national team and will be disappointed if he is not named as captain for Wednesday's friendly against Northern Ireland."It matters a great deal" for the two-time World Cup winner, according to the 39-year-old.
A rescue boat has arrived on the Greek island of Lesbos to help with the operation to help people trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to escape the war-torn country of Syria and other refugee camps in the Middle East and the Mediterranean region.
Police in the US state of Missouri have fired tear gas and used water cannon to disperse protesters angry at a curfew imposed after the killing of an unarmed black teenager by a white police officer last week, officials say, amid reports of gunfire and a shooting in the area.
Brazil is one of the world's largest exporters of tropical timber, but the country's forests are under threat from illegal logging and over-farming, according to the UN Environment Agency, the UN's World Resources Institute (UNRTE), which monitors the global impact of deforestation.
New South African sides in the Pro12 will face a "brutal" schedule when they join the competition, according to former Scotland head coach Alan Solomons, who believes the teams will be "knackered" by the start of the new season.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has announced the nationalisation of a Spanish-owned electricity company in a decree signed on the eve of May Day, the country's national holiday.Spanish officials say they are trying to work out how to respond to the move, which could spark a diplomatic row.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Pizza Hut and Pizza Hut, has reported better-than-expected sales growth in China, as it continues to spin-off its business in the country as part of a plan to focus on the US market.
Plans to demolish more than 600 homes on a Surrey housing estate to make way for 1,000 new homes are to be re-examined, a residents' group has said, after hundreds of people signed a petition against the scheme in a bid to stop it.
Workers are being evacuated from a North Sea oil platform after a fire broke out on board a drilling vessel off the Aberdeenshire coast on Friday.Â£1.5m worth of equipment has been salvaged from the site.ÂÂ£2.5 million worth of oil has been put on ice.
Black voters in Ferguson, Missouri, have elected their first black mayor and two black councillors, in a move hailed as a "historic moment" by the city's activist community after the death of an unarmed black teenager last year at the hands of a white police officer.
Trade union leaders have called for co-ordinated action in the face of government cuts to public services, saying it could take "generations" to rebuild the UK economy if the cuts are not cut back, as they opened their annual congress in London.The TUC has said it is ready to co-ordinate action if necessary.
Lee Clark's appointment as Kilmarnock's new manager has been hailed as a great appointment by one of the club's former players, who believes he will be a success at the Scottish Premiership club despite never managing in Scotland's top flight before and never having managed in the top flight.
Britain's Bradley Wiggins became the first Briton to win gold in the men's road race at the Road World Championships for 20 years with victory in the final race of the event in La Palma on Sunday night to complete a career-best haul of seven gold medals.
I've just returned from a two-week holiday in South-East Asia and I can't help but be struck by how fast things are moving there compared to us here in the West, and how little the West seems to feature in that boom in the East.
Two men have been charged with attempting to carry out a terror attack in Sydney, police say, in the latest in a series of counter-terrorism raids in the Australian city over the past year that have targeted suspected extremists.Australia's prime minister has said "something catastrophic" was averted.
An MP has admitted he has "some responsibility" for a £10.25m council loan to a football club which has never been paid back after a winding-up petition against the club was filed by HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) over the money.
Young people born in the 1980s were the first post-war generation not to have higher incomes in early adulthood than their predecessors, a think tank has said.The great recession has made it harder for them to build wealth as they age, a report has found.
A Star Wars fan has created a Star Wars-themed landscape of the Firth of Forth and Clyde to mark the 50th anniversary of the release of the first film of the latest instalment of The Force Awakens series of films in the franchise's long-running franchise.
Ray Moore has resigned as chief executive of the BNP Paribas Open at Indian Wells after comments he made about women's tennis, in which he said it was easier to be a top female athlete than a top male player were "just a numbers game".
Director of rugby Richard Cockerill has left his position at Leicester Tigers by mutual consent after five years in charge of the Premiership club, BBC Radio Leicester reports from the club's Welford Road training ground on Monday."I will never forget what they have done for me," said the director of rugby after his departure.
A court in New York has ruled that former JP Morgan Chase chief executive Hank Greenberg can go on trial on charges of defrauding investors out of $1.8bn (Â£1.2bn) during the financial crisis of 2007-08.Â
Marcus Trescothick's second successive double century put Somerset in a strong position on day two against Nottinghamshire at Taunton, despite a second-innings collapse at the County Ground on day three at the expense of Nottinghamshire's bowlers.
The owners of a turkey processing company in Newport have been jailed for food hygiene offences after large quantities of turkey were found in "unhygienic conditions" in a garage.The company has been ordered to pay £500,000 in fines and costs after a national recall.
A police officer who saved a 21-year-old man from plunging to his death from a fire escape has been awarded a bravery award for his "outstanding" actions at the scene of the fall.Â£10,000 in prize money has been given to him.
Volkswagen has said it is "optimistic" that it will come up with a solution to fix the emissions scandal that has hit some 11 million cars sold in the US, but the company has not yet reached an agreement with US regulators over the issue.
Ollie Norburn scored a late winner as Macclesfield came from behind to beat Chester 3-2 at Chester in the National League at the Crabble Athletic Ground on Tuesday night and move into the play-off places in the process.Â£1,000 in prize money will be awarded to the winners and runners-up.
Sri Lanka has launched an investigation into allegations of match-fixing ahead of a one-day international against England in Galle last year, the country's sports minister has said, calling it a "serious case of human rights abuse" and a "wider conspiracy".
Ronnie O'Sullivan says he has taken up smoking again after winning the Masters for the second time in three years, but admitted he has been "eating like a pig" in the build-up to the tournament."I've been getting lazy," said the five-time champion after his record-equalling victory.
The first Friday night Premier League game of the season will be shown live on Sky Sports for the first time, it has been announced.Â£1bn rights to show the top-flight on the channel have been secured by BT Sport and Sky Italia for the 2017-18 season.
The leaders of the four main political parties in the Republic of Ireland are holding talks to try to form a minority government after no party was able to win an outright majority in last month's general election in the country's first round of voting in almost two months.
Queens Park Rangers striker Scott Mackie has signed a new one-year contract with the Championship club, keeping him at Loftus Road until the summer of 2018, with the option of a further 12 months' extension. Meanwhile, Karl Henry will leave the club at the end of the season.
A baby albino deer has been born at a zoo in the US state of New Mexico, USA, and it's the first of its kind to be born in the country in more than 100 years.Take a look at this amazing video of the moment the baby deer is born.
A missing family of 12 from Luton who failed to return home from a holiday in Bangladesh may have travelled to Syria, the BBC understands.Police are investigating the possibility they may have crossed the Turkish border to join extremists in the war-torn country, it has been reported.
Cardiff City Council (CBC) has drawn up plans for the city's first high-speed gondola service, which could cost up to £100m to run.Â£20m is to be spent on the project, it has been revealed.
The Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has lost its appeal against a High Court ruling that it should produce documents relating to claims it colluded with loyalist paramilitaries to cover up evidence of police misconduct in the 1980s and '90s.
US President Donald Trump has accused his predecessor, Barack Obama, of "choked" when he was told Russia was trying to meddle in last year's US election, saying he should have done more to deal with the issue sooner and "should have done something" about it.
A football club has apologised after residents were woken up by a "horrible scraping noise" coming from its ground at night, police have said, saying it was caused by a wi-fi signal picked up by taxis passing by outside the ground.Â£20,000 worth of noise from the pitch was recorded.
Gunmen have attacked the offices of two pro-government newspapers in the Turkish city of Istanbul, killing at least one person and setting fire to one of them, police say, before fleeing the scene in a firefight with the other one's security team and fleeing the blaze.
A new MRI scanner has been installed at the Children's Hospital for Northern Ireland (CHNI) in Belfast after a £4m appeal to raise funds for the project was launched in 2012.Â£1.5m has been spent on the project so far, with a further £1.9m to be spent on running costs.
A blogger who was due to go to court over a £190,000 libel case against a council leader has had her case against her dropped due to "insufficient evidence", it has been revealed by the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) after a review.
A man has been arrested in Hong Kong on suspicion of stealing watches from a passenger on an Emirates flight from Dubai to the city, police say, in what is believed to be the first case of its kind in the Asian city in recent years, the BBC has learned.
France's presidential candidate has said he will "reform in depth" the European Union if he wins the election, warning of a "Frexit or a Frexit" if he does not reform the bloc in his first 100 days in the job, the BBC has learned.
A British man has won a Supreme Court battle against the Home Office's attempt to deport him from the UK, saying he should not be deported because his parents were not married at the time he was born in the UK and he was not entitled to British citizenship at birth.
A senior City banker has been banned from working in the financial industry for life after he avoided paying the full fare on a London-bound Southeastern train from rural Sussex to the capital by using an Oyster card instead of a valid valid Oyster ticket, the City watchdog has said.
David Cameron has a "duty" to tackle corruption in Russia "head on" when he visits Moscow this weekend, four former foreign secretaries have said.The UK's ex-foreign secretaries have urged the prime minister to visit the country when he is in Moscow on Sunday.
Jake Cassidy's header earned Hartlepool a draw at Macclesfield in their first game of the National League season, despite being held to a 1-1 draw by the Cheshire side at the Moss Rose Stadium in the first round of the EFL Cup.
Iran will not decommission its Arak nuclear reactor until next week, its deputy energy minister has said, contradicting a report which said the facility had been shut down, state media reported on Monday night and a report on Monday that said it had been dismantled.
The story of Pte John Parr, the first British soldier to die in World War One, is one of the most mysterious in British military history, but what happened to him after he was shot down at the Battle of the Somme and how did he end up in Germany?
David Haye says he will "happily pay" a fine if he is found guilty of misconduct by the British Boxing Board of Control (BBBofC) for comments he made about Tony Bellew following his defeat by the cruiserweight champion in London last month.
BHS has been in the hands of liquidators for more than a month, with the High Street department store chain facing the threat of liquidation if no buyer can be found to take it out of administration by the end of the month.So who are the bidders hoping to save it?
Thousands of South African miners are staging a 24-hour strike in a dispute over pay and conditions, which could lead to the loss of thousands of jobs and millions of dollars in lost earnings, reports the BBC South Africa's Nkululeko Nkosi.
A US man who was shot by a gunman on a Paris Metro train has been awarded France's highest honour, the Legion d'honneur, for his role in foiling a terror attack on the same train in November 2014 in which 11 people were killed.
A road in the Scottish Borders is to be closed as part of a £10m flood protection scheme to protect homes and businesses in the area from the risk of future flooding, it has been announced.Â£1.5m of improvements are to be made to the road.
A £900m deal to devolve powers to Hampshire and the Isle of Wight is "almost certainly dead", council leaders have said, with no sign of when the deal will be agreed in the coming weeks, BBC News understands.Â£900m of public money has been "lost" in a row over devolution.
Middlesbrough winger Marten de Roon has signed a new four-year deal with the club, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a further year. Click here for all the latest transfer news from Middlesbrough and the Premier League.
The train carriage that carried Winston Churchill's coffin from London to Oxfordshire more than 50 years ago has been restored and put on public display for the first time in the UK since the 1970s, it has been revealed to BBC Look North's Ian Reeve.
The NHS in London has been hit by a surge in demand, according to a GP who works in a GP surgery in the city's leafy Liberty Road area, which has seen an increase in the number of patients over the last few months, the BBC has learned.
Ikea has issued a global recall of one of its beach chairs after reports that some of the seats had collapsed during use, injuring users' fingers and causing them to lose feeling in some of their fingers.Â£1.5m worth of the product is to be recalled.
Banks in India have started using ink to mark the fingers of millions of people who have received banned high denomination banknotes.The ink will be used to prevent them from using them to vote in the country's upcoming general election, officials have said, as the deadline for exchanging them expires.
American football star Jessica Chastain, one of the most famous women's footballers of all time, is to donate her brain to a US university to study the effects of head injuries suffered during her career in the sport, the New York Times has reported.
A man and a woman have been taken to hospital after a lorry crashed into a block of flats in Largs, North Ayrshire, damaging the top floor of the building and trapping them in their front-floor living room, BBC Scotland has learned.
Tributes have been paid to Australian cricketer Phil Hughes, who has died at the age of 25 after being struck by a ball in a match in Sydney.Former England batsman Ian Botham and ex-England captain Michael Vaughan were among those to pay tribute to the "brilliant" batsman.
Ayo Aluko's late equaliser rescued a point for Hull City against Nottingham Forest as the Tigers missed the chance to go top of the Championship for the first time under Steve Bruce since taking over as manager on 1 January, as they drew 1-1 at the KC Stadium.
Scientists say they have taken a "tremendous step forward" in the search for a cure for type 1 diabetes, by producing the cells needed to treat the disease in the lab and in the clinic.More research is needed before it can become a reality, say scientists.
Aston Villa striker Andre Ayew has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association after being sent off during Saturday's 2-2 draw with Watford, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport and BBC Radio Lancashire Sport Departing Sport (BBC Local Radio).
Hibernian defender Lewie Stevenson believes the club have the nucleus of a squad capable of competing at the top end of the Scottish Premiership."I'm looking forward to a few more years at Hibernian," says the club's record Scottish Premiership winner.
Chelsea Ladies goalkeeper Anna Lindahl has signed a new two-year contract with the Women's Super League One champions, keeping her at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.Â£500,000 will be paid to keep her at Stamford Bridge until 2020.
One of the faces of the cover of National Geographic magazine has been ordered to leave Pakistan after being arrested for fake identity papers, the Pakistani authorities have said, in what is believed to be the first case of its kind against an Afghan refugee in the country's history.
In the days when inventors and inventors worked in their own homes with glue-guns, saws and car-body filler, it was not unusual to see people inventing their own gadgets in the street.Yet it was only in the 1950s and '60s that inventors could be found working in the streets and on the streets of London.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow on Saturday morning, the fire service has said.No-one else was injured in the blaze, it has been confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website.Â£10,000 of damage has been caused to the building.
Oxfordshire County Council has launched a public consultation on plans to improve the A40 between Oxford and Witney as part of a £100m strategy to improve travel times and boost economic growth in the county's south-west area and boost the local economy.
Newcastle United have signed Netherlands full-back Daryl Janmaat from Feyenoord on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee. He will join on a season-long loan from Dutch club PSV Eindhoven, with a view to a permanent deal.
Concerns are growing for the welfare of a 13-year-old girl who has been missing from her home in Greater Manchester for more than a week and her 11-year old brother who has not been seen for almost two weeks, police have said.
A three-year-old girl who was reported missing from her home in Hartlepool has been found safe and well, police have said, after a major search operation involving sniffer dogs and a helicopter and a police dog squad was called out to look for her.
A gay vicar has accused the Church of England of being "homophobic" and "discriminatory" towards the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBTI) community, in a BBC Radio 5 live interview on Sunday.He has said he is planning to move to Manchester in July.
Leigh Griffiths admits he is rusty as he prepares to make his Scotland debut in Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia at Hampden Park against a Slovenia side that is yet to win a World Cup qualifying game this season."I want to try and break my duck for Scotland as quickly as possible," says Celtic striker.
Aberdeen captain Ryan Shola Ameobi has signed a new two-and-a-half-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club, keeping him at Pittodrie until 2019.Â£1.5m is the fee for the defender's release.
Belfast Giants twice came from behind to beat Nottingham Panthers 5-4 in Friday night's Elite League game at the SSE Arena to move level on points with Elite League leaders Nottingham Panthers at the top of the table with two games to go in the regular season.
When I first met Hassan Hassan Hassan at Lido beach in the Somali capital, Mogadishu, he was full of praise for the work he has done to protect the people of the city's seaside resort of Sessiad, a few miles from the Islamist militant group al-Shabab.
A Catholic priest from County Kildare in the Republic of Ireland has been made a saint by Pope Francis in recognition of his work in the fight against communism in Albania during World War II.Â£1.5m has been donated to the Catholic Church in Ireland.
Critics have praised the Tate Modern's exhibition of cut-out art by Henri Matisse, with one describing it as "a masterpiece" and others saying it is "a delight to look at" and "a pleasure to smell".Â£1.5m worth of artworks.
A father accused of killing his baby son by shaking or throwing him has told a court he fell over and fell over while carrying the child in the hallway of their Hull flat, a court has been told in its opening statement to a murder trial for the boy's father.
A Leeds United employee was suspended from her job because she was in a relationship with the club's former head coach, a tribunal has been told by a former club chief executive and director of football recruitment, it has been claimed by her ex-employee's ex-boss.
Elton John told a female steward at his Elton John concert that she was "not China" and "not Hitler" during an expletive-laden tirade, it has emerged, before she walked away from the venue after being booed by the crowd.
Sam Allardyce has resigned as Crystal Palace manager after five months in charge of the Premier League club, saying he wants to "savour life" and spend more time with his family before his retirement at the end of the season at the age of 62.
Unions have said it is "absurd" that Ceredigion Council is considering the closure of its only residential home for the elderly in the town where it has been based for more than 50 years, in a bid to balance its budget for the next financial year.
The US space agency's Juno mission to Jupiter has returned the most detailed images yet of the planet it has ever taken, the agency says in a press release from its US launch site in California, USA.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) mission to the planet.
"There is no such thing as a black hole in the world of statistics, but there is a grey one in the whole of the data set that forms the basis of analysis of that data." - a well-known statistician, or statistician in the United States.
A West Yorkshire biscuit firm has gone into administration with the loss of more than 100 jobs after a sharp fall in the value of the pound following the UK's vote to leave the EU, it has said.Â£1.5m of losses have been confirmed.
A Pembrokeshire firm behind the collapsed Zano electric car project has published details of how its funding was distributed in a new update to the project's Kickstarter page, which has raised more than £2.3m in just over a week.
Malaysian police say they believe the so-called Islamic State (IS) group was behind an attack on a bar in the capital, which left 10 people dead and more than 30 others injured, including the attackers' mother.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) in losses.
The search for the next United Nations secretary-general is under way, with candidates from Eastern Europe in the running, but there are concerns that the race could turn into a regional tug-of-war if no candidate wins support from the region's own members of the Security Council.
Police in several European countries have arrested at least 13 people suspected of being involved in a Kurdish-Sunni terror network, Italian and Norwegian officials say, as part of an anti-terrorism operation targeting a group linked to the founder of a radical Islamist group in Norway.
A Royal Air Force (RAF) serviceman whose medals were stolen from his car has said he is "proud of what he has done" after receiving hundreds of messages of support on social media about the theft.Â£1,000 in donations has been made to help him replace them.
British authors Jim Crace and Kevin Barry are among the authors nominated for this year's Dublin International Book of the Year award for their debut novel, Harvest and Out Stealing Horses respectively, for the second time in three years.Â£50,000 in prize money has been announced for the 21st year running.
Leicestershire County Council has been criticised for pulling out of a multi-million pound funding bid for its flagship museum in a bid to save the county council £95m in the face of a council-led review of the county's museums.Â£4m funding has been withdrawn from its flagship site.
Theo Walcott scored a late equaliser as Arsenal came from behind to draw with Manchester United and deny the Red Devils a top-four finish in the Premier League and a Champions League group stage spot for the first time in 10 years in a scrappy encounter at Old Trafford.
England captain Alastair Cook says his side's collapse in the second Test defeat by Bangladesh in Chittagong showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions, but they must learn to "repell" the atmosphere of the home crowd's support.
Thirty years ago this week, the Zeebrugge ferry, the Herald of Free Enterprise, left the port of Dover for its final journey across the English Channel from Belfast to Dover, where it was due to make its way to the UK for the final leg of its journey.
A group of volunteers in Northern Ireland has been working hard to save the lives of hundreds of bats that have been abandoned by their mothers because of the bad weather in the UK and the Republic of Ireland over the past few weeks, reports the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg.
A man has been seriously injured after being stabbed on a London Underground train in what police are treating as a "hate crime" in a "brutal attack" on a Muslim man in north-west London, the Met Police has said, adding: "We are treating it as attempted murder."
The UK has voted to leave the European Union, with a majority of 52.5% to 48.9% of the population voting to leave, and the UK-wide result means the UK will go into a second referendum on whether to remain in or leave the EU.
Three F3 pupils have been expelled from Dumfries and Galloway High School after cannabis with an estimated street value of £1,000 was found on school premises, the school's rector has told parents in a letter to pupils' parents.Police are investigating the discovery of the drug.
Queens Park Rangers made a winning start to the Championship season with a comfortable victory over Leeds United at Loftus Road, ending the Whites' 100% start to life under new boss Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink in the top-flight for the first time since 1999.
Five men have appeared in court accused of using a police helicopter as a filming platform for "inappropriate purposes" by officers, including Chief Constable Simon Lucas and Chief Constable Paul Walls.Â£10,000 bail has been granted to two of the men accused of misconduct.
Microsoft has announced the launch of Xbox SmartGlass, a device that lets owners of its Xbox One console control games via their smartphones and tablets at the touch of a mouse button when they are connected to their TV.Â£1.5bn-worth of games titles will be available on the console, the firm has said.
The new Scottish Premiership season gets under way this weekend, with Celtic looking to build on last season's success and Aberdeen and Dundee United hoping to make a strong start to their campaigns to challenge for a place in the top six for the first time in almost 20 years.
Gatwick Airport was forced to divert some flights after a drone was spotted flying close to the runway, passengers have said, with some flights diverted to Stansted Airport and Bournemouth Airport in the south-east of England and others forced to make emergency landings.
Bahraini human rights activist Nabeel Rajab has been released from prison after serving two years of a three-year sentence for taking part in unauthorised protests, he has said, after appealing against his sentence.Â© AP, AFP, EPA and Reuters
Rangers produced a stunning second-half comeback to beat Aberdeen and end the Pittodrie side's hopes of a top-four finish in the Scottish Premiership for the first time this season.Aberdeen were left to rue missed chances as they were outclassed in a scrappy encounter.
A public-private consortium has emerged as the frontrunner to win a £1.2bn contract to provide cancer care in Staffordshire, the BBC has learned from a leaked document obtained by the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme, which could lead to the county's first outsourcing deal.
A memorial stone has been unveiled in France to commemorate the Jersey men who died in World War One, marking the centenary of the Battle of the Somme on the first anniversary of the island's contribution to the war effort on the battlefields of the same day.
Exeter Chiefs came from behind to beat Sale Sharks and move up to second in the Premiership table with a bonus-point win at St James' Park, despite a spirited second-half fightback from the Sharks.Â£3m-rated Exeter Chiefs kept their hopes of winning the title alive.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has ordered an independent review into alleged abuse and neglect of elderly people in care homes in south Wales in the 1990s and early 2000s, it has been announced by the Welsh government and the Welsh Government.Â£1.5m will be spent on the review.
Burkina Faso were knocked out of the Africa Cup of Nations as Congo reached the quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a dramatic last-gasp victory at the Stade de l'Amitie in Kinshasa.
An Indian writer-activist has been charged with sedition for allegedly insulting the national anthem, police say, the latest in a series of arrests for refusing to stand for the anthem in cinema halls.Â© AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Two passenger planes have collided in mid-air at an airport in the US city of Detroit, forcing the cancellation of 150 flights, one of which was due to take off for Dallas, US officials say, and the other to be de-iced and moved to another airport.
Unemployment in Scotland rose by 15,000 between January and March, according to official figures, as the Scottish economy grew by 0.6% compared with the UK as a whole, and the number of people looking for work rose by 1,000, the fastest rise since the start of 2014.
A university chemistry student has developed a new type of falling snow which is environmentally-friendly and doesn't leave a residue on the skin.Â£50,000 worth of snow and ice has been created by a student who has been offered a job with a fake snow company.
The number of patients being cared for at home after being discharged from hospital in England has fallen by almost a third in the past year, according to new figures obtained by a health watchdog and a suicide prevention campaign group, which says it is a "troubling trend".
The mother of a girl with a rare genetic condition has said it is a "huge weight off her shoulders" that a new drug to treat her daughter's condition has been approved for use on the Welsh NHS for the first time in its formative stages.Â£880,000 will be used to pay for a new treatment.
Motherwell have told the SPFL that Saturday's Premiership match against MK Dons is "good to go" after the majority of their first team squad recovered from a virus that affected their under-20s team on Thursday.Â£100,000 worth of food and drink supplies have been donated to the club.
US conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly, known as the "Mother of the Republican Party", has died at the age of 87, her foundation has announced on its website, saying she died of a stroke earlier this month, her family has said in a statement.
A company has been fined £10,000 for failing to carry out safety checks on more than 1,000 homes and flats in Dorset and Berkshire where faulty gas pipes were found to be linked to a gas leak in a new housing development, a court has heard.
The University of Groningen in the Netherlands is one of the world's most expensive universities, but it is also one of its most English-speaking - and most of its students are from the UK - so it is not surprising that it has its own open day in English.
The Ulster-Scots language was first spoken in the same way as the Irish language in the 17th Century, and was the main source of common speech between Ulster and the rest of the British Isles in that part of the world where they lived and worked.
A California mother-of-three who went missing more than a month ago has been found alive and well after being abducted by two masked men, police say, after being rescued by a passing motorist in a remote part of the US state on Thanksgiving Day.
New York City Council members have voted to ban street performers in Times Square who have become a fixture of the famous New York City landmark in recent months, in a bid to curb street harassment and lewd behaviour in the city's famous shopping area, the Times Square shopping district.
A paralysed man who was evicted from a mental health hospital has gone on hunger strike in a dispute over his housing and care, the BBC has been told by a court judge after he refused to move back into his former home, where he is being looked after by council staff.
Private clinics offering tests to pregnant women to check for Down's syndrome in their unborn babies are not doing enough to warn women about the risks, a report says, calling for a ban on the use of tests to determine the sex of a baby's sex and to prevent sex-selective abortions.
Ballymena United have signed striker Darren Boyce on a 30-month deal from Coleraine for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months if he is offered a permanent deal.Linfield midfielder Brian McCaul has joined Glenavon on loan until January.
A plan to encourage people to walk and cycle to work and school has been published by the Welsh government in a bid to improve the number of journeys made by cyclists and walkers in Wales by 2020, it has been announced.Â£1.5m will be spent on encouraging people to take up active travel.
When you are a Republican presidential candidate, you are going to have to cater to a certain group of voters, particularly if you want to win over a state that is going to be a key battleground in next year's election, there are certain constituencies that you just don't want to alienate.
Thousands of competitors have taken part in this year's Snowdonia Mountain Bike Race, which has taken place in the same place for the first time in the north Wales village where the race was first held 50 years ago on Saturday night and is now held every year.
MP Sir Kevin Nolan has said he may have broken House of Commons rules on using Commons facilities for personal use, in light of allegations he received expenses for hosting fundraisers and other events in the House of Westminster in the past three years, it has been claimed.
Shares in China's biggest social media platform, Weibo, have raised more money than expected in their initial public offering (IPO) on the US stock market, despite a sharp fall in the number of users in the first day of trading on the New York market.
Great Britain's wheelchair basketball team are back in the UK, and ready to show off their skills again at the World Wheelchair Basketball Championships in Sheffield. Watch the video of them getting ready for their big day! Click here for all the latest team news and team news.
Police have released a CCTV image of a man they want to speak to in connection with an assault on a bus in Glasgow.Â£1,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of a "dangerous" man who was involved in the incident.
Residents on the US territory of Guam have expressed concern over North Korea's threat to fire a missile at the island, after President Donald Trump tweeted it was a "firewall" to the US.Â£1.5bn (£1.2bn; $1.4bn) missile defence system on the island.
A British diver who was due to be extradited to Malta to face charges over the deaths of two British divers has said he is "delighted" to have the charges against him dropped and can finally begin to grieve for his "very, very good friends".
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with energy stocks leading the way, helped by a rise in the price of crude oil and a strong lead from oil giant Saudi Arabia and its petrochemical giant Saudi Aramco, which said it would invest $1bn in oil exploration and production.
The authorities in the eastern Ukrainian city of Zaporizhya have begun a campaign to remove communist-era monuments from the streets of the city, according to the BBC's Mark Lowen, who has been reporting from the region since the end of last year.
Rory McIlroy was asked about Europe's chances of victory in the Ryder Cup at Hazeltine this week and he was emphatic in his response."They win a match against me, no less," he said with a straight-forward answer.
Four men have been charged in connection with an axe-wielding robbery at a petrol station in Lancashire in which a woman was allegedly dragged out of her car and threatened with a bladed article by a masked man wielding an axe.Â£20,000 worth of petrol bombs have been seized.
Online retailer Amazon has been accused of using tax avoidance to reduce its tax bill by using the UK as a subsidiary of its European headquarters in Luxembourg, while avoiding paying tax in the UK on all profits made in the country - even though it employs hundreds of people here.
Afghanistan is one of the worst affected countries in Europe by the migrant boat disaster in which dozens of people drowned in the Aegean Sea in January, with many of them children and young people caught up in the tragedy.At the heart of the tragedy are the families of those who lost their loved ones.
It was supposed to be the story of a sprinter who had been banned for life for doping, who had never been able to run a 100m or 200m in his life, and who was never fit enough to compete again - but now he is back, seemingly, at the age of 32.
An MP facing calls to resign over a £10.25m loan to a football club has said he will not stand for re-election at the next general election in 2015, saying it is the "right time" for his constituents to have a new MP.
Swansea City's Supporters' Trust says it is still waiting to hear from the club's new American owners as negotiations to take over the club enter a "critical" third round with the remaining board members of the Supporters' Club Trust, who are due to visit the Liberty Stadium.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing the death of a 15-year-old girl in a crash in Gwynedd while driving under the influence of drink-drive in March 2014, a year after she died in a car crash in Conwy county.
England manager Roy Hodgson says he does not have any doubts about Wales' patriotism despite Gareth Bale's criticism of the national team's "lack of patriotism"."I don't have any at all," says the Wales forward. "We know who we are, we know what we are."
Ed Miliband does not need Tony Blair's help in dealing with a dispute between the Labour Party and the Unite union, the former prime minister has said, as the row over the party's links with the union intensifies.The dispute is a "political struggle" and will not undermine his leadership.
Theresa May has dismissed reports of a row with European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker as "Brussels gossip" and said she was a "bloody difficult woman" to deal with.Â£1bn talks with the EU are "going to be tough", she has told the BBC.
Raith Rovers midfielder Scott Martin has signed a new two-year contract with Livingston, with the option of a further 12 months at the Livingston player-coach's club, which expires at the end of the 2018-19 Scottish Premiership season on 1 July.
The Circuit of Wales would have been outside the "natural agglomeration" of the UK motor sport industry, according to a leading figure in the sport's motorsport industry in the country who owns the circuit at Pembrokeshire and on Anglesey.
Southampton City Council has been accused of "betrayal" by the Conservatives over plans to cut hundreds of jobs and close care homes in a bid to save Â£30m over the next three years, it has been claimed by the Conservative group in the authority.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved into the Scottish League Two play-off places thanks to a late victory at McDiarmid Parkhead on Tuesday night in the Scottish Cup second-round tie at East Stirlingshire Park on Tuesday.Â£10,000
League Two side Shrewsbury Town have signed Wales Under-19 midfielder George James on a season-long loan deal from Premier League side Burnley, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m has been paid in compensation for the 18-year-old.
A mother and her partner have been found stabbed to death at a house in West Yorkshire, leaving their two-year-old daughter in a critical condition in hospital with "life-threatening injuries", police have said, in a murder inquiry launched following their deaths.
Hull City defender Andrew Robertson has been ruled out of Scotland's World Cup qualifier against England after suffering a serious injury in training on Monday night on his return from international duty with the Scottish national team after missing Scotland's 3-0 win over Slovakia.Â£1m-rated Hull City.
The mother of a schoolgirl found dead in a canal has said she is "stunned" that a convicted murderer with a previous conviction for murder was not monitored or known about in any way before her daughter's death, an inquest has heard, as it opened.
At least 20 people have been killed in an attack on a village in eastern Afghanistan, officials say.The Taliban have denied responsibility for the attack, calling it a "war crime" and a "barbarbaric act of war crime" by the attackers.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in a street in west London, police have said, in what is believed to be a "domestic-related" attack, the Met Police has said.
Rolf Harris's life in jail in London has been a rollercoaster ride from "cuddly establishment showman" to "outcast outcast" - but back home in Australia he is facing a backlash that could last for years to come, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen.
The boss of French carmaker PSA Group is to meet UK Prime Minister Theresa May next week as part of efforts to secure a deal to buy Vauxhall and Opel in the wake of the collapse of US carmaker General Motors' European business, it has been announced.
A Scottish salmon producer has reported a loss for the first three months of the year after a fall in the number of salmon it harvested.Â£1.4m worth of fish killed in the first quarter of the financial year was offset by a rise in operating costs.
A former enterprise minister has said he is concerned about a multi-million pound deal between Invest NI and a US private equity firm in which the agency was given a "substantial" share of the proceeds of a failed property deal in the years before the property crash.
Sweetgrass has been identified as a potential new source of insect repellent, according to US scientists who have isolated the plant's molecules from the grass.Further tests are needed to see if the plants can repel mosquitoes, they say, but they are promising early results.
A jury has failed to reach a verdict in the trial of a woman and her boyfriend accused of indecently assaulting a 16-year-old girl on stage at the Brit Awards in London last year, a judge has said, but the case will be re-examined.
Apple has been taken to court by Google over the use of the word "litter" in its new app called RecycleBin, which it claims infringes the company's right to use the name.Â£500,000 worth of legal action is being taken against the company.
Residents in a part of Cambridgeshire have been told to boil their tap water after tests found "naturally occurring organisms" in the water supply, the water firm Anglian Water has said, but nothing harmful to human health has been found in the samples.
In this week's Tech Tent we look at the rise of virtual reality, the power of artificial intelligence, and the boom in video games online - and why it's good to be young, and what it means for the rest of us who don't watch much else.
England beat Pakistan by an innings and 88 runs to win the second Test in Abu Dhabi and take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series with one match to go.Â£1.5m prize money will be shared between the two sides after the final Test.
The Japan society in Belfast is one of the oldest and most important groups of its kind in Northern Ireland, and its members say it's a place where people from all walks of life can get to know more about their country's culture and its history without having to leave their homes.
David Cameron has said he is "open minded" to the idea of a UN resolution to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles, after Russia said it was ready to negotiate a deal with the Syrian government to end its use of the weapons in response to last week's deadly attack.
Lord Ashcroft, the author of a controversial book about David Cameron's Oxford University days, is recovering in the US after suffering a stroke, his spokeswoman has said at the launch of the book's publication in London's Dorchester Hotel du Sahel in London.
The Taliban have taken control of Sangin district in southern Afghanistan's Helmand province, one of the most dangerous and deadliest districts in the war-torn country, and one of its most important strongholds, the BBC's Tom Burridge reports from the southern province of Kandahar.
A prison has asked residents to lock their doors and lock their windows after reports of packages being thrown over its walls by people using drones to smuggle drugs and other contraband into the jail, it has been claimed in an Essex town centre report to the Home Office.
The Church in Wales is to mark the 20th anniversary of the first women to be ordained as priests by holding a series of special services at five cathedrals across the country in the New Year, it has announced in a bid to encourage more women to take up the ministry.
The cost of building the proposed new airport in the Borders could be more than £1m more than originally estimated, BBC Scotland has learned.Â£2.5m could be spent on the project over the next three years, according to the council's budget plans.
Sinn FÃ©in's Martin McGuinness has said he hopes the SDLP and Alliance Party will decide on Thursday whether they will join the new Northern Ireland Executive, which will be formed after the assembly election on 5 May, but that it is too soon to say.
The search for the bodies of two coastguard crewmen who went missing after a helicopter crash off the coast of Galway is to resume on Sunday, the Irish coastguard has confirmed to the Irish National Radio Information Centre (RIC) and the Irish RNLI.
This amazing video has been captured by a camera crew in China, showing off the latest technology and technology in a remote mountain village in China's eastern province of Hunan, which is home to some of the world's most advanced scientists and technology companies, as well as some of China's most famous scientists.
The first all-amputee team to row across the Atlantic Ocean has completed the challenge in a boat carrying four injured servicemen and women, including two who lost both legs in Afghanistan and one who lost a leg in an RAF parachuting display, it has emerged.
A second tidal energy turbine has been installed off Shetland to generate electricity for the first time, according to a Scottish company which is developing the technology for use in the UK and the world's largest tidal energy market.Â£1.5m worth of blades have been used to power the project.
Carlisle United have signed Queens Park Rangers midfielder Brandon Comley on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Cumbrian club in the summer, reports BBC Radio Cumbria Sport's Laura Kuenssberg.
Two men who claim to have found a Nazi train full of gold buried in Poland say they are "99% convinced" a train carrying the treasure is there, but have not provided any evidence to support their claims.Â£1m (1.5m; $1.6m) is needed to secure the find, they say.
Bradford City have offered new deals to six players, including midfielder Paul Darby, who has signed a new one-year contract with the League One club, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the current campaign, BBC Radio Bradford reports.
The new director of the Tate Modern, Sian Balshaw, says she wants to "change the world" of art in the way the institution has been for the last 20 years, and that she wants it to be a "national treasure" for the next 50 years.
The CIA director, John Brennan, has been the victim of a hacking attack, according to documents leaked from his personal AOL email account, the US intelligence agency has confirmed to the BBC and other news outlets, but denied that anything classified has been released in the leak.
Watching a football match between a team of robots and a real-life team of humans may not be the most exciting thing to see, but it is certainly not the worst way to watch a robot play - especially if you are wearing a red pair of shoes.
A US tourist has been gang raped in the northern Indian state of Himachal Pradesh, police say, the second such attack on a foreign tourist in the state in less than a month, local media reports say, in the latest in a series of high-profile cases of sexual violence.
Abby Wambach has been accused of driving under the influence of drugs for the first time at the age of 25, according to court documents filed in Portland, Oregon, police say, and first using marijuana at age 24 in 2014, court documents show.
Spain's Alberto Contador won stage one of the Criterium du Dauphine as defending champion Chris Froome finished 13 seconds behind in a sprint finish to take second place in the race's first mountain stage of the 2017 edition in Corsica on Sunday.
Teachers in the UK are paid on average 22% less than their counterparts in other developed countries, according to a report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) on education in the world's richest countries.In England, teachers' pay has fallen for the first time since 2005, despite an increase in the number of graduates, it says.
Relatives of five Chinese migrant workers killed by British soldiers in Malaysia more than 70 years ago have lost a legal challenge to the UK government's refusal to hold a public inquiry into the killings, the UK's highest court has ruled in a landmark case in London.
West Ham have signed Norway midfielder Havard Nordtveitit from Borussia Monchengladbach for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m.Â£4.5m, on a four-and-a-half-year deal, subject to international clearance.
Green Day have said they will be back in Glasgow "as soon as possible" after a concert in the city was cancelled due to "safety issues" at the venue they were due to play in Glasgow's Bellahouston Park, the band have said in a statement.
The chief adjudicator for school admissions in England has warned of "serious concerns" about the way places are being allocated in England's schools, in her final report.The government is being urged to take action over the way they are being offered to children in England.
Tottenham came from behind to beat Swansea City and maintain their five-point lead at the top of the Premier League as they kept up the pressure on leaders Leicester with a second win in a row at White Hart Lane this season to go level on points with the Foxes.
Captain Scott Brown says Celtic have "let themselves down" by failing to win a fifth straight Scottish Premiership title and must "get themselves together" if they are to end the season on a high with three games to go, writes BBC Scotland's Mark McGhee.
Paris St-Germain have signed Brazilian winger Jese Rodriguez from Real Madrid on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £13m.Â£13m, subject to a work permit and a work visa.Â€14m (£11.5m) buyout clause.
What are the stories on the front pages of the Belfast Telegraph, the News Letter and the Irish News this morning that you might have missed if you were sitting down for a full day of business at Stormont this week?(If you are not a member of the Northern Ireland Assembly, that is).
Russia has held military exercises in southern Russia, as its air force continues to bomb targets in Syria, where it is supporting the Syrian government in its fight against pro-Russian rebels in the country's north-east and in neighbouring Syria's second city, Aleppo.
A former ambulance support worker who posted "derogatory" comments about a Staffordshire hospital nurse on Facebook has been struck off the medical register for gross misconduct.Â£10,000 has been paid to his employer for his "repeated failure to engage" with the regulatory process.
Israel's navy has boarded a boat carrying Tunisian and Tunisian activists trying to break the naval blockade of the Gaza Strip, the Israeli military says, in what it describes as a routine operation.Israel says it was acting on "international law" when it intercepted the vessel in international waters.
Scotland's political leaders have been campaigning across the country as the general election campaign enters its final days ahead of polling day on 7 May, with polls suggesting a tight contest for the UK's 11 Westminster seats to choose their next MPs and a tight race for the top jobs.
A new compensation fund for people diagnosed with the deadly asbestos-related cancer mesothelioma is to be set up, the government has announced, as part of a major shake-up of the law on the disease's treatment in England and Wales in the wake of the Fukushima disaster.
Blackburn Rovers and Bristol City both missed the chance to secure their Championship safety as the teams drew at Ewood Park to leave both with three games to go in the race for a play-off place.Â£1.5m is still in the balance after the game finished level.
League One side Rochdale have signed MK Dons striker Chris Barnett on a two-year deal following his release by AFC Wimbledon at the end of last season, with the option of a further year-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent move.
South Sudan's rebel leader Riek Machar has said he will return to his home country to fight against the government, ending months of fighting.Â£1bn worth of weapons have been seized by his forces since he fled the country's civil war broke out.
(Close): The FTSE 100 fell by 0.4% to 7,965, with the FTSEurofirst share index ending the day down 0.2%. The F&O index of leading shares ended the day 1.1% lower at 7,865.
A man has died in hospital after being restrained by police officers while responding to a report of a man acting erratically in a Dorset seaside town, it has been confirmed to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC)   Â£1,000 fine.
The number of people claiming to be Christians in Wales has fallen by 14 percentage points since 2001, according to the 2011 census figures, Prof Richard Dawkins has said, saying he is "delighted" by the figures.The outlook for Christianity in the UK is "even more pessimistic" than previously thought.
Raymond Aubrac, one of the last surviving members of the French Resistance during World War Two, has died at the age of 98.Â£1m (€1.1m; $1.2m) in the UK, his family has said.
Two men have been arrested in Nigeria on suspicion of engaging in acts of homosexuality, police say, the first arrests of its kind in the country since a law criminalising same-sex relations came into effect in 2013, local media reports say, as the BBC's Chris Ewokor reports from Nigeria.
Wigan Warriors returned to the top of Super League with a hard-fought victory over Super League leaders Leeds Rhinos at the Ricoh Arena at the end of a thrilling Magic Weekend at Headingley, ending a run of five straight defeats in the Super 8s.
It is not every day you get the chance to change the club that has been your parent club's DNA for more than a decade.So it is with a new manager, a new stadium, new chairman and a new director of football at a club that is still trying to get back to the top of League One.
Scottish councils have agreed to take in thousands of Syrian refugees, according to the Council for Scotland's Local Government Association (Cosla).The organisation has said it is "outraged" by the scale of the refugee crisis and has called on the Home Office to speed up the response to it.
Graeme Shinnie scored a stunning late winner as Aberdeen came from behind to beat Apollon Limassol in the first leg of their Europa League last-32 tie and set up a second leg against the Cypriot side in Cyprus next week.Â£1m Aberdeen will take a two-goal advantage into the second leg of the second qualifying round.
A Canadian police helicopter crew has been accused of having an inappropriate conversation with the public while flying over a residential area of the city it is patrolling in the north-west of the country.Â£2,000 (Â£1,800) in fines have been issued to the pilots after they were caught on camera talking about sex and money.
A teenager has been jailed for life for murdering a teenager who tried to stop him from stabbing another teenager to death in north-west London after a row over a perceived "snatch and grab" in the weeks before a school trip to the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro.
World number one Andy Murray reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time with a tense victory over Italian Fabio Fognini in a five-set thriller on a rain-affected night session at the All England Club on Centre Court on Friday night.
German police have arrested a man suspected of plotting to bomb attack the Borussia Dortmund football team's team bus in the city of Borussia Monchengladbach last month, killing two people and injuring more than 100 others, in what they say was a "financial greed".
Hundreds of people have attended a vigil in memory of a black man who died after he was restrained by police during a chase by officers in east London earlier this month, as a protest against his death erupted in a nearby street on Friday night, the Met Police has said.
Gillingham have appointed Paul Pennock as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year contract, with Paul Taylor returning to the club as director of football, the League One club have confirmed.Â£500,000 compensation has been paid to the Gillingham board for his departure.
Police in India have dropped charges of sedition against seven Muslim men who were arrested for allegedly shouting anti-India slogans during last week's World Cup cricket match between India and Pakistan, local media reports say, but the authorities say they will continue to press on with the charges.
Israel's defence minister says he hopes Turkey will end oil smuggling by so-called Islamic State (IS) into the country, as the two countries try to mend relations."I hope that it will be ended," he said, accusing Turkey of allowing jihadists to cross the border.
The US government has said it will not grant an easement to allow the controversial Dakota Access oil pipeline to cross a Native American lake in North Dakota, despite protests by Native American tribes and other protesters in the US state's largest city, Bismarck, and nearby cities.
An alpaca which was attacked by a dog in a New Forest field has died from its wounds, its owners have said, after two weeks of "round-the-clock monitoring and nursing" for its recovery and recovery from the attack.Â£1,000 raised for the animal's treatment.
A prison officer who was injured in a dissident republican bomb attack at Maghaberry prison 12 days ago has died, the Northern Ireland Prison Service has said.The director general of the service has said she is "devastated and beyond shock" at what has happened.
A man accused of murdering an Aberdeenshire father-of-three was "lifted up like a teddy bear" when police arrived at the scene of the attack, a court has been told by a witness who tried to help him to his feet.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger says he is "happy" for Gareth Southgate to be given the job of England manager on a short-term basis, but says he will not be making a move for the England manager's job himself this summer, despite speculation linking him with the job.
Aberdeen's Jonny Hayes has had his red card against Celtic overturned after his appeal against the decision to dismiss him was unsuccessful.Â£10,000 compensation has been paid by the Scottish Football Association to the player and his club for the red card he was shown.
London Fire Brigade (LFB) has apologised for using the term "hipster" to describe a blaze which destroyed a number of businesses in east London.The blaze was caused by a suspected electrical fault, the fire service has said in a statement on its Twitter account.
Two men have admitted attacking a man with an axe and a knife at a Christmas party, leaving him with permanent disfigurement and a broken penis and groin and hand injuries in a case of mistaken identity and grievous bodily harm with intent, a court has heard.
Gloucester City Football Club have submitted plans to build a new stadium in Sudmeadow, Gloucestershire, to replace their current home ground, which has been flooded three times in the past 10 years, it has been announced.Â£1.5m plans have been submitted.
A police investigation is under way after members of Britain First entered a Cardiff mosque in a row over "radicalisation", South Wales Police have confirmed to BBC Wales News and the BBC Wales news website (Belfast Live) and the Muslim Council of Wales (Wales Live).
A project to create 3D models of artefacts lost at Mosul Museum in Iraq has produced its first images of objects that have been destroyed by the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Iraq and Syria over the past five years, as part of a major archaeological project.
Heavy drinking among adults and children is on the rise in Wales, according to a new report from Public Health Wales.More needs to be done to cut the number of people dying from alcohol-related causes, it has been said in the Welsh government's annual report.
The remains of a 17th Century ship that sank in the English Channel more than 250 years ago are being excavated as part of a project to mark the 400th anniversary of the sinking of the first Dutch East India Company vessel to hit the English coast, Historic England has said.
West Ham's move from Upton Park to a new stadium in east London will have a knock-on effect on the local economy, according to some of the people who live and work in the area, but others are more concerned about its long-term impact on local businesses.
Shrien Dewani, the man accused of murdering his wife in South Africa, has been extradited from the UK to face trial, Scotland Yard has said.The family of his alleged victim have welcomed the news that he has arrived in Cape Town.Â£2m-a-year-old Anni Dewani has been formally charged with murder.
End-of-life care for patients in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland could save the NHS at least £30m a year, according to a new report by a leading health charity and a report commissioned by the Patients Association and the Marie Curie charity.
South Africa bowled England out for 172 on the final day of the fourth Test to complete a crushing innings-and-97-run win and complete a series whitewash in the five-match series with one match to spare in South Africa's home city.
Scientists in the US have made the most detailed maps yet of Jupiter's atmosphere using the most powerful radio telescope ever used to study the planet's weather systems, thanks to a powerful upgrade to one of its instruments.The results are published in the journal Science, and it is certainly worth a read.
Argentina's government has proposed tougher penalties for assaults on teachers in a bid to protect them from bullying and abuse by parents and students in schools and other public places, the BBC has learned.The country's education minister has published his personal mobile phone number so that teachers can contact him directly if they have problems.
Australian golfer Byron Allenby says he was robbed at gunpoint at a bar in Honolulu, Hawaii, before being dumped in a park miles away by a homeless woman in the early hours of the morning and taken to his hotel room by a taxi driver who dropped him off.
Aberdeen must prove they can cope with the pressure of facing the Old Firm in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final against Hibernian at Hampden, says former Dons boss Kenny Miller, who believes the Dons are a "better side" than the one they face.
The former aide of Osama Bin Laden's widow, Abdulrahman al-Bahri, has died in hospital in Yemen, local officials have said, describing him as a "martyr" who was killed in a gun battle with Islamist militants last week, before his body was recovered.
Chile's Calbuco volcano has erupted for the third time in a week, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes in the south-eastern region of the country where it is active and has been threatening people for days.
North Carolina Republican Senator Kay Hagan has lost her re-election bid to Democrat Mark Harris in a primary contest seen as a test of the party's ability to win in November's mid-term elections in the US Senate election, as well as a sign of a shift away from the tea party's demands.
A college bought season tickets for Manchester United football matches under a "chaotic" management team, the BBC has learned.A college also spent Â£2.8m on paying consultants and holding a party to mark its 100th anniversary, it has emerged.
Up to 40% of north Wales' police budget could be cut in the next five years, the region's top police officer has warned the BBC Wales news website, in the wake of a row over rural police funding in the north of England and Wales over rural areas.
Chechen leader Ramzan Kadyrov has posted a video on Instagram, in which he threatens to kill a prominent Russian opposition figure, Alexei Kasyanov, if he fails to pay him Â£10,000 (Â£6,000) for a post on Sunday.
The Belfast Giants were held to a 1-1 draw by the Manchester Storm in their first game back in the Elite League on Sunday night at the SSE Arena in Belfast.Stevie Lee scored twice as the Stormers beat the Giants 4-2 in Sunday's game.
Russian opposition newspaper Novaya Gazeta says it has received threats of "retribution" from Chechnya's Muslim leaders after it reported that at least three people had been killed in the republic on suspicion of being gay, and at least one had been tortured.
Harrison Ford has confirmed he is to reprise his role as Indiana Jones in a fifth film in the Star Wars franchise, saying he wanted to do it with a "really good script" for the next instalment in the series.Â£1bn-grossing Star Wars: The Force Awakens has been released.
James Anderson became England's all-time leading one-day international wicket-taker with his 200th international haul during the second Test against Australia on Sunday.Â£1.5m bowler James Anderson became the first man to take 200 wickets in a match when he took three in the first innings of the match.
Lloyds Banking Group has announced plans to close another 100 branches across the UK as part of a shake-up of its branch network, with the loss of more than 1,100 jobs by the end of the year, the latest in a series of closures announced by banks.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline has agreed to buy two drugs from US rival Bristol-Myers Squibb for $1.2bn (£1.1bn) in a bid to boost its HIV and asthma medicines business, in a deal that values the company at £1.6bn.
A poster of the Battle of the Somme has been sold at auction for £500 - more than three times its estimated price of up to £20,000 - after it was put up for sale for £20 at auction in Conwy county on Friday.
The FA Cup is one of the world's oldest and most prestigious cup competitions, and this year's preliminary rounds are no exception.From a team named after a child, to a non-league side named after an ex-footballer and a team with a legend as its manager, there are plenty of stories to tell from this weekend's action.
The Republic of Ireland's Justice Minister, Seamus Shatter, has been caught up in a series of high-profile public controversies since he took office in 2011, but he has never been immune to controversy himself, writes the BBC News NI's Tomasínín O'Brien.
Northampton Town defender Gabriel Nkosi has left the club by mutual consent to return to his home country of DR Congo on a two-year deal.Â£20,000 compensation has been paid to the player by the League Two club.Â© BBC Radio Northampton.
A charity has called for a gym's "fat-shaming" poster to be taken down after it was branded "in poor taste" and "offensive" by some people who said it would "aid bullying" by a charity which says it is trying to stop bullying.
Breast cancer can be stopped from spreading to the bone by blocking an enzyme produced by the tumours, a study has shown in experiments on mice and in animals in which the disease is played a key role in the body's healing process, scientists say.Cancer charities have welcomed a "significant breakthrough" in the fight against the disease.
Chelsea midfielder John Obi Mikel Obi has been cleared by the Football Association of any wrongdoing by referee Mark Clattenburg over claims he racially abused the Blues' Juan Mata and Chelsea team-mate Gary Cahill in a match last month, the governing body has confirmed.
Valencia's hopes of reaching the Copa del Rey final suffered a setback as they were held to a draw by Barcelona in the first leg of their last-16 tie at the Mestalla on Wednesday. Click here for all the latest team news and stats from the Spanish semi-final.
It's one of China's most famous folktales, and now a new version of the story is being remade for the big screen, but what does it mean for fans of the ancient Chinese epic Journey to the West, which has been retold for centuries in film and TV?
Two previously unseen cels from one of Walt Disney's most famous films have sold for more than £20,000 at auction - with one fetching £12,000 for the film's most expensive item of film memorabilia ever sold at a price tag of £10,000.
A man wanted by police in Australia has responded to an arrest warrant by posting a picture of himself on Facebook with the caption "can you use a better mugshot?" in a bid to help track down him down and bring him to justice, the BBC has learned.
Wladimir Klitschko is in talks to fight Britain's Anthony Joshua, promoter Eddie Hearn has said, with the IBF world heavyweight champion "beginning discussions with other opponents" to fight the Ukrainian in Germany in May or June next year, regardless of which belts are on the line.
A lollipop lady was hit by a car after it failed to stop at a red light and ploughed into her outside a school, a court has heard, leaving her in a critical condition in a residential care home for people with an acquired brain injury.
Amnesty International (AI) has accused Qatar of failing to take "urgent action" to stop the 2022 World Cup being "built on forced labour and exploitation" in the Gulf state, which is hosting the tournament for the first time in 20 years in 2022.
A 360-degree camera has been used to capture images of some of Scotland's canals using Google Street View's new camera system, it has been revealed by Scottish Canals and the BBC Scotland website, in partnership with Google's Street View team and the National Trust for Scotland.
Lenovo has been accused of "betraying its customers' trust" after it removed adware from some of its laptops and PCs that had been pre-installed to help users find the cheapest cheapest deals online, the BBC has learned.The Chinese firm has disabled the software from machines already in use.
Taylor Swift has been named album of the year at the Grammy Awards for the second year in a row for her album 1989, beating Adele and Adele to the prize for best pop solo performance for their song Shake It Off, both of which were performed live on stage.
Germany's economy grew at its fastest pace in two years in 2016, official figures have shown, helped by a strong performance from the manufacturing sector.Â£1.5bn ($1.6bn; €1.8bn) in exports and a rise in government spending.
A man has been taken to hospital after being stabbed in the chest in a street attack in County Londonderry in the Republic of Ireland on New Year's Eve nightlife in the early hours of the morning of the new Year's Day, it has been reported.
Police in Milan have arrested four teenagers accused of carrying out a series of robberies in the Italian city in the style of the 1970s sci-fi film A Clockwork Orange, in which a gang of young criminals beat and robbed young men and boys in the street.
A Turkish military jet has crashed near the border with Syria, killing its pilot, local media reports say, with the body of the other pilot found in the wreckage, Turkish officials say, citing local media and local officials as the cause of the crash.â€‚¬1.
Kenya's opposition leader Raila Odinga has said he will seek to challenge the presidential election result in the Supreme Court, defying international pressure to accept the result in a walkout strike on Monday and a call for peaceful protests on Wednesday.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in damages
Kirsty Ward scored a hat-trick as Wales beat Kazakhstan 3-0 in their final Women's Euro 2017 qualifier in Pembrokeshire to reach the quarter-finals for the first time since 2009.Â£20,000 in prize money was shared between the hosts and Kazakhstan.
Playboy magazine is to stop publishing adult content, including explicit content, such as explicit photographs of naked women, in its current format, and will now be published on the internet only, instead of in the magazine's traditional paper format, the magazine has announced.
Felix Sturm retained his WBA middleweight title with a hard-fought points win over Matt Macklin at the Manchester Arena on Saturday night to extend the Irishman's unbeaten run to 10 fights.Â£1.5m-rated Macklin remains the only man without a defeat in his professional career.
Jayaram Jayalalitha was one of India's most colourful and controversial politicians, with a career spanning more than three decades in politics and more than two decades in the public eye, writes the BBC Hindi's Geeta Pandey Kannan in Chennai.
Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner (PCC) Steve Finnigan has warned the county's police force could be reduced to a "blue light" service under government plans to cut its budget by Â£24.8m by the end of the year.
Conservationists may be able to harvest some of the birds that have been established as a self-sustaining population outside of their natural range to help meet demand for them in the wild, a study suggests, rather than sell them to poachers and sell them for pets.
Libya's defence minister has said he will stay in the post despite resigning in protest over a new law banning former officials from taking part in politics, his office says, but his resignation was not formally presented to the prime minister's office.Â£1.5bn-worth of weapons has been seized by gunmen in the capital Tripoli.
Venezuelan acting President Nicolas Maduro has said he will move into the presidential palace where his late predecessor, Hugo Chavez, was born, and turn it into a "home" for the late leader's remains after Sunday's election campaign launch in the capital, Caracas.
EastEnders fans, you may have heard the news that the killer of Lucy Beale has been revealed, but what about throwing a party to celebrate the death of the Queen Vic matriarch, who was killed off in the soap's longest-running serial?
Chesterfield have extended the loan spell of midfielder Emmanuel Gnanduillet from French Ligue 1 side Stade Rennais until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.Â£10,000 has been paid in compensation for the player.
Leicester City are close to signing France midfielder N'Golo Kante from Ligue 1 champions Paris St-Germain, reports BBC Radio Leicester and BBC Radio Lancashire have said, subject to a medical and a work permit from the player's club.
Infected livers can be regenerated using stem cells taken from the body's own resources, according to scientists in Edinburgh who say they have made a significant leap in regenerating the organ's ability to repair its own damage.Â£1.5m research could lead to a new treatment for people with severe liver failure.
Mobile phone operators could face fines of up to £20,000 a day if they fail to meet agreed service targets, under plans set out by the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, and the Department for Culture, Media and Sport (DfM).
A woman has been seriously injured after being hit by a car in Edinburgh city centre, police have said in a new appeal for information.Â£10,000 has been made available to help find the driver of the vehicle involved in the collision.Â© Police Scotland
It is 60 years since the last Spanish survivor of the Nazi concentration camp at Mauthausen, Enric Marco, was deported from Spain and deported to Austria to take part in a ceremony to mark the 60th anniversary of the camp's opening.Â© Benito Bermejo.
A council has missed a deadline to pay millions of pounds in compensation to livestock traders after the deaths of dozens of sheep and animals in 2012 and 2013, the BBC has learned in a Freedom of Information (FoI) request from the local authority which runs the port.
Livingston moved top of Scottish League One with victory over Queen's Park, while East Fife and East Stirlingshire both won to move out of the relegation play-off places in second and third place respectively on goal difference after the weekend's fixtures.
A 90-year-old man has been reunited with his old bandmates for the first time in more than 30 years after he played the piano for the last time in a care home band in the 1970s and '80s, it has been revealed.
Modern humans began interbreeding with Neanderthals much earlier than previously thought, according to a new analysis of DNA from a 45,000-year-old man living in Siberia in the early Pleistocene era, a study suggests, shedding new light on the history of our species.
Leading Syrian opposition figures have held an unprecedented meeting in the capital, Damascus, to discuss the future of the country following a wave of anti-government protests that began in March and has lasted more than a month since the start of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad.
Spanish police used batons to disperse Leicester City fans in the centre of the Spanish capital, Madrid, during Tuesday night's football match against the Foxes, witnesses have told BBC 5 live and the BBC's Owynn Palmer-Atkin programme on BBC Radio Leicester.
A senior civil servant has admitted some schools are "gaming the system" by allowing pupils to enter the GCSE system early to get a better GCSE grade.The education minister has said he understands why some people will do so but has not "in any way justified" it.
Two 15-year-old girls accused of stabbing a girl 19 times in a plot to kill a classmate in the US state of Wisconsin have pleaded not guilty at a hearing in a mental health court in Madison, where they are being tried as adults.Prosecutors say they were motivated by the fictional Slender Man.
One of the Chibok schoolgirls who was kidnapped in Nigeria's north-eastern Borno state last year has been rescued, the Nigerian army has said, a day after she was found in a remote part of the country's capital, Maiduguri, in north-east Nigeria.
A man has died following an incident at a house in south-east London which police are treating as "unexplained" and are not believed to be linked to extremism or terrorism, the Met Police has said.Â£20,000 worth of chemicals have been found at the scene.
Toshiba has filed for bankruptcy protection in the US at its struggling nuclear power unit, Westinghouse, in a move that could lead to the loss of up to $1.2bn (Â£1bn; $1bn.4bn) of assets.
They were one of the most influential R&B groups of the 1970s, with a distinctive sound that appealed to a wide range of listeners - from hip-hop to soul, funk to disco, funk-a-plenty, soulful funk to soulful disco.
We don't all watch The Apprentice to see the best moments - we don't even watch it to see how good a presenter is going to be, we just watch it because it's so fun to watch the bad ones. And so far this year it's been a pretty good one.
The new series of Geordie Shore has been announced, with Nathan Worthington admitting he was nervous about going into the house, despite not looking to get into a relationship with any of his male housemates in the first episode of the new series, despite being bisexual.
Trams are set to return to the streets of Birmingham for the first time in more than 60 years when the Midland Metro Line opens in the West Midlands city centre on Monday.Â£1.5bn plans to expand the tram network in the city centre.
Red Bull drivers Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are fighting for the world title in the final two races of the season but will not be given team orders to help them, says the team boss at the Australian Grand Prix, reports BBC Radio 5 live.
It's been more than a year since a massive earthquake hit the country of Nepal in South East Asia, killing and injuring thousands of people, and causing massive damage to the country's infrastructure and people's daily lives in many parts of the world, including the capital, Bangkok.
Former Celtic and Chelsea footballer Farouk Feruz has been extradited from Tanzania after failing to appear in court in Glasgow to face charges of driving while under the influence of drink-driving, a court has been told in a bid to secure his return to Scotland.
A US student held in North Korea for more than a year has fallen into a coma, his doctors say, contradicting the regime's claim that he was poisoned with botulism and taking a sleeping pill at the time of his detention.Â£1.5m worth of Botulism can cause coma, say doctors.
Alastair Cook scored his first Test century in more than two years as England drew with St Kitts and Nevis in their final warm-up match before the first Test against West Indies in Antigua and Barbuda next month.Â£1.5m is on offer for the final Test against the West Indies.
Lee Ormond's hopes of a world title shot suffered a setback as he lost on points to IBF lightweight champion Dale Evans at the SSEVENS Arena in Cardiff on Saturday night in the Welshman's home city of Llandudno, Wales.
A protest has taken place outside the Welsh government's headquarters in Wrexham in a bid to highlight the "crisis" facing the Welsh language in Wales, a group of campaigners have said in a press conference on Anglesey on Thursday morning and to highlight Welsh-medium education.
The head of HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC), Mark Thompson, has told MPs that he would review the tax affairs of footballers and other sports stars if he was in charge of the taxman's department, if he had the power to do so.
Nottinghamshire seamer Chris Gurney says he is "excited" about the future at Trent Bridge despite the club's relegation from Division Two of the County Championship this season."I feel loyalty to the club, as well as myself," says the Nottinghamshire bowler.
The Conservative Party in Cornwall has announced it will not be fielding any candidates in the general election in June, due to the timing of the snap poll in the UK general election on 8 June, which has been called by Prime Minister Theresa May as early as 8 June.
Two women who tried to rescue cats from a house fire in Bournemouth have been taken to hospital after being rescued by neighbours, Dorset Police have said, describing them as "very lucky to be alive" and "very fortunate" not to have been killed.
Hundreds of rugby league fans have turned out for the funeral of former England and Leeds Rhys Jones, who died after collapsing on the pitch during a match earlier this month.Â£150,000 has been raised for the couple's five-month-old twins ahead of the event.
French Prime Minister Manuel Valls has announced a package of financial aid for young people who have been protesting against his labour market reforms, in the wake of a wave of anti-austerity protests in cities across the country this year.The Nuit Debout movement has been dismantled in Paris.
Tributes have been paid to the MP Jo Cox, who has been killed in an assassination attempt in the House of Commons, calling her a "courageous and hardworking" and "a rising star, mother, and wife" in the wake of her death.
The Welsh government is to spend an extra £100m on renting out homes to the private rented sector in the next financial year, the Welsh Government has announced in the Autumn Statement for 2015-16.Â£5.5m will be spent on the sector over the next three years.
Chelsea's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the Champions League suffered a setback as they were knocked out of the competition by Porto in their opening Group F game in Portugal.Â£50m-rated Willian scored twice as they came from behind to win 2-1.
Monty Python star Michael Palin has been awarded a fellowship by the Bafta Film and Television Awards for his contribution to British film and television over the past 50 years.Â£10,000 is to be awarded to him at this year's ceremony in London.
The Prince of Wales urged Tony Blair to consider a culling of badgers where it was "necessary", newly-released letters show, describing the opposition to the idea as "intellectually dishonest" by "the 'badger lobby'.‚¬
A man in his 70s has died following a two-vehicle crash on the M1 motorway in County Armagh, police have said.Drivers are being advised to avoid the area following a crash involving a car and a carriageway lorry.
World chess champion Magnus Carlsen beat Russia's Sergey Karjakin in the "match of the century" between the world's top two chess players, in what was billed as one of the most watched chess matches of all time in the United States, organisers say.
A former Liberal Democrat peer who resigned from the House of Lords to campaign against the party's ex-leader Nick Clegg has donated thousands of pounds to candidates across the political spectrum, it has been claimed by one of his former colleagues in the Commons.Â£600,000 of donations to candidates.
A man has been seriously injured in a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire in which a pick-up truck and a Porsche car were involved, police have said in a new appeal to help find the driver of the second vehicle at the scene of the crash.
Two orphaned baby otters are being cared for in an animal hospital in the UK after being born in a private zoo in the city of Bristol, where they are being nursed back to health by a team of midwife and midwife midwives. Watch the video of their first day of life.
The Welsh Government's auditor general has questioned whether Natural Resources Wales' (NRW) deal with a sawmill operator to buy timber from its forests was lawful and did not involve the provision of state aid, it has been claimed by the National Audit Office (NAO).
Alexandra Palace's theatre and TV studios are to be turned into entertainment venues as part of a £26.7m restoration project, the trust that runs them has announced.Â£1m of lottery funding has been approved.â€‚¬1.5m
St Johnstone manager Tommy Wright insists he is happy at McDiarmid Park, despite speculation linking him with a move away from the club in the wake of the sacking of Danny Swanson and the departure of defender Tam Scobbie to Hamilton Academical.
Donald Trump has accused his Democratic rival Hillary Clinton of being the most abusive politician in the history of politics, calling her a "disgrace to the United States" and saying she should be sent to prison if he wins.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros) in taxes.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton was left frustrated by the decision to award Celtic a stoppage-time free-kick in the 3-3 draw at Ibrox on Saturday."It was a huge decision to give them that one," he said of the refereeing decision.
People have been warned not to eat shellfish from certain parts of Argyll and Bute after high levels of bacteria were found in some molluscs for the first time in a number of years.Â£10,000 worth of shellfish have been removed from sale.
Carlisle United have signed former Oldham Athletic midfielder Mike Jones on a two-year deal.Â£500,000 has been paid in compensation for his release by the Cumbria County boss Keith Curzon Rovers, with an option for a further 12 months.
Burnley midfielder Joey Barton has had his Football Association ban for betting on football extended by six months after winning an appeal against the original ban on his gambling addiction and a fine of £30,000, the Football Association has said in a report to the Court of Arbitration for Sport
A son of a multi-millionaire nightclub tycoon has been jailed for 12 years for the manslaughter of his father at his home in London's West End, Southwark Crown Court has heard, after pleading guilty to manslaughter by reason of loss of control and perverting the course of justice.
A video about a retired police dog retirement home in China has been viewed more than 14 million times on social media in less than a week, with thousands of users calling it a "national hero" and "an inspiration" for the country's police dogs, reports the BBC's Kerry Allen.
Two midwives accused of misconduct over the death of a newborn baby at a hospital where 11 babies and one mother died have denied failing to take a urine sample to test for infection, a misconduct hearing has been told by a nurse and midwifery officer.
A "seizure" of leatherback turtles has been reported off the coast of Wales, conservationists have said, with experts saying the waters around the UK are perfect for the turtles to breed.The largest leatherback turtle in the world has been recorded in Wales for more than 30 years.
An American Airlines flight from Chicago to Miami was forced to make an emergency landing at Chicago's John F Kennedy International Airport after an engine failure, US officials say, leading to the evacuation of all 150 passengers and crew on board and the evacuation by emergency chutes.
Greek Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has said he ordered his finance minister to create a team to work on a "plan of defence" in the event of a national emergency, according to the AP news agency and reports from Athens and the Greek parliament, where he is a member.
London Underground is to close 250 Tube stations in a bid to save £50m over the next five years, with the loss of 897 jobs, the BBC has learned.The number of jobs is to be cut by more than 100.5% with the first two stations set to close.
A man has been charged in connection with a racially-motivated assault in which a woman was left with a fractured skull and a fractured eye socket in a supermarket car park, police have said in a press release to the BBC News NI website and social media.
Germany's Thomas Jung is on course to win the Badminton Horse Trials for the third year in a row after taking a commanding lead into Sunday's showjumping eventing final day in the eventing dressage, cross-country and eventing event.
"I'm going to kill a stranger, so don't be a stranger," screams the lyrics on Everything Everything's new album, Get To Heaven, "and I want to be able to do it myself, and that's a really horrible thing to face."
The Vatican's most senior Roman Catholic cardinal has donated €200,000 (£150,000; $250,000) to a children's hospital after a row over his use of a top-floor flat at the Vatican, a top official has said in a statement to the BBC.
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy are just some of the famous Peanuts characters who have been back on the big screen for the first time in more than 30 years. Watch the full interview with Charlie Brown and Snoopy on Newsround at 11:00 GMT on Friday.
A judge in the US state of Ohio has ruled that two high school footballers accused of raping a teenage girl at a party will stand trial without a jury in a case that has become a national talking point for the state's youth justice system and has attracted national attention.
Nigeria goes to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, with incumbent Goodluck Jonathan and opposition leader Muhammadu Buhari hoping to extend their 15-year rule over the country's oil-rich north-eastern state of Kano.
Essex director of cricket Keith Silverwood says winning the County Championship would be the "holy grail" for his side as they bid to become only the second Division One side to retain the title in their first season back in the top flight of English cricket.
The EU referendum is over, the dust has settled and the dust is starting to settle, but there is still a lot of work to do to ensure that the British people have a fair say in the outcome and that they are not left with a choice between Remain and Leave.
A corn snake has been rescued from a van in Cardiff after it was found in the back of the vehicle by the RSPCA.Â£1,000 worth of corn snakes have been removed from the vehicle and returned to its owner.ÂÂ£2,500 worth of snake oil has been donated to the charity.
New Newport County boss John Sheridan was made to battle for a first win in his first game in charge of the League Two strugglers as Shaun John-Lewis' goal gave them a 1-1 draw at home to Exeter City in the EFL Cup first round.
Exeter cruised into the League Two play-off places with a thumping win over 10-man Crewe Alexandra, who were reduced to 10 men at St James' Park after having a man sent off in the first half at the start of their FA Cup second round replay.
Polish film director Jerzy Wajda has died at the age of 90, his family has confirmed to AFP news agency, after suffering from lung cancer for a number of years.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) has been donated to his foundation.
The Independent newspaper's website may have been infected with malware, according to security experts.Anyone using an old version of Adobe's Flash web browser could be at risk of being infected, they warn.Â£1m worth of ransomware has been installed on the site.
Colombia's Marta Ibarguen won Olympic gold in the women's high jump with a season's best leap of 15.17m in Rio on Sunday.Yulimar Rochas of Venezuela took silver in the final to claim her second gold of the Games.
A medieval weir found on the south coast of England has been dated back more than 1,000 years to a time when saltmarsh was still a part of the landscape, it has been revealed by archaeologists.Â£1.5m worth of fish-catching equipment has been discovered.
"If you want to know what to do with the power of the United States in the Middle East, the best advice to give to a newly-elected president is: "Don't be surprised if you don't like it."For Russia, the result of the US missile strike on Syria was a bitter pill to swallow.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of preparing to support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Syria, the Metropolitan Police has said, after a man was arrested in south-west London on Saturday.Â£20,000 of cash and jewellery has been seized by officers.
A metal detectorist is selling a rare piece of Anglo-Saxon jewellery he found in a Norfolk field for £10,000 after it was declared treasure by an inquest jury, it has been confirmed by the British Museum and the National Trust's Heritage Environment Services.
A health trust has been rated "outstanding" for patient safety and patient care following a second inspection in three months.The trust has said it is a "truly compassionate organisation" after being told it needed to make "significant improvements" to its mental health services.
West Brom defender Ben Foster is a doubt for Saturday's FA Cup semi-final against Arsenal because of an ankle injury. Chris Brunt is back in training after missing last weekend's defeat at Newcastle with a hamstring problem and is expected to be fit for the visit of Arsenal.
England began the Eddie Jones era in charge of the national team with an emphatic victory over South Africa at Twickenham to make it three wins from three in a row in the autumn internationals for the first time in 12 years and extend their unbeaten record under the head coach to nine games.
Comedian Jason Manford has turned to social media to find work for his 80-year-old father, who is struggling to find a job because he is "too old to clean floors at Aldi" and "can't even get a job cleaning floors at a supermarket".
Asbestos sufferers are increasingly turning to the legal system to seek compensation from Highland Council after being diagnosed with asbestos-related cancer, according to a charity which campaigns for better access to the asbestos-free environment.The charity Clydeside Action on Asbestos has said it is seeing a rise in the number of people claiming they were exposed to the material.
The mayor of Liverpool has set out plans to save £90m over the next three years in a bid to balance the books of the city council, which he says will lead to job losses and cuts to frontline services in the city centre and other areas of the council.
Liverpool fans are to be asked to vote on whether they would support the introduction of safe standing at Anfield if the Premier League moves to all-seater stadiums in England's top four divisions in future, the club's supporters' group has confirmed to BBC Radio Liverpool.
A 16-year-old girl who headbutted and punched a police officer in the face at Dundee Sheriff Court has been detained for eight months and given a community payback order for failing to pay back her £500 fine for assaulting a fellow officer.
Tommy Rowe's late goal gave Doncaster a narrow victory over Colchester at the Keepmoat Stadium to move the hosts into the League Two play-off places with three games to go and leave the hosts four points clear at the top of the table.
Britain's Johanna Konta and Jamie Murray both reached the Australian Open semi-finals for the first time in 39 years as they both won their respective semi-final matches in straight sets on Wednesday night at Melbourne Park on the Australian Centre Court in Australia.
French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron has said he will form an alliance with a conservative rival to prevent a run-off against far-right leader Marine Le Pen in the first round of next month's election, French media reports say, as polls suggest the race for second place is tightening.
Karen Gillan is to play the lead role in the new Jumanji film, it has been announced.Â£1.5m film will be released in the UK and Ireland next year, with a release date yet to be confirmed, but it is not yet known.
Great Britain's Hannah Toulson won gold in the women's 3m springboard final at the European Diving Championships ahead of this month's World Championships in the Czech Republic, her first medal of the season so far in the competition and her first since the Rio Olympics.
A man who downloaded child abuse images for "his own strange pleasure" has been given a three-year probation order to help him stop viewing such images in the future, a judge has said.Â£10,000 in fines and a course on sexual offending has been imposed on him.
An exhibition has opened at a Powys castle to mark the centenary of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One's most famous battles.Â£10,000 of war memorabilia has been donated by the National Trust for a new exhibition.ÂÂ£5,000
Police in the US state of Ohio have issued an arrest warrant for a wanted man after he sent them a selfie with himself to help track down his whereabouts, local media report, and the photo was deemed "terrible" by the officer in charge of the case.
A man armed with a machete who attacked two policewomen with the weapon in Belgium has been named by police as a 29-year-old man from the eastern city of Charleroi, who was killed by officers.â€‚¦
UBS has been formally placed under formal investigation in France over allegations of tax evasion and money laundering, officials say.French prosecutors have asked for the names of 353 people suspected of having undeclared Swiss bank accounts to be handed over to the authorities in the country.
Renting in London is "unaffordable" in most areas of the capital, according to a report by the homelessness charity Shelter, which has urged action to tackle the problem in the private rental sector in the capital's "frenzied" rental market.
The number of vacant posts for children's social workers in England has risen by more than 20% in the past year, official figures show, with a sharp rise in the number of agency workers filling vacant posts in some local authority areas of the country, the BBC has learned.
Discount retailer B&M has reported a fall in sales growth for the first three months of the year as it continues to open more stores and win market share.Shares in the company have risen after it reported a rise in profits.Â£1bn-a-year after it floated on the London stock market.
Pharmaceutical giant GlaxoSmithKline (GSK) is to change the way it patents its medicines in the world's poorest countries in a bid to cut the cost of medicines for people in those countries.Â£1bn-worth of drugs will no longer be protected by patents in poorer countries.
The parents of a baby girl who suffered severe health problems following a premature birth have been awarded £5.3m in damages and care costs after a High Court judge ruled the hospital trust responsible for her care should pay her £5m in legal costs and costs.
If you're a fan of The Great British Bake Off, you may have heard of a new addition to the line-up of presenters on this year's show. And now it's time to get ready for your very own version of "Polymathic Adventure".
Ofsted has warned of a "northern powerhouse" of underachievement in some of England's secondary schools - with schools in the North and Midlands at the top of the list of "weak" local authorities in England's education rankings - but says more must be done to tackle the problem.
The independent review into electoral fraud in England and Wales has said it is "very worried" about the number of postal votes left on the ballot papers at some polling stations in some areas of the country at the general election.Â£1.5m has been spent by political parties on postal ballots since the 2015 general election, it has revealed.
Oscar-nominated actor Phoenix Phoenix has said he does not want to be a part of the Academy Awards ceremony, which he says is "the stupidest thing in the whole world" and "the worst-tasting carrot I've ever tasted in my whole life".
A man has admitted killing a man with a single punch during a brawl in Edinburgh city centre after a night out in which a fight broke out following a row over a wind turbine technician's stag party in the city centre on New Year's Eve last year, a court has heard.
Everton manager Roberto Martinez says the FA Cup semi-final defeat at Wembley may have affected the team's focus in the run-in to the end-of-season Premier League play-off final and cost him the chance to stay in charge of the Merseyside club.
Great Britain won their first ever men's 4x200m freestyle relay gold medal at the World Aquatics Championships as they beat the United States in a thrilling final in Kazan, Russia on Friday night to claim their second gold of the event in two days.
A mechanic has been sacked after a customer was left "open-mouthed" when he discovered his car had been secretly filmed being driven at 57mph (97km/h) in a 30mph (48kph) zone while it was being serviced.
Four people have been killed in an attack on a police compound in the western Chinese region of Xinjiang, local officials say, as security forces try to arrest a group of suspected suicide bombers, state media reports say, citing local police and local officials in Xinjiang.
Barclays has reported a third-quarter loss of £560m after paying out £270m to settle claims in the US over mortgage bonds and £290m to compensate clients over bad foreign exchange rates, as it continues to sell off some of its non-core businesses.
The world premiere of the new Disney animation film Minions has taken place in Los Angeles, USA, in the US, with a star-studded cast of stars in attendance for the first time ever to see the film in the big screen. Watch the full premiere here.
US President Donald Trump has said he believes President Barack Obama is "behind" protests against him at Republican town hall meetings and leaks from the White House, calling it "just politics" and "just a political stunt".Â£7.8bn (Â£5.4bn) in federal spending cuts he wants to make.
Fewer than a third of staff at Queen's University, Belfast, are satisfied with the way the institution is run, according to a new survey by the university's director of research and innovation, Dr Paul McDonagh, and the chief executive of its finance and finance department, Dr Peter Dickson.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of carrying out a £20,000 cash-in-transit scam at a supermarket in Manchester, in which he emptied a safe and walked out of the store with cash in his handbag, prompting a police appeal.
Prisoners in England and Wales are being put at risk of self-harm and suicide because of a lack of understanding of mental health, a report has said, calling for a "culture change" in England's jails to help reduce the risk of suicide.
Dan Biggar's decision to sign a new four-year contract with the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) is "fantastic news" for Wales and the Ospreys, says former Wales captain Martyn Williams, who played for the region in the 1990s.
London is one of the UK's busiest shopping centres and one of its busiest markets, but it is not the only place in the capital where people have been celebrating Christmas over the past 170 years.Here are some of the highlights of the city's festive past, as compiled by BBC News.
The Killers' frontman Brandon Flowers talks about his new album, and why he is "not ashamed" of being a rock star - and how he once worked as a bellhop while recording the band's debut record with producer Ariel Rechtshaid, as well as working as a valet.
A teenager who died of leukaemia after being diagnosed with a rare form of the disease has proposed to his girlfriend in a hospital ward where he was being treated for bone marrow cancer (AML) at the time of his death on Monday.Friends and family are urging people to sign up to the Anthony Nolan register.
A leading Australian politician has proposed a four-day working week in a bid to cut down on the number of hours people spend at work and increase the quality of life for many Australians in the workplace, in an attempt to tackle the country's high levels of inequality.
Great Britain's Jack Burnell described the decision to disqualify him from the Olympic men's 100m backstroke final as "a joke" after he finished second to Dutchman Johannes Weertman.Â£10,000-rated Britain's Mark Burnell says the officials were "outrageous" in his disqualification.
Glamorgan captain Jacques Rudolph says the senior players need to "stand up" if they are to recover from a poor start to the County Championship season with a win over Leicestershire on Friday at Cardiff's Principality Stadium on Friday, writes BBC Radio Wales Sport.
US carmaker Ford has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by a strong performance in Europe and a strong start to the year in North America.Shares in the company have risen after it reported a sharp rise in profits.
A man accused of murdering a Metropolitan Police officer has told a court he had no intention of harming the officer before he killed him and dismembered his body and burned it to death in a sex game he had planned to use as a fetish for sadomasochistic sex.
Leeds United managing director David Haigh has resigned from the club's board, two years after Massimo Cellino took over as chairman of Leeds United Football Club's (GFH) majority owners, the Football League has confirmed to BBC Radio Leeds and BBC Radio Yorkshire.
A Kent council is considering raising council tax by more than 2% after being "forced into a corner" by government funding cuts, a councillor has said in a bid to save £500,000 in the next financial year, it has been claimed in a report.
The leader of Spain's Socialists has lost a parliamentary vote of confidence in his bid to form a government, leaving the country in political limbo until June's snap elections are held.Â£1bn-a-year-old Catalonia region is set to be the next target for a Socialist-led coalition after a vote of no confidence.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says his players will be better prepared for next year's Six Nations after suffering a record-equalling third straight defeat by New Zealand in the three-Test series in Dunedin and Auckland, but admits they are "gutted" by the loss.
An ambulance has been involved in a crash with two cars in Lincolnshire, leaving two people, including the two ambulance crew, uninjured, police have said, but a female passenger in one of the vehicles was taken to hospital with "serious injuries" and two others injured.
Poland's Football Minister Stanislaw Pohorecki says his country will pass on lessons learned from Euro 2012 to host the next major tournament, the next European Championship in France in 2020."There is always something you can do a little bit better" for the next tournament, says the country's sports minister.
Scottish Labour leader Willie Rennie has said it is "ridiculous" that Alex Salmond was in Edinburgh to unveil a portrait of himself on the day of First Minister's Questions on the Syria crisis.The SNP has defended the former leader's absence from Westminster.
A new cross-border rail link between the Scottish Borders and Cumbria is "vital" to maximise the region's economic potential, according to a report presented to the Scottish government on Wednesday.Â£1bn should be spent on extending the existing Borders Railway, it has been claimed.
A campaign group has welcomed news that a feasibility study is to be carried out into extending the Hawick to Carlisle railway line to include the Borders Railway Company (CBR) in Hawick area of the proposed extension to allow for more passengers to travel to and from Carlisle.
Technology is changing rapidly, with smartphones, tablets, smart phones and even hearing-aid devices becoming more and more popular with the over-65s - and many of us are keen to get our hands on some of the latest and best-looking gadgets. But what about the rest of us, those who have been with us for a while we've been growing older?
A ferry has collided with the King Edward Pier in the Isle of Man in "significant" gale force winds, the Steam Packet Company has said, but no-one was hurt in the collision.Â£20,000 worth of damage has been caused.
Shane Meadows is to return to Channel 4 to direct a sequel to his award-winning film This is England '86, it has been announced by the broadcaster.Â£1m is to be spent on a new feature length drama set in the 1980s.
Former Foreign Secretary Jack Straw has defended his involvement in a review into the workings of the Freedom of Information Act, saying it is "right to review the operation of the act" in the light of criticism of its use by freedom of information campaigners.Â£1bn-a-year requests for information are to be reviewed.
Ricky Burns lost his WBO world light-middleweight title to Julius Indongo on the judges' scorecards as the Namibian won a unanimous points decision at the Hydro in Glasgow on Saturday to claim the title in his home country for the first time.
A group of Syrian refugees are helping to rebuild dry-stone walls in the Mourne mountains in County Down in a bid to offer peace to refugees displaced by conflict in their home country, as the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg finds out more about their work.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who died in a fire at a flat in Fraserburgh in 2014, almost exactly two years after the blaze was started deliberately, it has been claimed by a neighbour who was later found guilty of attempted murder.
Police investigating an attempted abduction at an RAF base have said a sighting of a man in Colchester is not one of the suspects they want to speak to in connection with the alleged incident in which a serviceman was threatened with a knife at knifepoint.
North Korea has failed in its latest attempt to launch a mid-range missile, South Korean officials say, amid growing tension with the US over its nuclear and missile programmes and the South Korean military exercises with the North.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, EPA and Reuters
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have called for "significant work" to be done to ensure "public confidence" in the Scottish government's budget process and wider financial scrutiny of local government finances after new tax powers are introduced next month, it has been claimed.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has launched what it says will be the world's first "super-fast" Earth observation and data relay network, capable of providing real-time information about the Earth.Â£1bn worth of data will be sent back to the ground within 20 minutes.
Catalans Dragons suffered their second Super League defeat of the season as they were thrashed by Hull FC at the Stade Gilbert Brutus in the opening game of the 2017 Super 8s Super League season on Saturday.Â£1.5m-rated Hull FC remain top of the table after beating the Dragons.
The next round of public consultation on plans to build up to 1,000 homes on greenbelt land in Greater Manchester has been delayed by more than a year, the BBC has learned from the mayor's office.A "radical rewrite" of the plans is being carried out.
Soldiers issued with a new type of body armour system for the British Army have complained that it is too heavy, too tight and too easy to get out of the way when they go to ground with it, the BBC has learned.The Ministry of Defence has said it is working with the supplier to address the issue.
Leicester City have signed former Stoke City striker Josh Gordon on loan from non-league side Stafford Rangers until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the King Power Stadium in the summer of 2018.Â£100,000 will be paid to the player's parent club.
A group of children dressed as "elves" have been attacked by a gang of youths who threatened them with an airgun and punched one of their performers in the stomach, their manager has said, adding they may not return to the town they perform in next year.
A planned march by former soldiers to protest against alleged miscarriages of justice in the Troubles is to be held in a different part of Northern Ireland after it was cancelled last week due to fears of a protest by relatives of victims of the Bloody Sunday killings.Â£10,000 of public money has been raised for a new venue.
Former England and Chelsea defender Paul Le Saux says it is up to football to "face the demons" of homophobia and support gay players who want to play in the game, rather than stifle their ambitions to become professional footballers in England and Wales, as he did in Jersey.
Archaeologists have uncovered the remains of an Iron Age town in Dorset, believed to be the oldest open settlement in the UK outside of the Roman era, it has been claimed by researchers.Â£1m worth of pottery, jewellery and other artefacts have been discovered.
A charity has said it has been "overwhelmed" by the number of deaf people looking for work in Wales who need specialist help to find a job, with no support in the rest of the country for deaf people with a disability or loss of hearing.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho wants to make changes to his squad before the transfer window closes at the end of the season, BBC Sport has learned from a source close to the club's management team that he is keen to sell high-profile players before the window closes in January.
Labour's tax plans could raise more than twice as much as the SNP's, according to a new analysis of the Holyrood parties' plans for the next Scottish Parliament election campaign in May 2017, a think-tank has said.Â£1.2bn could be raised by the next Labour government, it has claimed.
Japanese camera-maker Fujifilm has pleaded guilty in a Tokyo court to hiding losses of more than $2bn (£1.8bn) in a financial scandal that led to the departure of its British chief executive, Mark Woodford, from the firm.
The trial of three journalists accused of collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood has been adjourned until August, a court in Cairo has been told by the Egyptian authorities, Egyptian media reports say, citing health and security reasons.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) has been raised in bail.
A 16-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a teenager was stabbed to death in a "cowardly" street attack in east London in the early hours of the morning, the Met Police has said, calling it a "brutal" attack.
Saracens lock Alex Kruis has returned to England's training squad for the first time since suffering a knee injury in November.England's autumn internationals against Australia and Argentina.Â£1m-rated lock George Ford has been named in the squad for Saturday's second Test against Argentina.
A deadly outbreak of dengue fever has killed at least 11 people in Burkina Faso, the World Health Organization says, with more than 1,000 suspected cases in the country so far this year, and more than 2,000 cases since the outbreak was reported.
Plans to build a visitor centre to mark the 350th anniversary of the Battle of Naseby have been given a boost after a lottery grant of almost £9,000 was awarded to the project.Â£9,900 has been awarded to help fund a study of the site.
Nottingham Forest have signed Greece Under-21 midfielder Apostolos Bouchalakis on a four-year deal after he impressed in pre-season friendlies with the Championship club and the club's parent club, Middlesbrough, for an undisclosed fee, BBC Radio Nottingham reports.
At least 30 civilians have been killed in an air strike by the US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in eastern Syria, a monitoring group and a local website say.There is no official confirmation of the attack, but it is believed to have targeted a village near Deir al-Zour.
A music teacher from County Londonderry has been named as the BBC's Unsung Hero for this year's BBC Music Day, which aims to celebrate the power of music to unite people across the UK and bring communities together in celebration of the power and beauty of music.
A hospital is recruiting nurses from overseas to fill a shortfall of more than 80 posts left by the end of the year, it has been revealed, after staff agreed to work extra hours to keep an in-patients ward open in a bid to save it from closure.
An Israeli policeman has been killed and another injured in a car attack by a Palestinian driver in the occupied West Bank, Israel's military says, in what is believed to be the latest in a series of similar attacks by the Palestinian militant group Hamas in recent months.
Conor McGregor says he will "knock out" Floyd Mayweather "in four rounds" in their super-fight on 26 August, but the five-weight world champion says he is "good to go" with the "frenzied" Irishman.
David Cameron's decision to reveal details of his tax affairs has triggered a tax "shock and awe" that will reverberate for many years to come, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen, who has been following the story of the Prime Minister's family's tax affairs since he took office.
Hundreds of people have attended a service to switch on a church's floodlight system, more than two years after it was damaged in a storm that led to the loss of two floodlights in the town.Â£2,000 worth of floodlights have been returned to the church.
The US has charged seven Iranians with hacking into US computer networks in a series of high-profile cyber-attacks that cost the US economy more than $100m (Â£65m) in losses.The US says the attacks were carried out to undermine US national security and economic well-being.
Shrewsbury Town have signed teenage Brighton & Hove Albion youngster George Roberts on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer, subject to a medical and a work permit for the 18-year-old.
Swansea University has announced plans to revamp one of its main buildings with a new look and make it more "vibrant" and "professional" for students and staff to work in and vice chancellors to live in and students to study in.
A record number of workers are saving into their workplace pension pots, but there are still "significant challenges" ahead, the Pensions Regulator has warned, as it looks to increase the amount employers contribute to the pension pot over the next few years.Â£1.5bn is set to be spent on the system by 2020, it has been announced.
A man has admitted starting a fire which destroyed part of a seaside resort in Devon "for fun" but has been given a suspended prison sentence.Â£1.5m of damage caused by the blaze was caused by a small piece of wallpaper, a court heard.
League One side Fleetwood Town have signed Swindon midfielder George Burns on loan from Championship side Bristol City until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m deal could be in the region of £2m if the player impresses.
Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff has said the Olympic flame will be lit in Rio de Janeiro on 5 August next year, as she launched the country's bid to host the 2016 Games in the world's biggest sporting event, in her first official appearance since taking office.
Pakistan has condemned a US drone strike in the north-west of the country that is reported to have killed at least 14 people, most of them militants from the militant Haqqani network, and injured at least six others.The Pakistani government has said the attack was "unacceptable".
A new memorial has been unveiled in the Scottish town where Scotland's most famous detective was born in 1848 to mark the 150th anniversary of his death in a nursing home in Thurso, where he worked as a police officer for more than 20 years.Â£10,000 has been raised for the family of the man who led the hunt for Jack the Ripper.
Two nurses who falsified patients' blood glucose levels on a hospital ward have been jailed for a total of 12 months for wilful neglect of vulnerable patients and the families of those they failed to treat, a court has been told in a written apology to their victims.
A judge in Brazil has lifted a temporary ban on building work on a controversial hydro-electric dam project in the Amazon region of Amazonia, which is set to be the world's third-largest in terms of power and energy capacity after China and Paraguay.
The RSPB has said it is "extremely concerned" about the number of little terns nesting at Sea Palling, Norfolk, after a 30% drop in numbers in the past two years, compared to the same time last year.Â£1m investment has been made to protect the birds from extinction.
A baby pine marten has been born in mid Wales for the first time in two years, a conservation charity has said, in what is believed to be the first such birth in the UK since the animals were reintroduced to the UK in the 1990s.
A Scottish woman who was jailed in Peru for trying to smuggle drugs worth millions of pounds into the UK has arrived back in Glasgow after being deported from the South American country on a flight from South America's largest city, Lima, with her father, it has emerged.
The government is to launch a campaign to encourage people to sign up to a workplace pension scheme, with the help of a pig-like mascot.Â£1.5m of funding from the Pensions regulator, The Pensions Regulator, is to be used in the campaign.
A man accused of murdering his partner and dumping her body in a cesspit told a nurse he had "thought about jumping off a cliff" while visiting a holiday cottage in Kent, a court has been told, as he went on trial for her murder and other offences.
The Royal Opera House in London was evacuated after a fire alarm went off during a performance of Donizetti's La Boheme, prompting a crowd to gather outside the theatre in full costume to watch the show.Â£10,000 worth of fireworks were thrown into the air in the air.
Tributes have been paid to Dr John Hinds, one of Northern Ireland's leading trauma experts, who has died in a motorbike accident in the Republic of Ireland while working as an emergency medical officer (EME) at a race track in County Antrim.
Brendan Foley was a man of few words, but he had a few, and they were some of the most important words of his life that you would have been hard pressed to find in any other sportsman's autobiography to find a better description of him than this.
Ofcom, the UK's telecoms regulator, has released an app to help people check if their home wi-fi is working properly as part of a report on the state of UK's broadband networks and mobile networks, which it says is a "critical" issue.
Graeme McDowell's hopes of winning his first European Tour title ended with a final round of three-over-par 72 at the Swedish Open in Stockholm.Padraig Harrington shot a final-round level-par 73 to finish in a tie for fourth place.
Surgeons in Wales are trialling 3D bio-printing as a way to reconstruct body parts such as bone, muscle and vessels, a team of plastic surgeons has said in a new study published in the journal Nanoscale Plastic Surgery.com.
Palau, a group of islands in the South Pacific Ocean, is home to some of the world's most spectacular natural beauty spots, and is one of the few remaining former French Polynesian archipelago nations to be independent from the United States (US-controlled).
AC Milan came from behind to draw with Napoli and move level on points with Serie A leaders Juventus at the top of the table after a draw at the Stadio Olimpico on Saturday night, with both teams having a player sent off in the second half.
Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars have added five writers to the credits of their hit Uptown Funk in the wake of the Blurred Lines court case, according to US media reports, which saw the band The Gap Band get a songwriting credit for their version of the track.
Chinese President Xi Jinping has called for "more understanding and trust" between his country and the US, saying it would be a "disaster" for both countries if the two countries go to war over economic and cyber security issues in the coming days, writes the BBC's James Cook.
An MP has been accused of being a hypocrite for opening a pop-up shop selling Coca-Cola in Leicester to encourage people to buy the drink, a local councillor has said, amid concerns about the marketing of the company's high-sugar products.
A police unit has been criticised for failing to properly investigate a rape allegation against a father who went on to kill his two children, the police watchdog has said in a new report into the force's handling of sexual assault cases in England and Wales in the past five years.
A British man has been found dead in Myanmar (also known as Burma) after apparently being stabbed to death, his wife has told his British colleagues in the UK, the Foreign Office has confirmed to BBC Newsnight's Panorama news programme in Yangon, the BBC understands.
More than 1,800 Palestinians have been killed in the six-month conflict between Israel and militants in and around the Gaza Strip, according to the UN's human rights agency, with more than 3,000 killed so far.Some 2,000 Palestinians have died in the conflict.
Great Britain's sporting success at the London 2012 Olympics was the most impressive in the history of the Games, but it was not enough to secure every medal it needed to win the gold medal it was aiming for in the event of a medal haul of more than 50.
The launch of a new telephone system for NHS 24 in England has been delayed for the second time in 18 months, the organisation has said.A national roll-out of the new technology will now be delayed until 2017, NHS 24 has said in a statement.
A man has died and another is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Birmingham in the early hours of the morning, police have said, with one of them thought to be the victim of a hit-and-run crash in the city.
If you're in the North West, you may find it hard to believe it's almost time for the general election campaign to get under way, but it is - if you like the sound of that - there's bad news and there's good news, both of which are good news.
A new water tariff aimed at helping families struggling to pay their bills has been launched by the Welsh Water company, which says it will invest £170m over the next three years in infrastructure and projects to improve access and save money for its customers' pocket books, it has announced.
Aston Villa boss Remi Garde has been linked with a return to the starting line-up for Saturday's trip to Manchester United, reports BBC Radio Derby and BBC Radio Stoke on Monday morning, while Aston Villa's Joleon Lescott has told a fan to come to the training ground to meet him.
Premiership champions Saracens have signed hooker Dave Porecki on a short-term deal ahead of the 2016-17 season.Â£10,000-a-week contract will be offered to the player by the Premiership club until the end of the season.
The Archbishop of Dublin, Eamon Martin, has said he feels "awful" about the discovery of human remains at a former mother-and-baby home and called for an apology from the Catholic Church in Ireland and the rest of the world over its role in the issue.
A man involved in the Hatton Garden jewellery raid offered to hand over a smaller stash of stolen goods to police if he was allowed access to the larger £14m haul, a court has heard, a jury has been told in the trial of four men accused of involvement.
Sewage workers in London have released a Christmas song in a bid to highlight the problem of fat clogging up the city's sewers during the festive season.Thames Water has urged people not to throw turkey fat down the drain as it is a "no-no".
Valve, the company that runs the popular PC gaming service Steam, has announced a major overhaul of the way games are developed and published on the service, in an attempt to make it easier for developers to get their titles on to the service without having to spend money to get them on.
An Iranian court has sentenced a US citizen to 10 years in prison for spying for the US government, state media report, in the latest in a series of high-profile spying cases in the capital, Tehran, to be reported in the media this year.The US says it is "outraged" by the sentence.
Former celebrity publicist Max Clifford Clifford told police he "gyrated around" when he was questioned about an allegation of indecent assault against him, a court has been told as the trial of his alleged victim got under way in London on Friday.Â£100,000 trial of Max Clifford has been adjourned.
A new species of thrush has been discovered in the Himalayas of northern India, but it is physically and genetically very different from its closest relatives in the forests, according to a new analysis of the birds' songs and songs.Â© Per Alström.
Floyd Mayweather and Conor McGregor traded insults on stage in the build-up to their super-fight in Las Vegas next month, with the Irishman calling the American a "schoolboy" and "wearing a school bag" on the eve of the bout.
A man has admitted attacking a man with a baseball bat and a piece of wood during a break-in at his home in South Lanarkshire, leaving him in a life-threatening condition in the back bedroom of the flat he broke into in the early hours of the morning.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Lewis-Francis has been left out of Great Britain's four-man bobsleigh squad for this month's World Championships in Austria after failing to make the final cut for the first time since taking up the sport.
Two men who died in an explosion at a paint-spraying booth factory had been standing in for their sick father, an inquest has heard, a jury has been told at a jury inquest into their deaths on the deaths of two men.Â£1m was paid for the equipment used in the factory.
A 19th Century cottage that inspired John Fowles's novel The French Lieutenant's Woman is to open to the public for the first time in more than 50 years after it was restored to its former glory.Â£1.5m has been invested in its restoration.
Teenager Ben Woodburn became the youngest player to score in an EFL Cup quarter-final as Liverpool beat Leeds United to set up a semi-final tie with Manchester United or Manchester City at Wembley on Wednesday, beating Michael Owen's all-time record of 13 years.
West Ham have been told to make public the terms of their deal to rent the Olympic Stadium from the taxpayer, after a Freedom of Information request by supporters' groups.The club have said they will not be making a profit from the deal.Â£2.5m a year will be paid to the taxpayer for renting the stadium.
The Prince of Wales has warned that "evil persecution" of Christians is "beyond all belief" in the world of politics and that it is "deeply distressing" to be living in a world where it is possible to drive Christians out of some parts of the world.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan has announced plans to introduce a new national funding formula for England's schools, with more money going to schools in high-cost areas and more money for those with high levels of deprivation and special educational needs, as part of a shake-up of the system.
In his Budget, the chancellor, George Osborne, announced that he would be bringing forward the introduction of tax changes that would cost the taxpayer an extra £1.5bn a year by the end of the parliament in 2020-21, rather than the £1bn he had promised to do so during the election campaign.
When I first met Henry Blofeld on the set of the BBC's Test Match Specials (TMS), I was taken aback by the warmth and generosity with which he poured out of him on the airwaves, the generosity of spirit and the warmth of his character.
Real Madrid moved up to third in La Liga with a comfortable win over Real Sociedad, who had a man sent off for the second time in three games this season, to move level on points with second-placed Atletico Madrid at the top of the table.
Pakistan's most populous province has become the first in the country to allow Hindus to register their marriages for the first time, in a move hailed as a victory for religious minorities.Â£1bn-a-year campaign has been launched to get a law recognising Hindu marriage rights.
Harlequins have signed French fly-half Demetri Catrakilis from Stade Francais for the 2017-18 Premiership season, subject to a work permit and a medical, the Premiership club have confirmed to BBC Radio London Sport on Friday.
Thousands of people living near a volcano in Guatemala have been told to leave their homes after it started erupting for the second day in a row.The authorities are considering evacuating 3,000 people from nearby villages.Â£1.5m (1.6bn; $1.8bn) worth of bonds have been put on hold.
Scientists have developed a blood test that can tell how quickly your body is ageing, based on the activity of genes in your cells, rather than the time you spend sitting on the sofa at the age of 25 or even 65-years-old, research suggests.
A woman from Gwynedd who was caught up in the Manchester bomb attack was "lucky to be alive" after a piece of metal was lodged in her nose, her husband has said, adding her mobile phone "probably saved her life" in the attack.
Russia has blamed Turkey for a Russian air strike on the rebel-held town of al-Bab in northern Syria that killed six of its soldiers on Thursday, saying it was a "miscalculation" by the Turkish military to locate them in the area.
A plan to reorganise the NHS in Merseyside and Cheshire has been criticised by a council chief.A senior councillor has said he will not support a plan to "reorganise" the health service in the region, saying it is "untransparent".
Two fishing boats have been rescued off the coast of Devon amid fears of a diesel spillage after they ran aground in high winds and heavy rain on Thursday night and early on Friday morning, the fire service has said, but only five litres have escaped so far.
A woman has died in a fire at a house in the Scottish Borders, police have said, but it is not believed to have been caused by an act of suspicious circumstances at this stage.Â£20,000 worth of damage caused by the blaze.â€¦
Passengers stranded on a South West Trains train for more than four hours say they had to be escorted off by police after being told they had trespassed on to the track by security staff and were being evicted from the station.A pregnant woman was given a "piggy back" off the train and helped to walk across the track.
Four ex-soldiers and a former police officer have been jailed for conspiring to import guns and drugs into the UK from France in a plot to "kill or maim" serious criminals, a judge has said, describing it as a "carefully planned enterprise".
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a woman who accused him of poisoning her son, who he claimed was possessed by a witch from the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Old Bailey has heard, after a three-day trial in central London.
In our series of letters from the World Economic Forum, Alan Woodward, a professor of computing and forensic computing at the University of Surrey, looks at why small businesses are so vulnerable to cyber-security threats and how they can be helped to protect their intellectual property.
Retailer BHS is set to cut pensions for thousands of workers in Merthyr Tydfil as part of a deal to offload its £500m pension scheme into the Public Pension Fund (PPF), the BBC has learned from the BBC Wales website.
A man in his 30s has died following an incident in Dublin city centre in which he was struck by a car.Gardaí (Irish police) are investigating the death of a man who was found with serious head injuries in the area.â€¦
Two women have died and two others have been injured in a two-car crash on the A7 in Aberdeenshire which closed the road for more than six hours after the crash.Police have appealed for information from motorists who witnessed the collision to come forward.
The Irish Foreign Minister, Simon Coveney, told the BBC on Tuesday that the UK and Irish governments should be able to work together in the event of a hard border between the two countries post-Brexit, but that there was no need for a hard line on the issue.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has called on UK politicians to ensure businesses are given certainty about the UK's exit from the European Union after Thursday's High Court ruling on the Brexit process was not a "game-changer" for the UK economy.
Scientists have developed a 3D-printed cartilage that could be used to replace damaged cartilage in the body, in a study that has been carried out on mice.Â£1.5m worth of cartilage could be implanted in humans, scientists say.
A businessman has bought Cleethorpes Pier in North East Lincolnshire and said he plans to turn it into a community-owned venue for weddings, conferences and tearooms to help it "thrive and thrive" after it was put back on the market.
"It was a Monday morning in 1986," says Mark Haynes, "and I was on the floor of the London Stock Exchange, and there was no-one there," he says, "except for a few jobbers who had gone home for the day."
League Two side Braintree Town have signed midfielder Bobson from Crawley Town on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.Â£500,000 has been paid in compensation for his release by the League Two club, with the option of a further 12 months.
Durham and Newcastle universities have returned to the River Tyne and Wear for the first time in more than a decade for the annual inter-collegiate rowing race.Â£10,000 prize money will be awarded to the winner of this year's event.
The Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov and other warships are sailing through the English Channel as part of a major military operation in the Mediterranean, the Ministry of Defence has said, amid growing tension between the two countries over the conflict in Syria and its bombing campaign in the region.
All images subject to copyright - National Geographic France and Dronestagram / Dronedagr.com/Dronestagr/Drayton.com / Getty Images/Dryden.com (all rights reserved) - unless otherwise stated in copyright.
West Ham have signed striker Emmanuel Emenike from Turkish side Fenerbahce on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee."I am happy and excited" said the striker after signing for the Premier League club on a season-long loan from Turkish top-flight club Besiktas.
Thieves used a dumper truck to smash through the front doors of a bank and steal a cash machine before fleeing with a large sum of money in the back of the vehicle.Police are hunting for the thieves who made off with the cash machine in the early hours.
Wales and England will meet in the last 16 of the China Championship for the first time since 2009 when the tournament gets under way on Friday.Â£1.5m in prize money will be awarded to the winners and runners-up in each of the four groups.
The mother of a teenager who died in a car crash in the Highlands has paid tribute to her "gorgeous girl" saying she is "heartbroken" and "devastated" by her daughter's untimely death."Rest in peace Toots."
Sweden's Henrik Stenson won his first European Tour title with a one-shot victory at the BMW PGA Championship in Carmel, Indiana, in the United States on Sunday.Â£1.6m was the Swede's prize money after a strong final round.
French prosecutors say they have identified the body of one of the 150 people on board the Germanwings plane that crashed in the French Alps on 15 March, killing all 150 on board. However, they have not yet confirmed the identity of the co-pilot who is believed to have deliberately crashed it.
Botswana has detained US pastor James Anderson, who was taking part in a radio show on the country's main station, saying homosexuals should be killed, local media reports say, citing the president of the country as the reason for his arrest on Monday.The pastor has left the country voluntarily.
Scarlets will not rush the return of Wales full-back Liam Williams from injury as they prepare to face Zebre in the Pro12 on Saturday, despite speculation linking him with a move to Toulon in the summer, says the region's head coach.
Maidenhead United are not the first club to call on former Blackburn Rovers striker Jamie Campbell, but they are the only one to offer him the chance to rediscover his love for the game after his career was tarnished by a match-fixing scandal.
Plans to merge railway policing into Police Scotland have been tabled at Holyrood, despite warnings of "massive transition issues" in the event of the move being approved.The Scottish government has been accused of "cutting ties with anything that happens to include the name Britain".
The Northern Ireland Secretary, Theresa Villiers, has announced that the Stormont Executive is to borrow £700m to pay off the redundancy of up to 20,000 public sector workers by the end of the financial year, but will not be able to do so without welfare reform.
Ross County have re-signed midfielder Jim O'Brien on a permanent deal after his loan spell at the club last season came to an end at the end of last season, with the player having a year left on his current deal at Pittodrie by mutual consent.
Maria Sharapova may be the world's most famous tennis player, but she does not know who David Beckham or Sachin Tendulkar were watching her at Wimbledon on Monday.Â€€‚¬3.5m (Â£2.6m)
Police are investigating allegations of sexual and physical abuse against four boys at a residential home for vulnerable children..com.com has been launched.com in connection with the alleged abuse of two boys at the home in the 1980s and 90s and early 90s.
The National Assembly for Wales should be renamed the Welsh Parliament, First Minister Carwyn Jones is to suggest to AMs in a bid to change the institution's name, a senior Labour AM will say next week.The Welsh Government has said it is "not required" to change what it calls itself.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has described David Cameron's first meeting as prime minister as "emotional" and "dignified" as he reflected on his time in Downing Street. "It was quite emotional," he told me as he prepared to meet the new leader.
A university's bid for public funding to build a new creative hub for S4C in Carmarthenshire has been recommended for rejection by a Welsh Government panel, BBC Wales has learned, amid concerns it could cost the local economy £11m a year.
One of the UK's rarest bee breeds has been found to be more resistant to a deadly mite disease than any other species, according to a zoo in Devon.Â£1.5m worth of bees have been saved from extinction in the UK, scientists say.
A council has been offered a deal to settle a long-running legal dispute over plans for a controversial new £100m mosque in the centre of a West Midlands town where the English Defence League (EDL) has claimed a "patriotic" presence.
French police have arrested three people in connection with the robbery of Kim Kardashian West, the sister of reality TV star Kim Kardashian, in Paris last year, reports say.Â£1m worth of jewellery was stolen in the raid on her sister's Paris flat, police say.
It is hard to forget the first time we stood in the long queue outside a bookshop and listened to Muhammad Ali tell the story of his life, but it was a moment that will live forever in our minds.Â£1.5m worth of books have been written about Muhammad Ali's life.
Former Leeds Rhinos and England hooker Tony Smith is one of a handful of rugby league stars who have made a second career switch to rugby union, but why is he so keen to make his mark in both codes at such a young age, and why does he want to do it again?
Five people have been arrested in Lebanon in connection with the alleged abduction of two Australian children from their father in a so-called "recovery" operation, Lebanese media report, citing a judge in the case as a "kidnapping attempt" by their mother.
Scientists at Swansea University have developed computers that can identify cancer cells more accurately than ever before.Researchers say they have developed a new method for finding the cells in previously unseen samples.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured for a new research project to develop them.
Bristol have re-signed former Leinsterback-row forward Tom Harris-Wright on a deal until the end of the season, with the option of a further 12 months on the deal if he is released by the Championship club in the summer.
A lorry driver has been jailed for three years for causing the deaths of a couple when he failed to brake for a red light and ploughed into a car in Bedfordshire, a court has heard, leaving the victims in a critical condition in hospital.
The number of new house enquiries in the UK fell by more than 20% in April, according to a surveyors' group, the biggest fall since the financial crisis in 2008.Rising stamp duty and uncertainty were the main reasons for the fall, it has been reported.
Nigeria's new President Muhammadu Buhari has vowed to tackle corruption in his first 100 days in office, saying "the days of impunity and lack of accountability are over" in the oil-rich country, which has one of Africa's biggest economies.
Scarlets fly-half James Davies has apologised for his behaviour during Sunday's European Champions Cup quarter-final defeat by Toulon in Toulouse, saying he "lost his composure and said and did things I deeply regret". He said he "deeply regrets" his actions.
Children's author Helen Bailey may have drowned before her body was dumped in a cesspit, a court has been told by a pathologist who carried out post-mortem tests on the author's pet dog at the time she was found dead in a garage.The jury in the trial of her alleged killer has been sent home for the day.
Britain's Tom Daley won silver in the men's synchronised 10m platform final at the World Aquatics Championships in Shanghai, China on Sunday night to claim his second medal of the event so far in his career and boost his hopes of a place at Rio 2016.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in County Tyrone have been approved by the county council, with the first being on the site of a former school in Connah's Quay, near Londonderry, which has been earmarked for demolition.
Rock star David Bowie has died at the age of 69 after an 18-month battle with cancer, his publicist has confirmed to BBC Radio 4's Today programme.Â£1.5m has been donated to the National Suicide Prevention Fund (SSPF).
Olam International, the world's biggest palm oil trader, has been accused of fuelling haze caused by illegal deforestation in Indonesia and other parts of South East Asia, as well as illegal land clearing in Gabon and South Africa, according to a new report.
The shadow Advocate General for Scotland has been accused of "regurgitating China's propaganda on Tibet" after he was caught on camera apparently praising Beijing's economic policies at a conference in Lhasa, the BBC has learned from Chinese state-run media and the Free Tibet campaign group.
A rare species of shark has been found off the coast of County Antrim in the Republic of Ireland, the Marine Conservation Society (MCS) has confirmed to BBC Cymru.org.au.au (see www.mascot.gov.uk).
Scientists say they have a new theory for why global temperatures have been slowing down or even stopped rising for the past 15 years, and could continue to do so for another 10 years, at least until the end of the next decade-long period of record-breaking global warming.
The transfer window is about to close, but how do you get the best deal for your player when it comes down to the final day of the season and what are some of the tricks of the trade that you can use to get your hands on the player you want?
A council has been ordered to pay compensation to a family whose home was destroyed by a landslip after it failed to "properly plan and adequately manage" its response to the incident.Â£5,000 compensation has been awarded after a report found the council had not properly planned and managed the landslip.
Alexis Sanchez scored twice as Arsenal beat 10-man Hull City to end a run of two successive Premier League defeats for the first time this season and move up to third in the table with a win at the Emirates Stadium, despite having a man sent off in the first half.
Convicted child sex offenders are still using Facebook to groom children despite being banned from the social network, a BBC investigation has found - despite warnings from victims' families and the authorities about the dangers posed by some of the site's most prolific paedophiles.
Aaron Ramsey scored twice as Arsenal secured a fourth-place finish in the Premier League with victory at Norwich, who were relegated from the top flight for the first time in their history after losing at Carrow Road End Park on the final day of the season to the Gunners.
Derbyshire director of cricket Steve Barnett has been appointed as the county's new director of elite performance for the 2017 season following a review of the club's coaching structure.Â£500,000 of savings will be made by the new structure, says Derbyshire.
Australia captain Steve Smith says he would have picked Keaton Jennings for the final Test against South Africa if he had been in charge of England's selection for next month's Ashes series against the world's top-ranked Test nation, but believes the opening batsman should be dropped.
Regulators are to investigate whether to ban 10 former HBOS senior managers from banking, following criticism of the Bank of England's handling of the collapse of the banking giant during the financial crisis of 2008-2009.Â£1bn-worth of fines and bans have already been imposed on HBOS executives, it has emerged.
NHS Lothian has said it is investigating after a cleaner at an Edinburgh hospital contacted a woman on Facebook while she was being treated for a hand injury, claiming he had been "checking her out" on the social networking site while her name was on the computer.
The number of people killed in clashes between government troops and Islamist militants in the Philippine city of Marawi has fallen by more than 70% since the military declared martial law last week, military officials say, but the death toll is still rising as fighting rages on.
The RMT union has accused Southern of "targeted harassment" after it took out newspaper adverts urging people to contact the union on social media in a row over the RMT's planned strike action on the Southern rail network in October and the next one in November.
Five people have been arrested after a laser pen was allegedly shone into the eyes of a pilot as he made an approach to Edinburgh Airport on Saturday night, police have said in a press release from the Scottish Police Service of Scotland (SPS).Â£1,000 fine has been issued for the offence.
A man who raped a woman in a Cardiff park has lost an appeal against his 12-year jail sentence after judges rejected his bid for an extra 28 days for wasting court time and wasting the Court of Appeal's hearing time by wasting time on his own case.
Derbyshire have extended the contracts of Shiv Thakor and Shiv Godleman, both of whom have both signed new deals with the county until the end of the 2018 season, with the option of a further 12 months if they are released by mutual consent.
Two Polish police officers have arrived in the town where a Polish man was beaten to death by a group of men who said they did not trust English police following the Brexit vote.Â£10,000 of community support funding has been given to the force by the Home Office.
It's that time of year again - the Australian summer holidays are over, and expats across the country are gearing up to vote in the EU referendum on whether the UK should remain in or leave the European Union (EU) - but what are the implications for Australians living Down Under?
An athletics club has been told it will not be able to train in Windsor Great Park for the next two years because it is too dark for it to be safe for children to run on the grass pitch used by Mo Farah and other elite athletes to do so.
Jessie J is to play four more dates at Wembley Stadium Wembley, making her the first artist to play the venue four times in a single year, it has been announced. Click here to find out more about the tour dates she will be playing there next year.
Castleford Tigers moved level on points with Super League leaders Huddersfield at the top of the table with victory over Leigh Centurions, thanks to a hat-trick of tries from record try-scorer Matty Eden at the KCOM Stadium.
The number of plastic carrier bags thrown away in England has gone up by more than 50 million in the last three years, according to government figures.From October, people in England will have to pay 5p for their carrier bags, in a bid to encourage people to reuse them.
The National Guard has been deployed to the streets of the US city of Ferguson, Missouri, in response to protests over the killing of an unarmed black man by police in the city on Wednesday night, reports the BBC's Mark Fessy in Ferguson, Kentucky, on Thursday.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Belfast Pride parade as part of the city's annual celebration of lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and intersex (LGBT) communities.Â£1.5m worth of prizes have been awarded at this year's event.
The UN-backed tribunal investigating the killing of former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri has opened its first hearing in The Hague, with the trial of a Lebanese TV presenter at the centre of the case against her and five other witnesses set to begin on Friday.
Boris Johnson is one of the UK's most colourful and colourful politicians, and now he is about to become the country's next prime minister - but who is he and what does his stance on the EU mean for the rest of the world's political establishment?
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius is unlikely to be released from prison before he appeals against his conviction for the murder of his girlfriend, his lawyer has said, adding that a final parole ruling is likely to be delayed until next month at the earliest, BBC South Africa reports.
The family of a 17-year-old boy who was left paralysed after falling from a bridge in Rhondda Cynon Taff have told Newsbeat he is "lucky to have survived and carry on with his life" after being targeted by bullies for five years.
South Sudanese musicians are calling on the warring sides in the country's civil war to "forgiveness each other" in a new song, in an effort to end the conflict in the world's newest state and bring peace to the troubled nation's oil-rich north-east.
The Oscar-nominated director Armando Babenco, whose 1987 film Kiss of the Spider Woman was nominated for best picture at the Oscars, has died in Brazil at the age of 83.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) has been paid for his funeral.
Researchers in the UK and Switzerland have developed a robot that can build its own "children" - and they're getting better every time they are put together, according to a new study published in the journal PLOS One, it has been described as "the first of its kind".
A charity shop has been given bags of clothes by Ed Sheeran after the singer donated them to three of his local shops to raise money for children's hospices and a family carers' charity, it has been revealed, after a campaign by the singer.
A Tanzanian politician has sparked a row on social media after saying he would ban homosexuals from entering the country if he became health minister because of fears they were spreading homosexuality on the internet and spreading HIV/Aids in the country through the media and through social media.
A man has died after getting into difficulty while swimming in the River Leith in Edinburgh, it has been confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website.Police are treating his death as "unexplained" and are treating it as "preliminary enquiries are ongoing".
Krystian Pearce was sent off for Mansfield as they beat 10-man Dagenham & Redbridge, who remain bottom of the League Two table, despite being reduced to 10 men at the end of the first half at the Proact Stadium.
Eight people have been arrested after a mass pitch invasion at a football match, police have said, leading to an investigation by the Football Association and English football's governing body, the EFL, and the police chief of the Northamptonshire force, Supt Chris Hillery.
A man has been jailed for life for murdering his sister in a "horror movie-style arson attack which left her with horrific burns to her face and neck and body.Â£1m worth of damage to the family home, a court has heard, including the death of their dog.
Two men have been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was hit by a car in Rotherham in the early hours of the morning of the day after a disturbance in the area.Police have said they are treating the death as "unexplained".
Northern Ireland striker James Washington says he has been "lucky" to be part of such a "crazy time" in his international career after scoring two goals in his first two games for the Stormont side against Wales and Belarus in the Euro 2016 qualifier against Moldova.
A Grade II*-listed Georgian stately home has opened to the public for the first time in more than 80 years after undergoing a £3.5m refurbishment and revamp to mark its 800-year history as a private residence.Â£1.5 million will be spent on restoring the interior.
A husband and wife from Bristol have become the first British pair to win a cross country race carrying a wife and husband at the European Championships in the Czech Republic, in a new world record time of 7.5 minutes.1.5 seconds per person.Â£10,000 prize money.
The UN has welcomed the signing of the global arms treaty, which bans cross-border transfers of conventional weapons, calling it a "new chapter" in efforts to bring "responsibility, accountability and transparency" to the global trade in arms, the organisation's secretary general has said.
The Great Manchester Run will go ahead as planned on Friday, despite Monday's suicide bomb attack in the city centre, organisers have confirmed."Thousands of Mancunians" are expected to take part in the event this weekend, the city council has said.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a teenager was killed in a crash between two motorbikes in which a third person was injured, police have said, in which the 19-year-old on one of the bikes was killed.
Essex seamer Reece Harmer says he will probably never take four five-wicket five-fers in a match again after claiming a career-best nine wickets in his side's second Championship win of the season on Sunday."You've got to ride the wave while you can," says the fast bowler.
The justice secretary has ordered an inquiry into the role of education in prisons in England and Wales, with a view to introducing a system of "earned release" for prisoners who gain skills on release.Â£1m is to be spent on improving literacy and numeracy skills for inmates.
In the years since the end of military rule in South America's largest country, Brazil, there have been a number of military-backed governments in the region, most notably in the 1970s and '80s, when Brazil, Argentina and Chile were ruled by military junta-led governments.
Formic acid is the fuel of choice for a new bus that runs on formic acid, according to a team of students at a university in the Netherlands, and it's the fuel that powers the Dutch government's first hydrogen-powered electric bus, which is due to go on the road.
A jockey who was found drunk at the wheel of his car while sleep walking has been banned from driving for six months and fined for drink-driving for a year.The law needs to change after he was found guilty of drink driving, his lawyer has said.
Swansea council is to move its headquarters from the seafront to the Kingsway area of the city centre, it has been announced, as part of plans to regenerate the city's civic centre area and central library site in the city for the first time in decades.
A dog which had its claws "forcerely and traumatically removed" and had its tail docked has been rescued by the RSPCA after it was abandoned "like rubbish" on a road in Kent, the charity said, describing it as "unbelievably shocking".
A man has been shot dead in a bar in the west of Dublin city centre on Saturday night.Irish police are investigating the circumstances surrounding the killing of the man.The victim has been identified as a dissident republican from Northern Ireland who had links to dissident republicans.
Sale Sharks prop Vadimobilas Korolos has joined French side Bordeaux on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the season, the Premiership club have confirmed to BBC Radio Solent.
Dundee United have signed Danny Keatings from Hibernian for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal."I have enjoyed my time at Tannadice, but it was time to move on," said Keatnings after agreeing to join the Scottish Premiership club.
Activity in the UK housing market appears to be picking up, according to official figures, which show a pick-up in the number of home loans being taken out by borrowers in anticipation of a rise in interest rates next month.Â£1.5bn worth of mortgages were taken out of the market in July.
The father and stepfather of woman allegedly murdered in Pakistan have been remanded in custody after appearing in court in connection with the death of Shazia Shahid, whose body was found in a suitcase in a hotel room in Lahore earlier this month, a court has heard.
Chinese search giant Baidu has unveiled its first artificial intelligence (AI) digital assistant at the CES tech show in Las Vegas, the world's largest exhibition of consumer electronics.Â£1bn-a-year, the company has said in a press release.
Drivers caught using their mobile phones while in charge of lorries on dual carriageways have been filmed by police in a bid to cut down on the number of distracted drivers on Britain's roads, it has been revealed in a new report by the BBC.
British number two Kyle Edmund reached the second round of the Gerry Weber Open with a hard-fought win over American Sam Querrey of the United States in the first round of qualifying in the Netherlands on Tuesday.Â£1.5m prize money is on offer for the winner.
Nigeria's former defence minister Bello Haliru Mohammed has been charged with fraud and money laundering as part of a major investigation into arms procurement for the military, prosecutors say, as his father also appeared in court on the same charges on Tuesday, local media report.
Police are searching for a father and his two young children who have gone missing from their home in the early hours of Saturday morning and have issued an appeal for help in tracing them on social media sites such as Facebook and Instagram to help find them by the end of the day.
Christian Pulisic scored a late winner as Borussia Dortmund came from two goals down to draw with Ingolstadt in a thrilling Bundesliga match at the Stadion Steinbruchsen in Dusseldorf, Germany.Â£16.5m-rated Borussia Monchengladbach were relegated from the top two divisions.
Voting is taking place in the General Election in Cheshire, with the result of the contest being declared after the polls close at 22:00 BST on Thursday 7 May.Â£2.5m is at stake in the region's 11 parliamentary seats, up from the 2015 general election.
Alan Forsyth is relishing the prospect of playing against some of the world's best hockey players as Scotland bid to reach the Hockey World League semi-finals in London on Saturday.Â£100,000-rated Scotland midfielder David Forsyth says it will be a "great opportunity" for his side.
If you're worried about taking'superman' ecstasy pills, don't be, a drugs expert has said, as they are a dangerous drug that is easy to overdose on and dangerous to take accidentally - so don't take them if you don't think it's safe.
US economists Gary Hart and David Holmstrom have won this year's Nobel economics prize for their work on how public sector workers' contracts affect their pay and working conditions, the Nobel committee has announced in a statement on the winner's home page of the official website.
A cold snap has brought snow and ice to parts of southern Italy, with temperatures falling to as low as -10C (32F) in some areas, the Italian civil defence department has said, causing power cuts and disrupting travel.Three people have died and thousands of people have been left homeless as a result.
The American Association for the Advancement of Science (AZ) has announced it is joining forces with leading scientists to develop a new gene-cutting technology that could speed up the discovery of medicines for a range of serious illnesses, 15 years after the first human genome was decoded.
Northampton Saints have announced plans for a major redevelopment of the club's home ground at Franklin's Gardens in the city centre ahead of the 2016-17 Premiership season, with the construction of a new stand set to start in the summer of 2017-18, BBC Scotland has learned.
It's lambing season on a farm in Gwynedd in north Wales, and it can be a busy time for young farmers, especially if you're a sheep farmer! Click here to find out more about what it's like to have a lamb in your family.
Police have appealed for witnesses after two men were stabbed in a disturbance at a nightclub in Glasgow city centre in the early hours of the morning, in which two men and a woman were taken to hospital with stab wounds to their legs.Â£10,000 worth of alcohol was thrown at the scene.
Bottles of whisky salvaged from a sunken shipwreck which inspired the novel Whisky Galore have been sold at auction for £20,000.Â£10,000 has been paid for the rarest type of whisky ever found in the world, it has been confirmed.
A police force has apologised for "poor taste" after a "sex-themed" sandcastle was unveiled at a beach event in Devon, sparking a row on social media about "trivialising" a serious issue and "stereotyping" children.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has been met with a mixture of reaction in the Baltic states, with some commentators seeing it as a blow for the EU and others as a boost for Russia and the Kremlin, while others see it as an opportunity to strengthen ties with the rest of the bloc.
The owners of a Formula 1 circuit earmarked for sale say they will continue to run the business "on a go-it-alone basis" in the wake of the sale of the sport's Formula 1 headquarters to Liberty Media in January 2017, it has been announced.
Two World War Two pilots who played down their heroics in the Dambuster's Day landings have been honoured by the Jet Age Museum in Gloucester, 70 years after the historic landing of the Horsa glider in the Rhine River valley.
Australia's biggest steelmaker, Rio Tinto, has increased the minimum threshold for shareholders to accept its takeover offer for the struggling Australian steelmaker Riversdale Group, which is also owned by Brazil's CSN and India's Tata Steel Group (Tata) of India.
The opposition in the Democratic Republic of Congo has called for a boycott of a referendum on constitutional changes in a bid to stop the president's bid for a third term in office, which is due to be held next week.Â£1bn of aid has been pledged to help fund the opposition's campaign in the country.
Leinster have re-signed Niall Morris from Leicester Tigers on a two-year contract for the start of the 2014-15 season, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is released by the end of the current campaign.
A cyclist who died after being hit by a pick-up truck in north Wales has been named by police as a former Olympic gold medallist from the Netherlands who had recently retired from the sport aged 47.Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward.Â£5,000 in a bid to find her killer.
A terminally-ill five-year-old Sunderland fan who became an unlikely football mascot for the club has been told he will lose his fight against cancer, his mother has said.Â£200,000 raised for him has been reached after his family reached its £100,000 fundraising target.
Samsung Electronics has agreed to buy US car parts maker Harman Automotive for $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) in a bid to expand its range of connected car technology, in a deal that values the company at $2.5bn.
The EFL Cup, Scottish League Cup and Scottish Cup quarter-finals are all shown live on BBC One and BBC Radio Solent on Saturday, with the draw for the third and fourth rounds taking place at 17:00 BST each evening. Click here for all the match reports.
Peterborough United have signed striker Jordan Lloyd from non-league side Wrexham for an undisclosed fee."It was a very easy decision," says the England Under-21 international. "I think I'll fit in really well at Peterborough United and everyone knows they're a good club."
Plans for a major redevelopment of a former music venue in Cornwall have been given the go-ahead by the government, it has been announced, despite concerns over the impact of bats on the area's bats population and batswatches in the area.Â£5m of planning permission has been granted for the project.
A man accused of killing one Indian man and wounding two others in a shooting in the US state of Kansas has confessed to the crime to a restaurant employee, according to police in the city where the attack took place, reports say, and to a 911 call to report it.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of entertainer Keith Harris, who was best known for his TV show Cuddles the monkey and Orville the duck, in his home town of Blackpool, Lancashire, where he was a well-known entertainer and singer.
Matt Marshall scored a hat-trick of tries as Gloucester beat Sale Sharks to boost their hopes of a top-six finish in the Premiership and move level on points with leaders Saracens at the top of the table with a win at Twickenham.
Google has been ordered by Dutch courts to hand over details of four fake reviews posted on its Google+ social network after a nursery complained that they were defaming its children's day care centre, its lawyer has said, but it is yet to comply with the ruling.
Merstham Town will face Oxford United in the first round of the FA Cup, while non-league Westfields have been drawn at home to Curzon Ashton in the second round of ties.The lowest-ranked team left in the competition has been drawn against Eastbourne Borough.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to protect religious groups from losing tax-exempt status if they support a political candidate, the White House has said, despite fierce criticism from LGBT-rights groups and a growing backlash from the US civil rights community.Â
A mother and daughter who filmed a far-right activist spewing racist views at a rally have said they have received death threats after their video was shared on social media by hundreds of thousands of people online and shared thousands of times on the BBC news website's Facebook page.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of his mother's partner in a fight at a Dorset holiday park in which he was "tanked up" on alcohol at the time of the incident.Â£10,000 fine has been awarded to the victim's family.
Midfielder Liam Ridgewell helped Portland Timbers beat Columbus Crew to win the MLS Cup for the first time in their history as they beat the Crew 2-1 in a dramatic final in Columbus, Ohio, on Sunday night to lift the trophy for the second time in three years.
The mother and grandmother of three teenagers who died in the Hillsborough disaster have been appointed MBEs in the New Year Honours list for their services to bereaved families and to the cause of justice in Merseyside, it has been announced in the Queen's Birthday Honours.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is "open to the idea" of co-hosting the 2018 Winter Olympics with North Korea, after a South Korean minister suggested the two countries could co-operate on some events.Â£1bn worth of ice hockey could be included in the Games.
Footage has emerged of the moment a gunman opened fire on Turkish journalist Selahattin Dundar outside his home in the south-eastern city of Cumhuriyet, wounding him and three other people, including a police officer, before being shot dead by officers.
Carmarthenshire council hopes to be able to bring back some of its own services to the city's Guildhall after buying it to "ensure a secure future" for the building.Â£1.5m was paid for it, it has been revealed.
Aung San Suu Kyi, the Burmese opposition leader who was released from house arrest last year, will be the face of Brighton Festival of the Arts in May, it has been announced, with a programme inspired by her struggle for democracy in her home country.
The Duke of Cambridge is leaving his post as a Royal Air Ambulance pilot to become a full-time member of the Royal Family for the first time.For a second time, Prince William is leaving the service he's loved for so many years to become part of his new life.
The US Senate has failed to ratify a United Nations treaty aimed at improving the rights of disabled people, despite the backing of several prominent disabled politicians, including a former Republican presidential candidate and a disabled war veteran, who were among those who voted in favour of the measure.
The government's Brexit minister has questioned the "legitimacy" of the High Court ruling that Parliament should be given a vote on when to start the process of leaving the EU, saying it could "water down" the process and "frustrate" the government.
More than 1,700 Kenyan schoolchildren have taken part in an attempt to set a new world record for the largest ever reading session by a single group of schoolchildren in a single day, organisers have said in an interview with the BBC's Storymoja National Read Aloud.
Spain's Dani Pedrosa won his first MotoGP race of the season as he finished second in the Japanese MotoGP round at Misano to extend his lead over Italy's Valentino Rossi to 19 points.Â£1.5m-winning Spaniard Andrea Iannone finished third.
JK Rowling has defended herself on Twitter after receiving abusive messages from people calling her a "traitor" and "a traitor" for her political views on Scotland's future in the independence referendum and the Scottish National Party's rise to third place in the UK general election.
The death of Iranian blogger Sattar Beheshti was probably caused by shock, a Tehran prosecutor's office has said in a statement, according to local media reports, after a post-mortem examination on his body found no signs of torture.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $2.2m) in his pockets.
A World War One aerodrome in Dorset has been given listed status for its role in defending London from German air raids during the conflict in the skies above the capital in the early 20th Century, it has been announced.Â£1.5m worth of restoration work has been carried out at the site.
A man charged with two counts of attempted murder has been refused bail at Dungannon Magistrates' Court on Friday.A judge has said he will not be released on bail because of "genuine fears" about his behaviour.Â£20,000 bail has been granted to a man accused of the offences.
Almost 95% of criminal trials in Scotland's sheriff courts have begun within two years of the closure of the last two JP and sheriff courts, according to a new report by the Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service (SCTS) and the BBC Scotland news website.
Police Scotland has named its new police horse after a horse named after one of its most popular online vote-winners.Â£10,000 prize for the best horse of the year has been given to the force's newest member of staff, Lewis, who has just arrived at the force.
A man has been charged in connection with a ram-raid on a Fife supermarket in which a cash machine was stolen and a van was rammed through the front door of the building.Police have said they will use all the resources at their disposal to investigate such incidents.
The MTV Europe Music Awards are taking place in Glasgow on Sunday night, with Katy Perry, Ariana Grande, Pharrell Williams and Katy Minaj among the nominees for best female and best pop act respectively, along with a host of other big names who've been nominated.
At least seven people have been killed in shelling on a school playground in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk on the first day of school for pupils returning to school after a three-month absence, officials and witnesses have told the BBC's James Coomarasamy.
The trial of a Dublin teenager held in an Egyptian prison for more than two years has been adjourned until next month, the Irish government has said, after a judge said it could not proceed until next week because 16 defendants were not present in court for the hearing.
A group of farmers who have signed up to the Renewable energy scheme (RHI) are to meet with Economy Minister Arlene Foster next week to discuss their concerns about the future of the controversial scheme, the BBC has learned from a source close to the group.
Ulster University (UU) has warned that a vote to leave the European Union could lead to an increase in the number of prospective EU students withdrawing their applications for a place in its courses if the UK votes to leave.Â£3.3m in tuition fees for EU students in Northern Ireland could be cut if Brexit happens.
Hull City have broken their transfer record to sign striker Abel Hernandez from Palermo for a club-record fee of £10m, while Hatem Ben Arfa has joined from Newcastle United for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £7m.
Big Ben's 150th anniversary is to be marked on the same day as the Queen's Victory in Europe Day, it has been announced.The date has been chosen to mark the start of a year-long campaign to celebrate London's history and its heritage.
A baby wombat has been born at a wildlife reserve in Australia, increasing the number of the endangered species by more than 50% in less than a year, according to conservationists who monitor the animals there for the first time in 20 years.Â£1.5m has been donated to help save the species.
Steve McNamara says he is "in no rush" to decide on his future as England head coach after his side beat New Zealand to win the three-Test series in Auckland.Â£1m-a-year contract could be offered to him after the 2016 Four Nations.
An Australian man who was convicted of raping and murdering a woman in Melbourne has been found guilty of three more sex attacks, including one on a Dutch tourist, it has been announced in the Australian media.Â£1.2m (A$1.3m; $1.4m) in damages.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge will be joined by the Prince Harry and Prince William for a memorial service to mark the 20th anniversary of the death of their mother, Princess Diana, the Kensington Palace has said in a statement to the BBC News NI website.
The sale of ARM Holdings to Japan's Softbank for £24.3bn is "deeply disappointing" for the UK economy, the chairman of the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors, Lord Myners, has said.Â£24bn is a "disgrace" to the UK technology industry.
Soul singer Ray BLK has been named the BBC's Sound of 2017 list, which highlights the UK's emerging artists of the coming 12 months ahead of the music industry's biggest year in a decade, with her debut album, My Hood, topping the UK chart.
An animal park in Canada has been charged with failing to provide adequate care for a peacock and guinea hens, animal welfare activists say, in a case that could lead to up to two years in jail.Â£35,000 ($45,000/Â£28,000) in fines and up to a lifetime ban on owning animals.
Hibernian Ladies eased into the last 16 of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup with a 3-0 win over Queen of the South in the third round at Hampden Park on Wednesday.Holders Hibernian Rovers also progressed to the fourth round with a 2-0 victory over Queen's Park.
Mae Heddlu De Cymru wedi cael ei godi i'r categori i gwagio gyda chymorth ei arestio yng nghanolfan siopa'r Quadrant, Abertawe yng Nghaerdydd.
The owner of a Turkish holiday firm based in the West Midlands has said it was "impossible" to continue trading after it went into liquidation with the loss of more than 1,000 jobs and 1,200 bookings to Turkish tourists in the UK.
The captain of the Costa Concordia, which capsized in 2012 killing 32 people, has gone on trial in Italy to appeal against his conviction for his role in the disaster, which also saw the deaths of 32 people on board the overcrowded cruise ship, many of whom were children.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is trying to find a "compromise deal" with the UK government to keep Scotland in the EU single market after the Brexit deal is reached in the UK's negotiations with the EU, as she faced tough questions about education and Brexit.
Lebanese security forces have foiled an attempt to smuggle more than two tonnes of a banned stimulant drug into Saudi Arabia, the National News Agency (NNA) has reported, citing sources in the country's Gendarmerie (GNA) security service.
Mexican drug lord Joaquin "El Chapo" Guzman, who escaped from a maximum security prison in Mexico on Saturday, is set to be extradited to the United States to face charges of drug trafficking and money laundering, reports the BBC's Pablo Escobar-style programme.
Archaeologists have uncovered what they believe to be the earliest evidence of people living in Scotland about 3,000 years earlier than previously thought, it has been claimed by a team of archaeologists working at a site on the west coast of Scotland's west of Scotland.
Manchester City and Chelsea have been charged by the Football Association for failing to control their players during Saturday's Premier League game between the two sides, which ended in a red card for a mass brawl in the final minute of the game on New Year's Eve, but no action will be taken.
Scientists have discovered a fossilised skeleton of a Stegosaurus, one of the largest dinosaurs ever found in the fossil record, in Argentina, in South America, which they say is the largest in the world and the first of its kind to be found in North America.
England footballer Adam Johnson has denied three counts of sexual activity with a child under the age of 16, including one of grooming and one of indecent activity with an under-age girl, all of which carry a maximum prison sentence of 12 years in jail if he is convicted.
The new operator of the South Western rail franchise has been accused of failing to guarantee a second member of staff will be on board new trains when it takes over the franchise.The RMT union has accused the company of "failing to clarify" its position on the issue.
Scientists have long suspected that the largest dinosaurs ever to walk the Earth came from South America to Australia about 100 million years ago, but now they have new evidence that proves it was possible for them to cross the ocean from Africa to the Antarctic continent at the same time.
A light aircraft has crashed into a field in North Yorkshire, but no-one was hurt in the crash, it has been confirmed by the pilot who was in the air at the time of the incident.Police have praised the pilot's "great piloting skills" after the crash.
One of the world's most powerful bankers has said he will move thousands of jobs out of the UK after Brexit and that the European Union can "dictate" how many more will move to the continent after the UK leaves the EU, in a speech in Paris.
Protests have broken out in Indian-administered Kashmir over the desecration of a Hindu temple in Srinagar, the capital of Jammu and Kashmir's Jammu region, police have told the BBC Urdu news agency and the local media in the state.
A legal challenge to the conduct of former Scottish Secretary Alistair Carmichael during the general election campaign has been thrown out by the Court of Session in a landmark legal ruling on the issue of false statements made by candidates making public statements during an election campaign, it has emerged.
Braille paving stones intended to highlight the needs of the blind and partially sighted have been described as "gobbledygook" by a Braille teacher who works in the city where they were intended to be installed in a bid to improve access for visually impaired people.
Lewis Hamilton says his Mercedes team must improve their consistency if they are to have a chance of winning the Formula 1 world title this year and he is determined to make it a season of "taste of greatness" in Baku this time around to get it right.
The release date for Grand Theft Auto V has been pushed back again, this time for the PC version of the video game, which was due to go on sale in January but will now be released on 27 February for the PS4, Xbox One and PS4.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielder Jack Rothwell and defender Harry Maguire on free transfers from League One rivals Rotherham United, both for an undisclosed fee, plus add-ons, for the pair's contracts.Â£1.5m each.
GPs in England are to stop referring patients for gay conversion therapy, Newsbeat has learned from the Department of Health and the UK Council of Psychotherapists for the Treatment of Gays and Lesbian, Gay, bisexual and Transgender (LGBT) people.
A security researcher says he has been tricked into handing over a package of heroin to the police by a Russian hacker who posed as a US citizen to try to scare him out of his home.Â£100,000 worth of drugs have been delivered to his house, in what he describes as the latest in a series of bizarre pranks.
An NHS trust criticised for a culture of bullying and low morale has been told it must make "dramatic improvements" at three of its hospitals in London, the health watchdog has said in a report to the NHS regulator, the CQC, to improve patient safety.
Salmon exports from the UK have soared in the first three months of the year, according to the Federation of Food and Drink Exporters (FDF) - the UK's biggest trade body.Â£186.7m worth of Scottish salmon was the country's biggest food and drink export in the period.
Olympic gold medallist Katherine Grainger says her karate black belt was presented with a bottle of wine and a thank you card by her teacher the day after she was awarded her first ever black belt in the sport by her father's former teacher, David Davis.
At least 28 pilot whales have died after being stranded on a beach in the southern Indian state of Tamil Nadu for the second day in a row, local officials say, in what is believed to be the country's worst mass stranding in decades, local media report.
A man accused of murdering his ex-partner has told police he was "trying to stop her" when he stabbed her with a kitchen knife, a court has been shown footage of the moment she died from injuries she sustained in a fight with him.
League One side Gillingham have signed striker Nathan Emmanuel-Thomas from Championship side QPR for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.Â£1.5m has been paid in compensation for the player's release by the Championship club, reported by BBC Radio Kent.
The Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme has been at the centre of a storm in Northern Ireland over the past few weeks, with a number of revelations about the use of horse solariums as part of the controversial scheme being investigated by the Public Prosecution Service (PPS).
Tyrrell Hatton's second-place finish at the Scottish Open was the most significant of his professional career so far, and it was worth more than £400,000 to the 25-year-old's pocket.Â£150,000 was the difference between outright victory and a share of the spoils.
England's innings-and-97-run win over Pakistan in the second Test was the "best four days of Test cricket I have ever seen", says former England captain Michael Vaughan after his side's innings victory in the first Test was described as "unbelievable".
Kilmarnock have re-signed Jamie Hamill from Hearts for an undisclosed fee on a deal which will keep the former Scotland Under-21 international at Ibrox until 2017, with an option for a further 12 months in the summer of 2018.
Lindsey Vonn has become the first female skier to win back-to-back World Cup slopestyle skiing titles after more than a year out with injury.Â£1.2m in prize money has been awarded to the four-time Olympic gold medallist.
The EU is making "concession after concession" to Turkey over its bid to join the bloc, Justice Secretary Michael Gove has said, amid a row over visa-free travel for Turks and a border-free zone for migrants from Syria to the UK.
People have been using Your Questions to ask us what they want to know about the West Midlands - and we have been answering all of your questions about the region's history, culture, politics and politics.Â© BBC News.com 2017, all rights reserved.
Volkswagen says it sold about 1.5 million cars in the UK, Germany, France, Italy and Spain in the first three months of the year with the emissions scandal affecting the German carmaker's diesel engine programme, but it has not said how many of them were affected.
Voting has begun in elections in Nigeria's most populous states, amid tight security ahead of what is widely expected to be a tight contest between the two main contenders for the presidency and the country's most powerful elected politicians in two weeks' time for the first time.
Hibernian head coach Neil Lennon has been given a one-match touchline ban by Uefa after being sent to the stands on his first game in charge of the Scottish Premiership club last month.Â£10,000 fine and a £20,000 deduction are among the punishments handed out by European football's governing body.
Northern Ireland's hospitals have been under intense pressure for much of the last two years, but there has been a change in attitude to dealing with the pressure on the health service in the north of the country, as the BBC's health correspondent Mark Lowen reports.
Celtic boss Brendan Rodgers, Aberdeen boss Derek McInnes and Partick Thistle counterpart Alan Archibald are among the nominees for the Professional Footballers' Association manager of the year award, with Dundee boss Paul Duffy and Aberdeen counterpart Derek McIvor also in the running.
As the Church in Wales appoints its first female bishop, two of the first women to be ordained in the church have spoken of their pride and frustration at the process of becoming the first in Wales to have a woman in charge of a major organisation for more than 200 years.
Former paramilitaries who were injured during the Troubles should not be entitled to a special pension for their injuries, the BBC's Spotlight programme has been told by a number of those who have been injured by the IRA and loyalist paramilitary groups in Northern Ireland.
A white supremacist has been sentenced to death for the murders of three people, including a Jewish family, at two Jewish community centres and a retirement centre in the US state of Kansas, and the attempted murder of another Jewish teenager and an elderly woman outside a Jewish retirement centre.
Norwich City have signed Wigan Athletic left-back Mark Wildschut for an undisclosed fee and Ajax midfielder Arjen Dijks on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Championship club on a permanent deal.
The Duke of Cambridge has carried out his final search-and-rescue mission at RAF Valley in Anglesey, the Ministry of Defence (MoD) has confirmed to the Press Association and BBC Newsnight's Peter Hunt and the BBC's royal correspondent Peter Hunt.
Stephen Dobbie scored the only goal of the game as Queen of the South reached the Scottish Challenge Cup semi-finals with victory over Alloa Athletic in the quarter-final first leg at Palmerston Park on Saturday.Dundee United and Dundee United will meet in the last four of the competition's last four.
A man who died after being restrained by members of the public because he was kicking cars and taking cocaine was treated in a "proportionate and reasonable way" by police, an investigation has found.Â£10,000 compensation has been paid to his family for his death.
A man has been arrested in connection with the murder of a Greek-American businessman and his wife, his 10-year-old son and their housekeeper in Washington DC last week, US police say, according to the Washington Post and local media reports, citing unidentified witnesses.
Malaysia's film censors have approved the release of Beauty and the Beast, despite the film being pulled from cinemas in the country because of a "gay moment" in the film.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) in ticket sales have been cancelled.
A man's body has been found after a search and rescue operation off the coast of Rhondda Cynon Taff, police have said, following reports of a person in the water off the south Wales coast.Â£20,000 worth of fish has been recovered.
Australia's immigration minister Peter Dutton has accused two media outlets of "trivialising" allegations of abuse at an asylum seeker detention centre on the Pacific island of Nauru, saying they are "not serious" and are not serious enough to be taken seriously.
A judge in Mexico has issued arrest warrants for the director of a nursery and some of its staff over a fire that killed dozens of children in the city of Hermosillo five years ago, local media report, citing a judge's decision to issue the warrants.
A man has been re-arrested by police investigating the murder of a schoolgirl in West Yorkshire more than 50 years ago, the BBC has learned from the Metropolitan Police's Scotland Yard office in London.A 79-year-old has been arrested on suspicion of her murder.
Travel can be a stressful business, whether you're on a trip to the beach, on the ski slopes, or in the country's spa or on the city centre, there are few things worse than paying too much for a hotel room, especially if you are a holidaymaker.
Chelsea midfielder Cesc Fabregas and Real Madrid goalkeeper Iker Casillas have been left out of Spain manager Julen Lopetegui's 23-man squad for the first two games of his tenure at the Bernabeu, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Indian author Thimphon Mukherjee is one of six authors shortlisted for this year's Man Booker Prize for Fiction.The winner will be announced on Tuesday, with bookmakers' odds on the book at odds of up to 5/1.Â£50,000.
The Tomatina Festival of the Tomatine is celebrating its 70th anniversary this weekend in the small town of Tomatino, in the south-eastern part of Spain.This year's event will be the biggest in the history of the town's history.
A shark has been caught off the Pembrokeshire coast by a team of anglers who managed to slip a hook into the mouth of a shark's mouth while fishing for blue sharks off the coast of Gwynedd in the early hours of the morning.
A video of a gorilla "dancing" in the enclosure of a zoo has gone viral on social media after a zoo visitor captured the moment on camera and posted it on Facebook to raise awareness of the animals' "dance moves" and their "playtime".
When I first started reporting on the Davis Cup there were times when I was told to stay away from the hotel where the final was being played because it was too dangerous to go in the event of a terrorist attack, but I've been fortunate enough to avoid such an incident.
Scotland's nursing workforce is facing a "perfect storm" due to a shortage of nurses and midwives, according to a union representing health board nurses and their representatives in the country's hospitals and community care homes, it has been claimed in a new report by the RCN.
The 1966 World Cup anthem sung by the England football team has been re-released by the BBC after more than 30 years since it was originally banned in the Falklands War in 1982.Â£20,000 in prize money has been awarded to the song's original composer.
Printers across the world of business and consumer electronics have been hit by a hack attack that hijacked the devices and made them send out a message warning owners that they had been hijacked.Â£500,000 worth of printers have been affected by the attack, say security researchers.
A 15-year-old boy has been charged in connection with a serious assault in Aberdeen which left a man with life-threatening injuries, it has been confirmed to BBC Scotland's Newsround service on Monday.Â£10,000 in fines and costs have been issued.
Macclesfield boosted their National League play-off hopes with a comfortable win at Wrexham, who are now winless in five games in all competitions in the National League this season, with a 3-0 victory at the Racecourse Ground on Saturday.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has said he will "get his soapbox out any day of the week" and lobby the broadcasters to press ahead with TV election debates, despite the prime minister's refusal to take part in a head-to-head debate.
Thousands of children who were living in the so-called "Jungle" migrant camp in the French port city of Calais have been brought over to the UK to be looked after, after the camp was closed down by the authorities in France earlier this year, to allow them to start a new life.
Egypt's new President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi has vowed to defeat terrorism and restore security in his first 100 days in office, as he was sworn in for a new four-year term in the country's first democratic transfer of power since the 2011 uprising.
Gianfranco Zola's first game in charge of Birmingham City ended in a draw as 10-man Barnsley twice came from behind to draw at Oakwell on the final day of the 2016-17 Championship season in which both teams finished with 10 men.
The Open University (OU) is planning to use data analytics to help identify students who may be struggling with their courses and give them extra help, the university has said in a new report published on the BBC's Students' Union website.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured by the university for the project.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies moved to within a point of the play-off places with a hard-fought win over Bristol Rovers Rovers Ladies at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday.Â£20,000 in prize money has been awarded to the winner.
The number of undocumented immigrants arrested in the US has more than doubled in the first six months of the year, according to new figures released by the country's top law enforcement agency.Almost half the arrests were of people who had not committed any crime, figures show.
Chris Gayle has been suspended from the Big Bash League (BBL) after telling an Australian TV reporter to "don't blush" during a live interview on Sunday.The BBL has apologised for the comments made by the former West Indies batsman during a Big Bash match.
A Brazilian man has been arrested at Rome's international airport for trying to smuggle cocaine into Italy in a pair of trainers he had disguised with liquid nitrogen, Italian police say, in what is believed to be the world's largest ever such seizure of its kind.
Nato and Afghan officials have reached an agreement on the withdrawal of US special forces from the eastern Afghan province of Wardak, the Nato-led military alliance has said in a statement to the US media in Kabul.Â£1bn-worth of US troops will leave the area within weeks, it has said.
Universities must "recapture a civic mission" following the UK's vote to leave the EU, the education secretary has told college leaders and academics.The UK vote for Brexit has exposed a "distance between campus and community", she has said in her first big speech as Welsh education secretary.
Milk is considered one of the most important sources of protein in the world, and it's considered a delicacy in many countries like China and the United States, India and the UK. But in India, milk is seen as a luxury item and is often expensive to buy.
The Doonhamers music festival has been cancelled due to a lack of advance ticket sales, organisers have said in a statement on their Facebook page on the day the event was announced to be taking place in Dumfries and Galloway on Friday.Â£20,000 worth of tickets will be refunded.
Britain's Sir Ben Ainslie masterminded a remarkable comeback by Oracle Team USA to beat New Zealand and win the America's Cup for the first time in eight years in a dramatic final in San Francisco on Sunday.Â£1.2bn-rated Team New Zealand lost the 35th edition of the event.
Swansea City defender Angel Rangel says manager Pep Guardiola has made Manchester City "the best team in the UK" since he took over at the Etihad Stadium in the summer of 2014."Pep Guardiola is a maestro at what he does," says the 24-year-old.
England's Laura Massaro and Nick Matthew will meet in Sunday's final of the British Open after victories in the semi-finals at Hull's Excelsior Stadium on Saturday night, while world number one Natalie Perry is through to the final of her first tournament in the UK.
Nine former employees of the former Londonderry-based regeneration company, Ilex, are taking legal action against the Northern Ireland Executive over redundancy payments made to them when their jobs were transferred to Derry City and Strabane District Council, it has emerged.
Highland's Dumfries and Galloway Infirmary has reopened to new admissions and visitors after being closed to new patients due to a norovirus outbreak at the weekend.Tests have confirmed the presence of the bug in three wards at the site, it has emerged.
Images of children living in squalid conditions in some of the UK's most deprived areas are being sought to mark the 50th anniversary of a charity's work to end homelessness and social exclusion in the country's poorest areas in the 1960s and 70s and 80s.
Two men have been charged in connection with the death of a teenager who died after a car crashed into a wall, leaving her with "life-changing" injuries, police have said in a press conference on Tuesday.Â£20,000 bail has been set aside for them.
A ferry which crashed into a quayside in the Channel Islands earlier this month has returned to service, the Isle of Wight Ferries Authority has confirmed to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) and the Ministry of Defence (MoD) that it is operating.
A former hotel chef has been given a suspended prison sentence for killing a cat in a "heinous act" after it defecated in the kitchen of a Denbighshire hotel, a court has been told in a bid to stop a local backlash against him.
A 24-hour strike by ferry workers in Calais has brought the port to a standstill and caused major disruption to travel in and out of the French port, the Foreign Office has warned travellers to keep their car doors locked as they wait to get back to the UK.
Team Sky continued to use IV drugs despite a ban on the practice despite being banned by the sport's governing body, according to the Press Association (PA) and UK Anti-Doping (Ukad) - despite a similar ban being lifted in 2010.Â£1m worth of drugs was injected into riders in 2010, it has emerged.
A man has been cleared of stealing a cat from a Kent woman's home after a social media campaign to find it went viral on social media and led to a police man being charged with the theft of the pet's rightful owner's beloved pet, police have said.
David Beckham is "hyper-correcting" his Cockney accent as he moves to the United States, according to a University of Manchester study of the former England captain and his wife Victoria Beckham's speech."High social status" and the Olympics may be to blame for the change, researchers say.
Former Wales scrum-half Gareth Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by the news that Stade Francais and Racing 92 are set to merge, saying it is a "huge shock" to see the two clubs' long-standing rivalries merge.
Emoji flags for Wales, Scotland and England are to be added to computer keyboards across the world, following a campaign by a group of Welsh-based social media users and BBC Wales staff and a campaign backed by the Welsh language broadcaster Emojipedia and the Welsh government.
(Close): London's leading shares rose on Thursday as investors welcomed the rejection of Scottish independence by the Scottish people in a vote that was widely seen as a major blow to the independence movement and raised the prospect of greater powers for the UK government in the event of a 'Yes' vote.
Anti-bullying is "on the increase" in Scotland, according to a report by a committee of MSPs which has uncovered evidence of "prejudice-based bullying" towards young people from the lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) community.
A community on the Isle of Lewis has been warned about a scam email which has been circulating in the local Gaelic community since last month, BBC Scotland has learned from a police investigation.Â£1,000 has been recovered after it was found to be a scam.
League One side Rochdale have re-signed former Tranmere Rovers and Carlisle United team-mate Ryan Haynes on a one-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the player.
Three people have been injured in a three-vehicle crash on the A9 in Aberdeenshire, Police Scotland has said, with one of the three vehicles believed to be in a serious condition in hospital with "life-threatening" injuries, the force has said.
Coventry City Rugby Borough Council is to meet with the club's owners to discuss its plans for a new stadium in the city, BBC Radio Coventry has learned from the local authority's chief executive and the council's head of planning for the region's rugby union team.
Glamorgan director of cricket Hugh Morris says the county need to strengthen their fast bowling options if they are to challenge for the County Championship title next season, after a disappointing 2016 campaign for the county's top-order batsmen and pace bowlers, writes BBC Radio Wales.
Leicester hooker Tom Youngs says he is determined to prove he is "good enough" to return to the England side after having back surgery last year, which ruled him out of the summer tour of New Zealand with the national side."There's no point moping about," says the England and Lions player.
Wales suffered their worst defeat of the autumn internationals as Australia snatched a dramatic last-gasp victory in the third and final Test in Melbourne to leave them bottom of the World Cup qualifying table with two games to play in Australia's home Test against a much-changed side.
The home secretary has said it is "too early to say" whether net migration will be included in the Conservatives' election manifesto, after Theresa May said she would stick with the target of reducing it to the "tens of thousands" of people by 2020.
Rangers moved back to second in the Scottish Premiership with victory over 10-man Aberdeen at Ibrox, despite being reduced to 10 men in the second half.Â£1.5m-rated visitors missed the chance to go top of the table as they were beaten for the second time this season.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said it is time for the UK to "come together" after the Scottish referendum on independence was a "vital part" of a "balanced settlement" for the rest of the UK.Â£1bn of extra powers for Scotland will be "fair to everyone in England, Wales and Northern Ireland", he has said.
A blood test that could help diagnose early signs of Alzheimer's disease could be available in the next 10 years, researchers have said at a conference in London.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured for a blood test for the disease, they have said.
The world's biggest cruise ship, the Costa Concordia, has been unveiled at the World Economic Forum in Doha, in the United Arab Emirates, and it's set to go on its first cruise. Watch the video below to see how it's going to be.
Reading have released Hal Robson-Kanu, Ferdinand and Cox by mutual consent, with the trio set to leave the club at the end of the season. Click here to read the full reports from Saturday's 3-0 win over Middlesbrough.Â£1.5m signing Adam Cox and £1.4m signing Chris Robson Kanu are among six players released by the club.
An animal rights group is calling for Skegness's mascot, the Jolly Fisherman, to be scrapped in a bid to stop it being used as an "animals-only" tourist attraction on the Lincolnshire resort's centenary year celebrations in 2016.
French actor Gerard Depardieu has said he has been granted Russian citizenship after applying for a Russian passport, following a row with the French government over his decision to give up his French nationality to move to Russia last year.Â£1m-a-year tax row:
Defending champion Chris Waites has been knocked out of the men's semi-finals of the World Indoor Bowls Championship by world number two Marco Noppert in the quarter-finals at Lakeside on Thursday.Â£50,000 prize money will be shared between the top two seeds.
Swansea City are set to name Gary Rowett as their new manager, BBC Radio Swansea reports, with the club's board meeting on Thursday to discuss the search for a successor to Paul Clement on a permanent basis, reports BBC Radio Wales' Mark Lowen.
Former Dundee manager Grant McCann has returned to the club on a full-time basis after initially announcing he was quitting as a player-coach to take up the same role with St Mirren on Monday.Â£500,000 in prize money has been awarded by the Scottish Premiership club.
Two historic swimming baths and a 19th Century stately home are among the UK's most endangered listed buildings, according to the World Monuments Fund's annual list of the most endangered sites around the world.Â£1.5bn worth of property is at risk, it has been revealed.
A chronology of key events:(All times are subject to copyright, unless otherwise stated): A chronology by Greek and Turkish Cypriot leaders, as well as by the UN and other parties involved in the Cyprus crisis, between 1974-1999. (Greek Cypriots):
A Scottish Conservative MSP has been accused of showing "complete contempt" for the people who elected him after he missed a key Holyrood committee meeting to attend a football match in Portugal because of his job as a football refereeing coach.Â£40,000-a-year job has been described as "staggering" by an SNP MSP.
One of the world's "most extraordinary" flowering plants, known as the "stenchiest in the world", has bloomed in Scotland for the first time in its 12-year-long life cycle, according to horticulturists who have been keeping an eye on it.
The number of children referred to the NHS for help with gender identity issues has more than doubled in the past five years, figures show, with a sharp rise in young people aged under 12 and under-14 being referred to a specialist service for the first time.
Bolivian President Evo Morales has lost a referendum on whether he should be allowed to stand for a third term in office, according to provisional results from the country's electoral commission.The "No" camp has won the referendum, but the ban on presidential terms remains in place.
Championship side Sheffield United have signed Fulham defender Richard Dunne on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee.Â£1.5m has been paid to the Championship side for his services from the Championship club's second half of last season.
A police motorbike was used to stop the leaders of the Tour de France peloton after they were caught crossing a railway line when a train was travelling at 60kph (97mph) down the steeplechase course in the Tour Downhill section of the race.
A US football game in Seattle, Washington state, produced a series of small earthquakes on Sunday, according to a seismic monitoring station.Â£1m (Â£700,000) worth of noise was recorded during the game, US media report.â€‹
When the world's biggest names signed up to sponsor the 2014 Fifa World Cup, they had no idea that the scandal engulfing football's world governing body, Fifa, would turn out to be a disaster for some of the biggest names in global sport, and that they would have to rethink their sponsorship of the tournament.
England have accused Wales of scrummaging "terribly illegally" during their Six Nations campaign, with Wales saying they will be "pointing their finger" at the opposition if the laws are not enforced in Saturday's match at Twickenham on the Principality Stadium.
A man accused of punching a bride and groom at a wedding reception has told a court he was trying to defuse a "volatile" situation, not trying to attack the other man involved in an earlier attack on the wedding day, a court has heard.
British rider Jack Dunlop won his second MotoGP race of the season at the United States Grand Prix on Sunday to become the first Briton to win two races on the same day for 40 years.Â£1.5m worth of prize money was awarded to Dunlap rider Sam Lowes.
Afghan forces have freed more than 100 Taliban prisoners in a raid in southern Afghanistan, the Nato military alliance has said in a statement from the Nato-led military mission there, its first since the 2014 drawdown from combat operations in the region ended, the alliance says.
Indonesia, a vast archipelago of more than 17,000 islands and islets, is one of the world's fastest growing economies and one of Asia's fastest-growing democracies, but is also one of South East Asia's most unstable countries and has a history of political instability.
Sainsbury's has reported a drop in sales for the third quarter in a row, as the price war continues to hit the supermarket's bottom-line performance in the face of a tough market environment for supermarket chains in the UK and beyond.Â£1.4bn takeover of Argos-owner Home Retail Group has helped to boost sales, but the retailer has said it is still struggling.
Scientists have developed a faster and more accurate genetic test for heart conditions, the British Heart Foundation has said in a new study published in the journal of the Journal of Cardiovascular Translational Research (JCTR) in London.Â£1.5m is needed to roll it out across the NHS, it has been revealed.
Hampshire moved to the top of the T20 Blast South Group with a six-wicket win over Glamorgan, while Middlesex beat Sussex by two wickets in a thrilling finish to keep alive their hopes of a place in the quarter-finals.
A man has appeared in court charged with setting fire to a fishing boat in Peterhead harbour after a fire broke out in the vessel's engine room, causing it to catch fire on Thursday night and spread to other vessels in the River Tay in Aberdeenshire, police have said.
Sri Lankan human rights activists have released photographs they say are proof that a five-year-old Tamil Tiger rebel boy was shot five times in the chest by soldiers on the last day of the civil war in 2009, after surrendering to the army.
Manchester City came from 2-0 down to beat Bayern Munich and reach the Champions League knockout stage as they came from behind to beat the German champions in a thrilling game at the Allianz Arena in the group stage. Click here for Match of the Day highlights of the game.
A "Jekyll and Hyde" man has been jailed for life for the murder of two women who were bound together and suffocated to death in a "sudden and senseless" attack.The families of one of the victims have spoken of their "mental torture" after a five-year battle for justice.
It is one of the most talked-about films of all time: the fly-on-the-wall story of the British and Irish Lions' epic 1997 tour of South Africa, the film that changed the way we view rugby union, and, in the end, changed the world.
A Greater Manchester hospital which was placed in special measures after high mortality rates was found to have made "significant improvements" has been upgraded to a "good" by health inspectors after a three-year review.Â£1.5m of improvements have been made to its services.
Bombay House in Mumbai is one of India's most prestigious and prestigious buildings, standing at the centre of the Indian capital's financial capital, and one of the country's most important business centres, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey Kannan in Mumbai.
Deportivo La Coruna have sacked manager Pedro Sanchez after just one season in charge of La Liga's bottom club, the Spanish club have confirmed to BBC Radio Sol on Monday night and confirmed to the BBC Sport website on Tuesday morning that he is to leave the club.
A US college has reinstated a professorship in the name of comedian Bill Cosby, amid allegations he gave sedatives to women in the 1970s to make them more sexually attractive, the school has said in a press release on its website, as he continues to deny allegations of sexual assault.
Former world number one Caroline Wozniacki will play Sloane Stephens in the Rogers Cup final on Sunday after both semi-finalists lost in straight sets on Friday night to reach the final in Toronto.Defending champion Simona Halep is out of the tournament after a rain-affected day.
Partial demolition may be required of a block of flats in a North Ayrshire village after a lorry crashed into the front of a house, killing a 70-year-old woman, the council has said, while work to secure the site continues.
Five teenagers have been sentenced for their part in a mass riot in Torfaen which caused thousands of pounds worth of damage and left people "terrified" and "trapped" in their homes, a court has heard in a case of "unjustifiable violence".
Frankie Dettori produced a "masterful ride" to win the 2000 Guineas at Ascot for the second time in three years on 9-1 shot Air Force Blue, the winner of last year's Group One race.Â£1.5m winner Massat finished third.
India's government has proposed a bill that would ban the creation and distribution of "geospatial information" in the country, in a bid to protect the country's "security and sovereignty". Critics say the move is "unnecessary" and "unfair".
Rory McIlroy missed the cut at the Tour Championship for the first time in his career as Lee Westwood shot a five-under-par 66 to take a share of the lead after day one of the final event of the season-ending event.
The National Portrait Gallery (NPG) has launched a fundraising campaign to buy a rare painting of a slave who was brought to the UK as a slave by a lawyer in the 17th Century and brought back to the country by a British aristocrat in the 18th Century.
The public hearings into allegations against former Labour peer Lord Janner are to be delayed until next year, the inquiry into child sex abuse claims against him has been told at a hearing in the UK's most senior civil servant's office.Thirty-three alleged victims have been granted "core participant status" in the public inquiry.
Voting has begun in England's local council and mayoral elections, as well as in the South Shields by-election, which is being held on Thursday night and will be declared early on Friday morning, with results expected to be announced later in the early hours of Friday morning.
Palestinians in Jerusalem have celebrated the removal of Israeli security apparatus from the al-Aqsa mosque complex, a day after Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu scrapped controversial new security measures at the holy site in the city's Old City where they had been boycotting the site.
An eight-year-old girl who went missing in India more than a month ago has been found safe and well after a social media campaign by her family.Police say they suspect her kidnappers panicked and abandoned her following widespread media coverage and social media efforts to find her.
Police investigating the discovery of three human feet in a park are searching the area where they were found in a garden and in a nearby park as part of a major new search of the area they believe was used as a teaching aid in the 1970s and 1980s.
Plans for a second "smart motorway" on the M4 in Reading have been unveiled.The government is to decide whether to go ahead with the controversial scheme, which would see the hard shoulder turned into a "refugee lane" for stranded drivers.
Radon gas has been found in the walls of homes in Jersey and Guernsey for the first time in more than 30 years, a survey has revealed.Fourteen island homes tested were above the action level recommended by the UK Health Protection Agency for exposure to the gas.
Aberdeen City Council has announced plans to make cuts of more than £1m to services in the town over the next three years, in a bid to save £1.5m in the next financial year, the authority has said in a press release.
Alastair Cook and Tom Westley hit centuries as Essex dominated the first day of their County Championship Division Two match against Hampshire at Chelmsford, despite rain halting play for more than an hour at the end of the first session at the Ageas Bowl.
Two police forces in South Yorkshire are to merge their police dog units in a bid to save Â£1m over the next three years, it has been announced in the latest round of cost-cutting measures by the county's police and crime commissioner (PCC).
Two police forces failed to spot a man driving the wrong way on motorways before he crashed and killed a man in a head-on collision, an inquest has been told, with "no intervention" from either force at the time of the crash.A senior officer has apologised to the families of the victims.
Linfield reached the second qualifying round of the Europa League with a hard-fought 0-0 draw at San Marino's La Fiorita in the first leg of their last-32 tie at the Stadio Comunale di Monigo on Tuesday.
Plans to create more marine protected areas in Welsh waters have been scrapped, the environment minister has said.The marine minister has withdrawn all the proposals for new zones in order to "avoid any continuing uncertainty" over the options for protecting fish and other marine life in the waters.
Paddy McAllister has left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent to return to his native Londonderry on a one-year deal.Â£20,000 compensation package has been agreed with the Hatters for the player.Â© Paddy O'Connell.
A man has been arrested after a police officer was hit by a car in Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, which failed to stop at the scene and crashed into a police car.Â£10,000 worth of cannabis has been recovered from the back of the vehicle, it has emerged.
DNA belonging to one of two men accused of throwing acid in the face of a journalist has been found on a jacket at the scene of the attack, a court has been told by a forensic expert.Â£1m odds on anyone else not related to them being involved were a billion to one, a jury has heard.
Thousands of people are expected to turn out for the opening night of the annual Celtic Festival in the Western Isles on Friday night in Stornoway in the Outer Hebrides, the Scottish government has said in a statement to BBC Caithness and the Moray News.
The number of women entering convents in the UK is at its highest level for 25 years, the Catholic Church has said, suggesting a generation has "turned a corner" in women's desire to join the Church in England and Wales to become a nun or religious sister.
Wolves striker Marnick Zyro is set to be out for at least a year with a serious knee injury and faces a lengthy spell on the sidelines, says the Championship club's medical staff and head of medical.Â£1.5m-rated head coach.
A British-Iranian woman jailed in Iran for five years has had her appeal against her five-year sentence dismissed, her husband has said, but was accused of being a spy and of working for the BBC's Farsi service when it was launched in 2009.
Non-league side Chesham United were knocked out of the FA Cup in the first round by Bradford City, who reached the third round for the first time in the competition's history with a 4-0 win at Valley Parade.Â£1m Bradford City are through to the fourth round for only the second time in their history.
A man who spent more than 40 years in prison for beating a woman to death in a cemetery in Derbyshire in 1973 has claimed he has new evidence that could have cleared him of her murder, the BBC's Crimewatch programme has learned from a former police officer.
A police officer who was Tasered four times by a man who killed a woman at a hostel has told an inquest it was "unbelievable" to see the "horrific" moment she entered the room where she was stabbed to death.
The head of the Organisation of American States (OAS), Luis Almagro, has accused Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro of being a traitor to his people, in a fresh attack on the Venezuelan leader's claims that the US is behind the country's economic crisis.
A fire station in Berkshire is to close permanently as part of a £1.4m fire service cutback in a bid to save money, the fire authority has announced, despite concerns from residents and the public about its future.Â£1.2m has been saved from the closure of two others.
If you are an ardent Brexiteer, stop before you crack open the champagne, because the Supreme Court is about to rule on whether Theresa May can start the formal process of leaving the European Union, and stop before your blood pressure goes through the roof.
A man has appeared in court charged with drug offences after the death of a 16-year-old girl who is believed to have taken a so-called "legal high" substance at a park in the early hours of the morning, police have said in a statement.
A nine-year-old boy in New Zealand has won a $1m (Â£700,000; $1.1m) bonus bond jackpot, the country's biggest ever, according to the National Bank of New Zealand (ANZ).
Forest Green Rovers have signed 19-year-old midfielder Ben Davies on a two-year deal after he impressed during a trial spell with the National League club.Â£1,000-a-week deal was offered to him by his former club Wrexham.
Noble Energy, Asia's biggest commodity trader, has warned that it expects to report a loss of $2.5bn (Â£1.9bn) this year as falling commodity prices continue to hurt its energy division and weak economic growth in China.
South African police have replaced the detective at the centre of the Oscar Pistorius murder trial with a new officer after he was reinstated on charges of attempted murder, the police chief has said in a press conference in Pretoria, South Africa's capital, where the athlete is being held.
Kirsty Williams has been leader of the Welsh Liberal Democrats since 2007 - and she is hoping to be re-elected in the assembly election on Thursday - but will she be able to win enough assembly seats to ensure she has a party group to lead for the next five years?
Nato countries must "shame the others" into increasing their defence spending, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said, as he called for a "fairer share" from the US and other Nato members to do more to protect the alliance's interests.
A court in Iran has arrested eight people for "spreading immoral and un-Islamic culture and promiscuity" on social media, a prosecutor has said, as part of a crackdown on online modelling agencies accused of defaming women's religious modesty and spreading "immoral culture".
Britain's Lizzie Armitstead won stage four of the Women's Tour as Netherlands' Marianne Vos retained the race leader's yellow jersey with victory in a sprint finish on the penultimate stage of the race in Northamptonshire on Saturday.
A woman found dead at a house in Greater Manchester has been named by police as a woman who had been in contact with officers before she died, a post-mortem examination has found, prompting a police complaint to the police complaints watchdog, the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC).
A US pit bull rescue centre is to fly a "dangerous" dog to the United States after its owner launched a last-ditch appeal against a police order to put her down, it has been confirmed by the BBC's Inside Out programme on Monday.
Hong Kong actress Michelle Yeoh has been named best actress at the Hong Kong Film Awards, the country's biggest film awards, in front of a crowd of more than 100,000 people in the city's historic Causeway Bay venue, Hong Kong's Yockey ground.
Britain's Emma Pooley has come out of retirement to compete in the time trial at the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where she could make her first appearance in a major Games since London 2012 and could earn a place in Team GB's cycling team for the Games.
A man has pleaded not guilty to owning a dog that fatally injured a man who died after being attacked by the dog he was walking on a country lane in the West Yorkshire countryside.A trial date has been set for a man accused of causing the death of his pet dog.
A man who was removed from a London Underground train after he was found to have wires in his backpack has said he was "humiliated" to be marched off for questioning twice in less than 24 hours by security staff at Heathrow Airport and then again by British Transport Police.
Portugal's government has approved a change in the country's citizenship laws to allow descendants of Jews forced to flee the Iberian peninsula in the 15th Century to be granted citizenship.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $1.8m) in back taxes will be paid to descendants of Sephardic Jews living in Portugal.
The Duchess of Cambridge has taken part in a tennis workshop organised by tennis star and tennis coach Judy Murray as part of a tour of school-based charities in the Scottish capital on Thursday.Â£1m worth of gifts for children's charities has been given to the duchess during her visit.
League Two play-off hopefuls Portsmouth moved to within two points of the automatic promotion places with victory over League One play-chasers AFC Wimbledon at Kingsmeadow on Tuesday night, despite being held to a goalless draw by the Dons.
The number of recorded homicides in Scotland has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years, according to the latest figures from the Scottish government's Office for the Protection of Scotland's Victims of Crime (OPSA).Â£1.5m has been spent on tackling alcohol misuse and so-called "casual violence" in the past year.
Warrington Wolves will host Wigan Warriors in the Challenge Cup quarter-finals, while Salford Red Devils travel to play Wakefield Trinity in the last eight at the Madejski Stadium for the first time in eight years on the opening weekend of the 2016 Super League season.
Household spending power levels in Northern Ireland have fallen to their lowest level in a year, according to a new report from the supermarket chain Asda and the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and the latest official figures for the region's households show on average they are £7 a week lower than this time last year.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton took a stunning victory in the Italian Grand Prix to move level on points with Ferrari at the top of the Formula 1 championship with just one race remaining of the season to keep alive his hopes of a fourth successive world title and a record-equalling 69th career victory.
Double Paralympic gold medallist Richard Whitehead has had his 40 back to back marathons in 40 days documented in a new photographic exhibition ahead of this summer's Games in Rio and Paralympics in London and Rio de Janeiro, organisers have said.
David Cameron and Jeremy Corbyn have agreed to work together to make Prime Minister's Questions a "genuine exercise in asking questions", as they took to the Commons chamber for the first time since the Labour leader's election victory on Monday.Â£20 a week would be better off next year thanks to an increase in the minimum wage, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said.
More than 1,000 crocodiles have escaped from a farm in South Africa's Limpopo province, where floods have killed at least 10 people, a local newspaper reports, citing the owner of the reptile farm, local media say, citing local reports.
US tycoon Donald Trump has threatened to sue the Scottish government if it goes ahead with plans to build an offshore wind farm off the Aberdeenshire coast, which he says would "destitute" Aberdeen and the city's reputation as an energy centre.The Scottish government has given the go-ahead for the project.
Conwy council is proposing to widen a lay-by in the town centre to make it safer for foreign tourists to get off coaches in Conwy to avoid a "frightening" experience of crossing the road when they get off them at the moment, it has been claimed.
Ulster Bank customers have been unable to withdraw money from their accounts on Friday because of a computer glitch that prevented them from making payments to their overdrafts, overdraft and overdraft accounts on their accounts, the bank has said.Â£1.5m of overdraft payments will be made on Saturday.
German police have released a man they had detained in connection with the Berlin lorry attack, saying he was not a contact person of the man suspected of carrying out the deadly attack, German media report, citing a source close to the manhunt for the suspect.
Russell Slade says taking Cardiff City to the Championship play-offs would be the biggest achievement of his managerial career, even if the Bluebirds fail to win promotion this time around at the end of the current campaign in the top-flight this season, as he has done three times before.
Two directors of an arts organisation on the Isle of Mull have been made redundant by the board of directors of Comar, which runs the island's arts body.A public meeting is to be held next week to discuss the decision to cut the number of artistic posts.
A $1.9bn (Â£1.1bn) European trust fund for Africa has been agreed at a summit in Malta, aimed at helping to reduce the number of migrants crossing the Mediterranean to Europe from sub-Saharan Africa and other parts of the world.
The UK's energy system will need to be re-shaped if it is to meet its climate change targets, a new report has warned, with more reliance on renewable energy.Â£1.5bn worth of wind farms replacing coal-fired power stations over the next 20 years.
The issue of private practice in the NHS in England has long been a source of frustration for senior doctors, but now the government is going to publish the details of how much private practice they do - and how much they earn - in the hope it will make them think twice about doing it.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a man died following a hit-and-run near Leicester railway station, police have said in a police statement to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website (UK news website) on Monday.
Bath ran in six tries as they beat London Irish for the first time since Sam Burgess' return to rugby league following his sacking by the Exiles to move to the top of the Premiership table with a bonus-point win at the Madejski Stadium.
The Beatles' management contract signed by John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr has failed to sell at auction in New York, fetching just under £100,000 at Sotheby's in the West Yorkshire town of Wrexham.
Residents of the Israeli city of Tel Aviv have been trying to come to terms with the fact that they too are now in the firing range of some of the rockets fired from the Gaza Strip, the BBC's Yolande Knell reports from the southern part of the city.
An 11-year-old Canadian boy was left stranded on an Air Canada flight after the airline failed to give him a seat on an overbooked flight, the airline has said, in the wake of the United Airlines overbooking controversy in the US.
Northern Irish teenagers are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts in other parts of the UK, according to a new report from a leading international think tank, but many are still anxious about exams and bullying, it has been suggested.Â£1.5bn is spent on education in Northern Ireland every year.
The number of flights in and out of UK airspace is set to hit a record high on Friday, but the ability to deal with it is being stretched to the limit, it has been claimed, as the government launches a consultation on the future of aviation in the country.
Social news site Reddit has killed off its "warrant canary" - a feature that indicates when a website has received a secret request for user data from the US government - but could it be a result of a legal battle?The site's disappearance is raising questions about the legality of the concept.
Thousands of women in northern India have been taking part in a selfie contest to find the most beautiful woman in the country - and some of the selfies have been winning the prestigious title for the first time in the history of the contest in the state of Haryana in north-west India.
Footage has emerged of Kenyan soldiers apparently looting the Westgate shopping centre in the aftermath of the deadly attack on the Kenyan capital, Nairobi, last month, local media reports say, as the authorities say the body of a fourth attacker has been found.
Clean-up work is under way at beaches in Norfolk and Suffolk hit by flooding earlier this month, after thousands of tonnes of waste was removed from the shoreline to prevent it from being blown away by the wind and rain.Â£500,000 of waste has been cleared from the area.
An elderly resident at a Carmarthenshire care home has died following an outbreak of flu, health officials have said, following a second death at a Swansea nursing home in a week in the space of a week.More than half the residents at the home tested positive for the virus.
Actor Brian Blessed has revealed how he helped deliver a baby in a park in the 1960s, after seeing his mother give birth to a stillborn baby girl in the same place where she gave birth to his own son, James Bond star John Cusick, 50 years ago.
A breast surgeon accused of carrying out unnecessary operations on patients has denied telling them they were "on the road to developing breast cancer", a court has been told in his opening statement to his trial.Â£1.5m compensation claims have been made against him by his victims.
A team of polar explorers are travelling across the Arctic Ocean to raise awareness of the effects of climate change on the north pole of the world's largest continent, the Arctic Circle, and how it affects the way people live and work in the north east of the country.
Google's profits for the three months to the end of September rose 10% to $3.1bn (Â£2.9bn), helped by a rise in advertising revenue of $1.8bn, up from $1bn a year earlier.
Senga, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe at Aintree as favourite Shutter Speed was beaten into second place by Tivoli in the final race of the meeting.Â£1.5m winner Senga's maiden season at Royal Ascot.
Gateshead moved into the National League play-off places with a hard-fought win at home to Wrexham, who remain without a league win this season."You come to watch football to see goals like our second one," said Gateshead boss Malcolm Crosby.
China has dismissed a UN tribunal's ruling that it does not have the right to make territorial claims in the South China Sea, saying the decision is "null and void" as it has no jurisdiction over the disputed waters in the area and is therefore "unlawful".
A graduate student at Glasgow University is using 3D technology developed in Scotland to study how our faces are affected by medical conditions such as Bell's Palsy and Asperger's syndrome, the BBC has learned from a Syrian refugee who hopes to take his work to the next level.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man in West Lothian.Police have said they are treating the death as "an isolated case".Â£10,000 of bail has been granted for his arrest and questioning.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium led by Nigel Travis, the owner of the Dunkin' Donuts and Baskin Robbins ice cream chain, for an undisclosed fee, BBC Radio London has learned, with the club's first pre-season game set to be held on Friday.
Prime Minister Theresa May could call an early general election if she wants to, and she has said she will do so if she gets the support of the House of Commons and the other parties to do so, BBC Newsnight's political correspondent Mark Lowen has learned.
More than 100 council staff are to return to work from a fire-damaged site after a man was arrested on suspicion of arson following a series of overnight fires, it has been announced.The fire service in Oxfordshire is to resume on Monday, the county's two largest councils said.
The amount of money spent on private ambulances to respond to 999 calls in England has risen by £46m in the past five years, figures obtained by the BBC have shown, as the NHS struggles to cope with a growing number of 999 calls a day.
Liverpool eased to a comfortable win over Burton Albion to move up to second in the Championship table and end the hosts' unbeaten start to the season with three wins from three games in the top four of the Premier League and one from their opening two games of the EFL Cup.
England off-spinner Danielle Hazell has been ruled out of the rest of the women's Twenty20 series in India because of a shoulder injury suffered in a training session earlier this week, the ICC Women's World Twenty20 selectors have announced on Tuesday.
Ipswich Town's new signing Paul Taylor says he is learning to earn the respect of his new team-mates at Portman Road, after his first day at the club on his return from a spell in Major League Soccer in the United States was a "great experience".
Police investigating the rape of a teenage girl in Greater Manchester have released an e-fit of two men they want to speak to in connection with the attack on the night of Christmas Eve last year, in which she was taken to hospital with "life-changing" injuries.
League Two side Gateshead have signed Notts County full-back Ben Atkinson on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.Â£20,000-rated Newcastle United midfielder Jordan Atkinson has joined National League club Gateshead on a month's loan.
US President-elect Donald Trump has dismissed as "ridiculous" reports that the CIA has concluded that Russia meddled in the US election, saying they are "just another excuse" for the Democrats to blame it on the Russians for the election defeat he suffered.
Portuguese shares and government bonds have fallen sharply as investors reacted to the prospect of a new left-wing coalition government taking power in Tuesday's parliamentary election, which is expected to result in the ousting of the governing centre-right coalition after months of political uncertainty.
Welsh snowboarder Charlotte Potter says she is aiming to qualify for the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea, despite missing out on a place at the 2017 Winter Games in Sochi, Russia, by just 0.01% of the total points.
Four men have admitted carrying out an armed raid on a Fife flat in which they threatened a man and woman with an air pistol and stole a cash machine and jewellery worth Â£2,500 from the home.Â£10,000 has been recovered by police.
League Two side Colchester United have signed former Coventry City midfielder Andy Reid on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the season.
Cameron Toshack is the type of manager you'd expect to see in the early 1980s - a man who would be called the "John Toshack" because of the name he shares with his father John, who was the man who brought Swansea City to the Premier League.
Poorer young people are more likely to be caught up in the criminal justice system, according to a study of crime and poverty in Edinburgh in the past 20 years, it has been claimed by the Scottish government and the National Crime Agency (NCA) in a report.
A man has been found guilty of the "brutal" murder of a teenager who was stalked by her ex-boyfriend for more than a year before she was found dead in her bungalow, a court has heard, after he filled a petrol can with fuel to kill himself.
"I have never fallen off my horse, but I have taken three people out of the saddle," says Jason Gough, a jouster from Oxfordshire who spends most of his weekends trying to knock another knight off his horse, in a medieval knight's battle.
A British company has been named by French authorities investigating an outbreak of E. coli linked to sprouts sold in the UK, the BBC has learned from the French authorities in Bordeaux, who have banned the sale of three types of sprouted seeds in the country.
Fertility services in Hartlepool will not be offered a new contract because the current provider is already running them, a council has said in a bid to save the service in the area from being closed, BBC Teesside has been told by a health watchdog.
A section of the M42 has reopened after being closed for more than 24 hours following a fatal crash in which a man died and a lorry driver was injured in a crash on the carriageway near Coleshill, West Midlands Police have said.
The partner of footballer Adam Johnson has told a court he cheated on her with "quite a few" other women while he was on trial for sexual activity with a 15-year-old girl in March last year, a court has been told by his defence.
Young people in England are being left behind by their parents' generation, a report by the government's top adviser on social mobility has said, warning that the mood in the country is turning "ugly" and "deeply corrosive" of social cohesion.
Israel's prime minister has said Iran's recent missile test may have violated a UN Security Council resolution banning the country from developing missiles capable of carrying nuclear warheads, in a warning to the country's international allies and to the US, the US and UK alike, and to Iran's international community.
A live Twitter feed of engineering work on the East Coast Main Line has been launched in a bid to "reassure passengers that Network Rail can deliver on its promises" following the "embarrassing fallout" from delays to the line after Christmas.Â£1bn of engineering works on the line have been blamed for the delay.
Welsh boxer Andrew Selby will make his professional debut in Cardiff on Saturday when he takes on fellow Welshman Josh Norman in a light-heavyweight contest at the Principality Stadium on Saturday, 27 April.Â£100,000 will be at stake.
Glasgow Warriors' Champions Cup campaign began with a heavy defeat at home to Northampton Saints on Saturday, and their hopes of reaching the quarter-finals were dented by a defeat in their opening group game in the competition for the first time in the history of the competition.
Match reports from the weekend matches in the Scottish Premiership, Championship and League Two, as leaders Celtic beat Motherwell and Dundee beat Rangers while Dundee United beat Queen of the South to reach the last 16 of the Scottish Challenge Cup at the expense of Queen of League One.
Sheffield United moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with a comfortable victory over Chesterfield at the Keepmoat Stadium MK Dons, who are now without a win in eight games in all competitions.Â£1.5m Blackpool remain in the relegation zone after losing to Rochdale.
A conference is being held in Snowdonia this weekend to discuss the importance of place names, and how they affect people's understanding of Wales' landscape and history.Â£50,000 of funding has been pledged by the Welsh language and culture body Llên Natur for the project.
Labour's Welsh election campaign has been dominated by the issue of how to pay for the NHS, the living wage and how to keep people in Wales safe - but how many of the party's five pledges can you name from the launch of its Welsh campaign card?
Great Britain won four gold medals on the opening day of the Rio Paralympics, including three in the space of an hour in the rowing and two in the track cycling, to finish second in the medal table behind China in the Rio Games for the first time since 2000.
An independent judge is to review the Metropolitan Police's handling of child sex abuse allegations, the force has said, amid claims it went too far in investigating claims against ex-police officers and senior figures in the 1970s and '80s, BBC Newsnight has learned.
The Man Booker Prize will be won by either American author Patterson Patterson or Japanese author Haruki Nakajima Yanagihara, who has been shortlisted for this year's £50,000 prize, or American writer Tyler Tyler, who is favourite to win for the first time.
A former chaplain to the Archbishop of Canterbury has resigned over a reading from the Koran at a cathedral in Glasgow which he said was "badly done badly, in the wrong way" and was "in the wrong context" and "done badly in the right place".
Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik has complained that his cell in a maximum security prison is too small, his lawyer has said, after the document was leaked to a newspaper by his defence team to the media and his lawyer.Â£2,000 (Â£1,800; $2,800) in damages, according to the paper.
Phil Mickelson carded a six-under-par 66 to take a one-shot lead into the final round of the Open Championship at Royal Troon after a rain-hit first round at the weather-delayed event at Royal Birkdale.
The leak of a draft version of the Labour Party's general election manifesto to the Daily Mirror and the Sunday Mirror is the latest in a series of leaks from within the party that has led to an internal row over who is to blame for the leak and how it came to happen.
A drug that could be used to treat Alzheimer's disease has been shown to be safe and effective, according to a small trial in the brain, the first of its kind to be published in a major scientific journal for the disease's diagnosis and treatment.Experts are cautiously optimistic that a new treatment is on the horizon.
Northern Ireland's Attorney General John Larkin has "gone too far" and should resign, Sinn Féin's Gerry Adams has said.The DUP's Gerry McCann has called for him to leave the Northern Ireland Assembly over comments he made on the abortion law.
A former reality TV star attacked a teenager in a supermarket aisle after she gave negative feedback on a book he had written, a court has been told in a bid to get her to change her mind about publishing it online and stop stalking him.Â£1,000 in bail has been granted for a stalker who attacked her.
Atletico Madrid have won the La Liga title for the first time in their history as they held Barcelona to a thrilling draw at the Nou Camp to seal the title on goal difference and end a three-year reign of Spanish football's dominant Real Madrid.Â£75m-rated side.
A port on the Cromarty Firth is being used to store parts for a major offshore wind farm being built off the north west coast of Scotland, BBC Scotland has learned from the BBC Scotland news website on the construction of a wind farm in the Moray Firth.
A man suspected of murdering his Scottish partner in Lapland has been imprisoned in a Finnish prison.The couple's bodies have been found in a remote part of the north-west of the country, Finnish police have said in a court statement to the BBC.
A Swansea man who played a key role in the development of radar technology has been honoured with a blue plaque in his home city for his contribution to the field of radio astronomy and his work in helping the Allies in World War Two and in the creation of the atomic bomb.
Welsh photographer David Jenkinson has captured the beauty of the Welsh countryside in a series of stunning still-portrait portraits, some of which can be seen at the National Port Talbot gallery on the BBC's Aberystwyth News website and on the Welsh language website.
The Woodland Trust is calling for more trees to be protected in the UK, in a bid to save them from being cut down to make way for more homes and more businesses to build on the land around the country, and to build new homes in the future.
The Afghan Taliban have released a number of police officers who had been held hostage by the militants for more than a week at a base in the north-east of the country, officials have said, in a deal with local police commanders and their local commander in the area.
Wales is set to celebrate its rich cultural heritage with a week-long celebration of music and dance over Christmas and New Year's Eve in the city of Merthyr Tydfil and throughout the year after that in the capital, Cardiff, it is also home to one of the world's most important music festivals.
Delays in discharging patients from critical care units in Wales have increased, according to a new report by the Welsh government's deputy health minister and the health minister, Vaughan Gething, and the NHS in Wales has been told to make "robust plans" to improve.
Former Swansea City boss Frank Lampard has been named as the new manager of Major League Soccer side Los Angeles Galaxy on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the job if he is not sacked by the end of the 2018-19 season.
Thirty-six Yazidi people who were held captive by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants have been rescued, the UN says, in the first such case of its kind in Iraq since the group was ousted from Mosul in June 2014 in a US-backed offensive.
Police in the Spanish town of Platja d'Aro in Catalonia have detained three German women after a flashmob turned into a mass stampede in which people dressed as paparazzi took to the streets of the seaside resort of Tenerife.
Who are the best teams to have played international football in the world's major tournaments, and who are the greatest teams of the last 50 years or so? - or, more specifically, the greatest team to have never played an international match in a major tournament?
A massive earthquake has hit the country of Nepal in north-west Asia, in South Asia, killing hundreds of people and injuring many more.Rescue workers are searching for survivors who may be trapped in the rubble after the huge earthquake hit the area on Saturday morning.
The suspended chief executive of Wales' largest health board raised concerns about media coverage of his suspension from his job before he was suspended, BBC Wales has been told in emails obtained by the Welsh Government and the BBC Wales Audit Office (WBO). The organisation has said it is unable to comment on the matter.
The Knights of Malta are the world's oldest and most famous religious order, but they are changing, writes Matthew Festing, who has spent the past five years as their new leader in the Italian capital Rome, where he has been explaining how they have gone from being exiled from Jerusalem to becoming a global power, to now ruling without actually having a state to govern.
Julie Carr, the actress who played Liesl von Trapp in The Sound of Music, has died at the age of 89, her publicist has said, a day after the film was released 50 years after she made her debut in the hit musical.
A hacker who handed a list of US military personnel to the so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been sentenced to 20 years in prison in the United States for terrorism-related offences, US officials have said, calling it a "horrific" attack.
It's that time of year again when it comes to predicting the top three drivers in Formula 1 - or at least the top two, as it was at the British Grand Prix on Sunday afternoon - and here's why you might want to try your hand at it again.
Surrey's police chief constable Nicky Owens has been accused of "moral cowardice" by a police and crime commissioner who lost confidence in her before she was appointed director-general of the National Crime Agency (NCA), the BBC has learned from newly disclosed documents.
Hospital bosses at Carlisle's Carlisle General Hospital have said they are investigating a "potentially serious incident" after a patient was found to have been given a potentially harmful substance in the toilets.More details are expected to be made public in the coming days.
Tennis star Andy Murray has been recognised in the New Year Honours list for his services to the sport and to Scottish public life, along with other well-known Scottish figures who have made an impact in the world of sport and sport.The man tasked with chairing the cross-party commission on Scottish devolution has been made a Member of the Companions of Honour.
Wales wing George North says he wants to score more tries in the build-up to this summer's World Cup in New Zealand, rather than focus on just one or two in the autumn internationals ahead of the tournament in June and July."It's my job to score tries," says the fly-half.
A French aid worker who was kidnapped in Yemen in February has been released after more than two months in captivity, the French government has said, after Oman helped secure her release.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in cash and gifts.
Talks aimed at resolving a dispute over a new contract for Caledonian MacBrayne ferry workers are to resume on Wednesday, the RMT union has said.Â£1.5m of public money is to be spent by the ferry operator in a bid to avoid further strike action.
England captain Joe Root says his side have a "point to prove" when they face Sri Lanka in Saturday's World Twenty20 Group 1 match in the Indian Premier League, which is a "must-win" game for both sides.Â£1m prize money will be at stake if they win.
More than 100 people have been killed in floods and landslides in the north-eastern Indian state of Manipur, officials say.The death toll is expected to rise further after heavy rains caused by torrential downpours and strong winds, officials have said.
German police have arrested two Algerian men suspected of being involved in a plot to carry out a terror attack in Germany, prosecutors say.Police say they have foiled a plot by four men from the so-called Islamic State (IS) group to attack tourist sites.
Norwich City midfielder Kyle Lafferty has been fined £20,000 by the Football Association after being found guilty of a Football Association charge of match-fixing.Â£10,000 fine and a three-match touchline ban for failing to declare his betting on a match.
A 19-year-old man has admitted causing the deaths of two teenage boys by driving "like a lunatic" in a car he had bought for £1,000 on a "low-interest" car insurance scheme, a court has been told.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested at Heathrow Airport on suspicion of terrorism offences, the Metropolitan Police has said, as he arrived back in the UK from Turkey on a British Airways flight from Istanbul to Heathrow on Thursday night, the BBC understands.
Blackpool chairman Owen Oyston has been ordered to pay £30,000 to a fan who claimed he held a gun to the head of the club's board of directors during a row over the way he ran the football club, a judge has ruled.Â£10,000 libel damages have been awarded to the fan.
"There is no military solution to this crisis, there is no political solution to it, and there are no angels in this crisis - there are only the "devils in the crisis".Â£1.5bn, $1.2bn, £1.3bn,  Â£8.5 billion.
A Holiday Inn hotel in Aberdeen has been put up for sale for £2.5m, two months after it was put into administration with the loss of £17.7m in its owner's bank account, it has been announced in the latest round of the property's sale.
Andre Ward will defend his world titles against Sergey Kovalev in a rematch at the MGM Grand Garden Arena in Las Vegas on Saturday, 29 April.The winner of their first fight will become the first man to win all three belts in the same year when the two boxers meet again.
Plans to cut legal aid in criminal cases in England and Wales will mean defendants will not be able to choose a lawyer who understands their case, a former High Court judge has warned the UK's most senior barrister has said in a BBC interview on the BBC's Today programme.
The last surviving member of Adolf Hitler's personal entourage has died at the age of 100, 70 years after the Fuehrer took his own life in the bunker where he was hiding from the Allies in World War Two, his family has confirmed to the BBC.
Ospreys moved to within a point of the Pro12 play-off places with a bonus-point win over Ulster at Kingspan Stadium which leaves the Irish province in danger of missing out on a top-four finish in the table for the first time this season.
The owners of a mine in Cornwall which caught fire earlier this month have been served with a health and safety notice after a fire that left 11 workers missing and seven others injured, the BBC has learned from the Health and Safety Executive.Â£1.5m of fines has been imposed on the company.
A woman who claims she was sexually abused as a child by a "monster" has told a court she did not want to "go to my grave knowing that I let him get away with it" because she felt "dirty and ashamed" of not making a complaint sooner.
Essex and Glamorgan will hope to secure their place in the T20 Blast quarter-finals with a win at Chelmsford on Sunday.Â£1.5m prize money will be at stake in the final group game of the 2016 season, with both sides still in the hunt for a top-four finish.
The UK's three Brexit ministers are travelling to the US, Australia and Mexico as they seek to secure trade deals with other countries after the UK leaves the European Union, the BBC has learned from the Foreign Office and the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme on the eve of the referendum.
A 26-year-old man is being sought by police in connection with an alleged fracas at a football match between two non-league clubs in which a player appeared to get a knife out of his pocket and threaten to stab a rival player, it has emerged.
The death of a man whose body was found in a drain in Lincolnshire is not being treated as suspicious, police have said, after a post-mortem examination was carried out on the body of a 73-year-old man found in the water was successful.
In the fields of Pisky, a village on the front line in eastern Ukraine, there was a small moment of peace, a rare moment of calm in the midst of a war that has lasted a year and claimed the lives of more than a quarter of a million.
Cardiff Devils head coach Scott Kelman says he does not feel bad for Sheffield Steelers, who will have to play the Challenge Cup final the night before the Welsh side play in the Elite League on Sunday, 2 March."I think it is kind of silly," says the Devils' head coach.
Singer Phil Collins has been forced to postpone two concerts in London after he was injured in a fall at his first gig in 10 years on Wednesday night at London's O2 Arena, his management has said, adding he is "recovering well" and "excited to return".
A man has appeared in court charged with the attempted murder of a woman who was stabbed in the head with a knife while trying to protect her two-year-old daughter from a man who was trying to steal her car keys, a court has been told.
Snooker's world governing body has voted to keep the Shoot Out as a ranking event, despite players voting against this year's event being counted as a non-ranking event by the sport's governing body World Snooker after a controversial run-in last year.
London 2012 gold medallist Charlotte Dujardin will defend her World Cup dressage and high-jump titles at this year's Olympia Horse of the Year showjumping event in London on Wednesday, 16 December, with fellow Briton Charlotte Brash also in action.
Shutter Speed, ridden by Frankie Dettori, won the Musidora Stakes at Newbury in a rain-disrupted finish to boost her chances of victory in the Derby at Epsom on 9 June, but she will now head to France for the French Oaks.
The disappearance of 43 students in Mexico in Guerrero state in 2014 has shocked the country and shocked the international community, but it has not ended the search for the missing Ayotzinapa students, all of whom are now thought to have been killed by a gang linked to organised crime.
National Theatre artistic director Danny Norris has said he is considering introducing quotas to increase diversity in the theatre to reflect the needs of disabled and minority ethnic (BAME) actors.ÂÂÂâ€ÂÂ¦ audiences in London's West End and the rest of the country.
Michael Dunlop set the fastest speed of the week in Thursday night's second practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he set a new lap record in the Superstock class on the penultimate day of qualifying at Donington Park on Thursday night to lead the overall leaderboard.
For miles around you can be seen a field of red and white moorland, dotted with tiny patches of green in the middle of a field where a few sheep are grazing on a patch of green grass and a few lambs are grazing in a field.
A Dundee food chain has gone into administration, with the loss of 70 jobs, it has been announced on the official website of the company that owns the business and the Anthony's food outlets in the city centre and in the town centre of the city itself.
A drugs gang which supplied cocaine and mephedrone worth up to £4.5m has been broken up in a "sophisticated" police operation in south Wales, a court has been told in a bid to crack down on organised crime.
A motorcyclist has admitted causing the death of a cyclist who was knocked down and killed by his motorbike on a Nottingham city centre bike lane, leaving her husband with a "constant feeling of loss" about what happened to his "beautiful" wife.
Junior doctors in England are to be balloted on a new contract after the government said it would impose a new deal on them if they refused to accept a deal already agreed with their employers, the BMA has said, in a dispute which could lead to a strike.
An investigation is under way into the way dogs seized under the Dangerous Dogs Act are cared for at a kennel in Devon, the RSPCA has said, after a member of staff was bitten by one of the animals there, the BBC has been told.
Volkswagen has said it will stop production at five of its plants in Germany because of a dispute with two car parts suppliers, which could lead to the loss of up to 27,000 jobs in the UK and other European countries over the next few days.
Young people would get free bus passes to get to university and work if the Liberal Democrats win power, Deputy PM Nick Clegg has said, as he set out his party's plans for a "fairer society" in his first major speech since becoming party leader.
Dwayne Bravo hit a century as Pakistan beat West Indies by eight wickets in the first day-night Test in Dubai to take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series in the United Arab Emirates and level the five-match contest at 1-1.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) - the EU's new system for extraditing suspects to the country where they are wanted - was introduced in the wake of the 9/11 attacks in 2001 and has come under intense scrutiny in the UK and elsewhere in Europe.
Hospitals and care homes across the UK will be serving up a festive feast of turkey, stuffing and Christmas pudding on Christmas Day, but not for the faint-hearted, it will be for the hard-working staff who work in the wards and in the hospitals.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel headed a Red Bull one-two in first practice at the Spanish Grand Prix as Pirelli ran the soft tyres for the first time in a race weekend for more than a decade.Lewis Hamilton was second fastest as Mercedes focused on the medium tyre.
The family of a British woman who was found dead in a toilet at a Turkish airport have said she acted alone and there was no evidence of a struggle or attempt to save her life, their statement says.The family have said they are "deeply sceptical" about initial reports of her death.
England fly-half Emily Scarratt has been ruled out of the Women's Six Nations because of a hamstring injury picked up in a training session in March.Hooker Vicky Fleetwood has been named in the squad for this summer's tournament in the Republic of Ireland.
A man who claims he was sexually abused by a BBC radio DJ has told a court he was "obsessed" with her and "craved" sex with her after she had sex with him when he was a teenager, a court has been told.
Britain's Chris Froome and Australia's Richie Porte Porte retained the overall lead in the Criterium du Dauphine, as Spain's Alberto Contador retained the leader's yellow jersey for the second year in a row at the expense of compatriot Julian Alaphilippo Aru.
Joe Cardle scored twice as Dunfermline Athletic beat 10-man Falkirk at East End Park to move to within a point of the Championship play-off places.Â£500,000 in the balance of play was paid for by the visitors' three red cards.
The Electoral Commission has launched a booklet to give people who are not registered to vote in the EU referendum the chance to "miss out" on Thursday's referendum if they do not register to do so by the 7 June deadline - and to consider applying to vote by proxy.
The Totten Glacier in Antarctica is likely to start to retreat even further inland as a result of climate change, according to a new analysis of the ice sheet's past and present behaviour, and could even reverse course if this happens in the future, say scientists.
When President Donald Trump fired FBI Director James Comey on Tuesday, the reaction in the US media was as swift as it was in the aftermath of Richard Nixon's infamous "Saturday Night Massacre" four decades ago: outrage, outrage, shock, shock and outrage.It was like a scene out of the Watergate scandal.
Six offshore workers exposed to low levels of radioactive radiation on a North Sea platform have been told they face cancer fears, a union has said, after raising concerns about their health and safety with the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) and the company they worked for.
A man has been jailed for 16 years for the manslaughter of a man who was stabbed to death in Essex in a drugs-related feud.Â£100,000 worth of cocaine has been seized from his home in Norway, a court has heard, after he was extradited to the UK.
A boat carrying migrants trying to reach Europe from Africa has sunk off the coast of Libya with the loss of many lives, the Italian coastguard has said, as rescuers try to find survivors and recover the bodies of more than 30 people who are feared dead.
The parents of Anni Dewani, who was shot dead in South Africa four years ago, say they will be "tortured" by the trial of her husband's alleged killer as they wait to find out what happened to their "beautiful daughter".
The third one-day international between England and Sri Lanka was abandoned without a ball bowled as rain washed out the final day at Bristol, with the hosts set a revised target of 129 to win.The game ended in a draw after a rain-affected draw.
As the government looks to devolve more powers to the East Midlands, BBC News takes a look at why some towns and villages in the region have decided not to join in with the proposed new devolution deal, and why others have decided to do away with the idea.
AFC Wimbledon have launched an investigation after Charlton Athletic Bilbao boss Karl Robinson was racially abused by a fan during Saturday's 2-2 draw at Kingsmeadow Stadium, the club have said in a statement on their website on Monday night's FA Cup tie.
Hibernian cruised into the Scottish Cup quarter-finals with a thumping 8-1 win over Bonnyrigg Rose at New Dundas Park to reach the last eight for the first time in the club's history and end the Rosey Posey's 100-year history.
Scotland have called up South African-born fly-half Alex Jones for next month's two-Test series against Japan in Edinburgh."It's a dream come true" says the 22-year-old after being called up for the first time by the national team.
The Queen has sent her first official tweet since her 90th birthday, thanking followers for their "kindness" on social media.Â£1.5m has been sent to the monarch since she celebrated her official birthday earlier this month, it has been announced.
The first woman bishop in the Church of England has been consecrated at York Minster in a ceremony attended by more than 2,000 people, including a large group of dog walkers and members of the Royal Family and clergy from around the world, it has been announced.
Nottinghamshire fast bowler Jake Ball is in "fantastic form" with the ball, says director of cricket Dougie Read after the England and Wales Cricket Board player of the year impressed for the county against Lancashire on Wednesday."He's had a great winter with the Lions," said captain Chris Read.
The mother of the "Prince" of Sealand, who led an armed revolt against the UK in the 1970s and 80s, has died at the age of 90. She was a former radio operator from Ipswich, her son has said.Â£1m is to be donated to the charity Sea Shepherd.
A group of British ukulele players have lost a legal battle with a rival group in Germany over the use of their name and image.A judge has ruled in favour of one of their rivals in a trademark dispute over the band's use of the word "ukulele".
A times table check on 11-year-olds in England will be introduced in 2018-19, Education Secretary Nick Gibb has told MPs, reversing a decision to put the measure on hold by the previous Conservative government, it has been confirmed to the BBC.
US President Barack Obama has ordered a "full investigation" into the bombing of a hospital in Afghanistan which killed 22 people, including 12 medical staff.The US military says it is investigating the incident.The UN has called for an independent investigation into the deaths of those killed in the attack.
Crusaders have signed defender Mark McChrystal on a two-year deal after he was released by Tranmere Rovers at the end of the 2016-17 Irish Premiership season, with the option of a further 12 months in the club's favour.
"Look at this one," says Dedel, pointing to a tree in the middle of the forest in the Amazon region of Amazonia, where he and his family live in Brazil's Amazon rainforest, "and this is how we extract oil from the tree."
Ulster Rugby has defended its decision not to wear poppies during Sunday's Pro12 match against Newport Gwent Dragons at Kingspan Stadium in memory of those who died in World War One and World War Two.The club has said it will hold a memorial service on Tuesday.
Gateshead have re-signed striker Adam Johnson on a two-year contract after he rejected a new deal with fellow National League club Hednesford Town, reports BBC Radio Kent.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the player.Â€2,000
A massive video game burial site has been discovered on the Blackpool seafront in Lancashire, in the UK, according to the BBC's Panorama programme on Saturday. Click here to find out more about the site and how to find the video game that made it.
A Holyrood committee has voted in favour of a bill that would allow same-sex marriage to take place in Scotland.Campaigners have renewed their call for safeguards to protect those opposed to it after it was backed by MSPs for the first time.
TalkTalk customers in India are being conned out of thousands of pounds by scammers using stolen data stolen from the British broadband provider, whistleblowers have told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.The BBC has been given exclusive details of how the scam works, and how it works.
A hospital trust has been rated as "inadequate" by health inspectors following an inspection of two of the region's main hospitals in the past three months, it has been confirmed by the health watchdog after a report was published.The trust has said it has "work to do" to make improvements.
The Scottish government has said the oil and gas downturn is partly responsible for the country's slow economic growth over the last 10 years and should not be judged as a cause of concern by the Scottish government.Â£1bn of investment is needed to boost the Scottish economy, it has been claimed.
A woman who had a section of her ovary removed as part of her cancer treatment has become the first woman in Scotland to be able to have a baby following a pioneering new fertility treatment for girls and young women, it has been revealed in the Scottish Medical Journal.
Nick Yarris, who spent 23 years on death row in the US after being wrongly convicted of the rape and murder of a woman, has told the Victoria Derbyshire programme that he believes the death penalty saved his life, and is calling for it to be abolished.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Croatia's Borna Coric in straight sets to reach the second round of the Marseille Open, beating the fourth seed for the first time in the tournament's history at the age of 27 and ending the Briton's hopes of reaching the last 16.
MPs are back in the Commons today for the first time since the Brexit vote, and there's a good chance that the Queen's Speech will be overshadowed by the debate on the government's Brexit Bill, which is expected to get a lot of scrutiny in the Lords on Tuesday.
The chief constable of the Republic of Ireland's Police Service of Ireland (Róirín) has warned that the number of new recruits for the force will be at a standstill due to a lack of new officers in the coming year, writes the BBC's Pat McGrath.
Swansea City legend Alan Curtis has been at the club for more than 40 years and has played a key role in every aspect of their rise from the fourth tier to the top of the English game, but has never been sold, sacked or given a free transfer.
Emre Can's stunning goal in Liverpool's 2-1 win over Watford at Vicarage Road on Saturday has been hailed as one of the goals of the season by the club's manager and Match of the Day's Goal of the Month winner - and it could prove to be the difference.
A trial to see if a drug could prevent type-1 diabetes developing in childhood is to be launched in Scotland next month.If successful, it could save the lives of thousands of children across the country.Â£1.5m will be spent on a trial to find out if it could prevent the disease.
A man has appeared in court charged with the murder of a woman who was found stabbed to death at a house in the early hours of the New Year's Day morning and later died in hospital from a serious head injury.Comments have been made on social media following her death.
India's biggest online retailer, Flipkart, has raised $1bn (Â£800m) in fresh funding, making it the country's biggest e-commerce company. It is valued at more than $15bn, according to the latest figures.
The government has accused the High Court of trying to "stifle the will of the British people" by ruling it cannot trigger Brexit without the approval of Parliament, despite the majority of MPs backing a referendum on EU membership in 2015.The prime minister is to appeal against the ruling.
Police in Greece have launched an investigation into the far-right Golden Dawn party over an alleged attack on a left-wing MP in the capital, Athens, which left him with a broken cheekbone and a broken eye socket, the BBC has learned from the Greek police.
Alliance Trust is to cut costs by £6m a year and make two senior executives resign as part of a major overhaul of its management structure, the company has announced in a letter to its shareholders on its website and on its Facebook page.Â£6m of cuts are to be made to the company.
More than 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels of arsenic in their drinking water, a new study suggests, putting them at risk of long-term exposure to the toxic chemical poisoning caused by arsenic poisoning of soil and water supplies in the country.
Chris Froome has apologised for the way Team Sky has been "let down" by the way it has handled an anti-doping investigation, saying it was "hugely disappointing" to see the way the team has been portrayed by the media. But he has not ruled out the possibility of the team folding.
A protest has been held outside Liverpool City Council's headquarters over plans to set an illegal budget to save £156m over the next three years, the city's mayor has been told by a trade union leader who said it was "better to break the law than the poor".
A school in Lancashire is to close its A-level sixth form after the government said it could no longer provide post-16 education in the area, it has been announced to parents and pupils.Â£1m of funding has been secured to keep the school open.
England captain Dylan Hartley says he is not thinking about British and Irish Lions selection as he prepares to lead his side out for the first time in the autumn internationals this year."I just want to play well for my club and be in the frame for selection for my country," he says.
Scientists have successfully stitched a patch onto the hearts of animals that had suffered a heart attack, in a trial that could lead to a new treatment for patients with long-term damage to the heart.Â£1.5m research is being funded by the US National Heart Foundation.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new contract for midfielder Peter Whittingham when his current deal expires at the end of the current campaign in the January transfer window, despite the player being the club's joint-top scorer in the Championship.
The BBC Proms is one of the world's biggest concerts, with more than 118,000 people expected at this year's event in London's Royal Albert Hall (RAH) over the course of the next two weeks - but how does it all come together?
The former US Secretary of State for the Republic of Ireland has said he hopes US President Barack Obama will return to the country to visit his native County Offaly when he leaves the White House in January.Â£1bn worth of Irish bonds will be exchanged between the two countries, the Irish Foreign Affairs Minister has said.
Manchester United's Zlatan Ibrahimovic says team-mate Paul Pogba "likes the pressure" of playing in front of millions of followers on social media, after the midfielder's face was shown on advertising boards at Old Trafford on Monday night's Premier League match.
A woman who lost her hair when she was diagnosed with cervical cancer has said it was a "no brainer" to take part in a new trial in the UK which could help her to live longer than she had hoped to have her hair cut off at the time.
Gordon Strachan insists Scotland must win their World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they are to have any chance of qualifying for next summer's finals in Russia and the 2018 finals in the United States in Russia, and he will consider his own future if they do so.
A new study claims to provide evidence that early humans occupied the Americas some 115,000 years earlier than previously thought, by breaking up mastodon bones and using hammerstones and anvils to make stone tools to hammer out the marrow of mastodon teeth and bones.
Former England captain Stuart Pearce is set to make his professional debut for a non-league club that has been dubbed "the worst team in England" for the majority of the season - just a month after his debut for them was called off because of a frozen pitch.
The United Nations has warned the US President Donald Trump that cuts to its peacekeeping budget would "make it impossible" for the organisation to continue its work in the world's most troubled countries, such as Syria and Afghanistan, in the future, the UN has said.
Police investigating the death of a man who was hit by a car in North Lanarkshire have said they are following up "several lines of inquiry" into his last known movements and have appealed for witnesses to come forward to help them find his killer in the area.
Most children in England are not allowed to cross the road after dark, travel home from school after dark or walk to places other than school without supervision, a study has found, despite Finland being the top-performing country for children's freedom in Europe.Â£1.5bn is spent on child freedom every year, according to research.
Six police officers have been charged with assault after a man had three of his fingers cut off in custody, the police watchdog has said, in a case that could lead to a criminal investigation.Â£10,000 compensation is to be paid to the man's family.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle eased to a comfortable win over Partick Thistle to move to within a point of the Premiership play-off places.Â£1m-rated Inverness Caley Thistle moved seven points clear of the relegation zone with a comfortable victory at Firhill.
Millions of pounds in unpaid maintenance debts owed to single parents are being ignored by the government, figures seen by the BBC have revealed in the first part of a BBC investigation into government spending plans to tackle child poverty in England and Wales show, the BBC's 5 live Investigates has learned.
Comedian Russell Brand has deleted the phone number of a Daily Mirror reporter after he sent him an email asking him to send him his mobile phone number and email address, but not before some Twitter users contacted him to say they'd like to speak to him.
The Israeli election campaign is always a noisy affair - noisy, noisy and noisy affairs - but it is always interesting to see how long it takes to get the dust settling before the polls open on the first day of the new term of the country's new parliament, the coalition governments.
Scottish football clubs are no longer on the brink of financial collapse, according to the latest figures released by the Professional Footballers' Association (PFA) and Lloyds Bank, with all but Aberdeen now free of long-term bank debt and all but one of the league's five clubs operating at break even.
An appeals court in China has overturned the conviction of a veteran journalist for leaking state secrets to a US news website, state media say, after she pleaded guilty and her jail term was reduced to five years and she was allowed to leave prison on medical grounds, the BBC has learned.
A coroner has written to the health secretary urging her to ensure mental health patients in Cornwall are not being sent out of the county for treatment in order to avoid a repeat of the deaths of patients in Somerset and Gloucestershire, BBC News has learned from Cornwall's chief coroner.
New Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says he faces the "biggest challenge in world football" as he begins his time in charge of the club on Monday."Nobody is satisfied at the moment, but who cares, we want to be the best team in the world in the future," he said.
The amount of plastic bottles dumped on beaches in the UK has reached a record high, according to a survey of beach litter in England and Wales by a conservation charity.The charity is calling for a deposit return scheme to encourage recycling.Â£1.5bn worth of bottles should be returned to landfill sites, it says.
League One side Rochdale have signed defender Jack Whatmough on loan from Portsmouth until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer, for an undisclosed fee, on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
Playwright James Graham has said he is working on a TV drama about the EU referendum, which will tackle the "new mood we're living in" in the wake of the vote to leave the European Union, he has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
The latest series of Celebrity Big Brother was watched by an average of 2.4 million viewers on Thursday night, overnight figures show, according to overnight viewing figures from the BBC One show and ITV One's Red Button and Sky One Sport 1.1 million on the same day.
The Badger Trust has launched a legal challenge to the government's plans to cull badgers in England and Wales, saying the move is unlawful and could lead to the culling of up to 100,000 animals.Â£1.5m of taxpayers' money could be wasted.
The general election campaign is under way in the West Midlands, with the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats locked in a tight battle over who will lead the party in each of the region's local elections on 5 May. Click here for all the latest political news from across the UK.
The mining giants Vale and BHP Billiton have reached a deal to settle some of the biggest claims related to the collapse of a dam in Brazil's Minas Gerais state last year.The companies have said they will pay out $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) in damages.
Boeing has unveiled a new design for its cargo bins on its planes, which it says will reduce headroom for passengers by up to 2in (5cm) for carry-on luggage.Â£1.5bn (£1.2bn) in orders from airlines.
South Africa wrapped up a five-wicket win over Sri Lanka in the first one-day international to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series and level the series at 1-1.1.00 GMT on Friday.Â£1.3m will be paid out in the revised revised final price for the match.
A 51-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children as part of the Yewtree investigation, the Metropolitan Police has said in a statement to the BBC.Â£20,000 bail has been granted to a man who was arrested in connection with the investigation.
Luke Latham's maiden first-class century and a career-best 145 not out from Luke Steel put Durham in a strong position on day two against Gloucestershire at Chester-le-Street on day three of their County Championship Division Two match.Â£1.5m win over Gloucesterhire
League One side Norwich City have signed midfielder Alex Pritchard from Tottenham Hotspur for an undisclosed fee, while defender Nathan Jones has joined on a free transfer from League Two side Portsmouth.Â£1.5m has been spent on loan at West Bromwich Albion and Portsmouth.
The pound has risen and the stock market has fallen, so far at least, in the wake of the snap general election announcement by the Prime Minister Theresa May, but what do we know for sure about what is going on here and what is happening in the world of politics?
Two police officers who gave evidence at the inquest into the shooting of an IRA man in Londonderry more than 30 years ago should be reported to the Director of Public Prosecutions, Justice David Horner has said in a written ruling on the case.
An independent review of nursery staff is to be carried out following the death of a baby girl who choked to death while being fed shepherd's pie at a Greater Manchester school, the government has said in the wake of her death in an inquest in which a supervisor was found not to have first aid training.
More than 1,000 Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales since October 2015, Home Office figures have shown, despite criticism of the pace at which they are being taken in.The majority of them were taken in in the second half of the year, figures show.
Andy Murray beat Canadian Milos Raonic in straight sets to win his second Wimbledon title and end Britain's 77-year wait for a men's champion at the All England Club for the first time in 83 years with victory in the final on Centre Court.
An Edinburgh man has admitted giving his wife a fatal dose of heroin after she told him she would end their marriage if he did not quit his drug addiction and he refused to stop using the drug, a court has been told in a bid to help her recover from her illness.
Shrewsbury Town midfielder Emmanuel Ogogo could return to action in the League One club's final two games of the season after recovering from a serious knee injury, BBC Radio Shropshire has learned from the club's medical staff and the player's surgeon.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his Vuelta a Espana lead as Italy's Matteo Trentin won stage four in a sprint finish to take his third Grand Tour stage win of the season and move closer to the overall race leader's yellow jersey in the process.
American Jordan Spieth is one shot off the lead after the third round of the WGC-Dell Match Play in Hawaii as he attempts to win his first PGA Tour title in more than a year for the first time in his career for the second year in a row.
A large sinkhole that appeared in a residential street has been identified as a result of a "permian gypsum sinkhole", the British Geological Survey (BGS) has said in its first report on the site.Â£1m worth of damage caused by the hole.
England are "not far off" winning the limited-overs series in India, according to former spinner Graeme Swann, who says the hosts play "horrifically" with the ball in one-day cricket in the hosts' home country.
The Welsh Government is planning to cut jobs at a careers advice service run by the Unison union, the union has said, in a move it described as a "ridiculous way to plan and fund a key public service" by the union's Unison trade union.
Great Britain's Dan French and Dan Evans won silver in the mixed mixed-team event at the European Fencing Championships in Lille, but missed out on a third gold medal of the Rio Olympics on the final day of the event's first day of competition.
Watford have signed Colombia international defender Federico Zuniga from Napoli on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £8m.Â£4.5m, on a three-and-a-half-year contract.
Chancellor George Osborne is set to hold his third Spending Review, which will set the government's budget for the next four years and set out how much money it will be allowed to spend in the next Parliament and how much it will have to find savings in the public sector.
Daniel Craig is the "best actor" to play James Bond, according to the actor who played the 007 in the first five James Bond films, Sir Ian McKellen, who has written a book about his time on the spy-hunting spy-spy.
Kent captain Sam Northeast hit an unbeaten 185 as the Division Two leaders avoided the follow-on on the final day at Chelmsford to secure promotion to Division One with a draw against Division Two champions Essex at Grace Road, who finished the season on top of the Division One table.
Quebec City's Muslim community has been mourning the loss of six people killed and five injured in a shooting at a mosque in the city on Sunday night, with vigils and candlelit vigils held across the province.In the wake of the attack, many in the community have expressed shock and anger.
ITV production workers have voted to strike over pay and conditions, which could lead to a 24-hour stoppage of some of the broadcaster's TV and radio services.ITV has said it has "contingency plans" in place to ensure programmes go ahead as planned.
Glamorgan must improve "a helluva lot" this season if they are to challenge for promotion back to Division One of the County Championship, says head coach Justin Mott."This month of April is very important for everyone at the club and in Wales," he says.
Former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has been talking about the prison population in England and Wales on the Andrew Marr Show on BBC One's Crimewatch programme, in which he said: "We already have the highest rates of incarceration per head of the population in Western Europe."
A woman has been found guilty of the rape and sexual abuse of five children as part of an "organised" child abuse ring in Norfolk and London from the 1980s.Â£1m worth of toys, including Barbie dolls, were used in the abuse, a court has heard.
The oceans are on the brink of a mass extinction event and the world must take urgent action to protect them, a new report says in a warning to governments and the public that the time is running out to save the oceans from the worst effects of climate change and pollution.
So why is George Osborne today £23bn better off than he was in July, and why is he doing so much better than he thought he would be in July when he was the chancellor of the Exchequer's chief economist, George Osborne, and the head of the Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR)?
Tata Steel is in talks with workers at its Shotton plant in Newport about the possible closure of one of its main production lines, a union has said.Hundreds of jobs could be at risk if the move goes ahead, it has been claimed in a trade union.
At least 55 dead greyhounds have been found dumped in a shallow grave in Queensland, Australia, in the wake of an expose about the illegal practice of "live baiting" within the greyhound racing industry, animal welfare groups have told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC).
Falkirk manager Peter Houston has dismissed reports linking Tony Houston with a move to Sunderland as "100% speculation" about the teenager's future at Bannan Park, with the 17-year-old left-back's parents "sensible" to let him play for the club.
Paul Daniels, who has died at the age of 79, was one of the UK's best-known magicians, pioneering a new style of showmanship that appealed to a new generation of young audiences in the 1970s and '80s, writes the BBC News website's Mark Lowen.
The company that runs Southern rail paid out more than £2m in compensation to passengers last year for delays and cancellations caused by strikes, new figures have shown, the BBC has learned.The proportion of people claiming compensation for disruption has more than trebled in the past three years.
Police investigating the murder of an elderly man who was found stabbed to death in woodland have said they want to trace three men seen around the area on the day he was found dead, but are still keen to speak to two others seen in the same area at the same time.
An Australian politician has announced he is taking leave of absence from his job as a senator in Western Australia to deal with "a significant" amount of depression, which he says is a result of "anxiety and depression in my personal life". He has said he is seeking treatment for depression.
Smokers in Breckland will no longer be given a smoke break after a council voted to change its rules on smoking breaks in the workplace, it has been announced in a bid to cut down on the number of people smoking in the town's pubs and clubs.
A student has described the "inhumane" scenes inside the Bataclan concert hall in Paris where gunmen stormed the stage on Friday night, killing dozens of people and injuring many more, in a "nightmare" for those caught up in the terror attack in the French capital.
England were bowled out for 101 on day four of the second Test as Australia won by 263 runs to take a 2-0 lead in the Women's Ashes series with one match to play.England captain Charlotte Edwards' side's hopes of saving the series suffered a major blow as they lost the match in Melbourne.
Australian police have been asked to investigate the links between an Indonesian woman who died after drinking coffee laced with cyanide and her best friend, who is alive and well in Australia.Â£1m ($1.4m; $1.6m) has been paid to the family of a woman who was poisoned.
Nottingham Forest winger Oliver Burke has the potential to "give Usain Bolt a run for his money" if he realises his potential, according to former Scotland midfielder Michael McGovern."He's got a good chance of becoming a very, very good player," says the ex-Scotland international.
A man accused of murdering a woman whose body was found in a flat has appeared at the Old Bailey, where he did not have to attend court to enter a plea or make a pre-trial appearance in his own defence on the grounds of diminished responsibility for his alleged role.
The Sri Lankan government has criticised the media for failing to report the suicide of a Buddhist monk who set himself on fire in protest against the slaughter of cattle.The government has said the monk had been warned of his plan to take his own life before the incident.
Japan's Hitachi is to invest £1.2bn in two new nuclear power plants in the UK, creating up to 12,000 jobs, the company has said in a statement to the government.The deal has been welcomed as a "vote of confidence" in the future of the industry.
Scotland's only Labour MP has said the party cannot go back to the "big beasts" of the past to win back the trust of voters, as the party prepares to elect a new leader in a matter of weeks and faces a challenge to regain its former prominence.
Jurassic World, the sequel to 1993 blockbuster Jurassic Park, has topped the US and China box office in its first weekend of release, taking more than $300m (£200m) in both territories.Here are some of the key figures behind the film's success.
An Australian woman has been arrested in Colombia for allegedly trying to smuggle cocaine with a street value of A$350,000 (Â£280,000; $400,000) into the country, her family has said, calling her a "naive" victim of drug trafficking.
Neymar scored his first Barcelona goal of the season as the defending champions lost at home to Sevilla to slip to third in La Liga and extend their lead at the top of the table to seven points.Â£100m-rated Barcelona missed the chance to move level on points with title rivals Real Madrid.
Thieves have made off with a number of items of farm equipment during a raid on a farm in the Scottish Borders, Police Scotland have said in a fresh appeal to catch the culprits who carried out the theft.Â£10,000 worth of tools have been stolen.
When Neil Patrick Harris took to the stage at the Oscars on Sunday night, he was not only the host of the show - he was also the star of the night, and one of the most memorable moments of a night that was, in many ways, a bit of a letdown.
The UK is due to leave the European Union on 29 March, but what does that mean for trade with the rest of the EU and the World Trade Organization (WTO) and what is it likely to mean for the UK's trade with other members of the organisation?
Action Man toys are celebrating 50 years since they first appeared in the UK - but the toy is still a hit with collectors 50 years after the toy's launch in the country, it has been revealed - with the release of a set of vintage toys. Â£6,000 at auction in London.
A floating sculpture of the moon has been installed in the Great Hall of the University of Bristol to give the public the chance to "bathe in moonlight" and "experience the moon" for the first time in the city's history.Â£1.5m worth of artwork has been commissioned by the university.
A new 3D printer that can control the dribbling of liquid glass has been developed by a team of researchers, who have found a way to control the flow of the glass using a "sewing machine" like a sewing machine - by adjusting the speed of the nozzle.
Roger Federer became the first man to win back-to-back Wimbledon singles titles as he beat Richard Gasquet in straight sets to win the men's wheelchair singles for the first time in the tournament's history at the Stade Pierre-Mauroyto in France.
Motorists have been urged to take care on Scotland's roads as wintry weather continues to cause disruption and accidents.The Met Office has issued a yellow "be prepared" warning of severe weather for parts of the country on Tuesday night into Wednesday morning, with warnings of snow and ice.
Blackpool and Wycombe played out a goalless draw at Bloomfield Road in League Two, with both sides failing to score for the first time in the space of five games.Â£1m-rated Blackpool goalkeeper Jamal Blackman produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a point.
A man has been injured in a gun attack on a house in west Belfast in which one other person was also injured, the PSNI has said.Police are treating the incident as a "deliberate act of terrorism".Â£10,000 of damage has been caused to the property.
Two two-year-old girls in the US state of Florida have taken their mother's car after finding the keys in a floor mat and drove it down a country road in a stolen vehicle, police say.Officials believe they were trying to get to their grandfather's farm when they crashed.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after being found injured in an Edinburgh street in the early hours of the morning, Police Scotland have said in a new appeal to help find the cause of his injury.Â£10,000 is being sought by officers investigating a serious assault.
The 70th anniversary of one of the worst aviation disasters in British aviation history has been marked with the release of a commemorative plaque at the scene of the crash at Portstewart in County Antrim on Sunday, to mark the 70th of the Vielle crash.
Conservative US Justice Clarence Thomas has become the first member of the Supreme Court to ask a question at a hearing in more than a decade, during oral arguments in a gun control case in Washington DC, US media report, citing a source close to the high court.
Opponents of gay marriage in the US state of California have asked the Supreme Court to overturn a lower court ruling that lifted a ban on same-sex unions in the state, calling it a "judicial overreaction" and "irregular" by the appeals court.
The finance secretary has been accused of "waffle" by opposition MSPs as he refused to hand over details of how the Scottish government's budget plans may unfold in the run-up to Holyrood's first vote on the new Scottish Parliament term.
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown has stepped down after four years in charge of the county's first-class cricket team, the Bears have confirmed to BBC Radio Warwebshire's Richard Wilford and BBC Radio Lancashire's Breakfast programme.
More than 100 people have taken part in the world's most gruelling wrestling match - in a gravy-making competition.Â£10,000 worth of gravy has been poured into a giant pool to help fund a hospice charity event for children with cancer.
A man who was one of the main suspects in the murder of a former IRA man in Belfast has been shot dead in an "execution-style" attack, police have said in a news conference in the city's east end, where he worked as a taxi driver.
EastEnders actor Ross Kemp is to return to the BBC One soap for the final episodes of Dame Barbara Windsor's final series, following her death from cancer earlier this week at the hands of her son, Phil Mitchell, and daughter-in-law, Peggy Mitchell, who is also dying.
A number of police officers in Northern Ireland are pursuing compensation claims against the owners of stolen cars, the BBC has learned from Stormont's justice committee, where the issue was first raised by an assembly member earlier this month, for injuries they claim they suffered while on duty.
The owner of a dog which bit a postman in the leg has been warned by a sheriff that a second bite would bring "destruction" if she allowed it to run free in the same way, a court has been told in Dumfries and Galloway.
"There's only one Tony Stewart, the man that saved Rotherham United, and he's a vagabond shoes, a little strong, and a little bit of a rock star" - those are the words that rang out at Wembley on Saturday as the Millers celebrated their promotion to the Championship.
A memorial service has been held in Paris for the 130 people killed in the 13 November attacks in the French capital, in which 130 people were killed and more than 350 injured, many of them civilians, including children and police officers, in the space of just over 24 hours.
The date has been set for a by-election in the Scottish Borders after a Conservative MSP resigned from his seat to stand for election to the House of Commons in the general election in May.Selection procedures for the Holyrood poll have yet to get under way.
At least one person has been killed and several others injured in a train crash in the Belgian town of Leuven, near Brussels, local officials say, after a carriage was hit by a freight train on its way to Brussels from Belgium's southern city of Schengen.
If you want to explore the world around you, then you might want to try out the new Google Earth experience on your phone or tablet... or head to Google's virtual reality site, where you can look around the world's most famous landmarks and explore your neighbourhood.
An Australian golfer has been bitten by a crocodile while playing at the Palmer Sea Reef golf course in the country's north-eastern state of New South Wales, police have confirmed to the AFP news agency and local media reports, but said he is recovering in hospital.
The US city of Bloomington, Indiana, has renamed Columbus Day and Good Friday to reflect the diversity of its workforce, in a move that has sparked a backlash on social media and in the media, local media reported on Friday.Â£1.5m (US$1.6m; $1.8m) in federal funds has been allocated for the city's annual two-day holiday.
Investment in Scotland's commercial property market has fallen by more than 50% in the past year, according to a new report by a leading property firm for Edinburgh and the north east of the country's largest city.The low oil price has been blamed for the decline in activity.
Jeremy Corbyn has compared Theresa May's Brexit strategy to the turnip-loving servant Baldrick in a dig at the Labour leader's "cunning plan" for dealing with the UK's exit from the EU, during a heated exchange with the prime minister at Prime Minister's Questions.
Warner Bros has announced it will make a sequel to its hit Harry Potter spin-off film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, which will be called Fantastic Beasts And Where To Find Them 2, and will cost $150m (£105m). It will be released in 2018.
A man has been sentenced to 12 years in prison for his role in running Silk Road 2.0, a website that sold drugs and other illegal goods via the Tor dark web, US court documents have revealed, as part of a multi-million dollar drug trafficking case.
A fox cub has been found wrapped up in a towel and taken to a vet's surgery in Aberdeen after being mistaken for a puppy by staff at a local vet surgery in Dumfries and Galloway's Royal Veterinary Hospital for the Sick Sickness of Animals.
Birmingham's Ahmed Yafai successfully defended his WBC International light-welterweight title with a unanimous points win over Japan's Kazuyoshi Muranaka in the second defence of his title on Saturday night at the O2 Arena on the undercard of Amir Khan's world title fight.
Italian playwright Dario Fo, one of the country's best-known satirists, has died at the age of 90, the Italian government has announced, after a short illness, following a long battle with pancreatic cancer, his publicist has said.
A local newspaper has criticised the way it was allowed to cover Theresa May's visit to Cornwall, saying it was "archaic" and "20th Century" in the way the media were allowed to film the event.The Conservatives have defended the practice.Â£1.5m of public money was spent on the prime minister's visit.
The deaths of two women whose bodies were found at a flat in Glasgow may have been caused by carbon monoxide poisoning, police have said.No faults were found with the gas boiler in the block of flats where they were found, it has been revealed to BBC Scotland.
Rangers owner Dave King and his consortium have been voted on to the club's board by shareholders at an extraordinary general meeting in Glasgow, with chairman Dave Murray saying the club is "pretty much broken" and needs "a long-term project" to restore its fortunes.
A second man has been charged with murder following the death of a man who was attacked in a street attack in Glasgow last month, police have said in a new statement to the procurator fiscal (PFA) in the wake of his death.Â£50,000 bail has been set aside.
When actress Gemma Jones first appeared in Doctor Foster in 2011, she was playing a doctor who was having an affair with a woman who had recently given birth to her first child - the first of a series that would go on to become one of the most popular soap dramas of the year.
Racism in football matches in Wales is "consistent and widespread", according to players and coaches from non-league football clubs in the country who have spoken to the BBC about their experiences of racial abuse at matches.The Football Association of Wales says it takes a "zero tolerance" approach to any incidents of racism.
The acting head of a primary school where a teacher secretly filmed pupils and staff has admitted voyeurism offences has been told there are "additional adult victims" who have been contacted by police, the school has said in a letter to its parents saying it is working closely with them.
China has accused the US of "militarisation" of the South China Sea, accusing it of "escalating tensions" in the region and accusing the United States of violating its sovereignty in the disputed waters of the disputed area, the country's foreign ministry has said.
Thousands of people have attended a Singaporean gay pride event, despite a backlash against the event after it fell on the eve of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan, organisers have said, amid a row over the timing of this year's event and the issue of gay rights.
Britain's economy is in trouble, according to the IMF's latest assessment of the UK's performance since the vote to leave the European Union, and the latest figures from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) show that it is heading for the edge of the shark-infested waters of 2017.
Gardeners should plant wild flowers in their back gardens to boost the number of bees and other pollinating insects in urban areas, a study suggests, to protect them from the threat of pesticides and disease, say scientists.Â£1bn-worth of urban landscapes should be turned into nature reserves, they say.
Police have released an e-fit of a man they want to speak to in connection with a dog attack on a five-year-old girl at a parade in West Yorkshire, in which she needed surgery to an eye injury and was bitten on the face.
More than 500 people from Myanmar's Rohingya Muslim minority have been rescued off the coast of Indonesia, officials say, amid fears they may have been abandoned by their boat-smugglers in the sea off the Malaysian island of Borneo in the south-east Asian country.
A railway company has been banned from operating trains on the West Coast Mainline after its safety certificate was revoked.A number of incidents have led to a "significant risk to operations", the rail watchdog has said in a ban notice to its train operator, which is facing criminal proceedings.
It was a "big Budget" - a big game-changer, a big mess or a big outrage - and it was delivered by a politician with "big ambitions" - and delivered by one of the biggest and most unexpected politicians in British political history.
South Korean carmaker Kia has come first in a survey of the world's best-selling car brands for the first 90 days of the year, according to a US survey of car buyers' satisfaction.Â£1.2bn (Â£935m) worth of new cars sold last year were sold to Kia Motors.
A 12-year-old boy called Safid has told Newsround why he's trying to get to the UK to live with his parents, who have been living in France for more than a year and why he wants to come to the country to be with them.
Key figures from Northern Ireland's political parties have been reacting to the results of the Assembly election, as the DUP and Sinn Féin remain neck-and-neck at the top of the Northern Ireland power-sharing table after the result was declared and the Alliance Party leader Mike Nesbitt resigned.
The number of reported hate crimes in Canada rose in 2015, according to new figures, with Jewish and Muslim groups calling for more funding and resources to fight hate crimes and improve reporting.The Jewish community has said it is "deeply concerned" by the findings of a new report.
The death of Marussia driver Romain Bianchi at the Japanese Grand Prix is the latest tragedy to hit motorsport, but it is not the first time the sport has been touched by tragedy, as it was when Ayrton Senna was killed in a crash in 1994.
Five candidates are standing in the London Assembly election on 5 May, with the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats and the Green Party all promising to stand against the government's plans for a third runway at Heathrow Airport if they are re-elected to the House of Commons.
Budget airline group IAG boss Ian Walsh has said Northern Ireland's new air route development fund could be an "advantage" for his companies operating at Belfast City Airport and other airports in the UK and the Republic of Ireland, if it is devolved to Stormont.
A man has died after his car left the road and crashed into a sign on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway on Saturday afternoon, prompting a police appeal to find the driver's body.Police are appealing for information about the crash.Â£10,000 in insurance money.
Scientists at Dundee University have developed tests that can predict the progression of blood cancers by analysing the length of a patient's DNA strands, it has been claimed by a study published in the British Journal of Haematology and Cancer Research UK.Â£1m funding has helped them to develop the tests.
A cyclist has been killed in a collision with a lorry at one of London's busiest roundabout junctions, Transport for London (TfL) has said, as a campaign group called for the roundabout to be redesigned to make way for a cycle superhighway.
A US federal judge has ruled that the US women's national football team is not eligible to strike in a dispute over pay, overturning a threat of a national boycott by some of the country's best known players, including captain Hope Solo, and her team-mates.
A rhino that was held in Belgium for more than two years after being diagnosed with rabies has been allowed to be transported to Bristol Zoo.The zoo has said it is "delighted" that it has secured a permanent home for Simi the rhino, which will be flown to the UK.
The wife of broadcaster Gerry Anderson has said he would have been "so proud" to be inducted into the Professional Irish Radio Players' (PIO) hall of fame for his contribution to Irish radio and television broadcasting in the UK and the Republic of Ireland.
When Xbox boss Phil Spencer spoke about Microsoft’s new console at E3 on Sunday, he didn’t mince his words when it came to the subject of virtual reality - or, rather, mixed reality, as he put it in a very different way.
A convicted sex offender has won an interim injunction against Facebook after a page he set up to highlight his crimes was posted on the social networking site without his permission on his own page, the High Court has ruled.The judge has granted anonymity to the man at the centre of the case.
Halle Berry's best actress Oscar win in 2003 for her performance in The Messenger was one of her "lowest professional moments", the actress has said in an interview with Teen Vogue, but it was also one of the most significant moments of her career.
The BBC has been following the migrant crisis in the Channel Tunnel Tunnel for months, following the story of the migrant boat that has been stuck in the French port city of Calais since it was sealed off by the French authorities in January.Â£1m is thought to have been spent by French President Nicolas Sarkozy to try to stop it happening.
A three-member panel has been appointed by the Department of Education to investigate events at De La Salle College in west Belfast, which has been at the centre of a dispute between staff and parents over pay, conditions and the role of the school's principal.
Russian ballroom dancer Aliona Vilani has announced she is to leave Strictly Come Dancing after winning this year's series with dance partner Jay McGuinness and will not be taking part in next year's show again, it has been announced.Â£1m-worth of prize money has been given to her by the BBC.
William Hague has said he will press for "strong international agreement" to tackle the threat posed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq, during a visit to the country's oil-rich Kurdish region, where he is seeking to set up a new power-sharing government.
Napoli striker Gonzalo Higuain will not be sold to Arsenal unless the Italian club meet his release clause, a Napoli source has told the BBC, despite interest from the Premier League club being linked with a move to the Emirates Stadium this week.Â£80m is the price for the Argentina forward, reports BBC Sport.
Iceland's parliament has approved a bill that would require companies to ensure they do not discriminate against women in the workplace, as part of a drive to improve gender equality in the country's public sector and in the private sector, officials say, after a 40-year campaign by women.
At least 190 girls are still missing after the mass abduction of more than 200 pupils from their school in north-eastern Nigeria, the BBC has learned from a local government official and the BBC's Nigerian correspondent in Chibok, as the search for the missing girls continues.
A man has set a new world record for the fastest trolley in the world, and he's hoping to be the first person to do it! Check out this super-fast trolley he's got going in the middle of the road! Click here to see the video!
A business owner has lost a High Court bid to stop the publication of his details as part of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHII) scheme.The court has been told he will not be able to challenge a decision to publish the details of companies receiving subsidies.
People making phone calls from the UK to countries outside the European Union will see their roaming charges cut by up to 50% from Wednesday, the government has announced, as part of changes to the way charges are collected.Â£1.5bn will be spent on roaming charges across the UK by 2020.
A woman has been raped after leaving the Henley Royal Regatta site and walking with men she met there, police have said, after the event had finished for the day.Â£3m rowing regatta has been described as a "terrible incident" by its secretary.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Jussi Jaaskelainen on a one-year deal.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player's father to help the League One club with their search for a new manager.
Bilkis Bano was 19 when she and her family were gang-raped and murdered during the 2002 anti-Muslim riots in the western Indian state of Gujarat, in which more than 1,000 people died in three days of violence and arson.Fifteen years on, she says she feels vindicated in her fight for justice.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said he told his players not to talk about the intensity of their Premier League trip to Sunderland because he did not want to discuss it in the dressing room before the game."I don't know exactly what I saw," said the Reds boss after his side's draw.
Sir Elton John has said he is "not surprised" by the number of people in Northern Ireland who have been diagnosed with HIV or who are at risk of contracting the virus because of myths about the risks to their health and well-being in the UK.
More than 1,000 EU citizens from non-UK countries have been sent polling cards and postal votes in the EU referendum, the Electoral Commission has said.The number of EU citizens affected has risen to 1,200 so far, it has said, but the number could rise further.
Preston North End manager Simon Grayson says defender Bailey Wright "owe the club a lot" if he is released on a free transfer at the end of his current deal in the summer, but admits the player will not be leaving on a transfer deadline day deal.
China appears to have deployed surface-to-air missiles on a disputed island in the South China Sea, according to reports from Taiwan, Taiwan and the US, and a US military official has confirmed the move to Reuters news agency, but denied it was a surprise.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel has warned that Europe cannot rely on US President Donald Trump and UK Prime Minister Theresa May for help in dealing with Brexit and Russia, as she urged voters to stand up for the EU at an election rally in Germany on Sunday.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) is needed to tackle climate change.
The BBC's 100 Women feature editor, Marsha Thompson, has been talking about the importance of women having more days off work to deal with their periods, in a series of letters to the BBC's Women's Day programme, which she wrote for the first time since becoming a mother.
The chancellor has announced a £1,000-a-year levy on companies to pay for apprenticeships as part of his Autumn Statement, which also included a rise in business rates for the average shop owner by £9,000 a year from next year, and an extension of business rate relief.
Two Conservative MPs have been awarded more than £40,000 in libel damages after a UKIP group leader accused them of knowing about child abuse in Rotherham, the High Court has heard, but not doing anything to stop it being reported by a UKIP activist in the town.
Kenyans are returning to work after opposition leader Raila Odinga called for a general strike on Monday to protest against the result of the disputed presidential election, which he says has been rigged and should be declared a "coup" by the government.
Four people have been taken to hospital after a large gorse fire broke out on a heathland in Weston-super-Mare on Sunday afternoon, the fire service has said, prompting an evacuation of a golf course and the evacuation of the nearby golf and country club.
A holiday is a wonderful way to spend time with family and friends, whether it be a trip to the seaside, the beach, the mountains, or to the city with friends or a leisurely stroll in the sunshine on the seafront at the end of the year.
Former Greek Prime Minister Lucas Papademos has been injured in an explosion in his car outside a bank in Athens, Greek media reports say, while he was on holiday in the capital, Athens, with his family and two other people in a nearby car, one of them his driver.
Police have appealed to parents to be vigilant after a number of eggs were thrown at a police car in County Armagh in what they described as a "brutal and unprovoked attack" on officers and a police patrol car on Newry's main road.
Architecture won the Betbright Stakes at Newmarket for the second year in a row to set up an Epsom Derby meeting with Epsom favourite Seven Heaven at Epsom on 9 April at odds of 14-1.7.5.Â£1.
A lawyer for the father of a 10-year-old boy who was shot and killed by police in the US state of Louisiana on Saturday has said he is "horrified" by body-cam footage of the fatal shooting of his son's 11-month-old son.
Scientists in the UK are using tiny GPS trackers to track slugs that have been implanted inside slugs in fields across the country to see if they can be controlled with a variety of pesticides and other measures to help control the pests that live in the soil.
Denmark reached their first Women's Euro 2017 final after beating Austria 3-0 on penalties after a goalless draw in extra-time in the semi-final in Dusseldorf, Germany.The Danes will face England in the final on Sunday.
The remains of a girl who lived in Mexico some 12,000 years ago have been identified as one of the earliest occupants of the Americas, according to new analysis of her genetic data by US scientists, which supports the idea that Native Americans are descended from people from Siberia and Europe.
The Washington Post's report that President Donald Trump disclosed highly classified information to Russian officials for no apparent reason is the latest twist in a story that's already been mired in controversy, but what's next for the White House and for Mr Trump?Here are five reasons why this story is so important.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says his side must "dwell" on the brink of relegation from the Premier League if they are to have any chance of staying in the top flight next season, as they travel to West Ham United on Saturday with seven games to go.
Analysis of samples gathered from the site of last week's alleged chemical weapons attack in Syria is being carried out at more than 200 laboratories around the world, BBC News has learned.The results of this analysis are due to be published next week, but what is likely to be a painstaking process.
Smart glasses for blind and partially sighted people are being developed by Oxford University researchers.Researchers say they could be a game-changer for people who struggle to see clearly in the home.Â£1.5m of investment is being made in a project aimed at improving the quality of life for people with visual impairment.
The Washington Post's Tehran bureau chief has gone on trial in Iran on charges of espionage and spreading propaganda against the country's government, a judge has told his wife and two other detainees in a rare appearance in a Revolutionary Court court in the capital, state media report.
Two pairs of rare bee-eater birds have successfully bred in a quarry in County Durham for a second year in a row, the RSPCA has said, with all chicks now known to have hatched and are being cared for by RSPB staff.
Sea otters are helping to revive a dying species of seaweed in the estuary of Monterey Bay in southern California, a new study has found, even in the face of urbanisation and pollution in the region's coastal waters, and the threat posed by rising nutrient levels.
A quadriplegic man with a terminal illness has begun a legal challenge to the law on assisted suicide in England and Wales, calling for a change in the law to allow terminally ill people to end their lives at home without fear of prosecution.The High Court has heard his case.
A man has been jailed for more than two years for his part in a "crazy scheme" to supply drugs worth tens of thousands of pounds into Northern Ireland from County Armagh and County Londonderry in a wheelie bin in the back of a car.
A total of 474 so-called "unclaimed infant remains" were transferred from mother-and-baby homes in the Republic of Ireland between 1940 and 1965, the Irish justice minister has said in a speech in the DÃ¡il (Irish parliament).
When Raith Rovers coach Jimmy Nicholl arrived at Ibrox for the Scottish Cup semi-final against Celtic, there was a sense of anticipation and a sense that this was going to be a game that would change the course of Scottish football forever - and perhaps the history books would be rewritten.
Physical education should be given the same status as maths and science as core subjects in Welsh schools, according to a report by a group of academics and sports leaders in the Welsh government and teachers' union ATL Cymru and the National Union of Teachers (NUT).
Doctors treating terminally-ill baby Charlie Gard have asked the High Court for a fresh hearing on whether he should be allowed to die, six months after the original decision to end his life support was overturned by the Court of Appeal ruled it was in his best interests to allow him to die.
Outdoor learning should be made part of national school curricula in England, a report in the journal Social Developments has suggested, as part of efforts to improve children's health and wellbeing in the 21st-Century and to improve the quality of their education.
Lancashire have appointed Peter Chapple as their new head coach, replacing Peter Moores, who has left the county to take up the same role with the England and Wales Cricket Board."I rate him very highly" as a coach, says the club's former captain.
England opener Alex Hales has refunded £4.10 to a fan who complained about slow over rates during the third day of the third Test against Pakistan at Lord's, after he was refunded by the England and Wales Cricket Board for the ticket.Â£4.
The family of a teenager who died after falling into the River Avon is to have a memorial to remember the other young men who have drowned in the water by the end of the year, it has been announced.Â£1m is to be spent on a permanent memorial to him.
England's Euro 2016 campaign has been described by some as "The Group of Death" - but in truth it has been more like "The World Cup in reverse" for the hosts of the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 tournament in Brazil in which they were knocked out in the group stage.
The father of a woman gang-raped in the Indian capital, Delhi, has been quoted as saying he wants the name of his daughter to be made public, saying it will give her "courage" to other victims of such attacks. However, reports in India say he only wants her name made public if a law named after her.
The war on drugs has been going on for more than 50 years, with the US government spending billions of dollars on the problem, but it has failed to produce a significant drop in the number of people in jail or in the amount of people caught with illegal drugs.
The opening of two new nature reserves in Dorset has been delayed because of flooding, the RSPB has said, but it hopes to reopen one of the sites in the next few weeks.Â£1.5m will be spent on the other.
Police are investigating the suspected persecution of birds of prey in a forest in the Highlands after a number of nest sites were found abandoned in the National Forest of Lewis and Skye, it has been revealed to the BBC Scotland news website (UK-wide) news website.
A Royal Marine from Northern Ireland has appeared in court in London charged with terrorism offences as part of a UK-wide counter-terrorism investigation.He has been remanded in custody after appearing in court for the first time since he was arrested in the UK last week.
Welsh brewer Brains Brewery owner SA Brain has announced plans to open its first coffee shop in the UK after buying a chain of high street coffee shops in the region for £1.5m.Â£1.2m in cash and shares in the company have risen by more than 20%.
Manchester City have signed defender Nicolas Otamendi from Atletico Madrid on a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £30.5m, on a four-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further year.
A man has been jailed for four years for the manslaughter of a scooter rider who died after he was knocked unconscious by a "cowardly" blow to the head by a friend who urinated on his leg while they were on a camping trip.Â£10,000 fine for manslaughter.
It's Tuesday, the day of the week when the political deadlock in Northern Ireland continues to rattle the nation's newspapers and the BBC News Letter leads with its editorial 'Sinn Féin holding us all to ransom' on the front page of the Belfast Telegraph.
The price of oil has fallen below $40 a barrel for the first time since 2008 after the International Energy Agency (IEA) said demand was likely to peak in the third quarter of the year, but still has a long-term outlook for growth.The IEA has forecast that demand will rise next year.
Wales manager Chris Coleman would be "hard to turn down" a "big contract" from a Premier League club, says Football Association of Wales chairman Osian Roberts, who believes he would be a "good fit" for the job at a top-flight club.
The world's oldest country is Afghanistan, according to a new report from the International Institute for Fiscal Studies, a think tank that monitors the global impact of poverty and inequality on people's health and well-being over the age of 60, and it's not the best place to be.
Derby County are close to agreeing a deal to sign Burton Albion defender Callum Bootham Crescent on loan until the end of the season, BBC Radio Derby has learned, with a view to a permanent move to the Madejski Stadium in the summer of 2018.
Creed star Michael B Jordan has confirmed he will appear in the upcoming Black Panther film, which will star Lupita Nyong'o and Chadwick Boseman and Michael B. Jordan, along with Oscar-winning actress Dame Lenny Kravitz, which is due to be released next year.
A man is in hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car in North Ayrshire in the early hours of the morning, police have said in a police report to the procurator fiscal (PFA) in the area at the time of the collision.
Four men have appeared in court charged with conspiring to smuggle 167kg of cannabis into Northern Ireland in a "major" international drugs operation, a court has been told in a bid to extradite them to the UK from the Republic of Ireland to face charges of drug trafficking.
A man who murdered a pensioner in Glasgow has been jailed for life with a minimum term of 13 years for his murder and attempting to pervert the course of justice, a judge has said at the end of his prison sentence for a second-degree murder.
The father of a reservist who died during an SAS selection exercise has told an inquest he did not think his son's training process had "failed" when he was off-track during the test in which his son died from heat-related heat exhaustion, an inquest heard.
The release of Shaker Aamer, the last British man to be held in Guantanamo Bay, marks the end of the longest period of British detention in the history of the US-led detention centre in the Middle East - but what does that mean for the rest of the world?
Celtic manager Ronny Deila said his side looked "frightened and scared" as they were knocked out of the Champions League by Malmo in the play-off round of the Europa League on Wednesday."We have to learn from this," he said after his side's exit.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day slightly higher, with shares in savings and current accounts company Nationwide falling more than 7% after the company issued a trading update that said customers were switching less between saving and saving accounts than last year, sending its share price down 6%.
Rock band U2 have paid tribute to their tour manager Dennis Sheehan, who has died after suffering a cardiac arrest at a concert in Los Angeles on Wednesday night, saying he was a "legend" in the band's life.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m; $2.2m) was raised for his funeral.
Jack Shankland scored twice as Dumbarton came from behind to beat Livingston 2-1 in the Scottish League One play-off semi-final first leg at New Douglas Park on Saturday.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded by the Scottish FA to the winners.
Northern Ireland winger Jamie McCourt has revealed that his wife was diagnosed with a brain tumour before the start of Euro 2016 and he was told he would not be able to play for his country at the tournament in France this summer because of the operation to remove the tumour.
Activity in the UK's dominant service sector slowed in February, a closely watched survey has indicated, raising the prospect of a possible interest rate rise.The pace of growth in the sector slowed to its weakest for more than three years, according to a closely-watched survey.
Two more Rabobank traders have been charged in connection with the manipulation of the Libor inter-bank lending rate, the US Department of Justice has said, bringing the total number of people accused of manipulating the benchmark interest rate to five in a year's time.
Chelsea Ladies took a big step towards the Women's Champions League quarter-finals with victory over Glasgow City in the first leg of their last-16 tie at the Madejski Stadium in London.Â£1.5m Chelsea Ladies will take a 1-0 lead into the second leg of the last-32 tie.
The Football Association of Uganda (Fufa) says it owes coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic more than £1m in unpaid wages, after the national team boss accused the association of "bullying" him and "treating him unfairly".
Labour leadership contender Liz Kendall has said she is the only candidate who would break away from the party's past policies in order to win back voters who rejected Ed Miliband's leadership in the 2015 general election and win the general election in May.Â£1bn is needed for the UK to "punch well above its weight in Europe", she says.
US President-elect Donald Trump has spoken directly to the president of Taiwan for the first time since he took office, his team has said, breaking with decades of US protocol over the island's political and economic ties.China has dismissed the call as a "petty trick" by Taiwan.
Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, is to change the job titles of some of its staff, in the wake of student protests over the use of the word "master" at the institution's links to slavery, it has been announced, in response to calls for a name change.
Portugal beat Australia 2-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Confederations Cup in Russia after a 1-1 draw with Cameroon in Group B. Germany beat Cameroon 3-2 to finish top of their group and set up a quarter-final tie with Chile.
Police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo have demolished shacks and tents set up by drug addicts in a square in the centre of the city in the wake of a major anti-drugs operation in the area known as "Crackland" in May.
Martin McGuinness is to visit the site of one of the bloodiest battles of World War One in a bid to "build understanding and reconciliation" with the Irish people, it has been announced on his official Facebook page on Thursday.Â£1,000 will be spent by him on a visit to Belgium and France.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says he has learned a "massive lesson" from his side's poor Premier League performances this season and will be better in the future as he looks to win a first major trophy in his first season in charge of the Premier League champions.
Many Clouds died after suffering a rare haemorrhage following a race on Saturday, the British Horseracing authority has confirmed.Â£50,000 in prize money has been awarded to his trainer Oliver Sherwood and his son, David Sherwood, for the horse's death.
January is one of the busiest times of the year for football fans, as the transfer window opens and the January transfer window gets ready to close in England, Scotland and Wales for the new football season, but who has been the best signing of the past 12 months or so?
The number of soldiers in the UK's armed forces is at its lowest level since the end of World War Two, a former military commander has said.The Army has already cut more than 20,000 posts since 2010, the BBC has learned.The government's plan to increase reservists by 30,000 by 2019 has been criticised.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says he did not think his side were "unbeaten" or "ready, perfect" for his first three games in charge of the club this season, but admitted they were not "perfect" at the start of the campaign.
Fabio Capello's future as Russia coach is in doubt, according to a senior Russian official, with the coach's contract set to be terminated at the end of the 2018 World Cup in Russia, reports state media on Monday.Â£1.5m has been paid to the country's football association to end his contract.
A British conservationist has accused Maltese hunters of illegally shooting birds of prey during the spring shooting season, in breach of EU rules designed to protect them from the threat of poaching.A UK-based wildlife expert has warned of a "desperate situation" in the island.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in a West Midlands street, police have said, adding it was a "terrifying" incident.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to an arrest.
Up to 70 jobs could be at risk at an audio equipment factory in North Lanarkshire, BBC Scotland has been told by one of the UK's largest manufacturers of loudspeaker equipment, which is in a "formative stage" of plans to close the plant.
Jonny Evans scored a dramatic late winner as West Brom beat 10-man Stoke to move back into the top half of the Premier League table and end the Potters' unbeaten start to the season with three games to go in the top four places and three games remaining.
Plans to pedestrianise a major route in Oxford city centre have been criticised by a bus company which claims it could lead to "unbearably long waits" for buses and "unacceptably long walks" between stops for walkers in the city centre.
Fast food giant McDonald's has been accused of abusing its dominant market position in Europe by a group of unions and consumer groups in a bid to stop it from losing market share to its franchisees in the region and raising prices for its customers, it has been claimed.
Former Aston Villa and England midfielder Barry Cowans has left his role as first-team coach at the Championship club after 18 years with the club's first team coaching staff, it has been announced."All good things must come to an end some day," said Cowans.
When Tony Blair was in Downing Street in the wake of the London Bridge attack in July 2005, he made an announcement that changed the course of British politics in a way few would have imagined possible a decade ago."This is the most important election since the last one," he said.
Swansea City have been relegated from the Premier League after Crystal Palace's 4-0 home defeat by Hull City sealed the Tigers' relegation from the top flight on the final day of the season on Sunday, 7 May.Â£12m Swansea City will remain in the competition for next season.
Bradford Bulls have been unable to reach an agreement with a potential buyer for the club by the end of the day on Friday, administrators have said in a written statement to the club's fans.Â£500,000 of creditors have been put on hold until a deal can be agreed.
Human remains found on the outskirts of Edinburgh have been identified as those of missing woman Louise Tiffney, police have confirmed.A man accused of murdering her 15 years ago has been cleared of her murder, it has been confirmed by forensic experts at the scene of the discovery.
Scotland's Scott Jamieson and Sweden's Thomas Bjork share the lead after two rounds of the Nedbank Golf Challenge in South Africa after a second round of 65 and 67 respectively left them both one shot off the lead at Pretoria's Pretoria Country Club.
Donald Trump has announced that the US will withdraw from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, saying it is a "disaster" for the US and "disastrous for the interests of the American workers and the American economy".The US president-elect's decision to pull out of the agreement is a major blow to trade in Asia.
A woman has won an international cake competition with a giant Jennifer Lawrence cake, which has been described as "the world's tallest ever" and "the largest ever" in the competition's first year of competition in the UK and the world at the same time.
Amnesty International has criticised the EU-Turkey deal to tackle the migrant crisis, saying it amounts to a "cynide pill" for the EU and Turkey to "sugar-coated" the "cyanide pill that Europe has just been forced to swallow".
A group of former Catholic schoolgirls who were involved in a loyalist protest in north Belfast have been paid compensation, it has been confirmed to the Belfast Telegraph newspaper, but the amount has not been disclosed.Â£1.5m has been paid out to them.
A new edition of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf is to be published in Germany for the first time since 1945, 70 years after the German dictator's death, it has been announced by a university in Munich, where it is being annotated by academics.
Pupils at a new primary school in the Highlands were left in a "sauna" after a boiling hot water pipe burst above two classrooms, according to a local councillor who was present when the incident took place, it has been claimed by a local MSP.
Mae'r Prif Weinidog Theresa May wedi cyhoeddi ei holi gan y BBC Cymru yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael y UE wrth i'r Gweinidog Gwladol dros adael yr UE yn Sir Conwy.
Carlos Tevez's proposed move from Manchester City to Corinthians has fallen through after the Brazilian club said it was unable to complete the deal on deadline day because of a lack of time left for the deal to be completed on transfer deadline day in the country's top flight.
The French singer-songwriter who murdered a Lithuanian actress in 2003 has returned to the public eye after more than a decade in jail.Â£1m (€1.2m; $1.4m) in earnings, and a record deal with record label Artefacts.
Mae'r Tour de France wedi dau gymal yn y ras yn erbyn y cloc ddydd Sadwrn yn anghredadwy, a diolchodd i'w gefnogwyr am eu dymuniadau da, yn ôl Geraint Thomas.
Police investigating the death of a man in Londonderry on New Year's Day have appealed for information from the public.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of a 23-year-old man in connection with his death.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has arrived in Hawaii to mark the 75th anniversary of the Japanese attack on the US naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii, in which more than 2,000 people were killed by the Japanese navy, including hundreds of US servicemen.
The International Cycling Union (UCI) says it will investigate allegations of racism during the Tour de France after a British rider was involved in an incident at the end of the race.Â£50,000 will be spent by the governing body on its investigation into the incident.
Students are being warned not to take so-called "smart drugs" to boost their performance in university exams, as the UK's medicines watchdog is cracking down on unlicensed websites selling illegal drugs online for "cognitive enhancers" and "boosting" for school work.
European Union foreign ministers have agreed on a plan to send troops to the Central African Republic (CAR) to provide "temporary support" for up to six months to help stabilise the conflict-hit region.The EU will seek a UN mandate for an EU peacekeeping mission in the country, officials say.
St Mirren have signed former Dundee United and Motherwell striker Scott Clarkson on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal."I'm looking forward to getting started with everyone else," said Clarkson after agreeing a deal with the Scottish Premiership club.
Atletico Madrid came from behind to beat 10-man Valencia and extend their lead at the top of La Liga to five points as 10-men Las Palmas suffered a shock defeat at home to Las Vegas Stadio Olimpico on Sunday.Â£13.5m
The Wales women's football team has arrived in France ahead of the Euro 2016 finals in the country next month after a three-day training camp in Cardiff.Â£50,000 worth of kit has been sent to the country ahead of this summer's tournament in France.
Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney's testimonial match against Manchester City will be streamed live on Facebook on Sunday, 10 July.Proceeds from the match will go to charity.Â£100,000 will be split between his foundation and Manchester United's social media accounts.
The results of the referendum on Egypt's new constitution have dominated the front pages of the country's state-owned newspapers, with many commentators expressing concern about the implications for the future of democracy in the country, and the political situation in the coming days ahead of parliamentary elections.
The crash of a military transport plane in Myanmar (also known as Burma) last month that killed 32 people was caused by adverse weather conditions, investigators say, with no evidence of sabotage or explosion or explosion, state media report, citing a military investigation into the incident.
A man has been jailed for 10 years for his part in the UK's biggest-ever attempt to smuggle illegal drugs into the country, in what is believed to be the "most serious breach" of the EU's medicine control regime.Â£1.5m has been found in the bank account of one of five men.
It's all about building with bricks, Donald Trump and cats, according to the Belfast Telegraph, while the News Letter and Irish News lead with the stories of the collapse of Stormont and the EU's chief Brexit negotiator's phone call with an Ulster Unionist MEP.
Hogmanay is one of the world's most popular celebrations, and it is celebrated every year on Hogmanay, the day after New Year's Eve, when many people celebrate the arrival of the new year and the start of a new year in different ways.
Two people have been arrested after a pedestrian was killed when he was hit by a car in Kent on Saturday evening, police have said, prompting a police appeal for help to find the driver's vehicle.Â£50,000 of insurance was not paid to the victim's family.
A group of polar bears in a safari park in Tanzania, South Africa, have had a bit of a shock when they found a piece of paper wrapped around their heads and stuck to it with their claws - and it didn't take long for them to pop it.
Historic Scotland has said it is yet to make a decision on whether to include the site of a Roman battle known as Mons Graupius on its list of historic battlefields in the UK and Ireland.Â£500,000 worth of research is to be carried out to find out where the battle took place.
Derry manager Joey Barton says that Brendan Rogers was left "shocked" by the "horrific" injury he suffered in Sunday's 1-13 to 1-10 defeat by Tyrone in the McKenna Cup final but refused to speculate on the severity of the injury.
Flooding has continued to cause disruption across parts of central and eastern England, with hundreds of homes and businesses affected by waterlogged roads and trains cancelled across the region on Wednesday night and into Thursday morning, the Environment Agency has said, as heavy rain continues to fall.
Snoop Dogg has been criticised for a video that shows him shooting Donald Trump in the head in what has been described as a "presidential assassination attempt" by a former US presidential candidate who lost to him in the 2016 election.Â£50,000 worth of marijuana has been released by the rapper's label, Snoop Dogga House.
The first giant floating offshore wind turbines are being moved into place off the coast of Aberdeenshire in what is being hailed as a "game-changer" for the energy industry - and it's hoped it could transform the price of offshore wind power.
Dustin Johnson says he is in "good shape" to challenge for a fourth consecutive PGA Tour title after a difficult week at the Travelers Championship in North Carolina.Â£1.5m (£1.1m) is on offer at Torrey Pines.
Newsweek has published its final print edition, with a front cover featuring the hashtag #lastprintissue, a reference to the social networking site Twitter, as it prepares to move to a digital-only edition. Click through the gallery to see the final edition of Newsweek.
The Russian rouble has continued to fall against the dollar as the country's economy continues to be hit by a slump in the oil and gas sector and Western sanctions imposed over the Ukraine crisis and Russia's role in the crisis.The government has cut its growth forecast for next year.
The minimum sentence for murdering a police officer should be increased from 30 years to life without parole, Home Secretary Theresa May has said, as she unveiled plans for a whole-life tariff for murderers in a speech to the Police Federation's annual conference in Bournemouth.
The key battlegrounds in the final stages of the EU referendum campaign will be in the south Wales valleys and the north of Wales, according to both sides of the debate.Â£1.5bn of public money will be spent on canvassing in those areas over the next week.
A man has been jailed for four years for assaulting a post office worker during an armed robbery in an Aberdeenshire town.Â£2,000 and 5,000 Euros worth of goods were stolen in a "frightening and traumatic" incident, a court heard.
A man has appeared in court charged with attempted murder after a serious assault in Denny, North Ayrshire, which police have described as a "horrific attack" on a man in which he is believed to have been the victim of a "brutal attack".
Nigeria defender Kenneth Omeruo has pulled out of the squad for this summer's Olympics in Rio de Janeiro because of a hamstring injury."It's disappointing and frustrating" to miss out on a place at the Games, says the defender who was named in the 23-man squad for the first time.
The Royal Navy's two remaining aircraft carriers are to be scrapped, Defence Secretary Liam Fox has announced, as part of a shake-up of the armed forces in England and Wales' fleet of warships and frigates, the Ministry of Defence has said in a statement.
The UK's economy is set to grow at its slowest pace since the financial crisis of 2008, according to the EY Item Club, which forecasts the value of the pound will fall by more than 1% this year and more than 2% next year.
Bristol Rovers have signed Aston Villa midfielder George Mason on loan until the end of the season and Chelsea defender Tom Houghton on a season-long loan deal, both for the rest of the League One club's current campaign, reports BBC Radio Lancashire.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will not "stand back" when there is injustice in the workplace as he promised a "fair deal" for business in his first speech to the Confederation of British Industry (CBIG) conference in Birmingham.The Conservatives have accused him of offering a "recipe for economic ruin" if he wins power.
A report into allegations of corruption against former Garda (Irish police) Commissioner Pat McCabe and former justice minister John Callinan has found no evidence of criminality or corruption in the Irish police force or in the justice system in the Republic of Ireland's criminal justice system.
The number of people being detained at the UK's largest immigration removal centre, Brook House, has more than doubled in the last three years, a report has found, despite a Home Office push to reduce the number of detainees.Some detainees have been held for more than a year.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says there is "frustration" in the squad ahead of their Six Nations opener against Ireland on Saturday as they aim to win a third Grand Slam in a row in the competition for the first time in nine years and join England on 12 Grand Slams.
Monty Python star Monty Python and the Loch Lomax star was on his way to the 18th green at Royal Troon when he was called upon to putt for birdies on the back nine at the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale on Thursday.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he may appeal against the red card shown to captain John Terry in the FA Cup defeat by Peterborough United on Wednesday.Â£25,000-rated Chelsea will not be paid for the player's red card, says the Blues boss.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on the M6 in the early hours of the morning and lying on the hard shoulder of the carriageway with "multiple serious injuries", police have said, adding that he is being treated for multiple head injuries.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton says he wants a "tighter" squad next season following his side's Championship play-off final-day escape from relegation from the top flight this season."I want a squad of 21-22 players next year," says the boss.
A mobile app for children has been released in the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand, which lets people play the Pokemon Go role-playing game, Pokemon Go, without the need for any kind of specialised training or specialised skills. Click here to find out more about the app.
A man has been found guilty of attacking a 73-year-old man who was dragged along the ground by his car after he tried to stop him from stealing his car keys and a TV from his house.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the victim's car.
International students from outside the European Union are worth more than £300m to the Scottish economy each year, according to a report by accountancy firm PwC in Scotland.The UK government has been urged to do more to support students from abroad who come to the country.
Derry City suffered their first Premier Division defeat of the season as they fell to a 2-1 defeat at home to Harps in a scrappy encounter at Finn Park on Saturday night in the Irish Football League Division One game.The Candystripes' relegation fears deepened as they were beaten 2-0 by the newly promoted club.
More than 80,000 new secondary school places will be needed in England by the end of the next five years to meet the growing demand for places, councils have warned, with many facing a shortfall of more than 100,000 in the next few months alone.
A £50m road linking Cardiff Bay and the east of the city is to be officially opened later, two years after it was approved by the Welsh Government and the Welsh Liberal Democrats in a deal to boost economic growth in the city centre and south east Wales.
On Wednesday afternoon, hundreds of protesters gathered in the streets of Cairo's Tahrir Square for the second day of the "Day of Rage" - the latest in a series of mass demonstrations against the rule of Egypt's President Hosni Mubarak, who has been in power for 30 years.
Hollywood actress Vicky McClure has revealed she was thrown off a tram named after her after a ticket man mistook her for a fare evader.Nottingham's tram company has apologised to the star after a "misunderstanding" led to her being thrown off the service.
The mother of a man who stalked singer Lily Allen has spoken of her "horrendous" experience after he was found guilty of harassing her for more than a year, saying she thought he had a "fantasy in his head" and was not being treated for schizophrenia.
The police and crime commissioner (PCC) for Sussex has called for the county's fire and police services to be brought together in a bid to avoid the government's proposed merger of the two in the event of a future emergency services in the county becoming a single force.
A Dumfries and Galloway food factory is to receive a £3.5m investment to help it expand and improve its production facilities.Â£2m is to be invested in the business over the next three years.Â© Castle MacLellan Foods
A man has been stabbed in the neck during a fight at a gig at Glasgow's O2 Arena in the early hours of the morning, police have said.Detectives are appealing for witnesses after a man was attacked by a man dressed as a rock star in the bar.
Uefa has opened disciplinary proceedings against England and Serbia over incidents during and after England's Under-21 European Championship play-off second leg in 2012 in Krusevac, Bosnia-Herzegovina, on 16 October 2012, the governing body has confirmed.
Johnny Depp's lawyers are suing the actor's management company for allegedly failing to account for his lavish spending habits, according to court documents seen by the Deadline website and other media outlets, including the BBC's iPlayer service and the BBC World News website, and the Daily Mirror.
Former Derbyshire batsman John Wright is to return to the county as a player-coach for the first half of the T20 Blast season, it has been announced.Â£250,000 is to be invested in a new role for the former batsman at the club.
The outgoing head of the Church in Wales has said he will not make any more public statements about organ donation when he steps down next year."I just want to leave the field clear," he has said ahead of his retirement later this year at the end of his current term.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has said Wales should be "central to the debate" on the future of devolution after the Scottish referendum on independence and the UK's future in the wake of the vote to leave the EU in Scotland and Holyrood's vote.
League One side Rochdale have signed Middlesbrough midfielder George Long on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee on a four-and-a-half-year contract, with an option for a further 12 months if he is offered a further year.
Tommy Quigley scored twice as second-half goals saw holders Torquay United beat Livingston to book their place in the Scottish League Cup quarter-finals at the expense of Scottish League One side Livingston at East End Park on Saturday.Â£100,000 in prize money will go to the winners of the tie.
A Conservative council in Surrey has proposed a 15% increase in council tax for 2017-18, saying it has "no choice" but to do so because of a "huge gap" in the local authority's budget and the government's failure to properly fund services.
Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta has ordered the central bank to lift a ban on firms linked to the Somali diaspora, saying he wants to ease the pressure on the country's banking system by lifting the suspension on the firms, which have been linked to militant groups.
League Two strugglers Dagenham & Redbridge were relegated to the National League after a 2-1 defeat by Leyton Orient.Â£1m-bound Orient secured their place in the play-offs with a win at the Macron Stadium on Saturday.
The unemployment rate in the eurozone has risen for the second month in a row, official figures show, as the bloc continues to struggle to find jobs.The rate of unemployment in the bloc has risen to its highest level since records began in 1999.In Italy, the jobless rate hit a record high in January.
Russia says it has foiled a Dutch submarine mission to intercept an aircraft carrier off the coast of Syria, after two Russian anti-submarine ships tracked it for more than an hour and forced it to leave the area, the Russian military has said, describing it as "dangerous".
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes says he is "fully focused" on his job at Pittodrie and is not distracted by speculation linking him with the vacant managerial role at fellow club Rangers in the wake of the departure of manager Pedro Caixinha.
Bradford has been named the Curry Capital of Britain for the third time in four years, winning the title for a record-equalling fifth time in a row in a competition to find the best restaurants in the UK to serve the nation's favourite Indian food.
One Direction's new single 'Drag Me Down' has topped the UK singles chart for the second week in a row following the release of the video for the track on Monday night and the band's first official appearance at the Brit Awards in London on Tuesday.Â£1.5m in streaming revenue has helped the track reach number one.
Up to 20,000 Syrians have gathered at a border crossing with Turkey as fighting between government and rebel forces intensifies in northern Syria, the UN has said, as Turkey says it will not allow in any more people displaced by the fighting in the country's north-east.
Mexican Interior Secretary Francisco Blake Mora has been killed in a helicopter crash near the capital, Mexico City, the government has said, in what is believed to be the worst such accident in the country's recent history of drug-trafficking and crime-related violence.
Voters in Kenya have been casting their ballots in elections for the first time since violence marred last year's poll in which more than 1,000 people were killed in the capital, Nairobi, and the coastal city of Mombasa, which was the scene of the worst of the violence.
Linfield's Champions League second qualifying round tie with Celtic will now be played on 12 July rather than the 11th and 12th of July due to Orange Order commemorations in the Republic of Ireland, BBC Sport has learned from the Irish Premiership club's chairman Roy McGinness.
The runway at Belfast International Airport is to close every weekend for the next three months for a £3.5m refurbishment.Â£1.8m is to be spent reflagging and sealing off part of the airport's rung as part of a £2m project.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in the neck in what police described as an "unprovoked" attack, the BBC has been told by a police community support officer who had been called to the scene of the attack.Two men have been arrested after a stabbing.
Bristol's first black mayor has paid tribute to the city's "inspirational" socialite, Carmen Beckford, who has died at the age of 89, saying she had "had a heart of gold" and "lived life to the full".
Derby County have signed midfielder David Davies from Hull City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £2m."I want to do the best for my career," says the former England Under-21 international.Â£1.5m-rated midfielder.
Celebrity book clubs have become a fixture of the literary scene in recent years - but are they a new phenomenon or are they just the latest in a long line of fan-based book clubs that have sprung up around the world? Read on to find out more about the trend.
Former Ireland international rugby player Jim Wallace has been cleared of harassing his estranged wife after she claimed he appeared at the window of their Belfast home while a male friend was present and tried to take photos of her husband's ex-partner in the house while a female friend was nearby.
Exeter Chiefs have signed Australia back-row forward Nic White and Jersey captain Nick Freeman on two-year deals, with the option of a further year-long deal.Â£500,000 of which will expire at the end of the current season, subject to international clearance.
Burundi is one of Africa's poorest countries, with a population of about 10 million people and an average life expectancy of 50 years - the lowest in the world - and one of the world's least-developed economies, according to UN estimates.The country has been wracked by civil war since the end of the 1990s.
The health minister has said he is "very willing" to speak to the families of patients at a Denbighshire mental health unit at the centre of the "Zoogate" scandal but only when "the time is right" for him to do so.
Mark McGhee says he would be "amazed" if Gordon Strachan is sacked as Scotland manager after a poor start to the World Cup qualifying campaign for the national team this summer."He's entitled to keep his job," said the assistant manager at Hampden.
Merseyrail workers on the Southern rail network are to stage a strike on the day of the Grand National, the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has confirmed to BBC Radio Merseyside and the RMT's head office in Liverpool.The union has said the action will be "high-profile" as the race is held in the city.
Afghan singer-songwriter Nafisa Sayeed has held her first concert in the capital, Kabul, despite receiving death threats from those who say her performances are an affront to the country's traditional culture and culture, she has told the BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Kabul.
A woman has been stopped by police on the M1 in Suffolk after driving the wrong way along the carriageway, narrowly missing a police car on the hard shoulder of the motorway ahead of her oncoming approach to the M25 in the early hours of Sunday.
The Cultural Olympiad was a "game-changer" for the UK's cultural scene, a report has said, with millions of people unaware they were taking part in an event they did not know about.Â£100m of public money was spent on the cultural programme, it has been claimed.
Swansea City winger Nathan Dyer has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury, the Premier League club have confirmed.Â£2.5m-rated winger is set to have surgery on the injury.
Matt Raggett's second-half header gave Dover Athletic Bilbao victory over relegation-threatened Welling to move them up to sixth in the National League and leave Tranmere three points clear of the relegation zone at the foot of the table.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones Industrial Average falling below the 19,000 level for the first time this year.Shares in Wal-Mart fell more than 2% after the retailer said it planned to cut costs by $1.5bn (£1.1bn).
More than 1,000 potholes have been filled in Northumberland in the space of a week, the county's council has said, with the help of a fleet of helicopters and a helicopter team of dedicated pothole-blocking staff, it has been revealed.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a house in Essex, the Met Police has said in a statement to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news channel (UK-TV) news website on Monday night and social media.
Police in Italy have arrested a man suspected of opening fire on a nudist beach in the north-east of the country after allegedly threatening to shoot people who refused to remove their swimsuits and swim bare-bottomed in front of him, local media report.
Chinese social media celebrity Chen Yuhua Yu, who is famous for her controversial anti-shaving campaign, has inspired a debate on whether women should shave their armpits or leave them bare-knotted, writes Alison Daye from the BBC's Have Your Say.
A Welsh adventurer has ended his attempt to become the first person to climb Mount Everest as part of a research project into the effects of altitude on human health and mental health, saying he is "not prepared to risk his life over and above the risks I have considered".
Protesters in Egypt have clashed with security forces in Cairo and Alexandria over the transfer of two Red Sea islands to Saudi Arabia in a controversial deal signed last week, Egyptian officials say, with at least 80 people arrested in the capital and in the cities of Alexandria and Cairo.
Retailer Sports Direct has cut its full-year profit forecast after the value of the pound fell below $1.30 against the dollar for the first time since the financial year began in 2008.The retailer has said it may lose another £20m if the pound continues to fall below the current level.
Ed Sheeran's Top Gear appearance on Sunday will be his first on the show after he crashed while filming on a test track for the BBC Two show's first episode in more than a decade.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused by the crash.
Nigel Farage is to join Fox News as a pundit on two of its television channels, the US network has announced in a statement to the BBC News website and the US news website Fox News Online news website, US news channel Fox News Now and online news site Fox News.
One in seven people in Wales are waiting more than a year for heart surgery, the Royal College of Surgeons has warned in a call for politicians to do more to tackle the problem.The NHS in Wales is "close to collapse", it has been claimed in a report.
A 78-year-old man has gone on trial accused of sexually abusing girls at a mosque in Cardiff where he was a member for more than 40 years, a court has been told in a bid to convict him of a string of offences against four young girls.
British number one Johanna Konta reached the semi-finals of the Monterrey Open for the first time in her career with a straight-set win over a top-10 player in the third round of the tournament in Mexico City on Wednesday night.
Zheng He, the Chinese admiral who made some of the most daring voyages of the Ming dynasty, is back in the spotlight, thanks to the discovery of a sunken shipwreck off the coast of east Africa, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen.
Newport Gwent Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones believes Oliver Griffiths will have an opportunity to play for Wales in the British and Irish Lions tour of Tonga and Samoa in June if he performs well in the Pro12 this season, writes BBC Wales rugby correspondent Dan Jones.
The British Grand Prix will no longer be held at Silverstone after the 2019 Formula 1 season, the British circuit has announced in a press release to the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live sports extravaganza on Sunday, 27 June.Â£2.8m losses have forced the venue to end its contract with Formula 1.
The writing desk used by Charles Dickens when he penned his final novel, The Mousetrap, has been saved from sale after being bought by the National Heritage Memorial Fund (NHMF) for Â£1.5m in a £10,000 lottery grant.
A court in Egypt has suspended the formation of a constitutional assembly that will draft a new constitution, in a ruling that has been hailed as a victory for human rights groups and secular and liberal groups.The Muslim Brotherhood and Salafist parties have said they will appeal against the decision.
Fifa has approved a new law which will ban players from revealing political slogans on their undergarments and will come into effect for the 2014 World Cup in June.Â£100,000 fine for players who do so will be imposed by the sport's world governing body.
What do you do if you want to play rugby union, but don't have the 'puppy fat' to trot in the long run-up to the crease and have the ability to bowl off-spinner's off-the-ball?
The US Treasury Department has accused the European Commission of trying to turn itself into a "supra-national tax authority" by investigating US companies over alleged tax avoidance in the EU, in a fresh attack on Brussels' probe into the tech giant Apple's tax affairs.
Great Britain women's hockey captain Giselle Ansley has been named in the squad for the Rio Olympics, along with three players who won gold at the European Championships in London earlier this month, as the men's squad has also been named for this summer's Games.
Plans to create up to 1,000 new homes and revamp town centre facilities in north Wales have been backed by £10m of Welsh government funding for a range of regeneration projects, it has been announced in a new budget for 2017-18 and 2018-19.
MPs have launched a new online platform for people to sign and send e-petitions to Parliament, in a bid to improve public engagement with the House of Commons and the government's decision to scrap the traditional paper petitions system and replace them with electronic ones.
J Craig Venter is one of the most controversial figures in the history of science, but he is widely regarded as one of its most influential and influential scientists and has been a key figure in the creation of the world's first synthetic life form, the first of which has just been discovered.
A hospital trust in Cornwall has declared a "black alert" for the second time in less than a year, warning patients to avoid A&E unless absolutely necessary.Â£1m of extra funding has been pledged to help deal with the "unprecedented" demand.
Great Britain's hopes of reaching the World Rugby Under-20 Championship quarter-finals suffered a blow as they were held to a draw by Japan in their final Pool C match in Johannesburg on Sunday.New Zealand beat Kenya while New Zealand beat the All Blacks 28-5.
Theresa May's surprise announcement that she will not seek re-election in the UK general election on 8 June is likely to raise eyebrows in Brussels - but not just in Britain, but also in the European capitals where Brexit is going to be a huge issue for years to come.
A former prison officer has pleaded guilty to the rape and sexual assault of a woman in a "house of horrors" in Londonderry in the 1970s and 1980s.He and his wife have been remanded in custody at Maghaberry Magistrates' Court.
A £10m fund to help people affected by the downturn in the oil and gas industry is to be set up, the Scottish government has announced in the wake of the loss of tens of thousands of jobs in North Sea oil and natural gas extraction and processing plants.
A new £5m cycle centre is to be built in Rhondda Cynon Taff as part of Welsh Cycling's plans to boost the sport's popularity in south Wales, it has been announced.Â£2.5m will be spent on improving facilities and facilities.
A man armed with a knife threatened a security guard with a gun before stealing a cash box outside a supermarket in North Lanarkshire in the early hours of the morning, Police Scotland have said in a new appeal to help catch the robber who made off with a large sum of money.
Celtic Energy has agreed to help pay restoration costs for two of its former mines in south Wales, the chief executive of the Welsh Government's environmental body has said in a radio interview with the BBC Wales news programme, BBC Wales Today programme and BBC Radio Wales.
Mae'r tân yno yn dechrau ddydd Sadwrn wedi rhwystro diffoddwyr gan fod y llanw wedi cael ei ail-ddatblygu yn ôl adeiladau ymchwiliad i'r union achos yng Nghymru.
Jose Mourinho's return to Chelsea ended in defeat as his Manchester United side were comprehensively beaten at Stamford Bridge on his first game back at the club he once led to the sacking of the club's all-time record goalscorer and manager of the season.
When the final series of Skins came to an end last year, it was a huge success for the cast of the hit BBC One drama about a group of 17-year-olds from London who were trying to find work in the film industry after leaving school.
Armed police officers have tackled knife-wielding attackers in Edinburgh but did not shoot because they feared it would put members of the public at risk, MSPs have been told by Police Scotland's most senior officer at the time of a review of its use of force.
In the world of finance, where interest rates are so low that no-one will pay you to borrow money, there is a strange new phenomenon that is causing interest rates to fall to negative levels, but it is not just the bond market that is experiencing this phenomenon.
A 16-year-old boy has been charged with the rape of a 15 year-old girl in a park in the early hours of the morning, prompting a police appeal for help to track down the alleged attacker in a nearby shop in a bid to catch him.
Director Robert Carlyle's first film as a director will open this year's Edinburgh International Film Festival (EIFF) with a dark comedy about a barber who falls victim to a serial killer, it has been announced by the event's new artistic director, Mark Adams.
A new female osprey has laid her first egg at a nest at a Scottish wildlife reserve, the Scottish Wildlife Trust has confirmed to the BBC Scotland's Laura Muirstone programme for the first time in more than 30 years, but staff are keeping a close eye on the bird.
The outgoing president of the European Commission has said the UK would not have the same level of influence in the EU as other countries if it were outside the union.The UK would be "stronger" in the union, the EU's outgoing president has said.
Global energy demand grew at its slowest pace in more than a decade last year, according to a new report.The world's biggest oil company has said.The global energy market is undergoing a "tectonic shift" as demand for oil and gas continues to outstrip supply.
The government has said it will follow lessons learned from an inquiry into infant cremation standards in Shropshire and set up a national commission to look at standards across the country if it wins the general election in May's general election, if it is re-elected.
England centre Manu Tuilagi may not play again this season, says director of rugby Richard Cockerill, with the World Cup set to start in just over two months.Â£1m-rated Leicester Tigers head coach Warren Gatland says the injury suffered by the Lions player is a major blow to his World Cup preparations.
Moldova goes to the polls on Sunday to elect a new president, in a vote seen as a referendum on the future of the country's pro-Russian President Vladimir Putin-backed government, which has been accused of corruption, authoritarianism and authoritarianism.
Carlisle United manager Keith Curle says he is prepared to leave the club if the club do not have a long-term plan in place to improve the club's football side, short or medium-term, in order to continue in the managerial role at Brunton Park.
Gwynedd council has said it will consult with community councils to ensure the correct names for a Gwynedd beach are used on maps of the area it serves as a tourist hotspot, after a row over the use of an indigenous Welsh name in the area.
A 20-year-old woman from Dorset has contacted her family in Thailand to say she is "frightened" and "disorientated" and wants to come home, her mother has told the BBC's Newsround website in a plea for help to find her.
A man has been taken to hospital after being hit by a car in Cardiff city centre in the early hours of Sunday morning, police have said, adding he is in a stable condition in hospital in a critical condition in Cardiff Bay, where he is being treated for serious injuries.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has accused the Conservatives of "dog-whistle politics" and "politics of the gutter" as he urged Welsh Labour members to "reject the Tories' terrible insult to people who work day in, day out to save and improve lives".
The head of Queen's University in Belfast has called for urgent action to address a shortage of graduates to fill jobs in the private sector in the short term and in the long-term, in order to save the university from going out of business in the future, he has said.
Dog walkers in a Hampshire town have been told they will have to walk five dogs at the same time under new rules coming into force on Monday.Â£100 fines have been introduced for people walking more than four dogs.ÂÂ£1,000 in total will be handed out to walkers.
Victims of child abuse at Kincora Boys' Home in Belfast are taking the government to court in a bid to force it to investigate claims that MI5 and MI6 were involved in a cover-up of abuse at the children's home in the 1970s.
Three British tourists missing in Nepal since Wednesday's earthquake have been flown back to the UK, their family has said, two days after they were rescued from the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, and flown to the airport in the capital, Addis Abedi.
Wales men's and women's head coach Paul Clements says the team's promotion to the top tier of international hockey is a "huge achievement" for the Welsh men's side.Â£1.5m has been invested in the men's team over the last three years, but he hopes it will pay dividends for the future.
Two goals from Oisin MacNiallais helped Donegal to a 2-12 to 0-9 win over 10-man Fermanagh in Sunday's Ulster SFC quarter-final at Croke Park to set up a semi-final against Monaghan.
Fulham boss Slavisa Jokanovic says he will not be sending striker Chris Martin back to former club Derby County, despite the player taking a day off from training on Tuesday."I don't know if he will play for Fulham, but I'm sure he's not going to play for Derby," says the Cottagers.
Uganda's Mubende District is home to some of the world's largest underground gold mines, but they have been shut down by the government, forcing thousands of people to flee their homes and forcing them to live in makeshift shanty towns in the surrounding villages.
Chancellor George Osborne has abandoned his pledge to return the UK government's finances to a budget surplus by 2020, saying that the government must provide "fiscal credibility" in the face of uncertainty over the UK's economic future after the Brexit vote and the vote to leave the EU.
Fifa's annual congress is due to elect a successor to Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body on Friday, with the winner set to be announced at midnight in Dusseldorf, Germany, and the winner will be announced on Sunday.
Three men who attacked a university lecturer with a hammer during a burglary at his south London home have been jailed for a total of almost 20 years for his "utterly unrecognisable" face injuries, a court has been told in a dramatic sentencing hearing at London's Old Bailey.
Hull FC will face Super League leaders Leeds Rhinos in the Million Pound Game semi-finals, with the winner to face Hull FC in the Grand Final at the KCOM Stadium on the final day of the Super 8s season on Sunday, 29 July.
More than 1,500 taxi and private hire car licences have been granted to people with criminal convictions in Scotland in the past year, according to new figures obtained by the BBC Scotland news website and BBC Radio Scotland's Focus on Scotland programme, which is being used by the Scottish government.
John Cleese's new Alimony Tour has opened to mixed reviews from critics, with one describing it as "a lecture tour more than a comedy tour" and another calling it "pathetic" and "a waste of time and money".Â£50,000 worth of publicity for a man who is "not funny at all".
Nottingham Forest have signed Cardiff City striker Sandro Macheda on loan for the rest of the season, subject to a 24-hour recall clause in the deal being triggered by the Championship club's transfer deadline day win over Middlesbrough on 1 January.
In our series of letters from Asia, the BBC's Geeta Pandey has been following the journey of thousands of migrants across the South China Sea from Myanmar to South East Asia in search of a better life for their children and a better future for their families, as they attempt to escape poverty and war.
A woman has captured a stunning time lapse of the Northern Lights over Scotland after being unable to go out at night to view the spectacular display due to illness and light pollution in Scrabster Harbour, North Ayrshire, due to a stormy weather forecast.
A former police community support officer who stole thousands of pounds from passengers at Heathrow Airport has been jailed for three years and eight months.A judge has described her crime as "brutal, systematic and subtle".Â£13,500 in theft and misfeasance has been ordered to be returned to her family.
Thousands of people have taken part in Hong Kong's first ultramarathon, despite criticism from local runners that the course was "boring" and "dizzying" to the runners and spectators alike, organisers have said in a press conference in the city.
More than 50 jobs are under threat at a Bridgend-based packaging company after it announced plans to close a distribution centre in Pontyclun, Gwynedd, with the loss of up to 50 jobs in the town centre and move its support office to London.
As Africa becomes ever more connected, publishers and publishers are finding new ways to reach young people with digital learning tools and online connections, writes the BBC's Farai Sevenzo in Nairobi, South Africa, who is working with a non-profit organisation to provide digital education centres in rural communities across the continent.
A woman has admitted stealing more than £10,000 from her mother's bank account to fund her drug and alcohol addictions after she was diagnosed with breast cancer in August last year, a court has been told in Perthshire, and has been remanded in custody.
(Close): US stocks closed at record highs on Friday after the latest jobs figures showed the US economy added more jobs than expected in July, sending the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes to new highs for the second day in a row, while the Nasdaq also closed at another record.
The number of nurses working in the NHS in England has been the subject of much debate over the past few years, so it is easy to get confused when it comes to the issue of how many nurses and midwives there are in the service, and how many are actually working in it.
One of Londonderry's oldest department stores has closed its doors for the last time, with the loss of almost half of its trading staff, BBC Radio Foyle has been told, leaving dozens of people without a job in the wake of the closure.
Mobile phone operator Three has announced that it is abolishing roaming charges for its customers travelling outside the European Union in selected countries, where it has a presence.Â£1.50 a month charges are no longer required for customers to use their minutes, texts and data while abroad.
Thai police investigating the murders of two British tourists have admitted they have made "very little progress" in their investigation and say they do not know where to look for the main suspects, the BBC has learned from a meeting with the family of one of the victims.
Boris Johnson has said it is "up to someone else" to lead the UK out of the European Union, after announcing he will not be standing for re-election as mayor of London in June 2016, BBC Radio 4's Today programme has learned from its interview with him.
Virtual doctors are used to diagnose and treat patients in remote parts of sub-Saharan Africa using an app on a smartphone or tablet computer, and then relay the information to a doctor in the UK thousands of miles away in a remote part of the country where there are few medical facilities.
The family of a teenager who died after being hit by a car in a suspected hit-and-run in Birmingham have paid tribute to a "comprehensive and caring son" who "brought them so much joy" and "lived life to the full".
"I wanted to make chocolate the hero of the 18th Century," says Simon Thirlwell with a big smile, as if he's talking about the triumphs of Napoleon Bonaparte and the Napoleonic wars of the 19th Century. But in fact, he was talking about his own personal fantasy.
The US has confirmed that it carried out a sea burial of Osama Bin Laden's body after he was killed in a gunfight with US forces in Afghanistan on 2 May, but what does this mean for the Muslim world and whether it was appropriate to bury him at sea?
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with mining stocks leading the way, helped by a rise in commodity prices and better-than-expected results from Rio Tinto and BHP Billiton, which both helped to lift the index.
The trial of prominent republican Thomas 'Slab' Murphy, who is accused of tax evasion and money laundering, has been adjourned until the end of the year, but a verdict may not be delivered until next week, a court has been told in Dublin.
Hundreds of thousands of small businesses are to be given a £6,000-a-year cut in business rates as part of a package of reforms announced by the chancellor in his Budget speech on Wednesday night, the BBC has learned from the BBC.Â£8bn will be spent on tax relief for small firms by 2020.
Scarlets wing Alex Cuthbert will be "very lucky" to be recalled to the Wales squad for the World Cup, according to former captain Martyn James, who says he will not be surprised if he replaces Rhys Williams at full-back in the squad.
Nottinghamshire all-rounder Dan Christian has signed a two-year contract extension to stay with the county until the end of the 2017 T20 Blast competition in March.Â£250,000 will be paid to keep him at Lord's for the 2017 campaign.
Police investigating the murder of a teenage girl whose body was found in a canal 22 years ago have said they have made a "leap forward" in the hunt for her killer and are "really interested" in developing a new DNA profile to help find her killer.
National League side Aldershot have signed Luton Town midfielder Jack McGinty on a season-long loan deal from Premier League side Burnley, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£10,000-rated deal for the 2017-18 season has been agreed.
British gymnast Dan Bevan has been ruled out for the rest of the season after breaking his leg in a fall at the British Gymnastics Championships in Birmingham."All my emotions just erupted," said Bevan. "I want to feel again" after suffering the injury on Monday.
At least two Palestinians have been killed in clashes with Israeli troops as worshippers returned to the al-Aqsa mosque complex in East Jerusalem after a two-week boycott of the site ended, Palestinian medics and Israeli officials say, as all restrictions on access were lifted.
Booking.com, the world's largest online travel agent, is being investigated by French authorities for more than €356m (£280m; $355m) in unpaid taxes, the company has said in a filing to the US.Â£200m is being sought.
Taxi-hailing app-based taxi firm Uber has criticised plans to regulate the private hire industry in London, saying they would lead to a five-minute wait for a journey being confirmed.Â£1bn-a-year, the company has said.
Australia's Cadel Evans won the 20th stage of the Tour de France as he sprinted to victory in a thrilling time-trial on the Champs-Elysees in the penultimate stage of this year's race in the French capital, Paris.
The UN has accused the Nigerian army of unlawfully detaining several children as part of its counter-insurgency operations against Boko Haram militants, the BBC has learned from a UN official and the UN children's fund.The UN says it fears there are more children being held by the army.
Great Britain's Hannah Murray has qualified for the final of the combined women's team event at the European Fencing Championships after a strong performance in the semi-finals in Bath.Â£10,000 gold medallist Tonia Fonseca says she struggled to find her "spirit" in the heat.
US carmaker Hyundai Motor America has offered financial help to federal workers affected by the US government shutdown, in a bid to help them cope with the disruption caused by the disruption to their jobs.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn) in car loans and leases.
A West Midlands-based photographer has called on Taylor Swift to "do the right thing" and change her management company's photo rights policy, following her dispute with Apple Music over music streaming rights on Monday night's US Super Bowl concert in Houston, Texas.Â
A father who successfully took his daughter on a school term-time holiday has launched a crowdfunding campaign to pay for the legal fees of his team of barristers to take the case to the High Court.Â£1,000 has been raised in just 24 hours.
A clerk in the US state of North Carolina who refused to issue marriage licences to gay couples has refused to leave her office as hundreds of people waited outside to see her, chanting "do your job" and "stand firm" as she waited for her to come out.
For many countries around the world, the Paralympics are a place to which they are not entitled, a place where the world's best athletes go to compete, and where the rest of the world watches on with envy and envy. But not many countries are able to compete at the highest level of international sport.
The Police Ombudsman's office has been criticised by the Police Federation of Northern Ireland (PFNI) and the Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott for failing to hold the confidence of police officers in high-profile cases.The federation has called for a review of security protocols at the office.
Spending on school crossing patrols in Scotland has fallen by more than 50% in the past three years, according to new figures obtained by BBC Scotland's Freedom of Information requests and the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website (Berbyshire and Dumfries).
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index closed lower on Wednesday as the yen strengthened against the US dollar and shares in Toshiba fell on reports it was expecting a big loss for the current financial year, while lower oil prices weighed on energy-related-related shares.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan has announced that fares for public transport in the capital will not rise until 2020, after years of "huge increases" for Londoners, Transport for London (TfL) has said in a press conference in the City of London.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said the pound is the "right currency" for Scotland, 18 months after voters rejected the idea of independence in the 2014 referendum on the UK's membership of the United Kingdom by 55% to 45% in favour of staying in the UK.
A rare opal discovered by an Australian miner more than 70 years ago has gone on display for the first time in the state of South Australia, where it was first discovered by his father-in-law, Alan Bartram, says the BBC's Greg Dunlop.
A mudbank off the Kent coast is believed to have been home to the remains of up to 100 people who died on floating prisons more than 200 years ago, but what exactly is it and why are their remains being washed away by rising sea levels and coastal erosion?
The BBC's annual News Day is back and we are looking back at some of the best stories from the past 12 months, including some of our favourite stories from this year's News Day, which took place on Thursday, 1 March.1 March 2014, to mark the 10th anniversary of School Report's first News Day.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has accused the head of the UK's defence staff of "taking sides" in political arguments after he said he would never press the "nuclear button" if he was prime minister in the event of a future UK election to win the support for Trident.
British Vogue has appointed fashion designer Edward Enninful as its new editor-in-chief, Condé Nast International has announced.Â£1bn-a-year role for the fashion magazine has been described as "a dream job" by the company's chief executive.
A machine that can judge the best Thai food is being developed in Bangkok, but can it actually tell you what is good and what is bad, as the BBC's Tom Daley reports from the Thai Delicious lab in the Thai capital, where it is being trialled.
A new report has called for a ban on smacking children in Scotland and the UK, saying it is a "clear violation of children's human rights" and a "violation of the international consensus" on corporal punishment in all settings, including schools and at home.
Exeter Chiefs head coach Adam Paver says he had doubts about the fitness and form of Redruth's James Chapman before he made his Championship debut for the club."He's taken the bull by the horns" says the Mennaye boss. "He's really impressed me."
Newcastle went top of the Championship with a hard-fought victory over Aston Villa, who remain without a league win this season.Aston Villa's winless start to the campaign continued as Rafael Benitez's side lost for the fourth time in five games.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton says he has "no doubt" Brendan Rodgers is the right man to be the next Celtic manager, should the Scottish Premiership champions appoint him as their new boss.Â£1.5m-rated Welshman Rodgers leave the club this summer.
The partner of a transgender woman who died in prison has criticised the prison service for failing to act on a letter she wrote in which she said she "didn't want to be here no more" before she was found dead, the BBC has learned from her killer's lawyer.
The International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) has downgraded Thailand's aviation safety standards to Category 2 from Category 1, the second-lowest level, after the country failed to address a series of issues raised by the United Nations watchdog earlier this year.Â© Reuters
The new Ghostbusters film has received a mixed response from critics, with one calling it "a flat, occasionally charming disappointment" while others have said it is "fun, funny and full of energy" and "a delight to behold" in its first week of release.
A woman has died following a two-car crash in the Scottish Borders, Police Scotland have said in a new appeal to help find her family and friends who were involved in the collision in which she was also injured, two of whom remain in hospital in a critical condition.
Buy-to-let landlords will have to pay a higher stamp duty surcharge from next year, the chancellor has announced in his Autumn Statement and Spending Review speech, as part of a package of measures to boost the housing market and boost government spending in the coming year.
The M8 motorway in Perthshire has reopened following a major fire which closed the westbound carriageway in both directions for more than 12 hours after being closed for several hours due to a fuel tanker fire in the early hours of the morning, it has been confirmed.
A project to build a museum in a quarry as part of a proposed underground attraction on the Eden Project site has been given a £1.5m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) to help fund the project's first phase of work.
The Isle of Man government has defended its handling of the Sellafield nuclear power plant after a BBC investigation raised concerns about its safety and the potential impact on the island's fishing industry and the Irish Sea waters off the coast of Manx waters, the BBC has learned.
Giannelli Imbula scored on his Premier League debut as Stoke City eased to victory over Bournemouth at the Vitality Stadium to move into the top half of the table for the first time this season.Â£18.3m summer signing Joselu also netted on his debut for the Potters.
A man who claims he was sexually abused as a child has said he has had "no justice" after a police investigation into the alleged abuse of him was shut down and he was told he would not be questioned further, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.
Oldham Athletic have become the first non-league side to offer free entry to fans for their postponed League One match against Brentford on Saturday, 1 March.Â£10,000 has been offered to anyone who attends the game.Â© BBC Radio Manchester.
About 100 people protested outside the French consulate in the southern Indian city of Bangalore on Monday against the arrest of a French envoy on suspicion of the rape of his child, local media report from India's largest city, Bangalore, where he is a resident and his wife is French.
Laura Trott won her second gold medal of the British National Track Championships with victory in the women's scratch event in Manchester.The British team pursuit team pursuit and the C1-C5 200m 200m flying-start time trial were among the highlights on day three.
A second man has appeared in court charged with attempting to murder a police officer in a bomb attack in County Tyrone 10 years ago, a court has been told in a bid to free him from jail on a bail application for the second time in a week.
The US has carried out air strikes against Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, the Pentagon has said, in what is believed to be the first such attack on the group in the country since it was formed in June 2011 and is now in its third year.
A man who shone a laser pen into the cockpit of a police helicopter in Glasgow the day before the Clutha crash has been jailed for more than two-and-a-half years for attempted grievous bodily harm with intent and possession of an offensive weapon, a court has heard.
China's exports jumped more than expected in February, suggesting that the world's second largest economy may be recovering from a slowdown in its main trading partner, according to the latest official figures.Â£1.3bn (£1.1bn) worth of goods and services were exported in February.
Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has become the NBA's all-time leading scorer in points with his 10,000th of the season against the San Antonio Spurs in a 112-106 win.Â£1.2bn NBA victory over the Spurs was the latest in a series of milestones in his career.
A man serving a life sentence for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old schoolgirl has gone on trial accused of raping two other young girls in the 1980s and 1990s as well as sexually assaulting a third girl in the 1970s and 1980s.
A Welshman has helped to bring to the world the true horror of Nazi war criminal Reinhard Heydrich, 75 years after he was killed by the Allies in a daring mission during World War Two.Â£1.5m has been spent on a film based on his life and work.
A chronology of key events - here are the key dates in the history of Iceland's modern-day history:(All times GMT): A chronology by the BBC News website: (Noon: GMT): 1 July 1940: Iceland became a republic, ending Denmark's century-long rule over it.
Six members of Australia's Olympic swimming team have admitted they took the painkiller Stilnox as part of a "bonding exercise" at their training camp in Spain in July.They say they "let themselves down" and "let the sport down" by taking the drug.
The funeral of Coronation Street creator Tony Warren has taken place at St Paul's Cathedral in Manchester, where more than 1,000 people have attended the service of thanksgiving for the veteran soap writer and actor who wrote his own episodes of the long-running soap.
Fiji, a former British colony in the South Pacific, is one of the world's fastest-growing economies, and is a major tourist destination and a major producer of sugar and palm oil, both of which it relies heavily on for its energy and tourism.
The Scottish government has said it remains "open to working together" with a Chinese consortium despite the collapse of a £10bn deal with one of the country's biggest companies.Opposition parties have called for a full statement on the fate of the deal after it fell apart months ago.
A peregrine falcon has been found dead in a quarry in Gwynedd, prompting a police appeal for help to catch the culprits who poisoned the bird in a suspected case of "unprecedented" poisoning in north Wales.Â£20,000 worth of rat poison has been seized by officers.
Alex Salmond is exploring the possibility of applying for membership of the European Free Trade Association (EFTA) after the UK leaves the European Union, BBC Scotland has learned from the BBC Scotland political editor, John Swinney, of a possible meeting with the organisation's leaders.
Three Russian opposition activists have gone on hunger strike in protest after being barred from taking part in regional elections in Siberia, which they say will be a test of the government's rule of law.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters/Aleksandr Klimov
Somerset's bowlers took three wickets in the space of three balls to take control against Hampshire on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Taunton, but the visitors fought back to leave the game delicately poised at the Ageas Bowl.
South Africa has been debating whether to remove Christmas Day from the country's public holiday calendar in a bid to promote religious harmony.In the wake of recent xenophobic attacks in the country, the BBC's Nkululeko Nkosi Ntuli looks at the debate over how many public holidays the country should have.
Three men have been arrested after a life-sized nativity doll was stolen from a nativity display outside a church in Edinburgh.Police have said they are treating the theft as a "deliberate act of theft".Â£1,000 worth of coins have been recovered by police.
Nigeria's main opposition party has won most of the 36 state governorships in the first round of elections since the end of military rule 16 years ago, the electoral commission has said, in a major setback for the governing PDP party, which lost the presidential poll.
Everton have submitted plans to build a new stadium at Goodison Park or Anfield as part of a £400m redevelopment of the club's home ground in Merseyside, BBC Sport has learned from BBC Radio Merthyr Tydfil's James Reynolds.
Carlos Tevez has completed his move to Chinese Super League side Shanghai SIPG from Manchester United and Juventus, Chinese media reports say, with the player set to have a medical on Monday.Â£40m is the reported fee for the former Manchester United, Juventus and Tottenham striker.
Convicted naked rambler Stephen Gough has been issued with an order banning him from wearing any kind of clothing that shows his genitals in public places for the next three months.If he breaches it, he could be sent back to prison, a court has ruled.
The trustees of a fund set up to help restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Rennie Mackintosh building have made their first donation to the fundraising appeal to help the school rebuild its fire-hit hall of residence, it has been announced.
Fabio Bonatini scored his first goal for Wolves as they beat Middlesbrough in the opening game of the 2017-18 Championship season to move into the top half of the table with three games to go.Â£10m signing Ruben Neves also made his debut for Wolves.
Bristol have suspended head coach Tommy Robinson and have appointed Mark Tainton as their acting head coach while a review is carried out following a poor start to the Premiership season for the Premiership strugglers, reports BBC Radio 5 live's Chris Jones in Bristol.
Mae'r Scarlets wedi iddo dweud yn dilyn penderfyniad yn ôl ymddangos am y 150fed tro i'r gêm yn erbyn y Scarlets ar benwythnos agoriadol y Pro 12 ym mis Medi.
Cloud computing is often described as "a nebulous, mysterious, mysterious cloud" - a place where all the computing power is stored and all the processing is done away from the human eye and, in the words of its proponents, "nothing can be done without the power of the cloud".
In the wake of the collapse of Iceland's banking system and the Greek debt crisis, what is the outlook for the rest of the Eurozone and for the island nation of Cyprus, which is struggling to recover from the financial crisis and is now the second worst performing member of the EU?
The Duke of Cambridge has thanked the people of Anglesey for being "beautiful and welcoming" during his first visit to the island since the birth of his son, Prince George, three weeks ago, and said he would miss it "terribly" when his search and rescue duties end.
Last month, two Mexican journalists were shot dead in the same place in the city of Ciudad Acapulco in the northern state of Michoacán, in what appears to have been the latest in a series of attacks on the press in the country.
Yum Brands, the owner of KFC, Pizza Hut and Taco Bell restaurants, has reported better-than-expected profits in the third quarter, helped by a surge in sales in its China business.Shares in Yum Brands rose more than 7% in after-hours trading on Wall Street after the company raised its full-year outlook.
The 2021 Commonwealth Youth Games will be held in Northern Ireland for the first time, with the largest ever team from the island of Ireland set to compete at a Commonwealth Games, it has been announced to the BBC Sport NI team in Belfast.Â£1.5m will be spent on the event.
The US House of Representatives has withdrawn a vote on President Donald Trump's healthcare bill, hours before it was due to take place, the White House has said, hours after it was scheduled to go ahead with dozens of Republicans opposed to the bill's passage.Â€™s
It's been quite the week in the world of social media - and it's not just because of the birth of George and Amal Clooney's twins, Ella and Alexander, who are all now in their first week of life in the public eye.
Leigh Day, the law firm at the centre of the Grenfell Tower fire inquiry, has said it is investigating after a poster offering help to survivors of the blaze was put up outside its offices in London's Westgate shopping centre, it has been reported.
Levels of violence at Bristol Prison have risen and are now "considerably higher" than in similar prisons, a report has said, following an unannounced inspection of the jail two years ago, which found it was "not doing enough to deal with individual violent incidents".
The Metropolitan Museum of Art is facing a $25 (Â£18.50) lawsuit from former visitors who claim it is charging them the full price of $25 to enter the museum, even though it is free to pay what they offer for the privilege.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton has hit back at her Republican rival, Bernie Sanders, who has accused her of not being a "progressive" enough in a town hall debate in the first primary contest of the 2016 US election season in the key state of New Hampshire.
Alloa Athletic have appointed Gary Ross as their new manager on a two-year contract after agreeing a pre-contract agreement with the Scottish Championship club's board of directors on Monday.Â£1.5m has been paid in compensation for the departure of Gary McAllister.
US President Donald Trump has said he has "no idea" if he will get along with Russia's President Vladimir Putin, after the two men spoke on the phone last week, and that the US is "so innocent" compared to other countries in the world.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says young defender Alfie Mawson has the potential to become a top-class defender in the Premier League, despite only making his debut for the club two months ago at the age of 19."He has a lot of good attributes," says the Swans boss.
Plans to build a quarry on "ancient woodland" in Worcestershire are the "largest threat to a single ancient woodland site in England" in 42 years, a conservation charity has said.The firm behind the scheme has been accused of putting profits before the environment.
Bog snorkelling has been added to the programme for this summer's National Games in Gwynedd, which also includes the addition of table tennis, table tennis and tennis for the first time in the UK since the 1980s.Â£1.5m has been spent on the event so far.
American football star Johnny Manziel Manziel has been charged with assaulting his ex-girlfriend, who says he hit her in the head with a car windscreen while they were on honeymoon in Texas in May.Â€‚¬3,000 (Â£2,500; $3,500) in damages.
Scotland's first minister has ruled out holding a second independence referendum this year, saying she does not think it will be possible in 2017 as she had previously suggested it would be.Â£1bn of public money will be used to pay for a vote on the issue.
A Liverpool fan who tried to save the life of a teenager at Hillsborough has told the inquests he was asked by police to change his statement to make him look "more convincing" in his account of the disaster's final moments, a jury has heard.
The chief executive of Avon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service has called for a statutory inspection of the local authority after allegations of "serious and persistent" misconduct by senior officers.Â£1.5m of taxpayers' money is to be spent on an inquiry into the authority.
European stock markets were mostly higher on Friday, after a volatile week for China's stock markets, with the Shanghai Composite and Shenzhen Composite both closing down by more than 10% on Thursday and Thursday respectively, but the FTSE 100 ended the week up 0.93%.
Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen headed team-mate Nico Rosberg in second practice at the Chinese Grand Prix as Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Valtteri Bottas were only fourth and fifth respectively in the second session of the season."It seems like we're going to have a bigger fight than we have ever had," said Mercedes driver Lewis Hamilton.
The Forth Road Bridge should be fully operational by the end of the year if urgent repairs are carried out to fix a fault, the Scottish government's transport secretary has said, after the closure of the road bridge due to a structural fault, he has told the BBC.
An investigation has been launched into the finances of a hospital trust after a £7.8m overspend was revealed.The NHS watchdog has said it is "concerned" about the financial situation of the hospital trust in Southend and its ability to provide high quality care.
More than 100 packets of cigarettes have been found dumped on a road in Dorset, prompting a police appeal for help to track down other illegal contraband in the area, officers have said, in what is believed to be a case of mistaken identity.Â£10,000 worth of cigarettes.
Channel 4's Jess Toksvig has said she would like to see more female presenters on quiz shows, despite the BBC's all-male panel ban on female panel show presenters, saying it would make it easier for women to take part in them.
A helicopter that crashed in Norway in April, killing 11 people, may have suffered a "catastrophic failure" in the main gearbox, investigators have said.Â£1m worth of damage may have been caused by fatigue in parts of the gearbox.
The number of people visiting the five largest towns and villages in the Scottish Borders has fallen, according to new figures from Scottish Borders Council and the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and the Scottish Highways Authority (SHS).Â£1.5m has been spent on the region's town centre resilience index.
Hundreds of violent domestic abusers are to be offered therapy to help them deal with their addictions, it has been revealed, in a bid to cut the number of victims of domestic violence in England and Wales by a third in the next three years, the BBC has learned.
Ospreys wing Keelan Giles is set to replace Hallam Amos in the Wales squad for the Six Nations after the Ospreys player was ruled out of the tournament through injury for the rest of the season with a shoulder injury suffered in the World Cup loss to Australia.
Anthony Joshua has the "chink in the armour" of Wladimir Klitschko, says former world heavyweight champion Lennox Lewis, ahead of their world title fight, who says "Father Time has caught up" with the Ukrainian's "father of boxing".
Blackpool Football Club is taking legal action against a fan forum run by the club's owners over "defamatory comments" made about the club on its official Facebook page, it has been revealed in a notice on the site's official website on Friday.Â£150,000 is being sought by the owners of the club.
A man who died after his car crashed into a tree in Aberdeenshire has been named as 46-year-old James James Gunn from Stromness in the Scottish Borders, BBC Scotland has learned on a post-mortem examination examination into his death.
Derry were knocked out of the All-Ireland Club Championship in the quarter-finals as Mayo fought back in extra-time to secure a 2-19 to 1-15 win in Castlebar in a thrilling final-round replay.The Oak Leafers will have to wait to find out who they will play in next year's decider.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has praised captain Steven Smith's "courage" after he returned to the side following a six-week spell on the sidelines with a hip injury injury lay-off for the Ibrox side on Sunday."It's no co-incidence" that his side looked a stronger team when he was back in the side, says the manager.
World Superbikes Championship leader Jonathan Rea finished second in race two at Aragon as Chaz Davies won the second race to extend his lead at the top of the World Superbike standings.Marco Melandri finished second as he extended his lead in the series.
Independent school students in England, Wales and Northern Ireland receive extra time to complete their GCSE and A-level exams because of special needs or disabilities, an analysis of official data has shown, with more than one in 10 receiving extra time in the private sector last year.
Hooker Joe Burgess has been training with the New York Giants ahead of a possible move to the NFL after leaving South Sydney Rabbitohs to join the San Francisco 49ers on a two-year deal, reports BBC Radio Manchester and BBC Radio Lancashire.
League Two leaders Doncaster fought back from 3-0 down to beat Stevenage and go top of the table after a thrilling finish at the Kassam Stadium, despite being reduced to 10 men in the final 10 minutes of stoppage time at the end of the game.
Nepal is one of the world's most ethnically diverse countries, but it is struggling with the issue of identity, writes the BBC's Geeta Pandey in the capital, Kathmandu, where thousands of people are still waiting for their own citizenship documents.
Castleford Tigers maintained their 100% start to the Super League season with a hard-fought victory over St Helens at the Halliwell-Widnes Vikings, who remain top of the table with two games to go in the Super 8s.
Manchester United's final game at West Ham ended in defeat - but it was a defeat that left them still in with a chance of Champions League football next season - but with Manchester City on their way to the top of the Premier League and Manchester City at the controls on Sunday.
Germany will host the start of the 2016 Tour de France, it has been announced, with the race starting in the city of Dusseldorf in the east of the country on Sunday, 7 July.London will not host the Grand Depart, organisers have confirmed.
NHS Lothian has been told to improve the care of dementia patients at a mental health hospital in Edinburgh after a report found "significant" delays in discharging them due to a lack of staff.Â£1.5m is to be spent on improving the service.
A man has been charged with running a brothel in Warwickshire as part of a multi-million pound operation to tackle human trafficking, police have said in a new report to the Crown Prosecution service (CPS) and the Home Office (HPS).
A lawyer for Guatemala's former military leader, Efrain Rios Montt, has been shot dead in a drive-by shooting hours before his retrial for crimes against humanity was due to start, officials say.â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.4m; $1.6m)
Oscar-winning film producer John Chartoff, who produced Rocky and Raging Bull, has died at the age of 83. His daughters have paid tribute to their "amazing father and person", saying he was "an amazing father and father".Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in the bank.
A special event has been held to mark the 50th anniversary of England's victory over West Germany in the 1966 World Cup final, which ended in a dramatic extra-time win for Gareth Southgate's side over West Berliners in the final of a World Cup for the first time.
A dedicated police unit to tackle online hate crimes has been launched by the mayor of London, in a bid to help victims of online abuse in the capital.Â£1.7m is being spent on the new unit, the city's mayor has announced.
If you want to browse the internet more securely you need a way to make it look like you have travelled to another country or another country, or even a completely different country, and you need to be able to do it from somewhere other than your own home, but how do you do it?
The world's biggest brewer, Carlsberg, has reported a fall in sales for the first half of the year, with a sharp drop in sales in Ukraine and a drop in demand in Western Europe, where it makes most of its beer.Â£1.5bn (1.2bn euros) of profits.
Police investigating the disappearance of Ben Needham on the Greek island of Kos are to visit the island for the first time since the toddler went missing more than 20 years ago, it has been confirmed by the force's chief constable and the island's police chief.
Driving test examiners and coastguard staff are to stage a series of strikes in a row over planned cuts to services, a union has said, in the latest public sector industrial action in a dispute over jobs and pensions.The government has been accused of "ploughing on" with "unnecessary and unpopular" cuts.
Cambridge United and Carlisle United played out a goalless draw at Brunton Park in League Two, with both sides having a man sent off in the final 10 minutes of each half-an-half hour of the game at Cumbria County's game.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man was stabbed to death in Wolverhampton, sparking a murder inquiry by police.Detectives have said they are continuing to appeal for witnesses after the man's body was found at a house in the city.
The government has taken "huge steps" towards the reopening of Manston Airport in Kent, it has been announced, but the airport's new owners are taking legal advice over the timing of the announcement. They say they will make a formal complaint to the Electoral Commission.
On a bed in the University Hospital of the Central African Republic (CAR) in Bambari, Jocelyn Gerizapa lay motionless, her head between her knees, her arms wrapped around her neck and her legs as the nurses cleaned her wounds.
Former world champion Carl Froch says he will return to the ring in December to defend his WBA, IBF and WBO super-middleweight titles for the first time in 18 months and retire at the end of the year with a title fight in his sights.
The West End does not exist in a vacuum, according to Liberal Democrat MP Dominic Quince in the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport Select Committee debate on Thursday.He was one of a number of MPs who took to the debate stage to highlight the importance of regional theatres.
A rare tropical storm has formed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of North Carolina, the first of its kind to hit the region since records began in 1910, forecasters have said, as the El Nino weather phenomenon continues to sweep across the Pacific Ocean.
The Queen has pledged a "strong and lasting" devolution settlement for Wales in her Queen's Speech, as the Welsh Government said a bill to give more powers to the Welsh Assembly will be published "as early as possible" in the new parliamentary session in May.
Scotland lock Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year contract with Glasgow Warriors that will keep him at the Pro12 club until the end of the 2018-19 season and will tie him to Scotstoun until the summer of 2019."It's been a fantastic few years development," says the Glasgow Warriors player.
Five men and a woman have gone on trial accused of conspiring to supply heroin worth more than £5m with a speaker in a speaker box hidden in a car speaker, a court has been told in a bid to smuggle the drugs into the UK in a £50,000 car.
More than half of Scots have been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food at least once in the last year, according to a new survey of more than 1,500 people in the Scottish Borders and Aberdeenshire who have taken part in it.
A council has said it has had to move six children out of its care because it cannot cope with the rising number of unaccompanied asylum-seeking children arriving in the county at the same time as it takes on more permanent residents from other areas of the UK, it has admitted.
Rugby players should be treated as "role model professionals" after signing a new five-year contract worth more than £300,000 a year, says Harlequins prop Matt Hopley."They deserve it," says the RPA's chief executive.
A furniture shop owner has been jailed for eight years for growing cannabis plants and using money-laundering to cover up the illegal trade in the drug-dealing trade for more than a decade, a court has heard.Â£100,000 has been ordered to be spent on a further 12 months in jail.
Authorities in the US state of Florida are searching for a 5ft (1.2m) python that escaped from a Florida home and is believed to be on the loose for more than a week.The owner of the reptile is a reality TV show star.
Glenavon have been given a three-match ban by the NI FA's Disciplinary Committee for failing to control their players during their 3-0 home defeat by Dungannon Swifts in the Premiership match at Magilligan Park on Saturday, 2 March.
Two men killed in a light aircraft crash on a farm in Powys have been named by police as a 22-year-old man and a 23-year old man from Cheshire, who were aged 22 and 22 respectively, both from the same family.
Kent's hopes of winning the Division Two title suffered a setback as they were bowled out for just 138 by Northants on day one.It was their lowest-ever first-innings total against a Division Two team at a County Championship Division Two club.
The trial of three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news has begun in Cairo, with video clips of their alleged crimes being played in court in a bid to prove their innocence, media reports say, as defence lawyers complained about poor quality.Â£1m bail has been granted for the defendants.
The UK's Supreme Court is to decide whether a couple can sue the government over claims they were tortured by the US after being taken from Thailand to the UK in 2004 and held in Libya.Â£1 damages claim against the UK government is to go to the highest court.
A woman from Kent is still waiting to find out if she will be allowed to travel to New Zealand to attend her grandfather's funeral after her visa application was rejected by the UK Border Agency (UKBA) for not being submitted quickly enough, it has emerged.
A man has been detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act after he was found not guilty of attempted murder on the grounds of insanity for stabbing a Muslim man on a London Underground train in a fit of paranoid schizophrenia, a judge has ruled at the Old Bailey in London.
Parts of the A82 in the Highlands have partially reopened after being closed due to a series of landslips following three days of heavy rain in some parts of the country, the Met Office has said, as the worst-affected parts of Scotland are still to come to an end.
The Welsh Government has expressed concern over plans to cut 27 jobs at BBC Studios, the BBC's TV production arm, with the loss of in-house production in Wales, which could lead to a redundancy of up to 27 jobs by the end of the year.
The Diddymen's Bobby Dodd has been revealed as the UK's biggest-selling record of the 1960s, ahead of The Beatles' I Want to Hold Your Hand and The Rolling Stones' I Can't Buy Me Love, BBC Radio 2 has learned.
Ian Hutchinson is in a critical condition in hospital after suffering a broken leg in a crash during the opening Supertwins race at the Isle of Man TT on Friday.Â£100,000 worth of damage has been caused to his leg and pelvis in the crash.
Theresa May's decision to quit as foreign secretary is a blow to the prime minister's efforts to build a new team around her, but it is also a blow for the Conservatives - and for Lady Warsi, the woman who rose to the top of David Cameron's cabinet.
Novak Djokovic and Milos Raonic were knocked out of the men's doubles in the second round of the Olympic Games in Rio on Sunday.Â£1.5m in prize money was lost to the pairings of Joachim Lowes and Joao Sousa in the doubles.
A former CIA station chief who was convicted in Italy for his role in the abduction of a terror suspect has been arrested in Panama, US officials say, ending a six-year jail sentence.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) reward for information leading to his capture.
Northern Ireland's Neil Robertson Milkins says his first win of the season at the UK Championship lifted him off the bottom of the world rankings and boosted his hopes of a return to the top of the snooker world rankings after a run of five successive defeats.
Irish police have carried out a search of properties in Dublin as part of an investigation into the murder of former boxing promoter Denis 'Dandy' Byrne in the Republic of Ireland city earlier this year, the Irish Republic's RTÉ news agency has reported.Â£1m worth of property has been seized in the operation.
A new artificial football pitch has been unveiled ahead of the Champions League final in Cardiff, which will be played on a grass pitch for the first time in the city's history, it has been announced on the eve of the game.Â£1.5m has been awarded for the project.
A new home for the Newport Ship has been found for one of the city's "most remarkable archaeological finds of the last 50 years", it has been announced after campaigners raised concerns about its long-term future in a council-owned warehouse in Maeglas, Newport.
Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump's campaign manager Corey Lewandowski has been charged with assault over an incident with a reporter at a rally, his campaign has said, calling him "absolutely innocent" of the assault charge, the campaign said on Tuesday night, hours before a key primary.
Two men have admitted health and safety breaches following the death of a man who was crushed when two lorry stacks fell on top of him at a fuel depot in March 2013, a court has been told on the eve of his death anniversary, in what could be a maximum fine of £60,000.
Hundreds of tenants in Southampton are being forced to live in unlicensed homes because landlords are reluctant to pay to have them licensed, a council has said - despite a fine of up to Â£20,000 for non-payment of a licence fee, it has been claimed.
Pepper, the robot that can recognise human emotions, is to be deployed in two Belgian hospitals, one in the reception area and the other in the hospital's helpdesk, the company behind it has announced.Â£1.5m will be spent on making the robots more helpful.
Malnutrition is a factor in the deaths of hundreds of patients every year in the NHS, according to the Care Quality Commission, a watchdog set up by the government in response to the Francis Inquiry into poor care in Staffordshire and the Stafford Hospital Scandal in 2006-2009.
The brother of one of the victims of Bloody Sunday has described a planned march by former soldiers in Londonderry as an "act of pure provocation" and "totally insensitive" to the city's ethnic Irish population, calling for it to be cancelled.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi has launched a campaign to boost manufacturing, saying it is "pained" that people had been "forced to leave" the country for higher wages and better jobs abroad in the past few years, writes BBC Hindi's Geeta Pandey in Delhi.
Nigeria's new national team coach Stephen Keshi has appeared before the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) disciplinary panel in Abuja to answer questions about his conduct in his first public appearance since taking over as national team manager in January. However, he did not appear at the hearing.
Human bones have been found in the search for the remains of a woman thought to have been murdered more than a decade ago, police have said.Â£20,000 worth of human remains have been identified as those of Jean Tiffney, who went missing in 2002.
Oldham Athletic manager Karl Robinson says he expects the club's transfer embargo to be lifted next week and hopes to sign new players before the end of the transfer window closes on 1 January, despite being without a win in 11 league games this season.Â£1.5m is coming in from the league, says BBC Radio Manchester.
A tipper truck has crashed into the front of a house, knocking down two gas cylinders and damaging the house's front door and causing a partial collapse, the fire service has said, prompting a search and rescue team to be called out to assess the damage to the property.
Michael O'Neill's Northern Ireland were beaten 3-0 by Norway in their final World Cup warm-up game in Belfast as Martin Nordtveit, Mohamed Elyounoussi and Johan Ruud scored in the last 10 minutes to give the visitors victory.
Russian President Vladimir Putin has met French far-right presidential candidate Marine Le Pen during a rare meeting with her in Moscow, his spokesman says, amid a row over Russia's alleged interference in the US presidential election last year and his country's alleged links to the Trump campaign.
A man who was shot dead at a pool party in Surrey has been named by police as 31-year-old James Hunter, who died from a single gunshot wound to the chest.Police have said they are "determined to bring those responsible to justice" in connection with his death.
David Cameron has reached a deal with EU leaders to secure the UK's continued membership of the bloc, he has said.The UK will never become a "superstate" inside the EU, the prime minister has said, as he set out a package of reforms he wants.
A discount bus pass scheme for young people will continue to be offered in Wales after a U-turn by the Welsh Government, the economy secretary has said in a statement to MSPs and AMs on the assembly's first full day of the new assembly term.
A woman jailed for embezzling more than £600,000 from her employer has been ordered to pay back more than half of the money she took from the company she worked for for more than a year and ordered to hand over £587,000 in assets.
Aberdeen and London could lose hundreds of jobs as a result of a global restructuring by one of the world's largest engineering firms, it has been announced.Â£100m of investment is being made in Aberdeen and London as part of plans to cut 1,000 jobs.
The "hidden economy" could be targeted by the taxman under plans to collect more data from businesses and individuals who sell goods online, the tax authority has warned in a new consultation document on the issue.Â£5.9bn a year could be lost in tax if the powers are extended.
Can you imagine if you had to dig up a whole lot of gold in your back garden to find a gold nugget in the middle of the garden at the end of a long winter's night - and did you know gold nuggets can be found in your garden?
A song about fusing a pen with an apple and a pineapple has gone viral on social media in Japan - and it's not just in the country - it has become a global hit too.Â© Piko-Taro / Kyohei Matsumoto.
A rugby player who died after suffering a head injury during a match had donated her organs to save her life, a coroner has ruled after hearing her parents' plea for better treatment for concussions and head injuries on the sport's safe playing fields in the UK and Ireland.
Leicester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a goalless draw by Southampton at the King Power Stadium by manager Claudio Ranieri's first game back in charge of the Foxes after his side's Champions League exit.
In the 1980s, photographer Martha Cooper and graffiti artist Henry Chalfant were working together in New York's subway system, capturing the graffiti graffiti that was taking place in the city's yards and rail yards, as well as the street art that was being created on the tracks.
Uefa has charged the Football Association of Lithuania and the Lithuanian Football Association (LFA) with breaches of ticketing rules following disorder at Wembley Stadium during England's Euro 2016 qualifier between the two teams on Saturday.The English FA has said it will "fully cooperate" with Uefa.
Newport County chief executive Gary Foxall says the club are "expecting to be honoured" by their lease to use Rodney Parade if they are relegated from the Football League, despite uncertainty over the future of the club's use of the stadium.Â£500,000 of debt could be written off if they lose the ground, he says.
Former world number one Paul Lawrie is to have surgery on his foot and hopes to be back in contention at next year's Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after suffering a setback in his recovery from the injury he picked up in May's Scottish Open at Castle Stuart.
A man who posted "vile, aggressive sexual fantasies" images of two women online has been given a 12-month community order.Â£10,000 fine and banned from using social media after he admitted a string of offences against women he met on the internet.
The United States embassy in Dublin raised concerns about The Quiet Man being shown in the Republic of Ireland because it would be seen as a "rollicking farce", according to newly released documents seen by the Irish Times and the Irish Telegraph, it has been revealed.
Three men have been jailed after cannabis plants worth more than £800,000 were found at an industrial estate in Bridgend county, a court has heard, with one serving more than five years each in prison for their part in the drugs offences, it has emerged.
Australian police are investigating the murder of a prominent Australian lawyer who was found shot dead in his car in a city notorious for gangland violence.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) in debts, according to local media reports.
Greater Manchester Police are investigating social media abuse directed at St Helens rugby league player Ben Flower, who is serving a ban for punching a man in the face.Â£10,000 of fine money has been handed to the player's club by the Rugby Football League's governing body.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been urged to close offshore migrant detention centres on Nauru and Papua New Guinea, amid claims of rape and torture by some staff and activists, and claims of abuse by the government itself, by academics at his former university, the University of Western Australia.
An 83-year-old man with dementia has been rescued by police after he was spotted driving his mobility scooter on a dual carriageway at speeds of up to 100mph (160km/h) in a 30mph (48kph) zone.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino has opened South Sudan's first official football stadium as he began his first official visit to the country since taking over as head of world football's governing body in July 2015, in a ceremony attended by thousands of football fans.
Shay Logan says the support of manager Derek McInnes was a key factor in his decision to sign a new Pittodrie deal with the Dons, despite having a family of his own in the United Kingdom and wanting to be closer to his family.
A service of remembrance has been held in Cardiff to mark the 100th anniversary of the end of the First World War and the centenary of the start of the Second World War in the UK and the end to World War One in the world's second largest country.
Director Joss Whedon has deleted his Twitter account, saying he had reached "rock bottom" in his addiction to the social media site. He has denied that he was targeted by "social justice warriors" after criticism of his portrayal of female characters in the latest Avengers film.
The organisation that created the world's first low-cost laptop for children has been given a $1.5m (£1.1m) grant to help it produce a tablet version of its XO-3 computer.Â£1.4m has been awarded to help the organisation produce its next device.
Car owners in the US will be able to modify their vehicles' software without facing legal action, under new rules approved by the country's copyright office, US media report, citing a ruling by the Library of Congress on Wednesday night, after years of legal wrangling over the issue.
American Jason Bohn is "resting comfortably" in hospital after suffering a mild heart attack during the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in Florida, his agent has said, but is not yet certain of his long-term prognosis following the incident.
Australia reached the Women's World Twenty20 final with a seven-wicket victory over England in a thrilling semi-final in India.The defending champions will play New Zealand or West Indies in Sunday's final after a thrilling final.Â£1.5m prize money was awarded to Australia.
Oil prices have fallen below $40 a barrel for the first time since June 2014 after a sharp fall in the price of crude oil hit a three-month low on Monday morning in the wake of a decision by the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) not to cut production.
The Soloist building in Belfast city centre has been bought by a London-based property firm, according to the latest land registry records seen by the BBC News NI website and the BBC's Panorama programme on Monday night (19:00 BST).Â£14.5m is believed to be the price of the property.
When US President Barack Obama meets German Chancellor Angela Merkel for the first time since the Edward Snowden revelations, he is likely to be accompanied by his former National Security Agency (NSA) contractor, James Bond-style character, for whom he is best known as the leaker.
World number one Jason Day won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Honda Classic in Florida on Sunday to claim his second title of the year in a thrilling finish to the tournament.Â£1.6m was the prize money for the event, which was won by American Matt Kuchar.
Inside the Red Cross offices in Malakal, in South Sudan's capital, Juba, I am greeted by a group of women in their early 20s, dressed in blue and white striped jumpers, as if they have just arrived from the refugee camp.
When acid was thrown in the face of an 11-year-old girl in the Indian city of Kolkata, she was left scarred for life, unable to walk or talk for more than a year and unable to work for three years. Today she is one of the youngest people in the world to receive a posthumous degree in law.
The deaths of two pensioners whose bodies were found at a house in Ballycastle, County Antrim, are not being treated as suspicious, police have said in a statement to the PSNI's crime commissioner (PCC) on Thursday night (1 March).
Theresa May's speech in Downing Street on Wednesday was a bit like the one she delivered in the wake of the 2015 general election defeat, as if it had been written by someone who had never been to the House of Commons before, rather than someone who has been there for 11 months.
Plans to enshrine statutory staffing levels for nurses and midwives in Scottish law are to be announced by the Scottish government later this week, BBC Scotland has learned from the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) ahead of the event.Â£1.5m funding is to be made available for extra staff.
Ukraine's far-right leader Petro Poroshenko has dismissed the results of last month's parliamentary elections as a referendum on the country's fascist past, saying that the far right did not get a single seat in parliament, and that the country is now "completely free of fascists".
Greece and its international creditors have failed to reach an agreement in talks aimed at averting a Greek default, the EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF) have said, as pressure mounts on the country to make further cuts to save its debt-ridden economy.
A five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia whose parents refused to give him chemotherapy after he was diagnosed with a brain tumour could face a "dramatic" decline in his survival chances, doctors have told the BBC's The Untold Story.
Dogs could be banned from some public spaces in Wrexham under plans being considered by the city council, the RSPCA has said, calling them a "disproportionate" ban on the pets of "responsible dog owners" and a "punishment of responsible dog owners".
Two people have been taken to hospital following a crash on the A55 near Bangor in Gwynedd which closed the northbound carriageway for more than 12 hours overnight and left the road closed for the morning rush-hour rush hour in both directions.
Portsmouth goalkeeper Ben Carson produced a string of fine saves to earn his side a goalless draw against Hartlepool at Fratton Park and dent the Pools' League Two play-off hopes at the start of a run of three games without a win.
A sick sea turtle that washed up on a County Antrim beach has been moved to a special tank after vets said it was too ill to be kept on its own in a local vet's care unit in the town of La Collette, in the Isle of Man.
Rohit Singh is 11 years old and lives in a village in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, where he is a day labourer who works every day at the river bank of the Sonepur river to earn money to feed his family of six.
A bill to lower the legal drink-driving limit in England and Wales is set to be debated in the House of Lords by the Alcohol Health Alliance, a group of doctors, scientists and public health experts who say the current limit is "dangerous" and should be lowered.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) is to investigate how police handled the case of missing actress Sian Blake and her two young sons, whose bodies were found in the garden of their south-east London home, it has been confirmed by the watchdog.
Motherwell manager Nigel Pearson says his decision to sign a two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club was a no-brainer."I'm looking forward to helping the club get back to where I want to be," says the former England and Leicester City defender.
A five-year-old girl who had a heart transplant after her father had a similar operation has returned to school seven weeks ahead of schedule after a three-month wait for a new piece of equipment."The community has been magnificent" said her mother as she described how it helped her through the ordeal.
Former professional American football player Kelly Welter has become the first woman to be appointed as a coach in a men's professional football team, the Arizona Cardinals have confirmed to BBC Radio Arizona and BBC Radio 5 live sportsound.co.uk on Monday.Â£1.
A leading Brexit campaigner has said people should stop talking about "hard and soft" Brexit in terms that people "don't understand" and focus on "jobs and jobs and jobs" as the UK prepares to leave the EU, BBC Wales has been told by a senior UKIP MEP.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has backtracked on a claim he made on Wednesday that $400m (£300m) was paid to Iran by the Obama administration in cash, saying he saw a video showing the cash being delivered.The White House has denied paying ransom.
A man armed with a chainsaw and an axe has killed a woman and injured several others at a shopping centre in Belarus, police have said in a statement to the state news agency Komsomolskaya Pravda (SPV) citing local media reports.
First Minister Peter Robinson has said his father-in-law applied to a flawed energy scheme before he was married, but has denied any financial benefit to him or his wife from the company which set it up, after a DUP special adviser claimed he was banned from challenging it.
The mayor of Paris has said she is considering taking legal action against Fox News over comments it made about the city's Muslim population, which it said was a "no-go area" for non-Muslims in the wake of last week's attacks in the city.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% by the Bank of England's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) for the second month in a row, despite a drop in oil prices and a rise in the value of the pound and falling oil prices.
England all-rounder Ben Stokes says he has "grown up" as he prepares for his first one-day international against West Indies in Grenada on Friday, but admits he may have to "take a step back" a few times in his career.
Labour is "fundamentally disagreeing" with voters on the EU referendum issue, the party's general election campaign co-ordinator Michael Mann has said, amid calls for the party to do more to get its supporters to back Remain in the UK's EU referendum.
Plans for a teaching block and technology park for the University of Sussex have been submitted to the local council for planning permission to build on the site of the university's new campus in West Sussex, it has been announced in a bid to attract more students.Â£1.5m will be spent on the development.
Saracens ran in seven tries as they thrashed Oyonnax to move to the top of their Champions Cup group and set up a potential quarter-final tie against Leicester Tigers.England fly-half Owen Farrell was the star of the show with a brilliant display in Paris.
A man who led police on a high-speed chase through the streets of West Sussex has been jailed for 15 months after he was caught driving without a licence or third-party insurance after evading stop sticks and a police car's attempts to stop him for more than half a mile.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week - and at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media, any of which you may know of.
Caitlyn Jenner, Angelina Jolie and Anna Wintour have been named on the BBC's Woman's Hour list of the most influential women in the world of politics, entertainment and business.Â£1bn-a-year influence list has been revealed, with transgender reality TV star Caitlyn Jenner making its first appearance.
When Peter Choe was appointed as the first chief executive of a new hotel chain in Singapore in 1997, he had no idea he would go on to become one of the world's biggest property developers and operators of high-end serviced apartments in the next few years.
Derby's winless run extended to five games as they were held to a goalless draw by Brentford at the Proact Stadium, their first away league draw of the season in which they have failed to score for the first time in all competitions.
Glasgow Warriors director of rugby Dai Blair says the club will be working hard to keep their best players at the Pro12 club next season, despite only three of their current squad having signed new deals so far this year."There's a lot of money being thrown around in England and France but the product that Glasgow can give is not as much."
Olympic champion Lizzie Armitstead has given birth to her first child with husband Jason Kenny, the first British woman to give birth to a child in the Rio de Janeiro Olympic track and road cycling venue."You kept us waiting a week," she has said.
A canoe has been spotted in the middle of the M1 motorway after falling off a car roof and getting stuck in the slip road in the early hours of the morning, causing delays for drivers and commuters.Â£1,000 worth of plastic sheeting has been removed from the road.
West Ham United captain James Collins Collins has signed a new five-year contract with the Premier League club.Â£10m signing has become the fifth player to commit his future to the club this summer by agreeing a new three-and-a-half-year deal.
Sergio Aguero says Manchester City can still "turn it around" despite being booed off the pitch after their Champions League exit at the hands of CSKA Moscow, despite being in the bottom two places in the group stage of Europe's top club competition.
Snow and ice is causing disruption to travel and disruption to schools in parts of northern England, with some schools closed and flights delayed or cancelled.The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for snow and ice across much of the country on Friday and Saturday.
Archaeologists in the Czech Republic say they have discovered the remains of human skeletons dating back to the time of the Black Death, the world's worst pandemic of the 19th Century plague, which killed more than a quarter of a million people and wiped out millions more.
The vice-principal of a County Antrim primary school where a father and son were seriously injured in an arson attack has been praised for his efforts to save the life of one of his children.The school has been closed for a second day to allow staff to meet with independent counsellors.
American Airlines and United Airlines have joined Delta in banning the shipment of trophy-hunting trophies in the wake of the outcry over the killing of a lion in Zimbabwe's capital, Harare, by a US dentist who paid to hunt Cecil the lion, a protected species.
The Rugby Football League's chief executive has called for London to "do London well" in order for the sport to "go from strength to strength" in the capital.Â£10.1m funding cuts will not hamper the sport's progress in the region, says the head of the RFL.
European Union leaders are meeting in Brussels to try to find a solution to the migrant crisis, amid deep divisions over how to deal with the influx of people from war-torn Syria and other countries in the EU, the BBC has learned from the first day of the summit.
A police officer has been arrested over a hoax terror threat to kidnap a colleague in December last year, Scotland Yard has said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) and BBC News NI's Victoria Derbyshire programme, which was broadcast live on BBC One.
At least 21 people have been injured after a pick-up truck ploughed into a crowd at a Mardi Gras parade in the US city of New Orleans, police say, in what is believed to have been an act of road rage and mistaken identity.
The Gleneagles Guesthouse in Southend has offered a free night in its "premier suite" to TV presenter Paul O'Grady after he called the town a "shithole" during a TV chat show appearance on Saturday night, the BBC has learned.
It is not every day that you get a job offer you the chance to try something new and discover it is a hit with your boss and find out that you are the perfect fit for the job of chief executive of a snack food company that sells more than 400 different healthy snacks.
There are many ways to measure the Barack Obama presidency, and many different charts to tell the story of the US economy and of the White House, but few are as important as the ones used by Wall Street economists and journalists.And so it is with the release of the latest jobs figures that many Americans will be able to measure out the Obama presidency.
The Archbishop of South Africa Desmond Tutu has said he would be open to the possibility of legalising assisted dying for the terminally ill, saying he would "not mind" if it were legalised in England and Wales, but would be "upset" if he did so.
Flights to Egypt are returning to normal at Monarch Airlines following the terror attacks in Paris last month, the airline has said, as it reported a return to profit for the first time in four years.Â£200m of costs have been cut from its business during 2014.
A man has been found guilty of stabbing a man to death in a Dumfries and Galloway village where a teenager had been killed in a drugs-related attack hours before his body was exhumed and cremated in a mass cremation on the same day.
Tesla has said it will increase production five-fold over the next two years as it continues to struggle to meet demand for its cars, sending its shares up after it reported better-than-expected quarterly profits and said it was on track to deliver 90,000 cars this year.
"I've only slept with men I've been married to, so I don't have any regrets about that fact, but I certainly wouldn't have got married eight times if I had known I was going to get married that many times, either to the same man or to any other woman."
Bristol have re-signed full-back Luke Arscott on loan from Bath until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent move to the Premiership club in the summer of 2018.Â£500,000 will be paid to the player's contract.
A primary school in Oxfordshire has banned British Bulldog from its playground because of the number of broken bones caused by the game, the BBC has learned from a report from the town's Independent School Press Association (ISPA).Â£1,000 fine issued to parents for sending their children home from class.
Northern Ireland faces another four years of "challenging economic circumstances" with unemployment continuing to rise, according to a new report by accountancy firm PwC, which forecasts that Northern Ireland's economy will grow by 1.8% in 2015 and 1.7% in 2016.
"I can never get back the years I spent with my son in police custody," read a letter published in the Sunday Times last week, in which the mother of a man shot dead by police in south-east London was sharply critical of the way the police watchdog handled the case.
At least three people have been killed and seven injured in a shooting at a wood processing plant in western Switzerland, prosecutors say, in what is thought to be the country's worst gun attack in recent years, local media report, citing local media reports and local officials.
Plans for a giant dragon sculpture in Wrexham are set to be given the go-ahead to be extended to allow work to start on the £2.5m project next year.Â£1.5 million of public money is expected to be needed to complete the project.
Nottinghamshire director of cricket Mick Newell says relegation from Division One of the County Championship is "embarrassing" for the players and the club as they prepare for life in the second tier of English cricket for the first time since the end of the 2003 season.
A woman has told a court she was forced to have sex most days for several months by a gang of men in Rotherham who sexually abused her as a young child and forced her to work in a restaurant in Blackpool in the 1980s and 90s.
Pope Francis has called on Christians to show "empathy, compassion and mercy" as he celebrated Mass at the Vatican on the eve of the Christmas Eve service for millions of people celebrating the birth of his son, the Christ child Jesus, on Christmas Eve.Â£1bn worth of gifts for the poor, he has said.
A court in China has begun hearing evidence in the trial of prominent Uighur academic Ilham Tohti, who has been charged with separatism in the western region of Xinjiang, amid growing tension between Uighurs and Han Chinese authorities in China's restive region.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has been left hanging upside down on a zip wire during a high-wire stunt at the start of the Olympic Games in the capital's Olympic Park on Saturday."James Bond-esque" zip wire stunt went wrong for the mayor, onlookers said.
Reading's winless run in the Championship extended to five games as they beat Fulham at the Madejski Stadium to move to within five points of the play-off places and within a point of second-placed Huddersfield at the bottom of the table.
Northern Ireland's Euro 2016 qualifier against Ukraine has been postponed after a lorry overturned on the M1 in County Armagh on Tuesday.The game between the two teams was postponed because of a road traffic collision between the M4 and M1 motorways at Ballymena.
Middlesbrough boss Steve Agnew says his side were "naive" in defence as they lost 4-2 to Hull City at the Riverside Stadium in the Championship on Tuesday night to slip to within three points of the bottom three.Â£12m Burnley are the visitors on Saturday.
At least 11 people have been killed in a shootout between rival drug gangs in northern Mexico, officials say, in what is believed to be the country's deadliest month for drug-related violence since records began 18 years ago, local media reports say, with more than 2,000 killed.
How would you feel if the last school in your local authority offered A-levels - and all the other schools in the area offered the qualification went out of business and you had to find somewhere else to send your child to get them on their journey to university?
The Lion King is one of 25 new films to be added to the US Library of Congress's National Film Preservation Hall of Fame in New York this year, it has been announced in a press release from the library's trustees.Â£1.5m in donations is to be used to expand its collection.
At least 160 people have been killed in a church collapse in the southern Nigerian city of Uyo, witnesses have told the BBC and other news agencies, with many more feared dead in the mortuary of the local hospital where the bodies are being taken in the capital, Abuja.
England's Moeen Ali says he will have to improve his bowling if he is to have a successful Test career against New Zealand and Australia next year."India didn't show me enough respect" says the off-spinner ahead of this summer's series in the West Indies.
A woman accused of being sexually abused as a child by a former royal aide has told a court she did not fantasise about the abuse, but was "groomed and manipulated" by the man accused of assaulting her "four or five times" over a four-year period.
Ireland lost by eight wickets to Afghanistan in their Intercontinental Cup game on Saturday as the Afghans won by eight runs in the second game of a three-match series between the sides in India by an innings and 42 runs.Â£1.5m was paid to the Irish for the loss of two wickets.
Nottingham Forest striker Britt Assombalonga has left the club by mutual consent after turning down a new contract, BBC Radio Nottingham has been told by the Championship club's director of football Steve Coppell-Dennis on his release clause of £2.5m.
A 15-year-old boy who went on the run after a teacher and a pupil were stabbed at a boarding school has been arrested on a train, police have said, hours after he was found at a station in Herefordshire, where he was being held.
Raith Rovers missed the chance to go top of Scottish League One as they were held to a goalless draw at home by Dunfermline Athletic in the Scottish Cup second round tie at Tannadice on Saturday.Â£1,000-rated Ross Davidson scored the only goal of the game for the visitors.
Former world heavyweight champion Mike Tyson Fury believes professional boxers will be beaten by amateur fighters at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, if plans to allow them to compete in the Games go ahead next year.Lennox Lewis has called the idea "preposterous" and called it "a joke".
A wreath-laying ceremony has been held in London to mark Anzac Day, marking the centenary of the Gallipoli landings in World War One and the start of the Battle of the Somme for the allied forces in the Middle East.
The US has imposed fresh sanctions on Iran in response to Tehran's recent activity in the Middle East, the latest in a series of measures announced by the Trump administration since it took office on 20 January, as part of its efforts to counter Iran's threat to destabilise the region.
GCSE entries for this year's GCSEs have fallen slightly in Wales, but there has been an increase in the number of entries for Year 11 students.Here are the main findings from the latest GCSE results results in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, as well as those in Scotland.
Plans for two new rail franchises in the north of England have been unveiled by the government amid concerns they could see services axed or replaced by a single operator in a bid to improve customer service.Â£1bn will be spent on the network over the next five years, the government has said.
Four people have been rescued from the sea after a speedboat overturned off the coast of Brixham in Devon with a teenage girl trapped in the overturned vessel, RNLI lifeboat crews have said, with her airlifted to hospital in a critical condition.
Victims of institutional abuse and those of clerical abuse have called for the remit of a Stormont inquiry to be widened to deal with abuse which took place outside the institutions it is investigating to include those who were victims of abuse in the church and other institutions.
Intel has reported a fall in profits for the third quarter of the year as it continues to struggle with slowing PC sales and weak demand for its high-end memory chips, particularly in data-servers.The chipmaker has said its outlook for the fourth quarter does not include any potential acquisitions.
The prime minister is to discuss the threat from Islamist extremism with the leaders of Indonesia and Malaysia during a visit to Indonesia next week, it has been announced by the UK government to discuss counter-terrorism in the Middle East and North Africa, and how the UK can offer help.
Airbus is to get £3.7m to help build new training centres and transport projects in Wales, the Welsh government has announced as part of a multi-million pound funding package for the sector.Â£2.8m is to be used to help attract new airlines to the country.
A mother has written a letter to every new mother in a bid to help her through the "challenging" task of being a first-time mum."You know you've got this" has been written in a letter left by a stranger in a supermarket car park.
At least 22 people have been killed in two separate attacks by suspected Islamist militants in north-eastern Nigeria, officials say, as a young female suicide bomber carried out a similar attack in the north-east of the country on the same day, reports say.
Maternity services at Caithness General Hospital in Inverness are to be changed sooner than planned, the health board has said in its latest announcement on maternity services at the Scottish Borders' main hopsital, it has been revealed to BBC Alba in the Highlands.
The Scottish government has defended its controversial new school curriculum, saying it will produce the results needed to improve pupils' education and employment prospects in the country's education system and increase standards in the private sector.The education secretary has said he is "confident" the new system will produce results.
A letter written by the future Queen Elizabeth II describing her relationship with Prince Philip has sold for more than £15,000 at auction.Â£1,000 was the highest price paid for a single item at the auction of the Queen's 90th birthday, it has emerged.
When Leanne Wood was a teenager growing up in the Rhondda Cynon Taff, she wanted to be a newsreader, but her father worked in a coal mine and she had to leave school early to help support her family and get to school in the summer holidays.
Air pollution levels at Heathrow could rise if there is a third runway at the airport, according to a new study published in the journal Atmospheric Chemistry and Environmental Science (CSE). However, it would be offset by a fall in traffic on the roads, rather than planes in the air.
The Davis Cup final between Great Britain and Belgium will go ahead in Belgium next week despite security concerns, says the head of the FTF, which organises the event, despite the terror threat in the country being at its highest level for the first time since the Paris attacks.
A passenger plane has crashed into a minivan near Ghana's main airport, killing all 10 people on board, officials have said, after it overshot the runway and collided with the vehicle on its way to take off on Saturday evening, local media report from Accra.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a Brighton man who was beaten to death in his home by a woman he had "befriended" and who he "travelled to his death with him on a regular basis".Police have said the victim's death was a "motiveless but brutal" attack.
When Coleraine MLA Stephanie Sugden was elected to the Northern Ireland Assembly earlier this month, she was the youngest member of the Stormont Executive and the first woman to be elected as a member of Northern Ireland's House of Assembly (MLAs) at the age of 19.
Bristol Rovers manager Darrell Clarke says he does not fear for his job following the takeover of the club by the Al Qadi family, and that the new owners are "fully behind" him at the National League club, reports BBC Radio Lancashire.
Japanese prosecutors are seeking to charge the parent company of a Japanese advertising agency over the death of a woman who took her own life after being told she worked too many hours of overtime, local media say, citing her friends and local media reports citing the case's lack of charges.
It's been a bad start to the new Premier League season for Chelsea, Huddersfield and Manchester United, but what does that mean for Antonio Conte and the rest of the Premier League's new-look top-flight teams, and what does it mean for your Fantasy Football team?
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer and novelist Farai Sevenzo considers why Ghanaians have such a poor maintenance culture and why some people have to paint their houses to give a befitting send-off to their dead relatives, writes Ghanaian novelist and columnist Rebecca Adebayo.
A cyclist has died after suffering a suspected heart attack while taking part in a charity bike ride to raise money for a terminally ill cancer patient in Wrexham, police have said, saying it was a "tragic accident".Â£10,000 worth of equipment was involved.
The odds-on favourite Permian has been added to the field for this year's Derby at Epsom after winning the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe in May.The winner of that race, Cracksman, will join Khalidi and Khalidi in Saturday's race at Newmarket.
Activity in the UK's manufacturing sector fell to a three-year low in April, according to a closely watched survey, suggesting the sector is losing momentum and is likely to slow further in the second half of the year, a survey has suggested, putting further pressure on the economy.
At least four people have been killed in an attack on a bar in the Malian capital, Bamako, officials say, in what is believed to be the first attack of its kind in the West African country's capital since France intervened in Mali two years ago.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will return to Paris St-Germain "like a legend" after announcing he will leave the club at the end of the season, but has not ruled out a move away from the Champions League final in May."I came like a king, I leave like a legend."
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Steven Gerrard has a "bright future" as a manager after the American revealed he wants to return to the club in a coaching role at some point in the future to become a first-team coach at the age of 36.
Exeter City have signed former Crystal Palace and Coventry City striker Kevin Morrison on a one-year deal, with the option of a further year-long loan deal at St James' Park, reports BBC Radio Solent on Friday night (19:00 BST).
More than 50 million people attended the UK's top 10 most popular sporting events in 2015, according to research by Deloitte, with horseracing topping the list of the year's top five events for the second year in a row for the first time.
A woman left with a gap between her upper and lower teeth after being "butchered" by an NHS dentist has said she feels she has been "robbed of her life savings" by the clinic where she had them fitted, it has been claimed.
Francesco Schettino, the captain of the Costa Concordia, has been jailed for 12 years and 10 months for manslaughter over the shipwreck that sank in the Mediterranean in 2012, killing most of the crew and most of his own passengers, and for abandoning his ship before his crew.
Twenty-five British Olympians won medals at London 2012 - a record number of medals for a British team at a single Games - as Team GB dominated the medal table in the final week of the Games in the capital's Olympic Park.Â£1.2bn was spent by the nation on the medals table.
Olympic taekwondo champion Jade Jones should follow in the footsteps of Ronda Rousey and become a mixed martial arts fighter, according to Welsh UFC fighter Brett Johns, who believes she could be the next big name in the sport in the UK.
A new exhibition of photographs by the photographer and film-maker Chris Strand Collective has been showing at the No Walls Gallery in Brighton and Hove, exploring the issue of what we wear and how it affects our perceptions of others in the world we live in.
Worcestershire batsman Liam Wells has signed a new two-year contract with the club, keeping him at The Oval until the end of the 2018 season.Â£1.5m will be paid to him by the county until 2019, subject to a work permit.
The operator of the Wales and Borders rail franchise has announced plans to increase capacity and add extra trains to Cardiff Central from 22 May.It has said it is the "most significant improvements" to train services in a decade, since the opening of the Ebbw Vale line in 2007.
Chinese tech giant Lenovo has unveiled a smartphone that uses Google's Tango virtual reality technology, and a phone that is designed to be more modular than its rivals' handsets when it goes on sale later this year, both of which are expected to be priced at around $1,200 (Â£1,000).
Hundreds of people have gathered in the Latvian capital, Riga, to mark the 70th anniversary of the defeat of Nazi Germany in World War Two - but they are mostly Russian-speaking, and many are angry that they have been accused of being Nazis.
Parts of north Wales are braced for flooding as more heavy rain is forecast to hit the region over the next few days, with warnings of flooding in some areas of the country.The Met Office has issued a yellow "be prepared" weather warning for heavy rain.
A judge in Brazil has ordered the arrest of the former speaker of the lower house of Congress, Eduardo Cunha, as part of a major corruption investigation into the former president of the country, Dilma Rousseff, who was impeached last month.
Sir Roger Bannister and Paralympic gold medallist Dame Tanni Grey-Thompson are among the stars who feature in a Welsh film about life-changing moments, as part of a national story-telling project for the arts festival in which they are taking part.
The letter from Theresa May to Donald Tusk, the European Council president, outlining the UK government's plans for Brexit negotiations, has been met with a mixture of anger and frustration from the Welsh government and the prime minister's own words about the process and the UK's future in Europe.
British troops are to be sent to Somalia and South Sudan to help maintain order and peace, David Cameron has said, as he announced plans to send more troops to the conflict-hit countries.Â£1bn of British military aid will be sent there, he has said.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club, which will see him remain in charge at Bournemouth for another two-and-a-half years, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport's Steve Evans.
The skipper of a fishing vessel has been fined £20,000 after a crewman was killed when he was hit by a fuel pump while working in a confined space.Â£20,500 fine has been reduced to £12,000.50 after he admitted health and safety breaches.
A north Wales MP has said he will "treat" plans for English votes for English laws with "careful caution" if they are to restore "fairness" in the wake of the devolution settlement in the 1990s, he has told MPs.
A number of pipe bombs, a rocket and explosives have been found in a forest in County Antrim, police have said, in what is believed to be a second dissident republican arms dump in the area in the space of three months, the PSNI has said.
At least 35 people are reported to have been killed and dozens injured in a gas explosion in south-eastern Nigeria, local media reports say, quoting eyewitnesses and local police have confirmed to the BBC's Naija news agency (NNA) and local media.
A chronology of key events:(All times are subject to copyright, unless otherwise stated):(Nestled between 1453 and 2002): A chronology by the BBC News website:(Nostalgic): (Nestalgic: "Turkey's history from beginning to end."
Wales striker Sam Vokes believes his side can beat the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Tuesday and end a run of three successive draws in their World Cup qualifier in Russia next month."We've been unlucky" in their recent results, says the Wales striker.
Former US football star and actor OJ Simpson has gone on trial in Las Vegas for a 2007 robbery in which he was convicted of robbery and sentenced to a minimum of nine years in prison, in a bid to have the case against him thrown out by a federal court.
Hearts have agreed a deal to sign striker Jonny Sammon on a free transfer from Derby County.The Republic of Ireland international is set to join the club on a two-year deal, subject to international clearance and a work permit, BBC Scotland has learned.
Czech cyclist Martin Kreuziger has been cleared to race in this year's Tour de France after being cleared of doping allegations by the Czech Olympic Committee's anti-doping committee.Â£20,000-rated Tinkoff-Saxo rider has been provisionally suspended from the race.
The Stakeknife inquiry into the murders of up to 50 people during Northern Ireland's Troubles is to be held by the British and Irish governments, but the families of some of the victims are not happy about the way the inquiry is being run, as the BBC News NI programme has learned.
An organic farmer has criticised Tesco after it used a picture of him pulling carrots on his farm as a promotional image for one of its online adverts, saying it was "inappropriate" for the supermarket to use the image in its online marketing campaign for its food waste campaign.
When Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg met at a Facebook townhall in California last week, it was billed as a historic moment for India's digital future and the future of the country's internet infrastructure - but it turned out to be a bit of a sideshow.
Former Genk boss Alex McLeish has agreed a deal to become the new coach of Egyptian club Zamalek in a deal worth an initial fee of about £1.5m, reports BBC Radio Cairo on Thursday.Â£1m has been agreed for the Scot to take charge of the club.
Eritrea has described a UN report accusing it of human rights abuses as "unfounded and devoid of all merit" and an attack on the country's "civilised society" by the United Nations, as "an attack on a civilised society and people who cherish human dignity".
A bus driver has been suspended after footage of a street fight between two men was posted on social media, prompting an investigation by police and the bus firm involved to launch its own investigation into what happened next, it has been confirmed to the BBC's Local Live page.
Actress Angharad Rees, best known for her role as Demelza Poldark in the 1970s TV series, has died at the age of 62, after a long battle with pancreatic cancer, her family has said.She was a Welsh-born and bred actress who was born and raised in Cardiff.
The use of large boilers to provide heat for entire districts should be more widely adopted in Scotland, according to a cross-party group of businesses and environmental groups, as part of a bid to tackle climate change and reduce energy bills and greenhouse gas emissions in the country.
People who leave rubbish in wheelie bins outside their homes will face a fine of up to £1,000 if they fail to clear it up by the end of the year, a council has warned.Â£1,500 fines could be imposed if the three-weekly bin collection scheme is scrapped.
The family of a veterinary nurse who died in a car crash have paid tribute to their "proud" daughter, saying she was "on track to be one of the outstanding students in the history" of her university's veterinary nursing programme, BBC Scotland has learned.
Europe's seaside towns and cities are struggling to keep up with the rising tide of tourists, as the number of people flocking to the seaside is set to continue to grow at an ever faster rate than anywhere else in the developed world, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen.
A beach festival has been cancelled due to "severe weather conditions" with warnings of strong winds and heavy rain in parts of Wales on Saturday and Sunday, the Met Office has said in a yellow "be aware" warning for rain and high tides across the country.
The Indian Premier League starts on Monday, 25 April with the opening match between Mumbai Indians and Rising Pune Supergiants at the Kolkata Knight Riders stadium in Bangalore, and runs until the final day of the tournament on Sunday, 29 May at 17:30 BST.
Google has said it has made a significant leap towards its ambitious plan to beam internet connectivity to remote parts of the world using balloons launched from high-altitude “moonshot” balloons, the firm has said in a press conference in Mountain View, California.
Plans to turn a former Ministry of Defence (MoD) base in Shropshire into one of the UK's largest defence supply centres are being considered by the local council, it has been revealed.The council has said it is "very optimistic" about the potential development of the site.
More than £1m worth of drugs have been seized by police in Northern Ireland since a campaign against drug dealing began last year, it has been revealed, with 78 people charged and 78 others reported to have taken part in the operation so far being reported to the PSNI.
A mother killed her two young sons before killing herself, a coroner has said, after an inquest into the deaths of the boys was opened and adjourned for a second time to consider its verdict.The boys' deaths were unlawful, a post-mortem examination has found.
A man's body has been found at a flat in the Thornhill area of Glasgow, prompting a police investigation into the death of a man in his 50s or 60s, BBC Scotland has learned from the BBC Scotland news website.Police are appealing for witnesses to a disturbance in the area on Friday.
A UK exit from the European Union could cut the number of EU migrants coming to the country by up to 100,000 a year, according to a report from a pro-EU think tank.The number of people coming to Britain could be cut by a fifth, it has suggested.
The government has admitted it is in breach of its obligations under European law on air quality, a High Court judge has ruled, but refused to make a declaration or order the government to publish revised plans to tackle air pollution in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
A judge in the US state of Maryland has granted Adnan Syed the right to seek a fresh appeal against his conviction for the murder of a woman whose death was featured in the hit US podcast Serial, according to court documents filed in the case on Monday.
Three pieces of gold jewellery have been found in Scunthorpe, Brigg and Grimsby after a treasure hunt for a piece of art work went on for two days and cost £1,000 each to find, it has been revealed.
A man has been jailed for killing a diver who drowned after being hired to retrieve golf balls from a lake at a south Wales golf club for £20-40 a day, after failing to spot he was struggling to breathe and struggling to swim in the water.
A man has died following a fire at a house in Oxford, the fire service has said.Police have said they are treating the death as "unexplained" and are not treating it as suspicious at this stage in the investigation.Â£20,000 of damage has been caused.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says striker Fernando Llorente is one of the best headers in the Premier League and has likened him to John Terry and Sergio Ramos in terms of heading the ball into the penalty area for his goalscoring exploits."He's a fantastic player," says the club's assistant boss.
The Stormont Executive has been unable to agree a budget for the next financial year, with no deal expected before the end of the month and the Stormont parties still unable to reach an agreement on how to deal with the issue, writes the BBC News NI political correspondent, Jim Allister.
The father of a British-Iranian charity worker who has been detained in Iran for more than a month is to hold a birthday party for his daughter in London on Saturday to highlight the plight of his wife and daughter-in-law, Gabriella Zaghari-Ratcliffe.
Scientists in the United States say they have made the first steps towards creating human-like organs from pig embryos, using a gene-editing technique known as CRISPR-TRANTRANSCRIPTS, the BBC's Panorama programme has learned.
Zimbabwe's President Robert Mugabe has signed a new five-year peace deal with the opposition, paving the way for the release of a long-delayed peace accord with the South African opposition, which will see the country's first democratic elections in more than 20 years.
To Kill a Mockingbird is one of the most famous books of the 20th Century, but the author of the best-selling novel of all time has never been able to explain why she wrote it - or why she didn't write anything else for that matter.
Town centres in Caerphilly county will not have their Christmas lights switched on this year due to budget cuts, the council has said.Â£12m of savings have been made by the local authority to save £1.5m over the next three years.
Marseille president Jean-Louis McCourt has signed a deal to buy the French Ligue 1 club from the owners of Paris St-Germain, ending months of speculation over the future of the Marseille side's future in the country's second-tier.
Sir Chris Hoy has been chosen to carry the flag for Team GB at the opening ceremony of the 2012 Olympic Games in London on Friday, after being voted in by his fellow Olympians in a vote by Team GB's cycling team on Monday night, BBC Sport has learned.
A judge has ordered a Saudi Arabian man to allow his daughter to return to the UK if she so wishes and pay the £1,000 cost of airfare to get there.The father of a woman who claims she has been held against her will for five years has been told he must pay to have her returned.
Mae'r goeden honno yng Nghaerdydd wedi ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid yn dilyn ymgyrch gan bobl yr ardal.
English MPs will have a "double majority" in the House of Commons to vote on laws that affect only England, the government has said, as it set out plans to give them a veto over some laws affecting England only in some cases.Labour has accused the Conservatives of creating a "constitutional shambles".
Ethnic minority children in Hong Kong are being denied access to education and jobs because of language barriers, according to a study by a law professor and civil society group Unison, which was funded by the Chinese government and the UN's Equal Opportunities Commission (Equal Opportunity Commission).
The Stormont Executive's plan to introduce a new rate of corporation tax for businesses in Northern Ireland for the first time in more than a decade has been thrown into doubt by the collapse of the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme and the political crisis in Westminster.
Plans have been unveiled to expand the number of parking spaces on Oxford's Seacourt cycle and bus station.Â£1.5m plans have been submitted to the city council to help it cope with the city's "rapid growth" in the next few years.
A gay rights group in Russia says it is aware of a crackdown on gay men in the republic of Chechnya, where some are being tortured and others are being held in solitary confinement in a detention centre, the BBC has been told by a senior activist.
Lewis Hamilton says there is an "urgent" sense of urgency in his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg's title challenge as they prepare for the Russian Grand Prix in Sochi on Sunday, despite a difficult start to the season for the Briton's Mercedes team.
Russia has enacted a new law that requires bloggers to register with the authorities, in a move that critics say is a crackdown on free speech and could lead to the closure of popular social media sites like Facebook, Twitter, LiveJournal and other popular sites.Â© AFP, AFP, EPA
Spanish police say they have broken up a ring that allegedly used Chinese nationals to hire them as domestic workers without carrying out the work they were meant to do, in return for residency permits to work in the textile industry in Barcelona.Â£6m worth of fake jobs have been seized in the country.
Germany's Interior Minister, Thomas de Maiziere, has called for an investigation into the deaths of 12 people who were stabbed to death on a Berlin-Frankfurt train on Sunday. Read the full list of those killed and injured in the attack, as well as the names of the victims.
Former Nottingham Forest boss Graham Davies says he would be "delighted" to return to the Championship club as a player-coach if they were to be promoted to the Premier League next season."I would love to finish the job" at the club, he says.
Mo Farah failed to add to his medal haul at the World Championships as he was beaten in the 5,000m final in his final race before retiring from athletics at the end of the event at the age of 34."It didn't quite hit home" until he crossed the line, said the four-time Olympic champion.
David and Samantha Cameron have spoken for the first time since the death of their son, saying it prepared her for becoming Prime Minister."I just like anyone else, you have no choice," she has said, describing his death as "surreal and difficult to deal with."
Police have issued a warning after two conmen conned elderly women out of more than £20,000 in two separate phone scams in Stranraer and Sandyhills in the Scottish Borders in the space of a week, it has emerged in the past week.
The Catholic priest Father Alec Reid, who was pictured praying over the bodies of two British soldiers who were murdered by the IRA in Belfast in 1988, has died of natural causes, the Irish government has said in a statement on the death of the former SDLP leader.
Bayern Munich boss Pep Guardiola said his side's Champions League semi-final win over Porto was like "winning the Copa del Rey with Barcelona" after his side reached the last eight for the first time in the competition's history, but admitted they "can still play better".
Farmers in Wales are being urged to join forces with processors to try to secure the future of the dairy industry in the wake of a fall in milk prices and a sharp decline in the number of dairy farms in the country over the last 15 years, BBC Wales has learned.
A woman has died and two children have been seriously injured in a crash on the M4 in Berkshire.Police have named them as a mother and daughter who were killed when their car collided with a lorry on the carriageway of the motorway.
Fifa has adopted new rules to tackle racism in football, including a five-match ban for the first time for the most serious cases of racist chanting in a match, in a vote attended by Sepp Blatter at its annual congress in Mauritius on Thursday.
Hartlepool United have appointed Craig Hignett as their new manager on a two-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months in the job if he is successful in his first full season in charge of the League Two club.
The death of a man in a house fire in East Sussex is being treated as "unexplained", police have said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) following a post-mortem examination on the scene of the blaze on Thursday.
A vicar has been arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children, the Church of England has said, following an investigation into allegations of historical child abuse in the Leeds area of the Church in the West Yorkshire area in the 1970s and 1980s.Â£20,000 has been seized by police.
Welsh referee Nigel Owens says he will continue to officiate until the end of the 2019 Rugby World Cup, even if his body and mind cannot cope with the rigours of the job any more at the age of 44."When the time is right, I will be calling it a day," says the veteran.
Three Israelis have been charged over the beating of a Palestinian man in October, Israeli officials say, in the first case of its kind in the country since the start of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict in June 2014, when a Palestinian Arab man was killed in a similar incident.
Brazil captain Kaka has been called up to the squad for this summer's Copa America in the Dominican Republic after recovering from a hamstring injury.Brazil have named an unchanged 23-man squad for the tournament in Rio de Janeiro, which starts on 5 June and runs until 10 July.
Arsenal Ladies reached the Women's FA Cup final for the third time in four years with a comfortable win over Birmingham City Ladies at Emirates Stadium.Â£1.5m winners Arsenal Ladies will face Notts County Ladies in the final next month.Â© BBC Sport.
Mae Llywodraeth y DU wedi dweud bod 'na alw am fwy o raglenni lleol ar wahân i'r rheiny sy'n cael eu cynnig gan y BBC a darlledwyr masnachol yng Nghaerdydd.
The Scottish Police Service (SPA) is expected to announce next week that it is considering closing its control room at the Police Scotland headquarters in Inverness and moving its operations to Aberdeen city centre by the end of the year, BBC Scotland has learned from BBC Scotland Scotland.
A man has appeared in court accused of attacking a doctor with a razor blade at a hospital in North Lanarkshire, leaving him with permanent disfigurement and permanent eye damage to his face and hands and feet.He has pleaded not guilty to a further charge of attempting to escape from custody.
Two Labour AMs are attempting to get the Welsh Government to ban agency fees for letting properties in Wales, which they say are a "big problem" in university cities and a "tax on some of the poorest people in society" who are engaged in the sector.
Plastic surgeons in the UK are being urged to use a two-week cooling-off period before carrying out certain procedures to reduce the risk of serious complications and unnecessary surgery in the cosmetic sector.The UK's medical watchdog has issued new guidelines on the risks of cosmetic surgery.
Colin Kazim-Richards' second-half strike sent Blackburn into the FA Cup quarter-finals as Arsenal were knocked out of the competition for the first time in eight years with a 1-0 defeat by the League One side at Ewood Park.
Howler monkeys face a trade-off between having bigger voices and bigger testes in order to attract mates, according to research into how they make their raucous howling calls, it has been found - and it may be more common than previously thought.
Christina Rees has been appointed as the new shadow Welsh secretary by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, the party has announced after a reshuffle of his frontbench team, with Owen Smith and Owen Smith taking on the role as shadow home secretary and shadow foreign secretary respectively.
A Romanian man has been sentenced to four years in prison for hacking into Hillary Clinton's private email account, the US Department of Justice has said in a filing to the US Supreme Court in New York on Wednesday night, citing a federal judge's decision to grant him a reduced sentence.
Cardiff Central station is to be transformed into a "truck station" in a bid to cut down on long delays for rail passengers attending big sporting events in the city ahead of the Champions League final, it has been announced by the rail firm behind the scheme.
The chair of the independent inquiry into historical child abuse in Scotland's children's homes has asked survivors to give evidence by the end of the year, as part of its inquiry into the abuse of children in care in the 1970s, 1980s and 1990s.
A shopkeeper in India who was filmed defending a man who was being attacked in a Mumbai shop has told the BBC that he fears for his life after the video went viral on social media and was posted on the internet in a bid to track down the attacker.
All children in Wales should be able to speak Welsh by the age of seven, the Welsh language commissioner has said, as part of a drive to improve the quality of education in the country's schools.Â£1m is to be set aside for Welsh-medium schools.
A nurse who left a man paralysed after a brain haemorrhage in a hospital ward has been banned from the profession for 12 months after being found guilty of 10 charges of mistreating him, a tribunal has heard, but two others have been given caution orders.
More than 100,000 pieces of rubbish have been collected by Surrey residents in the past year, the county council has said, including a 4ft (1.2m) snowman and a 4x4 car.Â£1,000 worth of toilet paper, toilet paper and a 3D printer.
On Friday morning, US President Donald Trump took to Twitter to predict the outcome of the French presidential election, after a shooting on the Champs-Elysees in Paris left 12 people dead and many more injured - including three police officers - in the aftermath of the attack.
A US soldier who went on a rampage in Afghanistan, killing 16 people and injuring many more, may have been suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) at the time of the attack, according to a lawyer for one of the victims' families.
BBC Radio 1 DJ Chris James has been awarded an honorary degree by the University of East Anglia (UEA) in recognition of his contribution to radio and drama.Â£20,000 worth of student honours has been given to him by the university.Â€¦
A beach clean-up group has been awarded a £250,000 grant from the Manx government to help it expand its work and improve the cleanliness of the island's beaches and beauty spots, it has been announced in a press release on its website.
Great Britain's James Ward produced the performance of his life to stun American John Isner in the opening singles match of the Davis Cup quarter-final and set up a 2-0 lead over the United States in the best-of-five tie."Brutal" is how the Briton described his victory over the world number four.
A huge underwater forest thought to be more than 10,000 years old has been discovered off the coast of East Sussex in the south-east of England, by two divers who scoured the area for snorkelling equipment and scuba divers in the sea floor.
A man who tried to smuggle heroin and cannabis worth more than £3,800 into prison by chewing it out of his mouth has been jailed for three years and eight months.Â£1,000 has been ordered to be returned to his family by a sheriff after he pleaded guilty.
A controlled explosion has been carried out at Cardiff University after chemicals "had become unstable" in a storage unit.Lectures were moved away from an area of the building after a bomb disposal team was called in.Police have said there was no risk to the public and the incident was not suspicious.
Macau's gambling revenue hit a record high in 2010, according to the territory's gaming regulator, setting a new record for the year to the end of December 2010, as the gambling industry grew at its fastest pace in a decade, it has said in its first official report.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei has returned to the Greek island of Lesbos to create a series of new works of art, inspired by his time on the island last year, which he described as "the most difficult experience of my life" in his first solo exhibition in Greece.
The author of the Chilcot report into the Iraq War is to appear before MPs for the first time since the publication of his long-awaited report last month.Â£1.5m of declassified documents will be made public, the BBC has learned.
Mae'r ymddangos yn cael ei saethu gyda Taser yng Ngorsaf heddlu'r Coed Duon yn y gorffennol yng Nghaerffili, yn ôl aros am ragor o gefnogaeth cyn mynd i mewn i fyny'r grisiau.
The pound has fallen to its lowest level against the dollar in almost 30 years after the UK voted to leave the European Union in the EU referendum on 23 June - but what does history tell us about the value of the pound and what could be in store for the UK economy?
Civil servants who try to whistle-blow in the public sector are being "appalled" by the "appalling treatment" of whistleblowers, a committee of MPs has said in a report on behalf of a cross-party group of MPs and peers on the Commons public accounts committee.
The Sydney Opera House has switched off its lights for Earth Hour of Light, a global campaign to promote clean energy, as part of the annual Earth Hour event in the capital, Sydney, and other major cities around the world on Saturday.Â£1.5bn worth of green light has been shone into the night sky in Australia.
Thousands of mourners have attended the funeral of Otto Warmbier, the US student who died last week after being held in a coma in North Korea for more than a year and sentenced to 15 years of hard labour for "crimes against the state", US officials say.
Mark Maguire says he is "embarrassed" after failing to show up for his first-round match at the World Championship for the first time in his career, and admitted he "didn't care" at all about the match itself in the first round.
Angela Merkel's ruling Christian Democrats (CDU) have suffered a "debacle" in a state election seen as a test of the German chancellor's handling of the migrant crisis, media reports say, with polls suggesting her approval ratings are at a five-year low.
The number of people dying from tobacco-related diseases has risen by more than 50% in the past 25 years, according to a global study of smoking habits and death rates in more than 200 countries and territories, including the US and Canada, says the Lancet.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says the sport is "not putting on a very good show" and has "lost some of its appeal" because of the new qualifying format and the lack of noise and drama in the sport's modern-day format.
Tata Steel has been fined more than £930,000 for breaching health and safety rules after it released a chemical which could have caused serious injury or death to five workers at a plant in Skegness, East Yorkshire, a court has heard, including two who were taken to hospital.
Northern Ireland's political leaders are due to meet the prime minister in London later to discuss a possible deal between the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Conservative Party (Tory) in the hope of restoring power-sharing at Stormont after the general election.
Afghan Taliban leader Mullah Akhtar Mansour and his bodyguards have been shot dead in a gunfight in the southern Pakistani city of Quetta, the BBC has learned from a senior Taliban source close to the group's leadership.The Taliban have denied reports that Mullah Mansour was killed in the attack.
Two teenagers have been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in his Gloucester flat in a revenge attack after his drug dealer friends stole his drugs and broke into his home to steal them back, a court has been told in a murder trial.
A man who was stabbed to death and his ex-partner seriously injured in a house fire was the victim of a murder-suicide, a post-mortem examination has found, an inquest has heard in Leicestershire has been told by police.
A man has been arrested after a man was stabbed in the chest in Glasgow city centre in the early hours of the morning, police have said.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the victim's handbag and a number of other items.
Restrictions on travelling fans at Chester v North Wales football matches have been lifted after no-one was arrested during the derby match between the sides on Saturday, North Wales Police has said, despite the fixture being played in a "bubble" for the second year running.
Championship side Ipswich Town have signed defender Tomasz Klich on a two-year deal after he rejected a new contract with Premier League side Burnley, reports BBC Radio Norfolk.Â£1.5m has been paid in undisclosed terms for the Poland international.
A large quantity of paint has been thrown at the front door of a public hall in Londonderry in what police have described as an aggravated arson attack on the building.Police are treating the attack as a hate crime and are treating it as attempted murder in relation to a previous incident.
The UK is to make a formal protest to Ecuador over the cost of policing its embassy in London for the past three years in a row over the fate of Julian Assange, the Foreign Office has said in a letter to the Ecuadorean government.Â£12m is to be spent by the UK on policing the site, it has emerged.
Talks aimed at ending the crisis in Syria are gathering pace, with a new round of meetings between the warring parties and the international community, and with Russia and Iran keen to be part of the process, reports from the BBC's Mark Lowen in Beirut suggest.
Barnsley have signed midfielder Kayden Jackson from National League side Wrexham on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a further year at the end of the current campaign if he is released by the club.
The International Paralympic Committee (IPC) says it is investigating reports that an Algerian goalball team has failed to turn up in Rio for two matches at the Rio Paralympics, which were due to be played on Saturday.The IPC says it may remove the team from the competition.
Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott has defended his country's policy of deporting migrants who try to reach its shores by boat, after criticism from the New York Times and other prominent US news outlets, saying it is "inhumane" and "unconscionable" for Europe to follow suit.
Plans for a new tennis court for the Queen and Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have been submitted to a council for planning permission, it has been revealed in a bid to improve the view from their Sandringham estate house on the Norfolk-Wimbledon tennis course.
Local authorities in England are struggling to find suitable housing and school places for Syrian refugees, the National Audit Office (NAO) has said in a new report on the government's resettlement programme.The government's target of resettling 20,000 refugees could be missed if pledges of help from local authorities are not matched by firm offers, it says.
A man in his 40s has been assaulted in west Belfast after he was chased from a house in the city centre by a group of men, police have said in a report.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to his car by the attack.
The UK is to build and launch the Solar Orbiter (SolO), Europe's most ambitious space mission to date, which aims to study the Sun's "space weather" from the edge of its orbit around Mercury and other planets in the inner Solar System.
We are entering the most fraught period of political uncertainty for our country in a very long time, and the first big move in that direction has come from Scotland's most powerful politician in a long time - and it's a big one at that, writes the BBC Scotland's political correspondent Alex Russell.
Northern Ireland's economy grew in the second quarter of the year, according to official figures released on Wednesday.The economy grew by 0.3% compared to the same period in 2013, the fastest growth since the first three months of 2014, official figures have shown.
It is one of Scotland's oldest sporting rivalries and one of the most fiercely competitive in the world but it is also one of its most ancient.Â£1.5m in prize money for the winner of this year's Boat Race of the North.
Nationwide's share of the UK mortgage market has fallen to its lowest level since 2009, the building society has said, as it reported a sharp fall in buy-to-let lending in the first three months of the year, helped by a "softening" of the market.
The Russian investigation into the downing of a Russian jet by Turkish forces in Syria last month has opened its first flight data recorder, the country's defence ministry has said, but it is not yet clear what happened to the flight recorder's flight recorders and flight data.
Kent have signed batsman Sean Dickson from South African side Northerns for their T20 Blast campaign, subject to a visa and a work permit, on a professional contract.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player.Â© Kent.com
A six-year-old boy is in hospital after his foot was burned when he tripped on a barbecue left on a beach, his mother has said, leaving him with a blister on his foot and a broken bone in his foot in the middle of his foot.
A senior Labour MP is to warn that the EU referendum could be the second-longest "suicide note" in the party's history, in a speech to its annual conference in Liverpool on Thursday.The last thing Jeremy Corbyn needs to do is to "undermine" the traditional party vote, he is expected to say.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a woman was stabbed in Lancashire, leaving her with life-threatening injuries, police have said, in what is believed to be a "domestic-related" attack on her third day of her life.
Sepp Blatter's five-year reign as Fifa president came to an abrupt end on Wednesday when he was found guilty of match-fixing and fined $150m (£105m) by the sport's world governing body, but the Swiss has never shied away from making controversial statements.
A sculpture of a lighthouse has been unveiled at Walt Disney World in Florida to commemorate the death of a toddler who was killed by an alligator last year, the company has confirmed to the BBC.Â£1.5m (US$1.6m; $2.2m) has been raised for the boy's foundation.
Michael Gove has said he would have resigned as a minister if he had been in Theresa May's shoes had he been in the same position as the prime minister when she was elected leader of the Conservative Party in June 2015, rather than run for the job himself.
Scotland's top law officer has said it would be "in the interests of Scotland, of the United Kingdom, or of Europe" for the UK to turn its back on co-operation with EU law enforcement agencies following the referendum result in June's EU referendum.
A court in India has asked Bollywood star Salman Khan to appear in court in connection with a 2002 hit-and-run crash that killed a man who was sleeping rough on a pavement in Mumbai.The actor has pleaded not guilty to the charge of culpable homicide, a court has said.
Hundreds of people living in a garden city housing development in Oxfordshire are still waiting to be connected to superfast broadband because of a lack of cables, it has been claimed, with some saying they wish they had not moved in to the area at the start of the year.
An Australian man who helped seven Syrian men travel to Syria to join the Islamic State group has been sentenced to six years in prison for terrorism-related offences."I am really, really sorry for what I have done," he told a court as he pleaded guilty to the charges.
GPs in England should be allowed to see patients for longer face-to-face consultations, the British Medical Association (BMA) has said, as it called for a shake-up of the way patients are seen by GPs in the NHS in England.
Craft distilleries in Scotland and England are experiencing an "explosive" rise in popularity, according to a new report on the sector.Â£1.5bn is being spent on new craft spirits in the UK every year, it has been claimed.
Wales could lose £50m a year if a block grant from the UK Treasury is cut, a think tank has claimed, because of the impact of stamp duty on the Welsh Government's budget and the property market in London and south-east England following the Brexit vote.
South Korea's president has announced that the Sewol ferry which sank in April killing most of its passengers will be raised "at the earliest possible date" in order to recover the remains of all those on board, amid protests from relatives of some of those who died.
A man who was shot dead by police after trying to kill himself with a home-made gun was tied up by his children, an inquest has heard, his widow has told the inquest into his death.The children managed to make 999 calls and alert their mother.
England's Tyrrell Hatton Hatton and Matthew Fitzpatrick moved into a share of the lead after the third round of the Arnold Palmer Invitational in South Carolina on Thursday.Rory McIlroy and Matt Kuchar are both three shots off the pace at the halfway stage.
Plans to expand London Luton Airport to accommodate up to 30 million passengers a year have been put forward, the BBC has been told by the airport's owner and the Planning Inspectorate for Hertfordshire's planning authority (Planning Inspectorate) - a 10 million increase.
Parks in the UK are at a "tipping point" after councils cut their budgets by more than £1bn since 2010, a report by a group of MPs has warned, putting them at risk of neglecting them further and turning the clock back to the 1980s.
India's Prime Minister Narendra Modi's "social media year" has been hailed as one of the most successful elections in the country's history, but what is the impact of his use of social media and how does it compare to his predecessor Manmohan Singh's?
A library book borrowed from a Herefordshire school more than 130 years ago is to be returned after being found in a collection of thousands of other books by its owner's granddaughter, who discovered it in a box of her husband's old school books.Â£7,000 worth of library books have been returned to the school.
Hull City midfielder George Clucas has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club.Â£1.5m signing will remain with the club until 2020.Â© BBC Radio Humberside/Hull.com Â© 2019
An Italian woman has died after suffering a miscarriage that left her with two foetuses that were stillborn, a lawyer for her family has said, amid claims that a gynaecologist refused to abort them in an attempt to save the mother's life.
Singer-songwriters Duran Duran have filed a lawsuit against a fan club company in the US, claiming they are being defrauded by the owners of the fan club they formed in the UK in the 1970s and '80s, the band's lawyers say.
Nick Kyrgios said he was "a bit bored" during his straight-set win over Sam Querrey at the Shanghai Masters, which he described as "tough" and "boring" on his return to the tournament after a 12-month absence.
A man who raped a woman who had been sexually abused for 10 years has been jailed for 12-and-a-half years for her "horrific" rape.Police have said it was "one of the most harrowing cases" they have dealt with during their careers.
Work has begun on a major upgrade to Scotland's largest container terminal, which will increase its capacity by more than 50% over the next five years, it has been announced.Â£1.5m is to be spent on improving the port's infrastructure.
Gardeners in Dumfries and Galloway are being warned to be on the lookout for a "thug" that is threatening to take over the bluebells in their gardens.The mild weather and milder winters have led to an invasion of a Mediterranean plant called alium.
Arsenal owner Stan Kroenke has ordered his outdoor sports TV channel, MOTV, to remove content that "glorifies bloodsports", the company behind the channel has said, after a backlash from animal rights activists and the media and the public over its links to the club.
A man has been jailed for sexually assaulting a 12-year-old girl after police found messages between him and her on her mobile phone showing they were "in love" and "kissing and cuddling", a court has been told in a case of "inappropriate conversation".
A 41-year-old man has been arrested by police investigating the rape of a woman in the Republic of Ireland last month has been released on bail pending a report to the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) for a further police investigation, it has been announced.
The daughter of a man who died after getting into difficulty trying to rescue his dog off the Kent coast has paid tribute to her "best friend" who was a "great guy" with a "big heart and a big heart" who will be "sadly missed".
A man who was jailed for life for a knife attack on a Greek tourist in Cornwall has had his sentence quashed at the Court of Appeal after a judge ruled it was "not justified" and should be quashed.Â£20,000 in damages has been paid to the victim's family.
Aberdeen assistant manager Jim Watson has returned to the Scotland set-up as a scout for the World Cup qualifiers in Russia in 2018 after the departure of Steve McCoist last month to take charge of Bradford City's Under-21s."I was humbled" to be asked to join the national team, says the former Scotland defender.
A police team will be sent to Northern Ireland to co-ordinate the resettlement of dozens of Syrian refugees, including children, as part of a UK-wide scheme to resettle people from war-torn Syria and other parts of the Middle East, the BBC has learned.
A driving instructor has been jailed for causing the death of a 78-year-old woman in a head-on crash while on a speed awareness course in Lancashire, a court has heard, after she said she had no memory of the manoeuvre which led to her death.
Belgium's Serge Pauwels won the third stage of the Tour de Yorkshire to claim his second stage victory of the race.The three-time Tour de France winner finished in the overall lead for the second time in three years at the end of Sunday's final stage.
Transgender and bisexual young people are the least likely to feel safe reporting hate crimes, according to a new survey of young people in Scotland by a charity for young people's rights and safety.Â£1.5m has been spent on hate crime education in schools since the introduction of new legislation.
A 25-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving after a cyclist was hit and killed by a suspected stolen car in the early hours of the morning.Â£10,000 has been recovered from the scene of the crash.
Brazilian football star Neymar has appeared in court in Spain accused of defrauding his former club, Santos, of millions of euros in a deal to sign him for Barcelona in 2013, in which his parents and ex-club received millions of dollars in compensation.
Postal ballot papers for the general election have been sent to more than 5,000 voters in Hull without the names of the two main parties' candidates, the council has said, after a printing error left them without a full list of party candidates for the election.
Wales coach Warren Gatland has paid tribute to Shane Williams' "fitting" send-off in his final game for the national team."He deserves every acknowledgement" for his contribution to the game, says the Lions boss after his side's World Cup final defeat.
He's one of the most famous footballers in the world of sport, but few people would have heard of him if they had seen him on a TV chat show in the 1980s and 90s.He's best known for his Euro 96 wonder goal, his time at Tottenham and his time with England.
An oil and gas company has accused the National Trust of blocking its plans to look for shale gas in the Sherwood Forest, saying it has been "political" in its opposition to its plans for a study there for the first time in more than 100 years.
Seven men have been arrested after drugs with an estimated street value of £1m were seized in a series of police raids across the north west of England and the Midlands, it has been revealed by police.Â£1m worth of drugs have been seized in raids.
Manchester City have completed the signing of England right-back Kyle Walker from Tottenham Hotspur for a fee that could rise to £50m, subject to a work permit and add-ons, reports BBC Radio Manchester's Match of the Day presenter Gary Lineker.
A racoon has been rescued from the roof of a house after jumping up and down the chimney in a "cat and mouse" game with its owner's husband."I don't think I'll ever experience anything like that again, but it's why I do this job."
A cat has been stolen from a pet shop during a break-in at a business centre in Dumfries and Galloway on Tuesday night, police have said in a new release of CCTV footage released to the BBC Scotland news website on Thursday morning (9 February).
A Canadian court has sentenced a former Rwandan official to 20 years in prison for inciting genocide during the country's 1994-95 war of independence from the Hutu-led military government to death by telling party members to kill and dump the bodies of Tutsis in the River Rwanda.
More than 100,000 international students could be put off studying at UK universities if the UK votes to leave the European Union, suggests a survey of would-be students from outside the EU and non-EU students.Leaving the EU would make the UK less attractive to international students, a report suggests.
An Australian father who allowed his daughter to marry a man he had sex with has been jailed for five years and nine months.The judge has told him he has "failed" his daughter and told him to expect a long jail sentence.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) in damages.
Serial, the award-winning podcast about the murder of a young black woman, is to be turned into a TV series, it has been announced, with the help of the co-creators of the Lego Movie franchise and the makers of Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
The Scottish council tax has "many deficiencies" and reform will be a "major undertaking", according to a cross-party commission set up to examine how it should be reformed in the future, it has been warned by a leading tax expert in the UK and around the world.
Hundreds of hens that have been used in the supermarket egg industry are being put up for rehoming by a charity which says they are "tame" and "will soon become much-loved pets" after being taken off the streets of Wrexham.
Salford Red Devils have signed Hull FC prop Curtis Naughton on a one-year deal from the end of the Super League season, with the option of a further 12 months in the club's existing deal, with an option for a further year.
Human remains found dumped in a lay-by are thought to be those of a man under the age of 50, police have said, but it is not yet known if he was murdered or whether he was a victim of arson or murder-suicide, a post-mortem examination revealed.
Former Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal says he does not plan to return to football management after a sabbatical from the game, according to reports in his native Netherlands, where he played for clubs including Ajax, AZ Alkmaar and Sparta Rotterdam.
People who carry a faulty gene may be more likely to have a stroke than those who do not, scientists say, raising the prospect of developing a test to predict the most at risk of the condition, say researchers in the UK and the US in the journal Stroke.
Two men have appeared in court in Sydney, Australia, charged in connection with the killing of a police officer in a terror attack in the city's Parramatta area earlier this month, police have said, one of them a teenager and the other a 22-year-old man.
Google has announced that it is shutting down its research and development team for its Glass project, which has been under way for the past two years, and that it will stop taking orders for the product next week, but it will continue to support companies that are using it.
A bomb has been found during a security alert in County Londonderry after a device was found in the garden of a house in the city.Police have said it is believed to have been an improvised explosive device (IED) made by a dissident republican group.
The African Union (AU) has adopted a resolution calling for all African countries to pull out of the International Criminal Court (ICC), in a move seen as a blow to those who want to see the court abolished in the continent's capital, Addis Ababa.
Saudi Arabia's King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud has carried out a major security shake-up, according to a series of royal decrees, state media report, as he continues to consolidate his position as the world's largest oil-rich country's most powerful leader.
One of Scotland's largest agri-food suppliers has reported a rise in profits, despite a "challenging" year for the farming industry in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union and the Brexit vote to exit the European Central Bank.
US President Donald Trump has said special counsel Robert Mueller should step aside from his inquiry into alleged Russian interference in the US election because he is "very, very good friends" with the man leading the probe, the former FBI director he fired last month, according to US media.
The High Court ruling that a father can avoid paying a fine for taking his daughter on a seven-day term-time trip to Disney World "causes a huge amount of confusion" for parents, a senior MP has said, as he called for a "period of reflection".
Burundi opposition leader Pierre Rwasa's wife has been shot in the head at a hair salon in the capital Bujumbura, his spokesman has said, as tensions continue to rise ahead of forthcoming elections in the country's capital, Addis Ababa.
The UK's biggest mobile networks are due to hold a meeting with the government to try to speed up the roll-out of 4G mobile phone services in the UK, which has been delayed by more than a year due to legal wrangling over the use of radio spectrum.
Two men have been convicted of encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) group and encouraging others to travel to Syria to fight with the group in support of the terror group in Iraq and the Middle East, the Old Bailey has heard in a retrial.
Plans to expand the English football pyramid could see Premier League B teams join the Football League for the first time in 20 years, BBC Sport has learned from the latest draft of the proposed changes to English football's top flight and promotion/relegation system.
Restaurant owners in Scotland have accused the UK government of "total insanity" for restricting the number of Indian chefs it allows to work in the country's curry houses and taking-away restaurants because of visa rules restricting their ability to recruit highly-skilled foreign chefs.
Captain Chris Robshaw says England's first-half display against France in Paris was "shocking" as they were outclassed in their final World Cup warm-up match before World Cup selection is made public for the first time since 2003."We let ourselves down in the first half," said the former captain.
A batch of gin sold in Canada has been recalled after inspectors found it contained 77% alcohol by volume instead of the advertised 40%, Canadian officials said on Wednesday night, the highest concentration ever found in a single batch of the popular spirit sold in the country at the time.
Boxer Mike Towell has died after suffering severe head injuries during a fight, his partner has said.The British Boxing Board of Control has launched an investigation into the circumstances surrounding his death, following reports he had been suffering from headaches before the bout, it has emerged.
German carmaker Daimler has said it will fix software flaws in its vehicles as part of an investigation into possible manipulation of diesel emissions data by its employees, but denied it is a criminal investigation.Â£1.2bn ($1.3bn) in fines for the emissions scandal.
Scientists say they have discovered a new type of cement that is much more effective at preventing radioactive waste from getting into the Earth's underground nuclear waste storage facility that will be used to store the waste from the UK's nuclear power industry's decommissioning programme, known as Nirex.
Match reports from Saturday's County Antrim Senior Cup quarter-finals, with Pembroke beating Coleraine by nine wickets, while Muckamore and CIYMS both beat Instonians to book their places in the semi-finals of the Lagan Valley Cup.
An amateur footballer who allegedly threatened to cut the throat of a Clacton fan with a corkscrew has admitted possessing an offensive weapon in a public place, but denied making threats to kill the man's head coach during a football match, a court has heard.
A group of leading writers have said they will boycott a PEN event in protest at the organisation's decision to award a bravery award to the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo in the wake of the Paris terror attack, saying it is "self-righteous" to do so.
The NHS in England will spend £1bn on agency staff by the end of the financial year despite a cap on the use of agency staff, the health regulator has said, but it still leaves it short of where it needs to be in order to balance its books.
A union has said it is "deeply concerned" about plans to close a window manufacturer's factory in County Antrim, with the loss of up to 100 jobs and the possible closure of another factory in Ballymena, County Londonderry.
Poundland, the UK's biggest discount retailer, has only bought three times in the past three years - twice from discount chain Poundworld and once from Poundstretcher - and all three times were in the name of saving money, according to the company's chief executive Kevin McCarthy.
Two children and a man have been taken to hospital after a car crashed through a concrete barrier and landed on its roof on an island above a busy road in the West Midlands, it has been revealed, leaving them with "life-threatening" injuries, the BBC understands.
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man at a flat in west Belfast, Police Service of Northern Ireland (PSNI) has said in a statement to the procurator fiscal (PSFC) on Wednesday.Â£20,000 bail has been granted for her to appear in court.
In a remote corner of Burkina Faso, a 20-year-old woman is injecting herself with a new method of contraception that is being developed by the Gates Foundation and the Children's Investment Fund Foundation to help millions of women in sub-Saharan Africa become more secure in their own homes.
The police ombudsman's office is to resume investigations into more than 150 historical complaints against the PSNI, it has been announced in a follow-up report to the Criminal Justice Inspection (CJI) report into its work.Â£12m is to be spent investigating more than 100 cases.
Australian police have launched an investigation into alleged match-fixing in the National Rugby League (NRL), reports say.The sport's governing body says it will take "any action necessary" to "protect the integrity of the game" in the country's top-flight.
High winds and heavy rain caused travel disruption across Wales on Friday, with trains and ferries cancelled and roads closed due to flooding and power cuts caused by gale force winds in parts of the north of the country and on the Irish Sea.The Met Office has issued a yellow 'be aware' weather warning for wind.
A Chinese army tank has crashed into a river during a training exercise, killing two soldiers and injuring four others, the army has said, in an apparent mechanical failure in one of the vehicle's main tracks, state media reported on Saturday.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $1.8m) has been recovered from the wreckage.
Garcia, the former US attorney general who led the Fifa's investigation into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, has resigned from the organisation he had led for more than a decade, citing "irreconcilable differences" with the organisation's leadership.
Connacht's hopes of a top-four finish in the Pro12 suffered a setback as they were beaten by the Ospreys in their final game of the season at Parc y Scarlets' Parc Eirias in Galway on Saturday night to end the campaign on a disappointing note.
Teenage British racing driver Billy Gwynne has been back behind the wheel for the first time since he was seriously injured in a motorbike crash last year, in which he lost both of his legs in a crash in the West Midlands, in the UK.
A DIY shop in Sunderland that became a music and community hub has closed its doors for the final time after the city council sold the building for student flats, leaving the shop's owners feeling "terrifying" about its closure."I didn't know we were doing this," said one of its founders.
Luton Town have released five players following their League Two play-off defeat by Blackpool, but keepers Liam King and Luke Potts are set to sign new deals.Â£1m-rated deals have been offered to the Hatters' youth players.
Leicester City have agreed to sign France Under-21 striker Karim Benzia on a season-long loan from Ligue 1 rivals Lyon.The Algerian Football Federation says it will register the striker as an Algerian player on 1 July, subject to the approval of Fifa.
England netball captain Sophie Housby says the decision to award central contracts to the national team is a "step in the right direction" as the Roses aim to become the best in the world by the 2019 World Cup in Japan."I find it almost unbelievable that it has not been paid before now," says the Manchester-born player.
Voters in South Wales went to the polls on 5 May 2016 to choose a new police and crime commissioner for the South Wales Police force area, with the current incumbent Peter Vaughan holding on to his post by 42.5% of the votes cast in the first round.
A drug that mimics folic acid's ability to latch on to cancer cells has shown promise as a potential new treatment for ovarian cancer, a study has suggested in the journal Oncology suggests, in what is thought to be a "breakthrough" result.
Police investigating the disappearance of missing Joanna Yeates have released CCTV footage of the last known sighting of the missing woman on the night she disappeared, in the hope it could hold clues to her identity and where she was last seen on Christmas Eve.Â£10,000 worth of takeaway pizza has been found.
When The K Foundation announced in 1994 that they were quitting the music business, they were greeted with a torrent of fanfare and an avalanche of publicity - including the release of their first album and the burning of all their back catalogue and £1m worth of cash.
Formula 1 test driver Maria de Villota is in a critical condition in hospital after losing her right eye in a crash at a test track, her team has confirmed to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire and the BBC's Chris Evans programme that she is a "fantastic person".
Firefighters have tackled a large blaze at a derelict building in Glasgow's waterfront area, which is believed to have been caused by a faulty roof light or a faulty electrical panel, the fire service has confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website (UK-TV).
US President-elect Donald Trump has nominated South Carolina Governor Nikki Haley to be the next US ambassador to the United Nations, the White House has said in a press conference in New York City on Wednesday.She is the governor of South Carolina and a member of the Republican Party's leadership.
Taiwan has banned its civil servants from travelling to China to pursue higher education, citing national security concerns, state media say, citing 97 such trips in the past five years, mainly to pursue doctorates there, state-run media say.Â£1bn ($1.3bn; $1.4bn) in student loans.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says the prospect of leading the club to the top of English football is "frightening" and "exciting" as he prepares for his first full season in charge of the club in the top flight of the English Football League.
More than 100 Scots soldiers from Penicuik are to be deployed to Afghanistan as part of the UK's military mission in the country for the first time since the end of the conflict in Helmand last year.Â£1m worth of equipment and equipment is to be sent to the country, it has been announced.
When pop star Laura Pergolizzi was offered the chance to break into the music industry, she thought it would be a dream come true - to become a solo artist and have her own record deal with record label Island Records and record label Universal Music Group.
Willian scored twice as Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City and move up to second in the Premier League table with a thrilling victory at Etihad Stadium.Manchester City striker Sergio Aguero was sent off in injury time for a late tackle on David Luiz.
Former British middleweight champion Nick Blackwell's trainer Barry Wilkins has been banned from boxing for two years after sparring with a sparring partner who later suffered a serious head injury in a fight with Chris Eubank Jr last year.Â£20,000 worth of fine money has been handed to the boxer.
A mother-of-three who died in the Hillsborough disaster tried to identify her son's mother from a Polaroid photograph after the disaster, the inquests into her death and the deaths of two other fans have heard at a hearing in Warrington, Cheshire.
A robot designed by an Edinburgh student is to feature at this year's XpoNorth festival, which aims to bring together the world's leading designers, musicians and artists to Inverness and the Highlands and Islands in a week-long celebration of design and technology.
League Two side Cambridge United will host FA Cup holders Manchester United in the fifth round of the competition for the first time in 21 years after being drawn at home to the Reds in the second leg of their FA Cup third-round tie at the Abbey Stadium on Tuesday.
Manny Smith, Tom O'Donnell, Manny Smith, Adam Mafuta and Chris Hogan have all signed new deals with National League North side Gateshead, despite missing out on a play-off place in the play-offs last season with a run of three straight defeats.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola has no new injury worries after his side were knocked out of the Champions League in the quarter-finals by Monaco, while Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp is without striker Daniel Sturridge (groin) and defender Joe Allen (hamstring) through injury.
National League side Barrow have parted company with manager Paul Cox after just one season in charge of the Cumbrian club, BBC Radio Cymru has learned after agreeing a deal to part company with the manager on a two-and-a-half-year contract.
A beekeeper died after suffering an anaphylactic reaction to a bee sting to his neck, a coroner has heard, after his EpiPen failed to dose him with an antihistamine he had been given by his wife, his wife has told a court.
Forest Green Rovers were beaten for the second time in three days as Torquay United came from behind to win 5-4 at the New Lawn Stadium to move up to third in the National League table with a point.Â£10,000 in prize money is on offer.
When Boko Haram militants abducted two Nigerian schoolgirls from the town of Chibok in April 2014, their father-in-law Rev Mark Lawan was told that one of the girls had been stoned to death and the other had been buried alive in a hole outside the school.
Russia's lower house of parliament has passed a bill decriminalising some forms of domestic violence, including smacking children in the home, in a move that critics say could lead to more violence.Â£400 fines and community service instead of jail terms for repeat offenders.
The British government is being sued by five Kenyans who say it tortured and killed thousands of their compatriots during the Mau Mau uprising in the 1950s and 60s, but the case is being taken to the International Criminal Court (ICC) by a law firm representing the victims.
Ross County defender Andrew Davies has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club, tying him to Dingwall until the summer of 2018.Â£250,000 has been paid to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.
Prince Harry has been photographed sitting on a crocodile that had been removed from a river in Australia's Northern Territory, in what officials have described as a "top secret" conservation mission for the wildlife agency in charge of the area's crocodile management team in the Northern Territory.
Umpire Paul Reiffel has been ruled out of the second Test between South Africa and India after suffering concussion during the first day of the first Test at the Waca in Mumbai on Wednesday.Â£1.5m prize money is to be awarded to the winning team.
The boss of Nissan has defended the company's decision to sponsor the Rio Olympics, saying it was the "right decision" for the Japanese carmaker to back the Games in the country, despite the country being in a recession at the time of the 2012 London Olympics.
Thousands of native white-clawed crayfish have been released back into Welsh waterways in a bid to reverse the decline of the species.Researchers at Cynrig Hatchery in Powys are hoping to help reverse the trend by the end of the year.Â£250,000 has been invested in a project to reintroduce them.
Firefighters have tackled a blaze at a fast food restaurant close to the O2 Arena in south-east London, which led to the evacuation of about 100 people from the venue on Saturday.Â£10,000 worth of food was destroyed in the blaze, it has emerged.
Oscar-winning film 12 Years a Slave is to get a boost at the North American box office this weekend, following the success of its Oscar-winning remake, Dallas Buyers Club, in the UK and Canada last weekend.The film is set to go straight to the top of the US box office chart.
New York state officials are to investigate the cause of a foul-smelling cloud of black water that appeared at the base of Niagara Falls earlier this year, local media report.Â£1m (Â£700,000) in damages is to be paid to the US state of New York to clean up the polluted water.
Dundee midfielder Ryan O'Dea says it would be "virtually impossible" to replace Greg Stewart and Ryan Hemmings if they were to leave Dens Park this summer for English football in England or Scotland's top two divisions, but hopes the club can extend their stay.
The 2016 Winter Youth Olympic Games are under way in Norway, with the focus on developing the next generation of Winter Olympians in the sport of ice hockey, bobsleigh, snowboarding, snowboard, skiing and snowboarding from the age of 15 to 18.
A fifth UKIP councillor has defected from the local authority where the party won a majority in May, the BBC can reveal later this week, in a row over the airport at the centre of a dispute over the sale of the site to a US company.Â£1.5m is to be spent on the site.
This year's English GCSEs have failed to meet the five conditions set out by the exams watchdog Ofqual, a report has said, in the latest twist in a row over the way the exams are graded in England's schools and private schools in England and Wales.
At least 20 people have been killed in an air strike by the Saudi-led coalition supporting the Yemeni government, officials and witnesses say.The Saudi-backed coalition fighting Houthi rebels in the south-western province of Hajja says it was targeting "terrorists".
It is one of the most important days in the calendar of the Christian calendar - the Nativity story has been told for centuries, but this year's celebrations in Bethlehem have been overshadowed by tensions between Israel and the Palestinians, as the BBC's Yolande Knell reports.
Dyfed-Powys Police has been rated as "requires improvement" in an annual inspection of police forces in Wales, with inspectors saying it needs to do more to tackle the "abuse of authority for sexual gain" by its officers and staff.HM Inspectorate of Constabulary inspectors have criticised the force's "lack of progress" on its code of ethics.
A make-up artist who has worked with Hollywood star Leonardo DiCaprio has been praised by the actor at the Golden Globes for her "unbelievable talent" for her work on his latest film.Â£100,000 worth of Oscar-nominated Oscar nominations.
An anonymous donor has stepped in to pay for treatment for a seriously ill five-year-old boy with a rare form of leukaemia, his mother has said, after his family was left "heartbroken" by his failure to receive treatment in the UK.
Eleven airlines, including Air France and KLM, have been fined more than €400m (£300m) by a European Court of Justice (ECJ) panel for "repeated infringements" by the European Commission in a row over air traffic data.
Bournemouth striker Joshua King says his side will not take their foot off the gas just because they are safe from relegation from the Premier League, but will not allow themselves to get complacent in their fight to stay in the top-flight, says the England Under-21 international.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from besieged areas of Syria's second city, Aleppo, as part of a ceasefire deal with pro-government forces to end a year-long siege.The UN says it has counted 19,000 evacuees since the deal was agreed last week.
It has been a year that will go down in history as one of the most significant in the history of relations between the United States and Cuba, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in Havana, as the US and Cuba mark the first anniversary of a historic thaw in relations.
Marseille have been taken over by US billionaire Barry McCourt, who has become the club's new majority owner after buying the French club.Â£100m worth of shares in the club were sold on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday.Â© AFP
Astronaut Thomas Pesquet has captured some stunning images of the Earth from space, which have gone viral on social media, but some have complained about the wasted power and light pollution they say he has caused by the light pollution in the Earth's urban centres.
A Ukrainian mother who left her two young children in a flat with the dead body of one of her sons has been arrested for child neglect, local media reports say, and her sister is in intensive care in hospital with severe malnutrition and brain haemorrhaging.
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed Southampton midfielder Jordan McQueen on loan until the end of the season.Â£1.5m has been signed by the Premier League side on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with a view to a permanent deal.
Plans to build a tunnel at Stonehenge to ease congestion around the monument are to be considered as part of a £1.4bn upgrade of the A303, the BBC has learned from the Department for Transport (DfE) and Highways England.
Saracens captain Gareth Borthwick had a very busy day on the eve of Saturday's European Champions Cup semi-final against Toulon - but not in the way he might have expected to be in Cardiff on the morning of the final day of the tournament.
Myanmar's security forces have killed and tortured members of the country's Rohingya Muslim minority, the UN has accused the army of deliberately setting fire to their homes and forcing them into already burning homes to kill members of their own ethnic group, including babies and young children.
Schools and businesses have been closed after a water main burst, causing a major disruption to supplies in parts of Derby and Derbyshire, Severn Trent Water has said, with reports of brown water coming from tap water coming out of homes and businesses in the area.
Guernsey manager Tony Vance says his side's FA Cup quarter-final draw with England could have been avoided if they had not been forced to travel to Wembley for the tie.Â£10,000 worth of travel costs were paid for by the FA Cup tie, says the island.
Athletics has a "problem" with Russia, says World Anti-Doping Agency chief Mark Warner, who says the Russian authorities are "already asleep on the job" on anti-doping issues in the country's athletics federation and must be "root and rooted out".
The government's counter-radicalisation strategy is not working, an MP has said, after the death of one of three British schoolgirls thought to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State militants in the Middle East and died in a Russian air strike in Syria.
Emmerdale fans will be able to visit the soap's set for the first time in five years when a new tour of the show's set opens in April, ITV has announced, following the success of Coronation Street's similar tour earlier this year.
A number of teachers at a school in west Belfast called in sick on Friday, the BBC has learned from a member of staff at a neighbouring Catholic boarding school on the outskirts of the city, who are understood to have sent a letter to the principal expressing their concerns.
Cesare Girolamo's vineyard sits on a hillside in the Sicilian countryside, surrounded by rolling hills and rolling hills, with a few scattered vineyards in the middle of a small village in the south-east of the island of Sicily.
Mind-reading technology that can read a person's brainwaves is being trialled by the BBC as part of an experiment to see if the technology could be used to control TV devices using just their thoughts.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured for the project.
HebCelt has launched a new augmented reality experience that will allow people to "taste" the atmosphere of its music festival in real-time via a mobile phone or tablet computer app on the day of the event's opening night on the Isle of Lewis.
Northern Ireland's two-time Olympic track pursuit silver medallist Lizzie Houvenaghel has retired from the sport after failing to defend her title at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow.She says she is "immensely proud of her consistently high achievements" in cycling.
Wimbledon will play on Sunday for the first time since 1936 because of bad weather, organisers have confirmed to BBC Radio 5 live and the BBC Sport app on the day of the tournament's middle Sunday, when play will be played on all the courts at SW19 courts.
Police in Sicily have arrested 15 people accused of defrauding the fire service out of tens of thousands of euros (Â£13m; $18m) to set up a volunteer team to fight forest fires in the country's southernmost region, in the midst of a heatwave.
The number of sexual offences against children in England and Wales has risen by 38% in the past year, the NSPCC has said, the biggest rise in six years of the charity's annual report on the issue of child sexual abuse in the UK's police forces.
The US has been warned of a possible plot to smuggle explosives on to US-bound flights by a tip-off from a "human informant", US officials have told US news agencies, US media reports say, ahead of a meeting of the US-led coalition fighting so-called Islamic State.
North Korea has said it has miniaturised a device capable of carrying a nuclear weapon for the first time, according to South Korean officials, but experts say it is unclear how far it has progressed.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine have laid down their arms for the first time since a ceasefire was agreed last month, the Ukrainian military says, as new peace talks between the two sides enter a second day of talks in Minsk, Belarus, to try to revive the peace process.
Richard Keogh's first-half header was enough to give Derby County victory over Grimsby Town in their first game back in the Championship since the end of the 2015-16 season, which ended in a 1-0 win at the Madejski Stadium.
A US court has ruled that a woman convicted of murdering her four-year-old son in Arizona in 1990 can no longer be tried for a retrial, ruling that it would be "highly prejudicial" to her to have a trial in the case again.
The East Midlands Ambulance Service (EMAS) has been told it must improve after inspectors found it had "insufficient staff" and a "lack of appropriate skill-mix" to meet the needs of patients in a "timely timely manner".
Aaron Mooy scored his first goal since returning from international duty as Huddersfield Town moved to the top of the Championship with a hard-fought victory at Leeds United, who remain without a win in six league games in all competitions so far this season.
A BBC reporter was the victim of a "direct attempt to interfere" with an ongoing investigation into corruption in the ambulance service, an employment tribunal has heard, as she launched disciplinary proceedings against the corporation over the way it handled her case, it has been told.
Firefighters have been tackling a large blaze at a house in the south side of Glasgow which cut power supplies to 81 properties in the area.Â£10,000 worth of damage was caused to power to the area and left one person needing medical treatment, the fire service has said.
A group of climbers missing on Mount Rainier in the US state of Washington may have been caught in an avalanche, a national park official has said, after a helicopter search was called off because of heavy rain and strong winds in a remote area near the summit of the mountain.
Matt Weatherson and Matt Flynn both scored twice as Queen of the South were beaten 4-2 by Dumbarton in the Scottish League Cup quarter-final first round.Â£100,000-rated Dundee United secured their place in the last eight of the Scottish Cup with victory.
The British and Irish Lions' hopes of a first series win in Australia for 16 years were dented as the Wallabies held on for a narrow victory in a pulsating contest in Melbourne to level the three-match series at 2-2 and set up a decider in Sydney on Saturday.
The former chairman of Indian industrial giant Tata Sons has launched a scathing attack on his successor Ratan Tata, accusing him of meddling in the running of the business and damaging the reputation of the Tata Group, the BBC has learned from a source close to the company.
French pair Nicolas Mahut and Pierre-Hugues Herbert say they will wear black armbands at the ATP World Tour Finals in London to pay tribute to the victims of the attacks in Paris on Friday night, as they prepare to play at the event in London.
Wigan Warriors have been fined £10,000 by the Rugby Football League for staging a pre-season friendly against Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium on the same day as their Super League game against Huddersfield Giants on 28 June.
Manchester United striker Anthony Martial is a "top talent" and should stay at Old Trafford, says manager Jose Mourinho, despite speculation linking him with a move away from the club this transfer window, reports BBC Manchester United's James Milner and the BBC's Football Focus programme.
Former Arkansas Governor Mike Huckabee has announced he is running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination, eight years after he narrowly failed to win the Republican nomination in his first attempt.ÂÂ£4.5m (Â£3.4m) in campaign funds.
Juan Mata inspired Chelsea to a dominant victory over Sunderland at the Stadium of Light as the Blues continued their revival under new boss Andre Villas-Boas with a second-half demolition of the Premier League strugglers at Stadium MK Dons on Saturday night.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un has said his country has the "sure capability" to attack US targets in the Pacific Ocean, after the country successfully test-fired a new type of long-range missile on its third day of missile tests, state media report.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher after Standard Chartered said it plans to raise $2bn (Â£1.9bn) by issuing new shares to raise funds to fund its planned $5.1bn (£3.4bn) share issue.
An elderly man accused of murdering his wife at a care home in Cambridgeshire has died in hospital, a court has heard, a month after he was granted bail on the same charge, a judge has said, amid concerns he was not given "proper care".
The number of wild Bengal tigers in the wild in Bangladesh and India's Sunderbans region has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to a new report by the government of Dhaka and the Forest Division of the state of Chittagong.
Manchester City forward Gabriel Jesus could be out for up to six weeks after injuring his metatarsal bone during his side's 2-1 defeat by Aston Villa on Sunday.Â£27m signing Gabriel Jesus is a doubt for Saturday's trip to Southampton.Â€‚¬1.5m (£1.4m) Manchester United.
Five of the seven board members of Sport NI have resigned from the organisation amid "serious allegations" about the organisation's management and "culture" in the wake of a report into "serious management and culture" at the sport body, the assembly's culture committee has said.
A piece of malware that infects thousands of home routers and other devices running vulnerable software is helping protect them from cyber-attack, a security firm has said in a blog post on its website and on its own blog site, Symantec Security Blogs.
The violence that erupted at the end of the Bundesliga match between Borussia Dortmund and RB Leipzig on Saturday was the worst to hit Germany's top-flight football since World Cup-winning legend Franz Beckenbauer was killed in a car crash in 1994.
A major road in Powys has reopened after being closed for more than three hours following a series of crashes involving a number of cars and lorries in the space of just over an hour and a half, the Welsh Ambulance Service has said in a statement.
Mexico's Finance Minister Luis Videgaray has resigned, a day after Donald Trump's controversial visit to the country, the country's government has said in an official statement to the BBC News website.Â£1bn-a-year salary will not be affected by his departure, officials say.
The battle for Tal Afar is the latest phase in the battle to recapture the Iraqi city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS), and it is likely to be the longest-running and most complex operation of its kind in the country's recent history.
Substitute Lee Novak scored a late equaliser as Charlton came from behind to draw 2-2 at Fleetwood.Â£1.5m promotion hopefuls Fleetwood had to settle for a point in the battle of the League One play-off places.
Portsmouth chairman Phil Brown has urged the club's supporters to "look in the eye" of the man who wants to take over the club from the Professional Footballers' Trust (PST) and decide whether to accept his proposed takeover offer for the League Two club.
A camera has been secretly filmed filming a turtle on a remote part of the Great Barrier Reef in Australia to see if it can be used to help find out why so many of the animals are dying in the water around the world's largest mangrove reef.
Kyle Wootton's late equaliser earned Scunthorpe a point at Port Vale as they maintained their unbeaten start to the season with a draw in the League One play-off semi-final first leg at Portman Road, despite being down to 10 men for most of the game.
Ipswich Town ended MK Dons' 100% start to the season with victory at Portman Road as goals from Matt Revell and Ryan Varney secured a fourth straight win.Â£1m-rated Ipswich Town finished third in the Championship.
Former Fifa world player of the year Tim Weah has been re-elected to the Liberian senate in a vote overshadowed by concerns over the Ebola outbreak and a lack of voter turn-out in the country's first election since the 2005 presidential poll, officials say.
England's Tommy Fleetwood lost to Bernd Wiesberger in a sudden-death play-off at the WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai, losing by one shot to the German in the final round of the season-opening event.Â£1.5m prize money was split between the two players.
Women's Super League One side Birmingham City Ladies have signed Netherlands defender Mandy van den Berg from Liverpool on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12-month deal.Â£1.5m is to be paid to the player.
Torquay United have signed defender Myles Anderson and striker Ruairi Keating on one-month loan deals from Barrow and Port Vale respectively, with a view to a more permanent deal in the January transfer window, both of which could be completed by the end of the month.
Bonfire builders in Belfast say they have had to move bonfire material from a public car park in the city centre after the council failed to store it properly in time for this year's Twelfth of July bonfire celebrations on the eve of St Patrick's Day.
The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary has been compiled to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the children's author's birth, with a list of more than 8,000 new words, many of which have never before appeared in a book of its kind.Â£1.5m has been spent on the Oxford-based dictionary.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said he is "delighted" a new TVR car is to be built in south Wales, after the car maker announced plans to invest Â£100m in a new assembly plant in Ebbw Vale by 2022.
Lewis Hamilton described his performance in the Chinese Grand Prix as "one of the worst" he has put in for a long time as he fought back from 14th to finish sixth on the final lap to finish seventh on his return to Formula 1's highest-powered car.
(Noon): London's leading shares were higher, but shares in Marks and Spencer fell after the retailer warned of a "significant" drop in profits due to its struggling clothing business, sending its share price down more than 8% in early trade on Thursday.
Portadown have been handed a one-match ban and a 12-point deduction by the Irish FA following the controversial decision to award Ards victory in Tuesday's Premiership game at Portadown, following the disqualification of David Garrett on Tuesday.The IFA has confirmed that the player will serve his ban.
A light aircraft has crashed in a field in Kent, killing the pilot, the air accident investigation team has said, after a "major incident" involving a light aircraft and a car engine on the approach to an airfield in the town of Stoke-on-Trent.
A treasurer at the Rangers Supporters' Association Boys Club has been given a community payback order for embezzling more than £20,000 from her employer and then taking the money for herself, a court has been told in a case of "deliberate systematic" theft.
Astronomers have discovered more than twice as many "monster" stars as were previously thought to be in the entire Milky Way Galaxy, according to a new study.Â£1bn-worth of Hubble space telescope data has revealed a huge new class of super-massive stars.
Roma will shut part of Stadio Olimpico's Curva Sud section for one game next season after racist chants aimed at Mario Balotelli's black team-mates in a derby match earlier this month, the club have confirmed to the BBC.
Oscar Threlkeld and Craig Tanner scored their first goals of the season as League Two leaders Plymouth Argyle beat Crawley to go top of the table and end the Crawley boss's 100% start to life in charge of the League Two side.
US cable networks Discovery and Scripps have agreed to merge in a deal worth $14.6bn (Â£11.4bn) to create a media company with a global reach that will help them compete in the fast-growing video-on-demand market.
Queens Park Rangers have denied reports that Steven Caulker was involved in an on-field altercation at a players' Sunday lunch on the day he was injured in a pub brawl at Loftus Road on New Year's Day, saying the player was just hurt.
Singer Barbra Streisand has won a battle with Apple's Siri virtual assistant over the pronunciation of her name, after she complained to the tech giant about the way it pronounced it.Â£1.2bn-worth of music is due to be released this year.
Egyptian security forces have fired tear gas and used water cannon to disperse angry protesters in the eastern Cairo suburb of Rehab after a man was shot dead by a policeman, officials say, in the latest in a series of recent clashes between police and the public in the country.
Doctors in the US say they are concerned that a decision not to lower the price of a painkiller will leave patients in the same situation as they were in when the drug was first introduced in 2013 will leave them unable to treat some patients who need it more than others.
Derby County midfielder Matt Martin says he feels "a lot lighter" with the "mon monkey off his back" after scoring his first goal of the season for the first time in four months to help his side to a first league win of 2017-18.
An Air France plane bound for Canada was forced to make an emergency landing in Glasgow after a "slight smell of burning" was detected on board, the airline has said in a statement to the BBC's Panorama programme on its website and on social media.
Decay has been found in more than half of five-year-old children in Wales for the first time in a survey of children's oral health, according to a Welsh Government survey for the last time in 2003-04, it has been revealed in a new report.
A weaker pound has helped to boost the Northern Ireland economy, according to the Ulster Bank, with manufacturing and retail sales growing at their fastest rate in eight years. However, consumers should "brace themselves" for "significant price rises" in 2017, the bank has warned.
Revised plans for a £1bn redevelopment of Manchester city centre have been unveiled by Sir Alex Ferguson and Gary Neville Neville, two years after the project was put on hold due to concerns over its impact on the area's history.Historic England has said the new plan still needs work.
A motorcyclist has died after his bike left the road and crashed into a tree in South Yorkshire, police have said, in what is believed to have been a crash involving a car and a lorry on a dual carriageway in the South Yorkshire countryside.
Carrick Rangers have appointed former Crusaders boss Gary Callaghan as their new manager on a two-year contract.Â£100,000 is to be invested in the club by the League of Ireland club, with the option of a further 12 months in the job.
A carer who shook a three-week-old baby so hard he suffered a brain injury has been jailed for four years and nine months.The man who inflicted "catastrophic" injuries on the child has been given a 12-month custodial sentence.
Britain's Kyle Edmund beat Spain's Feliciano Garcia-Lopez in straight sets to reach the second round of the China Open, where he will face Madison Keys in the main draw on Tuesday.Â£1.5m prize money is on offer for the winner.
A 15-year-old girl who has been missing from her Leicestershire home for more than a week has been found dead, police have confirmed to BBC Radio Leicester and the BBC News website.Two men arrested on suspicion of kidnap have been re-arrested.
Dagenham & Redbridge's National League play-off hopes suffered a major setback as they were thrashed 3-0 by Chester in a thrilling encounter at Chester's Chester Field in the National League on Tuesday night, with the game ending in a tie between the two sides.
Boreham Wood have re-signed defender Luke Young on a two-year deal after he was released by National League rivals Eastleigh.Ryan Bird has also joined the club on a season-long loan from Bristol Rovers, with a view to a permanent deal.
A quarter of England's council wards saw fewer than 20% of the electorate vote in the last three local elections, according to figures from the Electoral Commission, with the lowest turnout in the country in 2015 and the lowest ever in 2012 and 2014, it has been revealed.
Wales full-back Matthew Morgan has signed for Cardiff Blues on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months, on a permanent deal at the end of the current season, subject to a medical and a work permit, BBC Wales understands.
Crawley Town have signed Conor Henderson on a one-year contract after he turned down a new deal with the League Two club last season.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player by the National League club.ÂÂ£10,000 is also included in the contract.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes has dismissed reports linking striker Peter Crouch with a move to West Bromwich Albion, insisting the England international will stay at the club next season "for the long-term" and insists he is a "big part" of what they are doing.
One of Andy Warhol's most famous works, a series of self-portraits of Mao Zedong, is to be sold at auction in Hong Kong next month - the first time it has been put up for sale in the Chinese market since the artist's work began in 1972.
Plans to build a house with a kitchen in the shape of a rose have been approved by councillors in Greater Manchester, despite being turned down by planners a year ago because of its "sensitive relationship" to the landscape and "stigma" of the area.
Channing Tatum is to star in a remake of the Oscar-nominated 1991 film Mermaids, it has been announced.Â£20m (£13m) is to be spent on a new film version of the film, which will be called Mermaids: The Movie.
Sculptures of moths have been unveiled in Hull to commemorate the life of aviator Amy Johnson, who died in a plane crash 75 years ago on board a World War Two RAF plane, it has been revealed in the East Yorkshire city's Museum of Art.
The chancellor has said the government could "reset" its fiscal policy if the economy needs a "kick start" following the Brexit vote, but stopped short of saying it would be impossible to reach a budget surplus by 2020 by then.Labour has dismissed the comments as "just warm words" from another Tory chancellor.
An event inspired by the success of a similar event in County Durham is to be staged in London next year, it has been announced to coincide with the city's City of Culture celebrations in January.Â£1m of lottery funding has been secured to stage the event.
Ireland came from behind to beat Germany 3-2 in the second game of their EuroHockey Championships campaign in Glasgow on Sunday.The Green Machine made it two wins out of two in the tournament with victory over the Germans in the quarter-finals on the final day.
A father who took his daughter on a term-time holiday to Disney World has won a Supreme Court battle against a local council's attempt to fine him for taking her there in unauthorised terms-time, the BBC has learned - but the cost to the government is paying for his legal battle.
The parents of a schoolgirl who was seriously injured when she was hit by a motorbike have said she is "taking very small steps on to the road to recovery" as she recovers from her injuries at a specialist hospital in Merthyr Tydfil.
A US soldier has been awarded the Medal of Freedom for bravery in Afghanistan for his role in defending a US base from an attack by the Taliban, the US Army has said in a press conference in New York on Monday night, calling it a "heroic and selfless act".
An annual cap on immigration and a five-year freeze on the number of unskilled workers would be introduced after the UK leaves the EU, a pro-Brexit campaign group has said in a report to Prime Minister Theresa May's office on Monday.Labour has said she faces a choice between going "down the road" or taking a "more realistic" approach to Brexit.
A London Tube station was evacuated after a group of football fans set fire to a section of the concourse ahead of the FA Cup final, Transport for London (TfL) has said, causing the station to be closed for more than an hour and causing smoke to be seen from miles away.
Great Britain's Seonaid McIntosh won her second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as Great Britain's shooting team finished second in the women's team event on Friday night in the pool stage.Â£50,000 worth of gold medals were won by the McIntosh sisters on Thursday.
Bank of England governor Mark Carney has defended the Bank's actions after the UK voted to leave the European Union, saying the economy "sailed through" the Brexit vote "a surprise to the vast majority of financial market participants" and "passed through" of its actions.
Lizzy Yarnold's gold medal in the women's skeleton at the Sochi Winter Olympics is the latest in a long line of achievements for British skeleton, which began in the 19th century in Switzerland and has now become one of the world's most popular winter sports.
Welsh boxer Nicola Adams will make her professional debut at the Manchester Arena on Saturday when she fights Mexico's Ismael Salazar in a four-round super-featherweight title eliminator for the WBO world title in the city's Principality Stadium.
Great Britain's Liam Heath won gold in the men's kayak K2 200m at the European Canoe Slalom Championships for the second year in a row, with a new personal best in the first race of the 2017 season in Hungary.Â£1.5m is the target for the British team.
The Isle of Man's Ellan Vannin men's football team have won the European Under-19 Championship for the first time in their history, beating Hungary in the final at the ConIFA World Cup in Hungary.Â£10,000 in prize money has been awarded to the winning team.
The final boat built at the last dry dockyard in the UK to build small boats has set sail for Scotland.There is uncertainty over the future of the site, which has been in operation for more than 200 years, BBC Inside Out West has learned in the past six months.
Too many older people living in care homes have become "institutionalised" where they have a "lack of choice and control over their lives", a report has said, calling for urgent action to improve the quality of life for those in the homes for the over 60s.
The government is to increase the maximum discount on council house prices for social housing tenants under plans to "re-invigorate" the right-to-buy scheme, the BBC has been told by the government, as it prepares to unveil its plans for the scheme.
The number of cases of syphilis in London has more than doubled in the past five years, with the highest number among men who have sex with men in the capital, health officials have said, amid "alarming" rises in the infection among heterosexual men and women.
A 23-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death of another man who was stabbed in the neck in Midlothian, Police Scotland have said in a police report to the procurator fiscal (PSF).Â£10,000 bail has been granted.
Portsmouth have signed former Belgium Under-21 midfielder Dominic Samuel on a two-year deal.Â£250,000 has been paid to the midfielder on a three-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months at Fratton Park if he is offered a further year.
Nottingham Forest head coach Gary Brazil says he is "very well supported" by the club's owner and chairman, despite only being in charge of the Championship club for a week and failing to win any of his first five games in the job so far.
An Australian charity has asked the public to help save the lives of animals that have been badly injured in bushfires, by sewing mittens for injured baby kangaroos that need medical treatment to keep them warm and dry.Â£2,000 worth of mittens have been donated by the public.
More than a third of babies born with a cleft palate in the UK are not diagnosed with the condition within the first 24 hours of their birth, figures show, despite national guidelines calling for better care for newborn babies with the problem.The Royal College of Surgeons says there is a need for stronger guidelines.
Three striking primary school cleaners who went on strike over pay and pensions have been sacked by their employer, the Guardian has reported, amid claims they were sacked for "gross misconduct" in the wake of the dispute.Labour has described the move as "heartless" and "scroogelike".
York City have signed striker Andy Parkin on loan from National League rivals Macclesfield Town until the end of the season after agreeing a deal to sign him on a one-month loan deal with the club on 1 January, with a view to a permanent deal.
Jeremy Corbyn has set out his vision for improving public transport in his final speech before the Labour leadership contest, promising to "renationalise" the railways and improve bus services in areas not covered by the government's bus services bill, as he launched his re-election campaign.
There is no need for a "one-size-fits-all" approach to dieting, according to a study of more than 7,000 overweight people who followed a wide range of diets, including Atkins, Nutrisystem, Weight Watchers and Rosemary Conley.
A man has been found guilty of the manslaughter of a woman who was crushed to death by a pair of window frames that weighed more than 1,500lb (655kg) and were left hanging from a building site without any safety precautions, a court has heard.
England international Gemma Nobbs has signed a new contract with Women's Super League One champions Arsenal Ladies, keeping her at the club until the end of the 2017-18 season, reports BBC Radio Solent.com Sport's Victoria Derbyshire on Tuesday.
Super League champions Wigan Warriors coach Shaun Wane says he will not be dwelling on his side's defeat by Cronulla Sharks in the World Club Final, but will instead give his side a "pat on the back" for beating their NRL counterparts in the competition's new format.
A deal has been reached to improve flight tracking in the wake of the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 over the Indian Ocean, the UN has said in a press conference in the Swiss capital, New York, on Wednesday evening (00:00 GMT).Â© Reuters
China has admitted for the first time that it allows the trade in tiger skins from captive animals, according to officials and participants at a meeting on illegal wildlife trade.The trade is happening on a "commercial scale" in China, say officials and wildlife campaigners.Â©
UK economic growth will slow sharply next year as consumer spending and investment falls and inflation rises, according to a new report by a leading accountancy firm, which has warned that the UK is facing a period of "relatively low" growth after the Brexit vote.
A Flintshire man has admitted making threats to kill police officers and shooting them on the Dee Estuary in Flintshire, a court has been told in a pre-sentence hearing in Wrexham, Flintshire and Conwy county, on the Isle of Wight.
Highlands and Islands Airports operator Hial has welcomed two new flights from Inverness to Amsterdam as part of a deal with the Dutch airline KLM to fly between the two airports until the end of the year, it has been announced to coincide with the Easter holidays.
Tommy Seymour's hat-trick of tries helped Glasgow come from behind to beat Leinster in a thrilling Pro12 encounter at Scotstoun and record their second win of the season.Â£12m-rated Glasgow Warriors moved up to second place in the table.
A Gwynedd airfield is being considered as a potential site for a UK spaceport, as part of a consultation on the UK government's plans for a new space hub.Â£40bn is expected to be created by 2030, but not everyone agrees on the location.
Arcade Fire have wowed the Glastonbury Festival crowd with an upbeat, upbeat set in the wake of a thunderstorm that shut down the festival's main stage for several hours on Friday night and left thousands of fans stranded on the ground.Â£1.5m worth of festival merchandise has been sold at the site.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced that next year's Women's World Twenty20 will be held at the Ageas Bowl in Bristol.Â£1.5m will be invested in the tournament by the governing body, the ECB, over the next three years.
At least 10 people have been killed in an ambush by suspected Islamist militants from the Boko Haram group in north-eastern Nigeria, a university has said, raising the death toll from Tuesday's attack to at least 40, the BBC has learned from security sources.
Irish actor, writer and director John Lally has died at the age of 63. He was best known for his role as Miley Byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe and later in the BBC's Ballykissangel.com series in the 1970s and 1980s.
Middlesex batsman Sam Robson hit his highest-ever first-class score against Warwickshire on day one of the County Championship match at Edgbaston as his side dominated the first day of the day-night contest against the Bears.The visitors fought back strongly on day two.
One of the world's most important coral reefs has suffered its worst coral die-off in at least 40 years, according to Chinese scientists who have recorded the worst coral bleaching in the region since the 1970s and 1980s, scientists say.Â£1bn worth of damage has been caused by global warming, they report.
European and US markets have fallen sharply after a deal was struck between the Cypriot government and international creditors to rescue the island nation's banks, which have been in crisis since last week's inconclusive general election led to the collapse of the island's banking system.
A man with terminal bowel cancer has reached the summit of Mount Everest for the first time, raising more than £30,000 for charity.Â£1,000 more than he expected to make by the end of the climb.Â© Ian Toothill.
Volunteers in Gwynedd have threatened to move out of a church hall in protest at plans to increase the cost of renting it from £250 to £750 a year, it has been claimed by a Diocese of St Davids board of finance.
Tributes have been paid to a Walsall football fan who was among those killed in the Tunisian beach attack, which also claimed the lives of his father and nephew.The family of another victim of the attack have been described as "devastated" and "heartbroken".
The quality of science lessons in schools is a "vital factor" in producing the next generation of scientists, according to the education watchdog Estyn Wales' chief inspector for science education, Ann Keane, who has been in charge of schools in Wales for the past five years.
A growing number of Muslims in the US have offered to guard Jewish sites in the wake of recent threats against Jewish community centres and Jewish cemeteries, in a show of solidarity with the Jewish community and Jewish organisations.Â£1m (Â£700,000) has been raised for a crowdfunding campaign to help repair Jewish cemetery vandalised headstones.
Two brothers who carried out a "merciless and savage" stabbing to death a drug dealer in a bid to steal a gold bracelet have been jailed for murder and culpable homicide.A judge has described them as "butchered" by a samurai sword-wielding killer.
Blondie has returned to the stage for the first time in two weeks, playing a sold-out gig at Manchester's O2 Arena on Saturday night - but it wasn't quite as smooth as fans might have hoped, and he didn't quite make it through the whole thing.
Brentford boss Mark Warburton is to leave the club at the end of the season as part of a "remodelling" of the club's football management structure, it has been announced.Â£1m-rated Brentford have confirmed that he will be replaced as manager.
A former aide to French President Nicolas Sarkozy has said the centre-right UMP party's 2012 election campaign finances were in a "terrible spiral" and should have been "pulled to the emergency alarm" when the party overspent by millions of euros.
Barack Obama will make his first visit to Cuba since becoming president of the United States of America on Friday.Â© AFP, AP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters/Eduardo Munoz de la Iglesias/AP, AFP, EPA and Reuters
A fire on board a Wightlink ferry may have been caused by an air conditioning unit, the operator has said, but it is not believed to have affected the safety of the vessel's 65 passengers and 13 crew on board at the time of the blaze.
Two men have been jailed for conspiring to cover up the death of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash after he was dropped off at his home by one of them the day before he left the UK to die in a car crash in Dubai.
Anti-odorant firm Nivea has apologised after an advert for its new black and white range was branded racist by the right-wing group the Alt-right and widely shared on social media, including by the company's own Facebook page and by its own website.
Cambridge United moved into the League Two play-off places with victory over Exeter City, who missed the chance to go top of the table as they were held to a goalless draw at Gander Green Lane in the battle of the top two in the race for promotion.
Sale Sharks have signed former Wales and Lions fly-half Mike Phillips from French Top 14 side Racing 92 on a two-year deal from the start of the 2016-17 season, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal, subject to international clearance.
Scientists in the UK are making maps of the Earth's shifting tectonic plates from space, in a project that could help predict where earthquakes are more likely to occur in some parts of the world than they are currently thought to be at risk of occurring elsewhere in the world.
Here is the full text of Prime Minister David Cameron's speech to the Conservative Party conference, as he prepares to take over as leader of the UK's largest party after a general election victory over the Liberal Democrat-led coalition government led by Nick Clegg and Ed Miliband.
South Africa beat England by eight runs in a rain-affected Twenty20 international in Johannesburg to take a 2-1 lead in the three-match series with a game to spare in the final one-day international at the Wanderers on Saturday night, with the series level at 1-1.
UKIP Wales leader Neil Hamilton Davies has called on his colleague Nathan Gill to quit his job as a part-time MEP if he does not quit as an assembly member and be a "team player" in the Senedd by the end of the assembly term in May.
An Easyjet flight from Berlin to Bristol was forced to make an emergency landing in Amsterdam after the pilot reported a strong smell of smoke coming from the plane's cabin, the airline has said, but no passengers were injured.Â£1,000 of damage was caused when a fire on board.
Young people in England are being offered qualifications of "little worth" in a patchwork vocational education system that confuses employers and is not valued by society, a think tank has said in a new report on apprenticeships in the country for the first time in more than a decade.
Plans to build a £100m hydroelectric scheme on a river in Snowdonia have been withdrawn, the company behind the scheme has said, after a request for more information from Natural Resources Wales.Â£1m of public money has been spent on the project.
A gang of drug dealers who dealt in "industrial quantities" of heroin have been jailed for a total of 12 years and eight months.More than £1m has been seized by police in Cardiff and Newport in the past three years, a court has heard.
Ajax midfielder Abdelhak Nouri's brain has been severely damaged after suffering a heart attack during a pre-season friendly in Germany on Saturday, the Dutch club have confirmed in a statement on his condition on Monday."A lot of [his] brain is not functioning."
Sir William Howard Taft, the British statesman who came up with the idea of the welfare state in the early 20th Century, has spoken about it for the first time in more than 70 years, in a newspaper interview.The BBC's Chris Page's report on welfare in Northern Ireland will be broadcast on Thursday.
Gianluigi Buffon has criticised the use of video assistant referees (VAR) in Serie A, saying it is "not good" for football and could be better used more judiciously in order to improve the game's credibility."It makes it like water polo," says the world's best goalkeeper.
A financial services firm is creating up to 500 new jobs in Worcestershire as part of a recruitment drive to boost its workforce by more than 100.Â£2m.ÂÂ£1.5m is to be invested in a new office in the town.
David Cameron should not be the next Nato secretary-general, a senior Conservative MP has said, in a speech to the House of Commons Defence Committee.Â£1bn worth of defence spending could be at risk if the US turns away from the alliance, he added.
Girls Aloud stars Kimberley Walsh and Alfie Boe are to sing One Vision for Team GB in support of the Olympic and Paralympic Games in Rio, along with Les Miserables star Alfie Alfie Walsh and his partner Alfie Bekoe.
Russian social media users seem to have developed a taste for Western pop culture, as the country's top trending hashtags are dominated by references to Western artists and pop culture in the wake of the Ukraine crisis and the crisis in neighbouring Syria, according to BBC Monitoring.
Neil Lennon's appointment as Hibernian's new manager was not a decision made lightly, but it was a decision that could not have been made without a sense of urgency and a desire to return to the top flight of Scottish football, writes BBC Scotland's Mark McGhee.
Cameroon defender Pape Chedjou has joined Istanbul Basaksehir on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the Turkish Super Lig with a further year in which he could play in the Champions League.
Livingston is one of the most rural constituencies in Scotland - the only one where the majority of the population is made up entirely of people from the mining industry who grew up in the past and who have no memory of the past - but there are still communities here which are proud of their past.
The Home Office has been urged to clarify where it draws the line on hacking devices, amid concerns about children's toys and driverless cars connected to the internet, in a bid to counter the threat of cyber-terrorism and paedophile-related crime in the UK.
Myanmar's government has signed a deal with more than 50 armed groups to end decades of conflict with the military, in a move hailed as a "historic day" by the country's president and rebel groups in a televised ceremony in the capital, Nay Pyi Taw.
Venezuelan military jets have shot down two unauthorised planes that were allegedly trying to smuggle drugs into the country from Central America, the military has said, in the latest in a series of anti-drugs operations by the government since President Nicolas Maduro took office.
Mental health services for expectant mothers in Wales are to be boosted by £3.5m of funding from the Welsh government.Â£1.3m will be spent on mental health services over the next five years, the Welsh Government has announced.
The world's biggest maker of telecoms equipment has agreed to pay a record fine to the US government after admitting to a series of violations of trade laws.The US has imposed a penalty on a Chinese company for selling equipment to Iran, North Korea and other countries.
The number of sexual abuse allegations against UN peacekeepers rose last year for the first time in three years, according to the UN's annual report on UN peacekeeping operations, released on Tuesday night by the UN Human Rights Council (UNHRC) in New York.
A man has admitted stabbing his wife to death after he found out he was not the father of their two children and that one of his children was not his own, a court has been told in a case involving a "delusional disorder" and "paranoid" behaviour.
France will remain in Mali for as long as it takes to withdraw its troops from the country, the French defence minister has said, as his country prepares to pull out of the conflict-hit West African country by the end of the year, AFP news agency reports.
US President Barack Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping have signed a deal to tackle cyber espionage, in their first face-to-face talks since the US-China trade talks last week in New York, which ended in a deal worth $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn).
Flooding has hit parts of Warwickshire, with drivers stranded in their cars and schools closed due to rising water levels in the Leam Valley and parts of the West Midlands and the West Coast Mainline.The Met Office has issued a yellow "be aware" warning for flooding.
A swan had to be rescued after it became stuck on the roof of a shopping centre in London's West End on New Year's Day.The RSPCA has released it back into the wild after it was rescued by staff at a nearby sound-training centre.
Theresa May has been accused of "taking this country in a dangerous and damaging direction" by the Lib Dems after she said the government would not be able to afford to fund the NHS if it failed to get a good Brexit deal with the EU after Brexit.
Celtic stretched their lead at the top of the Scottish Premiership to 10 points with a comfortable win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle.The visitors were reduced to 10 men after Greg Tansey was sent off for a second yellow card in the second half.
Actor Harry Shearer, who has voiced three of the main characters in the hit US TV series The Simpsons, is to leave the show after turning down a new contract, the show's producers have confirmed to US media reports, citing a lawyer for the actor's lawyer.
Plans to scrap student grants for nurses in England are set to be debated in the House of Commons on Wednesday, amid concerns that it will make it even harder for people to get into the profession, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been told.
A court in Australia has thrown a lifeline to a giant coal mine in the state of Queensland, after a court overturned the approval of two species of snake and reptile that had been found on the site of a major construction project in the area where the mine is due to go ahead.
Olympic 400m hurdles champion Venus Richards-Ross says she has been "helped to heal" by the support she has received since revealing that she had an abortion before the 2008 Games."I feel bad because people misinterpreted my story," she says.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said that the issue of the Irish border cannot be resolved before trade talks with the European Union (EU) can start, as the UK is seeking a "very ambitious" trade deal with the EU, alongside a customs arrangement with the bloc.
The Scottish Liberal Democrats will be holding their spring conference in Aberdeen on Thursday, with the party's Holyrood election campaign kicking off in the city the following day with a conference in Dundee.Â£1m worth of fundraising is expected to be done by the party.
British actress Tracy Jumbo has called on the government to do more to support black actors in the UK, saying the country is "pulling the plug" on its talent and "letting people slip through the net" in search of work abroad because of a lack of roles.
The government's plans for more selective schools in England are likely to do little to improve the performance of the most disadvantaged young people, say researchers who have looked at the impact of free school meals on the attainment gap in the most deprived areas of the country, a report says.
Cardiff Blues and Wales scrum-half Gareth Anscombe says he is "frustrated" by the number of injuries he has suffered but still believes he can earn a regular place in the Wales side for the autumn internationals against Italy and Ireland."I don't know if my body was angry at me for doing that," says Anscombe.
Ten years ago I was sitting in a room at San Francisco’s Moscone Centre in the middle of the morning rush hour when I was approached by a producer who wanted me to try out the new iPhone for a piece of TV news reporting for BBC Ten O’Clock News.
A £150m science and technology complex in Newcastle city centre has been officially opened, creating more than 1,000 new jobs and more than 2,000 student and research places.Â£100m of public money has been invested in the project over the past four years.
Yorkshire Diamonds have appointed former Essex and Yorkshire Eagles coach Simon Grayson as their new head coach for the 2017 Super League season, reports BBC Radio Leeds.Â£100,000 salary cap is to be paid to him by the Women's Super League champions, subject to international clearance.
Bristol Rovers have signed midfielders Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford from League One rivals Stoke City on season-long loan deals, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m move to the Gasworks Stadium in the summer of 2017.
The UK's inflation rate turned positive for the first time in more than 60 years in May, official figures have shown, as food and fuel prices rose for the second month in a row, but remained at their lowest level since February 2009, according to official figures.
Plaid Cymru's leader has said she will not "stifle debate" on cutting the top rate of income tax in Wales if the party wins power in May's assembly election, despite a call for a top rate to be cut to 20p an hour.
British Olympic silver medallist Hannah Graddon has announced her retirement from diving after failing to qualify for the Rio 2016 Games in Brazil, where she hopes to compete for Great Britain for the first time in the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, in August 2016, says her body "will not hold out".
At least 16 people have been injured in a collision between two commuter trains in the US state of California, fire officials say, after one of the trains derailed and the other came to a stop.Â£1.5m (1.6bn) in the city of Oakland, California.
The Pirate Bay, one of the world's most popular file-sharing websites, has returned to the net after being offline for more than a year, according to a website which says it is relaunching on 1 February, after a break-in in Sweden.
Previews and team news for all of the weekend's Premier League games, as Newcastle host Crystal Palace, Newcastle travel to Newcastle and Sunderland travel to Stoke and West Brom travel to West Ham in the West Ham derby, while West Brom host West Ham United and Arsenal travel to Norwich.
Scientists say they are "almost certainly" going to miss the world's target of limiting global temperature rise to 1.5 degrees above pre-industrial levels by the end of the century, even if emissions of greenhouse gases continue to fall, as they have done so far.
The number of people convicted of animal cruelty offences in Wales has more than doubled in the past year, according to the RSPCA Cymru charity, which says it has seen a rise in the number of cautions issued to people in the last 12 months.
A man who hid his girlfriend's body in a cupboard and took her benefits for several months after she was found dead has been jailed for lying to police and hiding her body from her family and to cover up her death.A judge has described his actions as "inexcusable" and "shocking".
Crusaders manager Alan Mulgrew says Ards will be keen to make amends for their heavy defeat at Seaview last season when the sides meet again in Tuesday night's Irish Premiership game at the Bangor Fuels Arena (19:00 GMT).
How secure are the world's banks, and how well prepared are they for the next financial crisis that could threaten the stability of the global banking system and the global economy in the next 12 months or even a year or so?Â£1trn in losses, billions of pounds in bad debts and billions of taxpayers' money.
Glamorgan batsman Colin Ingram says he is "thrilled" to be returning to county cricket for the first time since having knee surgery last year."I'm fortunate to be able to do the right thing, earn a good living and play the game that I enjoy."
Lewis Hamilton took pole position for the season-opening Australian Grand Prix - but the final qualifying session at Melbourne's Albert Park was marred by a row over the format of the final run-by-corner pit-to-brake race-time.
A Fifa official banned from football for two years has had his suspension reduced to two years after he was found guilty of misconduct in relation to Qatar's bid for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, the Court of Arbitration for Sport has ruled on a second appeal.
An elderly man has died in a house fire in the north of Inverness, the fire service has confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website, but it is not believed to have been caused by a fire deliberately started by a gas or electricity fault, police have said.
Photographs from the 1970s Rock Against Racism movement are to go on display in a new exhibition in Leeds, which aims to "inspire people to fight against racism and inequality in the UK" through art and music.Â£10,000 prize for the best exhibition of the year.
Sunderland's new signing Michael Vaughan says the Black Cats need to be mentally tough if they are to challenge for promotion from the Championship this season.Â£1m signing Jack Rodwell says he is already seeing the hunger in the players' eyes to reach the top of the table.
When Rex Tillerson announced his decision to withdraw the US from the Paris climate change agreement, he did not do it out of any personal ambition or personal ambition, but he did it because he wanted to, as he put it, "for the sake of the country".
Barcelona defender Gerard Pique says the club are "not in the best moment" after losing to Real Madrid in the semi-finals of the Copa del Rey for the second time in three years in a week."There is room for improvement," says the Spain defender.
Boris Johnson has said it "doesn't matter too much" who comes out on top in the final stage of the campaign to leave the EU after rival groups are formally designated as the official campaign groups.The Mayor of London has said he will not be "bickering" over the outcome of the vote.
A group of Muslim clerics in Mauritania has called for the execution of a blogger who was sentenced to death for insulting Islam's Prophet Muhammad, ahead of a Supreme Court decision on his case on whether he should be pardoned or freed on Tuesday.Â£1.5m (1.6m; $2.2m) has been spent on his defence.
A Dundee car parts company has admitted health and safety breaches after a worker died after inhaling toxic fumes from a paint stripper tank at the firm's premises.Prosecutors have called for a fine of up to £50,000 for failing to protect him from the fumes.
The first of the Royal Navy's new generation of submarines, the HMS Astute, has been officially unveiled at a Cumbrian shipyard in a ceremony to mark a "significant milestone" in its construction.Â£1bn worth of equipment has been delivered to the yard.
Wales captain Joe Ledley says he is happy with the decision by manager Chris Coleman to give his players "peace and quiet" ahead of Euro 2016, but hopes he will sign a new contract with the national team sooner rather than later, says the midfielder.
A system used to keep an eye on cargo moving around the world is vulnerable to attack, according to a security expert who has decoded data passed between satellites and devices via the Globalstar satellite network, he has said in a security report seen by Reuters and the BBC.
Joan Collins, the British actress who was made a dame in the Queen's New Year's Honours list, was not the first name that came to mind when I Googled Joan Collins on Tuesday morning to see if she was in the news for any political reasons.
A nest of Egyptian geese has been found in a nest box 20ft (6m) above a patch of brambles at a nature reserve in Nottinghamshire, the RSPB has said, with two goslings just two days old and still on the ground below.
Wales striker Sam Vokes has signed a new three-and-a-half-year contract with Burnley, which he hopes will help him earn a place at Euro 2016 with his country and earn him a place in the squad for the tournament in France this summer.
Surrey's Rory Burns hit a career-best 219 not out to help his side avoid the follow-on and draw with Hampshire at The Oval and keep their hopes of a top-six finish alive in the One-Day Cup in Division One alive on the final day.
The UK's biggest care home operator is expected to announce it will close up to half of its care homes in a bid to save its business, the BBC has learned from a key meeting of the company's landlords on Wednesday morning, which could lead to the loss of thousands of jobs.
The number of people in England being diagnosed with cancer within 62 days of being referred to a specialist has fallen to its lowest level in a year, new figures show, with charities warning that patients are being let down by the NHS in a "clear warning sign" of "huge strain" on the service.
Rising temperatures will have a devastating impact on the world's most common species of plants and animals, according to a new analysis of climate change data from more than 50,000 species of habitats around the world, but there is a way to limit the damage caused by climate change.
Gatwick Airport has reported record passenger numbers for the year to the end of August, helped by record air traffic movements and record shopping at its shopping centre and new long-haul flights to Turkey, Russia, Indonesia and the Middle East, helping to boost profits by more than 20%.
A former economy minister and two ex-cabinet ministers have been accused of misconduct in a report into the sale of public property by a council in Surrey, it has been claimed by a solicitor hired to investigate the authority's controversial asset management strategy, the BBC has learned.
The Football League has announced it will donate £250,000 to the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire to help those affected by the tragedy in the London borough of Kensington, Kensington and Chelsea, ahead of the Community Shield next month's FA Cup final.
More than 250 people have been killed in air strikes on rebel-held areas of the Syrian city of Aleppo, activists say, as fighting between government and rebel forces intensifies.The White House says it is "deeply concerned" by the "sickening" violence in the city.
The death of a man who was impaled in a lifting hoist at a Lincolnshire hospital was due to a series of failings in training, a court has been told as a trial began over a health and safety breach case against the trust at the centre of the case.
The Archbishop of Canterbury, Rowan Williams, has called for religious education to be made compulsory in secondary schools in England, in his Easter Sunday sermon at Canterbury Cathedral, saying it is the "worst possible moment" for the subject to be removed from the curriculum.
Two dogs have died in a house fire in Londonderry which was started accidentally by an oil tank, the fire service has said, and spread to five other terraced houses in the same street in a matter of minutes, it has been confirmed to the BBC.
An elected mayor could be appointed to run all services in Oxfordshire under plans being considered by the county council and district councils to devolve more powers to the county, it has been claimed by one of the authorities in a bid to save £100m over five years.
Barnsley have signed Torquay United midfielder Angus MacDonald on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is released by the end of the current season, with an option for a further year.
The Co-operative Group has warned that full-year profits are likely to be lower than previously forecast, due to increased investment in its funeral and convenience stores business and the Co-op Group's loss-making Bank of England unit, which went into administration last year.
Nato has stepped up its anti-submarine patrols off the coast of Britain and France as part of a new exercise involving warships and unmanned vehicles searching for submarines in the North Atlantic Ocean for the first time in more than a decade, as the BBC's James Reynolds reports from Portsmouth.
A US rocket carrying supplies to the International Space Station has exploded shortly after lifting off from a launch pad in Virginia, US officials have said, killing all five people on board and damaging the launch pad and its launch pad, but no-one else was hurt.
A woman accused of making a "firing sign" at BBC presenter Jeremy Vine as he cycled past her car has told a court she "could have hit him with the car" but was "so angry" she did not want to hit him, a court heard.
The asteroid that wiped out the dinosaurs was so powerful that it created a crater the size of Mount Everest in just a few seconds, according to a new study of the Chicxulub Crater off the coast of Mexico in the Gulf of Mexico, US scientists say.
A South African minister accused of assaulting a woman at a nightclub in Johannesburg has resigned from the cabinet.The president's office has accepted his resignation.Â£1.5m (1.2m rand; $1.4m) bail has been granted for his arrest.
Sean O'Donoghue and James McKee scored twice as Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the semi-finals of the Hockey World League 2 semi-final at Windsor Park in Belfast on Friday.The Republic of Ireland will face Wales in the last four of the tournament.
The number of seahorses in Bristol Bay has dropped to its lowest level in more than a decade, according to the Seahorse Trust and the Royal Yachting Association, which runs a research centre.Â£1m worth of research has been carried out to find out why the animals are disappearing.
The founder of India's famous rock garden in the northern city of Chandigarh, Chand Chand, has died at the age of 89, his son has said, a day after his death.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) art collection has gone on display in the city.
Sir Dave Brailsford has said he does not believe British Cycling's performance model is based on fear and fear-based motivation, rather than hard work and dedication."You can't get performance on a continuous basis through fear," says the cycling world governing body's chief executive.
The Department of Health in Northern Ireland is to issue new guidelines on abortion for the NHS in the light of a legal challenge by the Family Planning Association (FPA) last year, the BBC has learned from the BBC's News NI programme on Thursday.The document has a recommendation that a consultant psychiatrist should be involved where a mental health assessment is required.
Exam timetabling can be a tricky business, so it can be hard to predict when major sporting events such as the Olympics or the World Cup are taking place, but it can also be a challenge to get things right, says exam expert Andrew Harland, chief executive of the exam officers' Association.
Zinedine Zidane has been given permission to continue working as a coach at Real Madrid's reserve team, despite being banned from doing so for failing to have the necessary qualifications for the job.Â£1.5m has been paid to the club's reserve side.
A new road in Taunton has opened to traffic after delays of more than two years, according to Somerset County Council, which is in a legal dispute with the contractor over the cost of building the project and who should pay the extra £10m cost.
James Maddison is one of the best players in League One, according to Peterborough United boss Grant McCann, who has praised the midfielder's assist record this season.Â£1.5m move to the League One play-off hopefuls on loan from Newcastle United.
Police Scotland has said it remains committed to closing regional control rooms in Aberdeen, Dumfries and Glenrothes and Inverness as part of a shake-up of the way it handles 999 calls to the police in the Central Belt of Scotland and the Highlands and Islands.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic says he will not play for Sweden at the 2018 World Cup after his side were knocked out of Euro 2016 in the play-off round of the European Championship finals by Portugal."A World Cup without me is nothing to watch," said the Swede.
Burundi's prosecutor's office says it has identified the attackers who shot dead the country's former army chief of staff last week. However, the identity of some of those involved is still unknown, the office has said in a statement to the state broadcaster.
Modern Family star Sofia Vergara has been named the highest-paid actress of the past year, according to Forbes' annual list of the world's highest-earning female stars for the second year in a row, and the first time she has topped the list twice before.
Angry villagers in remote villages in Nepal have blocked roads in protest at a lack of aid for those affected by the devastating earthquake that killed more than 5,500 people and injured many more, officials say.The UN says it is "heartened" by the government's response, but urged it to step up its efforts.
Cuba has condemned US President Donald Trump's recent policy changes to relations with the country, accusing him of trying to re-instate a policy of "hostile rhetoric" that has been "roundly failed" over the past 55 years of US-Cuba relations.
David Tennant has admitted he "chicked out" of a line about the Daily Mail's "Legs-it" newspaper headline before the opening night of his latest stage role in a play that has been updated to reflect the "cynical" world of social media.
The US Secret Service needs a "top-to-bottom reassessment" of the way it guards President Barack Obama's White House, a government-commissioned review has concluded, after a series of security lapses that allowed an intruder to enter the building last year.
Gibraltar has said it is in talks with Scotland about the possibility of retaining access to the single market after Brexit, following the UK's vote to leave the European Union last week to vote for EU membership by 52% to 48% in a referendum on the issue.
Drivers for Arriva Trains Wales are to stage a second strike in less than a month, the union Aslef has announced, a year after the first in which 1,000 train drivers walked out in a dispute over pay and conditions in Wales.
Paraguay's President, Evo Morales, has announced he will not seek re-election for a second term in office in 2018, ending a political crisis that has paralysed the South American country for a month and led to deadly riots in the capital, Asuncion.
Russian President Vladimir Putin is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel for talks in Sochi, ahead of a G20 summit in Germany next month, the Kremlin has said, in a rare face-to-face meeting for the first time in more than two years.The two leaders are due to discuss the Ukraine crisis and Syria.
Islamic State (IS) militants have been driven out of the northern Syrian town of al-Rai, the last major stronghold of the jihadist group in the country, the Observatory for Human Rights has said, after a fierce battle between rebels and government forces.The jihadist group is reported to have lost control of the town.
The final round of the World Snooker Championship took place at the Crucible Theatre in London on Sunday, with Ronnie O'Sullivan winning 10-1, Barry Hawkins beating Barry Hawkins 6-4 and John Higgins beating Stuart Bingham 6-3 in a thrilling final.
The first minister has said he does not know what the NHS in Wales would look like by 2020 if Conservative plans to cut spending continue at the same level as Labour's plans for education and the education service in 2015."There will be hope" in 2015, he has said.
More than 100 people have been charged with stalking offences in Wales in the past five years, a charity has said.More than half of women murdered by their ex-partners had been stalked by them, it has revealed.A campaign is being launched to help people spot the signs of possible stalking.
China and India are set to account for more than a quarter of the world's young graduates by 2020, according to a new analysis of global growth forecasts for the coming decade - the first time they will account for as many young people as the United States and the European Union.
Every bank and building society worker in the UK is to be trained to spot the early signs that a customer is being conned out of money by fraudsters, the BBC has learned.Â£1.4m has already been stopped from leaving customer accounts as a result of a new scheme.
Residents in Ealing Central and Acton have been protesting against plans to build up to 1,000 new homes in the area over the next 10 years, ahead of the general election on 7 May 2015, calling for the local authority to do more to help them.
Six Welsh rugby union players have taken part in a recycling drive in Gwynedd as part of the Welsh Rugby Players' Association's (WRPA) annual National Recycling Day campaign in the area where they are based in Bridgend and Conwy county.
Flights at Belfast International Airport were delayed or diverted on Tuesday night due to "very bad weather conditions" at the city's main terminal, the airport has said, with gusts of up to 55mph (85km/h).Some passengers were stuck on planes for hours because of the conditions.
West Ham have agreed a deal to sign Mexico striker Javier Hernandez from Bayer Leverkusen for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal, BBC Radio Solent reports from the German club. Click here for all the latest transfer news and transfer news from the Premier League.
When Elizabethan playwrights came to London in the early 17th Century, the Globe was a place where they would have been able to experiment with the art of theatre, and with modern audiences, as much as they did with the plays they were performing.
Plans to expand the Liberty Stadium to 40,000 seats have moved a step closer after Swansea City Council said it is "open to the option" of a commercial deal with the American owners of the club expanding the stadium, the council leader has confirmed to BBC Wales.
Former Manchester United and QPR captain Rio Ferdinand has been charged by the Football Association after his side's 2-1 defeat by Tottenham at Loftus Road on Saturday.The FA has opened disciplinary proceedings against him following his dismissal from the match on Tuesday night's 1-1 draw.
Scarlets captain John Barclay says he has been reminded of his time at Glasgow Warriors, who won the Pro12 in 2012, as he prepares to lead the region to their first European Champions Cup final in almost a decade at the age of 30 - and hopes they can emulate his own side.
Relatives of those killed on Bloody Sunday in Londonderry have welcomed the news that a former soldier has been arrested in connection with the killings.The arrest of a man on suspicion of murder is a "giant step forward", one of the victims' brothers has said.
Chinese social media users have reacted with amusement and anger after a stowaway on a Chinese Airlines flight from Shanghai to Dubai was reported to be a beggar who was planning to spend a month in Dubai to earn a fortune, according to local media and state-run media.
Downgrading licence fee evasion to a civil offence would be a "huge risk" for the BBC, the BBC's director general has said, as he called for the move to be discussed in the next government's plans to renew the corporation's licence fee powers.
Plans for a new waste-fired power station have been given the go-ahead by the government, it has been announced, as part of plans to replace a coal-fired plant that is due to close in March 2016 with a new plant of its own.
On the eve of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two, BBC News looks at the sacrifices made by black West Indian servicemen and women who fought alongside the British in the war effort to defend the British Empire and create a lasting legacy for future generations.
England manager Sam Allardyce says the country may try to compete at the Olympics in the future after failing to qualify for the women's football team for the 2016 Games in Rio, despite a place in the men's team being earned by winning the Under-21 World Cup.
A project to boost numbers of one of the UK's rarest birds of prey has been hailed a success after it was hailed as a "pioneering" conservation project in Cambridgeshire and Lincolnshire by the RSPB and the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire.
Former Scottish Labour leaders have reacted angrily to the resignation of Scottish Labour leader Joanne Lamont, with one calling it "outrageous" and another saying it was "entirely the wrong way to go" for her to go in the wake of the row.
Japanese technology giant Softbank has agreed to buy UK chipmaker ARM Holdings for $20bn (£13.5bn) in cash and shares in a deal that values the company at more than £18bn.Â£7.56bn is set to be paid for the UK firm.
Edinburgh City are through to the second round of the Scottish League Cup after a 4-2 aggregate win over Cove.com Cup holders Albion Rovers.com Shrewsbury in the second leg of their play-off semi-final at McDiarmid Park.
One in eight workers in the UK is too ill to work before they even reach the state pension age, according to research by the TUC, which is calling for a delay in the rise in the pension age to 65.1.5 years from next year.
An NHS trust has said it is working with the fire service and construction firm Skanska to improve fire safety at a hospital after an internal investigation found "potential issues" with the building's "informal infrastructure" in the event of a fire.
A man has been charged in connection with a bomb attack on a police station in County Tyrone 20 years ago that killed two police officers and seriously injured two others, police have said in a police report to the Public Prosecution Service (PPS) on Tuesday.
A new set of stamps have been released to mark the 350th anniversary of the Great Fire of London, which destroyed large swathes of the city and led to the building of many of its most iconic landmarks, including St Paul's Cathedral and dozens of parish churches.
Thousands of customers of Carphone Warehouse have been affected by a "sophisticated" cyber-attack, the retailer has said, which may have led to the theft of their credit card details and potentially millions of pounds worth of personal data, it has warned.
A class has been held to celebrate the work of a former prisoner of war at an Isle of Man internment camp which led to the creation of the world's first Pilates method of exercise for people with learning disabilities and mental health problems in World War Two.
The trial of a mother and her partner accused of murdering toddler Liam Fee has been shown a video of the toddler lying on the floor of his bedroom in his pyjamas as they waited to be shown to the jury for the first time in its opening statement.
The NHS in England has already overspent its budget by more than £3.5bn this year, figures show - the biggest ever overspend in a single financial year for the health service, the BBC has learned from the latest official figures for the first time.
David Cameron's EU reform deal could lead to a "surge" in the number of migrants coming to the UK in the next 12 months, Eurosceptic MPs have warned, as a row rages over who will front the official campaign to leave the EU.
Cyclist Greg LeMond says Lance Armstrong should not be allowed to return to the sport after being banned for life for doping, saying the seven-time Tour de France winner is "not capable" of winning the race again and should be "jailed for life".
Malaysia has accused Switzerland of making "unprecedented" claims that billions of dollars may have been misappropriated from a state-linked investment fund, amid a multi-billion dollar fraud investigation by the Swiss authorities investigating the fund's alleged links to the government.
A Stormont official asked a senior civil servant to intervene in a row over the use of the word 'Derry' in a job advert in 1986, newly-released files have revealed.The issue of the name of the city council in Londonderry has been the subject of a long-running legal battle.
Veteran British actor Tony Valentine, best known for his roles in Colditz and Raffles, has died at the age of 83, his agent has said.The actor, who was married to the actress Susan Skipper, had been suffering from Parkinson's disease for several years.
Pitch Perfect 2 has topped the North American box office chart ahead of Mad Max: Fury Road, taking $100m (Â£77m) in its first weekend of release in the US and Canada.Â£65m is the biggest opening weekend of all time for a film in North America.
Microsoft has revealed that its next-generation Xbox console, codenamed Project Scorpio, will be more powerful than the Xbox One S and will be able to handle 4K resolution games at twice the speed of Sony's PS4 Pro and Xbox One Pro.
A UKIP parliamentary candidate has resigned after posting offensive comments on Facebook about US President Barack Obama and Nazi war criminal Adolf Eichmann, the party has said, citing health issues, the BBC has learned from the BBC.Â£2,000 worth of damage caused by the comments.
They're one of the most famous children's books of all time - The Roald Dahl Children's Club is celebrating its 100th birthday this year, with the launch of a new series on BBC One's Children's TV. Click here to see the full story.
Pret A Manger has said it will pay 16-18-year-olds who take part in its work experience week after criticism that it would be unpaid and would be "not about making sandwiches for free" - but will still give them free food.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson says the club's new owners have "technically saved" the National League club, but need to gain the trust of the fans to continue in the club, following their takeover by a non-league company."They have got a lot to prove."
KJ Orr has won the BBC National Short Story Award for her debut short story Disappearances, beating Hilary Mantel, Claire-Louise Bennett and Tahmima Anam to the prize.Â£15,000 in prize money has been awarded to the writer.
The deadly shark attacks off the coast of Sharm el-Sheikh, Egypt, over the past few days have raised questions about the behaviour of sharks in the Red Sea, and what could have caused them to attack people in such a small, shallow area of water.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Dundee, Police Scotland have said in a new appeal for information.Â£10,000 has been raised for the family of a woman who died following a crash in the city.
A vigil has been held in Edinburgh for the victims of the Nepal earthquake in a bid to raise funds for those affected by the disaster in the country and the relief effort to help those affected in the capital, Kathmandu, and other parts of the country.
Hundreds of farmers have attended a rally at the Scottish government's headquarters in Holyrood to call for urgent action to support Scotland's farming sector and the food chain in the wake of delays to EU payments to help them cope with the impact of climate change and the Brexit vote.
Alastair Cook has had a lot of people asking him about his form in the last two and a half years, but he has finally been able to answer some of the questions he has been asked about his batting for the past few months or even more than that.
The UK's outgoing commander in Afghanistan has warned against falling into the trap of "playing the Taliban's game" after a series of attacks by the insurgents in the country in the past month, including one on a US military base and a South African charity office.
If you are caught in a thunderstorm, take cover inside or in a car with the windows closed, as thunder and lightning can strike at any time of day or night - here are some tips for those who are planning to be caught up in a storm.
Lotus has been given more time to complete a £1.4m payment to HM Revenue and Customs (HMRC) after a winding-up petition against the Formula 1 team was adjourned until 21 December.Â£1.2m of unpaid tax debts will be paid by the end of the year.
Northamptonshire and Sussex were forced to settle for a draw after rain washed out the final day of their Division Two match at The Oval match at Hove because of a washed out play-off second innings at the end of day one at the County Ground.
England captain Sean O'Loughlin says rugby league is no longer a "patriotic" sport, and that Wayne Bennett's appointment as head coach is "pushing our sport forward" in the country's national game for the first time since World War Two.
Chelsea Ladies made it two wins from two in the Women's Super League One Spring Series with a comfortable 6-0 victory over Yeovil Town Hall rivals Chelsea Ladies, while Arsenal Ladies were held to a 1-1 draw by Sunderland Ladies at the Emirates Stadium.
A former Jersey politician sexually abused a young boy at a Jersey care home in the 1960s and 1970s, an inquiry has been told by a police officer.Â£10,000 was paid to a member of staff for the abuse, it has been claimed.
A County Tyrone woman who was shot in the head in Africa has said she hopes to return to the country to help a man who was wrongly accused of involvement in the attack in 2011.Â£10,000 has been donated to her by two of her family members.
It was 30 years ago this week that a 15-stone former Fijian rugby player from Vanua Balavu, Viliame Matavesi, came to the UK to work as a tin miner in Cornwall's South Crofty coal mine, where he played rugby union for the local club.
Police are investigating the deaths of a man and a woman at a house in Kilmarnock where they were found dead with stab wounds to the chest.The deaths are being treated as "unexplained", the force has said in a statement.Â£10,000 of police funding has been made available.
An 18-year-old man from Lancashire has appeared in court charged with encouraging support for the so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria and providing support for a terrorist organisation.â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.2m) of funds to fund terrorism, it has emerged.
Bookmakers have been accused of using "the gods of the betting shop" to encourage people to gamble on fixed-odds betting terminals (FOBTs), the Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned.The BBC has been told that managers at one of the UK's biggest bookmakers, Coral, felt pressure to "smash their targets" on machines.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former York City and Southend United defender James Straker on a deal until the end of the season, with an option for a further 12 months if he is released by his current contract expires on 1 July.
A property in Carmarthenshire has been searched by police investigating the Westminster terror attack, the BBC has learned, but no-one has been arrested or charged.The occupants are "not suspects", Dyfed-Powys Police has said, after assisting the Metropolitan Police.
The attack on the Erawan Shrine in the Thai capital, Bangkok, has been described as one of the worst terrorist attacks in the country's history, but the scale of the attack and the level of security in the area has left many wondering if this is the beginning of the end for Thailand's political stability.
A West Midlands Police officer who sexually assaulted two women has been jailed for four years.The force's chief constable has described the case as "one of the worst violations of policing integrity I've ever seen".Â£10,000 has been awarded in damages to one of the victims.
Boris Johnson has been filmed giving his wife a "backie" as he rode her home on the back of his bike, in breach of the law, it has been claimed by a cycling charity which says it would never encourage cyclists to break the law.
Police in Northern Ireland have said they are investigating a number of cases of blackmail where men have been tricked into performing sex acts online and forced to pay money to cover up the footage and stop it being posted online for fear of being blackmailed by organised crime gangs.
Former Chancellor of the Exchef, George Osborne, has been back on BBC Radio 4's Today programme to talk about the state of the UK's finances, and he's back again this time with a very different topic in his latest edition of his weekly economics chat.
A rare sea turtle that washed up on a Pembrokeshire beach has made a "remarkable" recovery after being found "comatose" and struggling to breathe, a zoo has said.Â£10,000 worth of food and water have been donated to help the reptile.
Erhun Oztumer scored twice as Walsall beat Swindon at the County Ground to move into the League One play-off places with a win that moves them up to third place in the table with three games remaining in the season.Â£1.5m win over the Robins was the Saddlers' sixth in a row.
A network of CCTV cameras in three Denbighshire towns is to be handed over to a Cheshire council to help tackle crime and disorder in the area for the first time in more than a decade.Â£80,000 is being sought for a replacement for the current network.
South Sudan booked their place in the next round of the African Nations Championship (CHAN) qualifiers with a 2-0 win over Mozambique in the second leg of their final group game in Malawi on Sunday.Malawi lost 1-0 to Madagascar while Mauritius and Mauritius also made it through.
Iran's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei has said the nuclear deal with the US will not change his country's policy towards the "arrogant" US, regardless of whether it is approved or disapproved by the country's MPs or the US-led group.
The dean of the University of Pennsylvania's architecture school has resigned in protest at a new Texas law that will allow guns to be banned on campus without a university's consent, reports the Washington Post newspaper and US news website Fox News, saying he did not want to be responsible for enforcing it.
UKIP leadership hopeful Steven Woolfe has been excluded from the final ballot in the contest to replace Nigel Farage.Three party members have resigned from the ruling body, accusing it of obstructing its own members' interests and "truly injurious" to the party.
League One side Walsall have signed Crewe Alexandra Palace midfielder Jon Taylor on a two-year contract for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a further year at the League One club if he turns down a new deal.
A Dumfries and Galloway teacher has been struck off after admitting downloading more than 1,000 indecent images of children over a 10-year period, it has been revealed in the High Court in Dumfriesshire earlier this year, and has been found unfit to teach.
A police officer who liked "highly offensive" posts on Facebook about the Muslim faith has had his licence to carry a gun revoked.A judge has ruled he was "ignorant" about the subject, but not a danger to the public.Â£2,000 worth of Facebook posts were not to blame for the decision.
American weightlifter Artur Vardanian has become the latest athlete to be provisionally suspended for failing a retest of his Olympic sample after failing a drugs test at the London 2012 Games in 2012, the World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) has announced.
Cardiff City striker Anthony Pilkington says the Bluebirds are capable of reaching the Championship play-offs this season, but admits it will be a "tough" campaign for the club this term in his first full season in the top flight of English football.
The parents of a woman who was stabbed to death by a soldier have told of the moment they found out their daughter had been murdered by the man who had stalked her for more than a year.Â£10,000 in a bid to warn others about the dangers of stalking.
Lord Strathclyde, the Conservative leader of the House of Lords, has announced he is to step down from the Upper House after more than a quarter of a century in the role.The peer has said he is leaving because he wants to "take up other threads of his life".
About 50 jobs have been lost at a sandwich shop in Londonderry following the collapse of the company that owns the business, it has been confirmed to the BBC's Business World.com website on Monday morning, with the loss of up to 50 jobs at the firm.
The chief executive of Dentsu, the Japanese advertising firm at the centre of an investigation into the death of a worker who took her own life, has said he will step down after a year of "overwork" left her with a severe case of depression.
A man killed his wife by setting her on fire in their Essex home before going on a dog walk with the family dog, a court has heard, before turning on a gas hob and calling 999 to say she was "burned" and "not breathing" in the kitchen.
At least four Afghan soldiers have been killed in a suicide attack on an army bus in the capital, Kabul, officials say.The Taliban have said they carried out the attack, hours after a US-brokered deal to keep US troops in Afghanistan came into effect.
A public consultation on the UK government's plans for a new nuclear waste site has been held in the Scottish Borders.Â£1.5m of public money is to be used to help decide the final location for the UK's next site, it has been announced.
Google's chairman, Eric Schmidt, has said he is "puzzled" by criticism of the company's tax arrangements in the UK, saying it is not "not optional" for companies to pay tax in the country where they do business to do so.
Mozambique, a former Portuguese colony, declared itself free of landmines and declared independence from Portugal in 1975 after decades of civil war, is now one of the world's most stable countries with a multi-party system of government and a strong economy.
A re-enactor who threw axes at a Maid Marian during a show in Nottingham is getting married to his childhood sweetheart after a "chat-up line" turned into a marriage proposal, it has been revealed to the couple's friends and family who helped him find her.
Oldham Athletic boosted their League One survival hopes with victory over Southend United thanks to a second-half strike from James Main, who scored his first goal for the Latics since returning from a spell on loan at Colchester United in January.Â£3,000 of cash was spent on the game.
Australia's government has blocked the sale of one of the country's most important agricultural assets to foreign investors, in a move that could mark a turning point in the nation's long-running cattle farming history, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in Adelaide.ÂÂ©
Bradford missed the chance to go top of League One as they were held to a draw at home by Shrewsbury, who remain without a league win this season.Â£1m in the balance of play-off places.Â© BBC Radio Berkshire.
Prince Harry has visited a remote community in the Amazon rainforest on the last day of his tour of Guyana, where he was given a tour of the country's indigenous culture and history by its people.Â£1m worth of gifts for Prince Harry included traditional clothing and gifts for the local children.
A man has been shot in the leg near a primary school in Newtownabbey, County Antrim, in what police have described as a "foolhardy" act of attempted murder on Friday afternoon, in which a child was among the victims and two adults were injured.
The trial of a man accused of masterminding one of the bloodiest massacres in the history of the Philippines has been taking place in the capital, Manila, for the first time since the end of martial law in the Philippines in the late 1970s, when martial law came to an end.
I am a bit baffled by what I see as the Greek government's latest attempt at a last-ditch attempt to secure a bailout deal with its creditors, writes the BBC's economics correspondent, George Monbiot, who has just obtained a copy of the document it is trying to hammer out.
London Underground (LU) drivers have voted to accept an above-inflation pay and conditions offer from the union Aslef, paving the way for a Night Tube service in the capital next year.Maintenance workers have rejected a new deal, the RMT union said.
The former chairman of Swansea City Football Club has died at the age of 89.The club has paid tribute to him after he was awarded an MBE in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for services to football and the economy in the city and the wider Swansea area.
Hearts have signed former Motherwell goalkeeper Lee Hollis on a deal until the end of the season after Neil Alexander and Stephen Gallacher were ruled out for the rest of the campaign through injury."Experienced" goalkeeper Lee Gallacher has joined the club as cover for the injured Neil Alexander.
Bradford Bulls have been placed in administration by administrators at the end of last month, with the club expected to return to the Super League in January, reports BBC Radio Manchester.Â£1.5m has been offered for the relegated Super League club by a Chinese consortium.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan has been named by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) after his body was returned to the UK following a second tour of duty in the conflict-ravaged country earlier this month, it has been confirmed to be a British serviceman.
Firefighters have tackled more than 300 acres of wild fires in the Highlands and Islands since the start of May, it has been revealed by the Scottish government's rural fire management body (HIFRS) and the fire service's own figures for the same period of time.
The Duchess of Cambridge has been named as the most powerful woman in the UK, with the BBC's Woman's Hour naming her at sixth in a list of the most influential women in the country for the first time ever compiled by a panel of female journalists, writers and broadcasters.
Ronnie O'Sullivan beat Jimmy White to reach the second round of the Scottish Open, while John Higgins also won his first match at the event in Glasgow.Neil Robertson, Stephen Hendry and Neil Robertson were among the winners on day one of the tournament at Scotstoun.
Prince Harry has said he is "fired up and energised" to make a difference in the world after the death of his mother, Princess Diana, at the age of five."I always felt like I needed to make something of my life," he has said.
A planned strike by Tower Transit workers in London has been called off after the union Unite said it received "unacceptable" support for the action on Friday, the union has said in a letter to the Transport for London (TfL) and the government.
A US judge has lifted a ban on sales of Samsung's Galaxy Tab 10.1 in the US in a patent dispute with Apple, the tech giant has said in a filing to the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) in New York on Tuesday night (00:00 GMT Wednesday).
Wakefield Trinity have signed Newcastle Knights full-back Tyler Matty on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal if the player impresses during the 2017-18 Super League campaign, with a view to a permanent move to Wakefield Trinity.
Saudi Arabia's richest man, Prince Alwaleed bin Talal, has agreed to invest $100m (Â£66m) in Twitter, the social network's parent company, in a deal that values the company at $8.5bn.
More than half of UK sportswomen do not think there is enough support for women in high-performance sports, according to a survey by UK Sport and BBC Sport Sport Sport for Women's Sport Week 2014 and the Sport Minister Tracey Crouch has urged people to come forward.
Dr Who fans are being urged to buy back their favourite Dr Who props after a collection of Dr Who memorabilia was discovered by a man in his garden shed in Hertfordshire, who is selling it at auction on Monday.Â£10,000.00.
Sports Direct owner Mike Ashley can continue to sue Rangers over the club's decision to end a merchandising deal with him, a High Court judge has ruled after hearing arguments in a long-running legal battle between the two parties and the club over the issue.
A former member of a body set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland has criticised the government's "Fresh Start" deal with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) and Sinn Féin for failing to include any agreement on the legacy of the Troubles.
Firefighters have rescued 17 people from a fire at a block of flats in Glasgow, which led to the evacuation of about 25 to 30 people from the building.Four people have been treated for smoke inhalation and minor injuries, the fire service has said.The cause of the blaze remains under investigation.
The first Boeing 787 Dreamliner to be flown in Africa since it was grounded in January has taken off from Addis Ababa, the country's capital, and landed in the capital, Nairobi, the BBC has learned from an Ethiopian Airlines passenger jet which was the first to take to the skies.
US TV series Homeland has been criticised by graffiti artists who say they were asked to write anti-US messages on the set of an episode to protest against the show's depiction of the Middle East and its depiction of Lebanon and the rest of the region in the first series.
Sprinter Sacre, one of the most successful racehorses of all time, has been retired from racing after a career that spanned four years."It's not fair for the team more than anything," said his trainer Nicky Henderson after the horse's retirement.
A pilot's union has lodged an appeal against a High Court ruling that cockpit data from a helicopter crash in which four people died should be handed over to the Crown Office and Police Scotland for further investigation into the cause of the tragedy.Â£1.5m worth of data is to be released to the public.
It was a rare opportunity for the North East's Conservative MPs to tell the rest of the party how they feel about the future of devolution in the wake of the Scottish independence referendum - and it was a chance for them to tell Prime Minister David Cameron about their concerns.
A spate of drug-related deaths and medical emergencies in south Wales could be linked to the same batch of heroin, police have said, as they urge people to be "particularly cautious and vigilant" in the wake of the deaths.Â£10,000 worth of the drug has been seized in the region.
Domino's Australia has agreed to buy Joey's Pizza in Germany in a deal that will create the world's biggest pizza chain franchisee and create a new joint venture with the UK-based Domino's Pizza Group, which already operates in Germany and other European countries.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of Rhondda Cynon Taff man David Jones.Police have made a fresh appeal for information after a bus was caught up in a police stand-off in Gwynedd on Friday afternoon.
A man has been charged with the rape of a boy in Whitehaven more than 15 years ago, it has been reported to Cumbria Police Service of Appeal (CPSA) and the procurator fiscal (PFA) in the county's chief constable.
A former Venezuelan football official has pleaded guilty in a US court as part of a major investigation into corruption at world football's governing body Fifa, which has been under US supervision for more than a year and led to the arrest of several high-ranking officials in Switzerland.
It's been an eventful week in the US presidential election campaign, with Donald Trump's "lock her up" comments, Hillary Clinton's emails, and a parade of sexual assault allegations against Bill Clinton - but what about the rest of the campaign's other controversies?
MPs have heard from three women who had relationships with undercover police officers who posed as police officers to gain access to their personal details and to spy on them for up to six years, some of which were based on false allegations of child abuse and child abuse.
A British man who faked his own death to cover up his activities in Syria has been convicted of terrorism offences at the Old Bailey in London - but how did he end up on the front line of the conflict and why did MI5 wait so long for him to return home?
Two people have been arrested on suspicion of murdering a man whose body was found at a disused railway tunnel in the Peak District, South Yorkshire Police have said in a press release on Monday.Â£20,000 has been raised in a bid to find his killer.
Theresa May will find herself in the midst of one of the most tense moments of her career when she heads to the Conservative Party's annual meeting of the 1922 committee of MPs on Wednesday night, to discuss the future of her leadership of the party, and how to deal with the fallout from the election.
What is the Football Association and how does it run itself, and what do the government want it to do about the way it is run, and how can it be better for the game in England and for the future of the country's national football team and the game itself?
Theresa May's manifesto for the general election has been described as "long on ambition and short on detail" by Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn as she set out her plans for a Conservative government in the House of Commons in her first speech to the party conference in Brighton.
Bangladesh beat England by nine wickets in the second Test in Chittagong to win the series for the first time in their history and end a run of three defeats in Test cricket in the country by beating the tourists in a dramatic finish to the five-match series.
The European Environment Agency (EEA) has warned that climate change is having a "very strong signal" effect on human health, the environment and the economy in the EU, as well as on the cost of damage caused by extreme weather events and sea-level rise.
Newport Gwent Dragons scrum-half Matthew Pewtner has been forced to retire from rugby because of a head injury, the region have announced.Â£20,000-a-year player has been released by the Welsh region by mutual consent.
Former professional wrestler Dusty Rhodes has died at the age of 74, his family has confirmed to the Associated Press, following his death on Monday night in Los Angeles, US media report.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in lifetime earnings.
The UK's agri-food industry is worth more than £1bn a year to the Scottish economy, according to the latest figures from the Confederation of British Industry (CBI) and the Scottish Farmers' Association (SFA) - the body representing more than 200,000 farmers.
GPs in England are being paid to reduce the number of patients referred to hospital for hospital treatment, a BBC investigation has found, amid concerns they may be in breach of their duty of care to patients and their local health service providers, doctors' leaders have said.
West Ham defender Diafra Sakho has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury suffered in training in the build-up to the start of pre-season training in July.Â£10m signing Sofiane Feghouli will not be ready to play for the club in time for the new campaign.
Jeremy Clarkson's Top Gear co-presenter Richard Hammond Yentob has said he is considering quitting the BBC show, following the presenter's suspension from the BBC's current series over a "fracas" with a Top Gear producer."I wouldn't rule it out," he told the BBC.
Bus users have expressed concern that Bristol could be left with no operator for the city's new express bus network after a deal to run it was put on hold for a second time in less than a year, BBC Radio Bristol has been told by the project's developers.
Paralympic shot putter Liam Davies has set a new personal best of 15.98m at the Phoenix Grand Prix in Arizona, setting a new British record for the event.Â£10,000 prize money is to be shared with his agent.
The first thing she remembers about the crash that ended her hopes of Olympic gold in the women's road race in Rio is a sharp turn of the wheel, a sharp bend in the road, a sudden drop in speed and a sudden, deafening crash that knocked her out.
Daido Makiura, a 20-year-old entrepreneur from Tokyo, travelled to Rwanda in 2011 to visit schools in the country's capital, Kinyarwanda, where he was inspired by the quality of education he had seen in his first year in Rwanda.
Sheffield United have released midfielder Luke Baxter following his ban from all football-related activity for a year-and-a-half after his release by the League One club on Tuesday.The Blades have also released nine players, including seven players on the transfer list.
The Bank of England's Funding for Lending Scheme (FLS) - designed to allow banks and building societies to borrow cheap money from the government - is due to come to an end on Friday.Â£1.5bn has been released to commercial banks in the first quarter of 2014.
A Canadian woman has won C$1m (Â£800,000; $1.1m) on a lottery ticket she bought at a convenience store, only to discover she had bought the wrong one when she returned home to tell her family about the huge prize.
Three gay couples have lost their legal challenge to the ban on same-sex marriage in Northern Ireland at the High Court in London on Wednesday, in a ruling that the ban is not a breach of human rights law, but is based on the law.The Court of Appeal has ruled that it is not for the courts to decide.
A ram has been chosen as the new mascot for the Army after the death of its predecessor, Lance Corporal Derby XXXI, who was killed in a car crash last year.The new soldier will take up his duties in July.Â£1,000 a year will be paid to the animal, it has been announced.
Forest Green Rovers extended their unbeaten run to five games with victory over Halifax Town, thanks to goals from Josh Parkin and Josh Frear at the Kassam Stadium, who both scored their first goals of the season for the club.Â£10,000-rated Cheltenham Town remain in the National League play-off places.
A man has been charged with possessing an offensive weapon after being arrested in Kidderminster, Worcestershire, on suspicion of attempted murder and possession of a knife and an axe with intent to commit a public order offence, police have said in a statement.
Peter Kennaugh has won stage five of the Tour of Britain for the fourth time in five days to take the overall lead at the end of the three-day event in London."It was the perfect end to a perfect week," Team Sky's director of cycling Dan Frost said.
Eilish McColgan says she is "slowly turning into The Terminator" as she bids to secure a place in the Great Britain team for this summer's Olympics in Rio by qualifying for the 5,000m at the British Championships in Birmingham on Sunday.
Edinburgh prop Alasdair Dickinson believes his side must win all their remaining Pro12 games if they are to have any chance of a play-off place."We have to win every game if we want to get a shout of the play-offs," says the Scotland international.
The brother-in-law of one of the 7/7/7 attackers has been described as a "coward" and a "hippy Muslim" in an interview with the BBC's Nafis Patel, who was born and raised in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
The dab is one of the most famous dance moves in the world of hip-hop, and it's a staple of any dance party in any nightclub or on the streets of any city or city in any part of the world, but in the Republic of Ireland it's not so much the rage as the rage.
Scottish Power is launching a new way of buying energy that will allow customers to buy their gas and electricity by the day, rather than by the kilowatt or by kilowatts, the company has said in a bid to simplify the energy bill for consumers.
US Senator John McCain has travelled to Syria for the first time since returning to the US from a visit to the country earlier this month, his spokesman has said, after meeting rebel leaders there and meeting Syrian government forces fighting against President Bashar al-Assad's forces.
British number one Johanna Konta is through to the last eight of the Wimbledon women's singles thanks to a 6-4 6-2 win over American teenager Frances Tiafoe. Click here for all the latest Wimbledon 2017 team news and team news.
A teenage goalkeeper from West Lothian who had been battling cancer for six months has died, his mother has said.Â£100,000 has been raised for charity after his death was confirmed.Â© Jak Trueman.com.ÂÂ© Jackie Tatham.
Former First Minister Margaret Thatcher is to appear at this year's Cheltenham Literature Festival, it has been announced, as part of the line-up for the event's gala dinner in the city centre later this month, BBC Cymru has announced.
A campaign has been launched to encourage families in the Highlands to model "sensible drinking" in a bid to reduce the number of underage drinkers in the region, according to a report by an alcohol and drugs partnership for the region.Almost three quarters of young people have drunk alcohol by the time they turn 15.
Iraqi forces trying to recapture the city of Mosul from so-called Islamic State (IS) are facing heavy cloud cover as they advance towards the centre of the battle for the city, the military has said, as the battle enters its third week in the city.
China's environment minister has called for a radical rethink of the way the country's economy is developed, saying it must adapt to deal with the damage caused by decades of high levels of pollution and over-exploitation of natural resources to meet its growing needs.
A cat named Pietro has been rescued from the rubble of an earthquake-hit house in Chile, South America, after being trapped in the rubble for more than a week.Â£1,000 worth of cat food has been donated by a local animal charity.
European press commentators have been reacting to the election of left-wing parties in France and Greece, with French President Francois Hollande expected to take office next week."The euro is shaking again after the chaos-election in Greece," says one headline in the German newspaper Bild.
Archaeologists are hoping to find the remains of King Henry I in the grounds of the abbey where he was buried in 1136, the year he died in Normandy in the early 11th Century.Â£500,000 of lottery funding has been secured for a project to excavate the site.
Former Python star Terry Jones has been honoured at the Wales' Bafta TV awards, which honour the achievements of Welsh television and film makers, at a ceremony attended by more than 2,000 people in Cardiff on Sunday night, including his son Bill Jones, who has been diagnosed with dementia.
The Football Federation of Mexico (FMF) has been fined $10,000 (£6,000) by Fifa for homophobic chanting by some of its supporters during a World Cup warm-up match on Saturday.Â£5,000 fine could be imposed on the country's national team if it continues.
The war in Syria has claimed the lives of more than a quarter of a million people since the start of the uprising against President Bashar al-Assad in 2011, and left the country's antiquities in ruins and ruins in tatters around the world.Â£1.5bn worth of art has been stolen from the country.
Mae'r grŵp wedi'i sefydlu'r broses yn y Swyddfa Gartref yn cael ei gadw 'nôl a gwylio pobl yn dioddef' i'r ffoaduriaid yng Nghymru yn Sir Benfro.
Roger Federer says he would be "happy" to play Rafael Nadal in the US Open quarter-finals, if the Spaniard reached the last eight at Flushing Meadows for the first time in the tournament's 100-year history in New York this year.
US private equity firm KKR has raised its bid for Australian wine-maker TWE Group, in a move that could see the firm's shares rise as much as 11% after the company's board rejected the earlier offer from the US private equity group.Â£1.2bn (US$1.4bn)
A late Craig O'Flynn goal rescued a point for 10-man Crusaders as Coleraine came from behind to earn a draw at the Brandywell in the Irish Premiership on Saturday night in a game that saw both sides finish with 10 men.
A Norwegian team of scientists has suggested that a famous painting by one of the world's most famous artists could have been inspired by clouds that formed in the sky above it, as well as volcanic eruptions in Indonesia in 1892 and the Krakatoa eruption in 1991.
How do you feel about cold calls and the tactics used by telemarketers to trick people into thinking they are a potential customer or a potential nuisance to get them to do something for free - and how do you know if you have been affected by cold calls?
Max Chilton said he thought of former team-mate Sebastien Bianchi "every five or 10 laps" as he took victory in the Indy Lights race in memory of the former Formula 1 world champion in the wake of his death at the age of 25.
A mobile game designed to help dementia sufferers is being developed by scientists at the University of Bristol.Researchers are hoping it will help them better understand how the condition affects the way people deal with the internet and the world around them in real-time, writes BBC News.
The family of an RAF serviceman who has been missing for more than a week have said they are struggling to cope with the uncertainty over his whereabouts.CCTV images of a missing airman have been released to help in the search for the missing serviceman.
Thousands of Sports Direct workers have taken part in a protest against the retailer's use of zero-hour contracts for some of its casual staff.Sports Direct has defended its use of such contracts, saying claims they are "unfounded and inaccurate" and "entirely inaccurate".
All patients in areas with high rates of HIV should be offered a blood test on admission to hospital in areas such as Lambeth, according to new NHS guidance, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has been told by NHS England and the Elton John Aids Foundation.
"He's a retail novice with a chequered background, he's got no experience of running a business and he doesn't know how to do it properly." - Dominic Chappell, the man who bought BHS from Sir Philip Green for £1.2bn.
Road safety experts are calling for a change in the law to make it mandatory for haulage companies to test all their drivers for illegal drugs, after a BBC investigation found a significant number of drivers tested positive for drugs in the UK's haulage industry, including some taking ecstasy, cannabis and speed.
The withdrawal of the last remaining rebels from al-Wair, the last rebel-held town in Syria, has been described as a "victory" for the Syrian government - but what does this mean for the rest of the country's conflict?It's been a year since the UK voted to withdraw its military support for the UK-led coalition in Syria.
The town of Mashkel in Balochistan province is one of the most remote and remote places in the country, and it was the scene of a devastating earthquake that killed more than 6,000 people and injured more than 100,000 on Monday night and left many more injured.
A Saudi court has begun the trial of 32 people accused of spying for Iran, including prominent members of the country's Shia Muslim community, media reports say, amid a diplomatic row between the two countries' two largest regional powers over Iran's role in the Middle East.
League One side Scunthorpe United have signed Leicester City defender Ben Watson on loan until the end of the season.Â£10,000 has been paid to the Championship club for the remainder of the Tigers' loan spell at Grimsby Town, reports BBC Radio Solent.
A man has become the first Briton to paddle the length of the longest river in the world, after surviving crocodiles on a stretch of the River Mahaweli in south-west Sri Lanka on a paddle board for more than a year.Â£10,000 worth of crocodiles.
Australia's Speaker of the House of Representatives, Peter Slipper, has resigned in a row over sexual harassment allegations that could damage Prime Minister Julia Gillard's leadership of the nation's parliament.Â£1bn-a-year parliamentary majority is under threat after his resignation.
Belfast is enjoying a boom in international tourism, thanks to a surge in the number of cruise ships sailing into the city.So what is the key to the success of the city's cruise ship industry and why are so many people flocking to Northern Ireland to visit?
TomSka is one of the most popular vloggers on YouTube, with more than three million followers on the site and millions more watching his videos on a daily basis, but he says he has been "caught out" for not being honest enough with his audience.
The boss of Redrow, one of the UK's biggest housebuilders, has hit back at claims that the housing market is "broken" after the government's housing White Paper said it would be "impossible" to get on site to build new homes without planning permission.
England full-back James Hall says it will take a "day or two" for his side to get over their opening Six Nations defeat by Australia."We have to focus on the positives" and not dwell on the "bad things" that happened on Saturday, says the match-winner.
When Laura Robson arrived at New York's John Fitch airport on Saturday morning, she was on her way to the airport with her friends for a few days of holiday in the US with her mother and sister, who had flown in from Florida.She spent the day in the sun, sunbathing in the sunshine, playing tennis.
A police officer has been charged with three counts of perverting the course of justice following an investigation into the death of a man who was stabbed in Southampton on Christmas Eve, Hampshire Police has said in a press release on its Facebook page on Christmas Day and the day after the attack.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach on a two-year deal, with the Scot hoping to lead the club back to the top of the Scottish Championship in the summer of 2017-18 following their relegation to the Championship last season.
Ireland coach Jim Simmons has been offered the job of head coach of the West Indies, BBC Sport has been told by the Irish cricket board.Â£1.5m is at stake if he accepts the vacant position in the Caribbean nation's cricket team.Â© BBC Sport
A Lincolnshire town is set to become the first in the UK to open a centre dedicated to the Civil War after it was awarded a £1m Heritage Lottery Fund grant to help with the cost of its £2.4m redevelopment.Â£1.5m of lottery funding has been approved.
League Two side Colchester United have signed Huddersfield Town's England Under-19 international teenager Jordan Ayew on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a more permanent move if he impresses on his return to the Terriers in the summer.
Laura Muir's 5,000m British indoor record is set to be ratified by British Athletics, despite concerns it may not have been a genuine race, says five-time Olympic gold medallist Eilish McColgan, who ran it 25 years ago.
Five former Argentine intelligence officers have gone on trial in Buenos Aires, accused of running a secret detention centre that held hundreds of political prisoners in the 1970s and 80s, including the son of a poet and the wife of a famous Argentine poet, Marcelo Gelman.
England captain Alastair Cook says Australia are still favourites to win the Ashes despite his side's 2-0 win in the first Test in Cardiff, despite being underdogs in the five-match series for the first time in four years in 2013-14.
Plans to demolish a Grade II-listed building in Cardiff city centre and build flats have been given the go-ahead by the city's planning committee, despite opposition from the Victorian Society, which said it would cause "unjustified harm" to the building.
More than 200 new minerals have been discovered by humans in the last few thousand years, according to US scientists.The discovery of these minerals is further evidence that Earth has entered a new geological age, dubbed the Anthropocene, they report in the International Mineralogical Association (IMA).
A 17-year-old Malaysian boy has undergone surgery to remove a parasitic twin that had been growing inside his body for more than a decade.The boy's mother has said she accepted his fate, according to local media reports in the state of Kedah (formerly Selangor).
Scotland will have a record-equalling 13 athletes competing at the 2017 World Championships in London after being selected for the first time by British Athletics and the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) and the British Athletics Federation (BASF) for the event.
A threat of a gun attack on a school in Lancashire is being investigated by police after an online post claimed a gunman was planning to target the school, it has emerged in the local paper, the BBC has been told by the school's head teacher.
Australian police say they are investigating seven Melbourne women suspected of trying to join Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq and Syria, in what could be the first such case of its kind in the country's first anti-radicalisation task force in more than a decade.
Mark Stoneman's maiden first-class century helped Warwickshire to a five-wicket win over Durham at Edgbaston as they sealed their first County Championship Division One victory of the season with three wickets in the final over of the match.
A vote to leave the European Union would have a "relatively small" impact on the UK economy, according to a report by the credit ratings agency Moody's for the City of London and other UK financial services firms and property prices, which would not see "significant" falls.
David Warner's presence on the Ashes tour of England would be a huge boost to England's preparations for the first Test against Australia at Trent Bridge on 10 July, and it would give the players an opportunity to prove that they are fully committed to winning the Ashes.
The Welsh government has been given £5m to cover compensation payments to retired firefighters and police officers affected by a pensions mix-up, it has been announced in the Welsh government's Spending Review Order (WRO).Â£1.5m is to be used to cover the cost of the compensation.
Scientists at the University of York say they have discovered how cancer cells can break free from their moorings and travel around freely in a similar way to the way a tent does with a mosquito net in a mosquito trap, allowing them to move around the body.
British number two Aljaz Bedene beat Pablo Carreno Busta in five sets to reach the French Open third round, where he will face world number one Novak Djokovic in the last 16 on Thursday night on the Philippe Chatrier court.
The US has appointed a new ambassador to Cuba, the first since a thaw in relations between the US and Cuba was restored in December 2014 after more than 50 years of estrangement, the White House has said in a press conference in Washington DC on Wednesday.
Luton Town eased to victory over Bristol City at Kenilworth Road to move into the League Two play-off places and end the hosts' unbeaten start to the season.Aston Villa loanee Jack Marriott scored twice as the Hatters beat the Sky Bet League One side.
The Oculus Rift is one of the most talked about products of the year so far, and now it's going on sale in the UK for the first time in the country, in the hope that it will be a hit with gamers too. Click here to find out more about it.
Qatar is the richest country in the world, but it is also the world's most water-poor and food-poor, according to one of the country's top food security experts, who is warning that the country could face a future in which its water supplies are cut off and it cannot feed itself.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani has arrived in Italy for the start of a five-day visit to Italy and France, where he is expected to sign deals with French and Italian carmakers and sign contracts with Airbus and Peugeot and Renault carmakers.Â£12bn worth of deals are expected to be signed during his visit.
EastEnders fans have been given a sneak peek at what life will be like when the Taylors move into Walford, after the soap announced a new family will be joining the BBC One soap for the first time next year.Â£1m-worth of cash-strapped new tenants have been revealed.
If you're a farmer, you'll know that without rain you can't grow crops like wheat, barley, oats and potatoes. But without it, they can't be grown properly, and you won't be able to eat them.The UK has been having a very dry winter.
The Conservatives have increased their majority on Northamptonshire county council, winning 43 of the 57 seats up for election in the local polls on 8 May, the BBC has learned from the official results of the local elections in the county, with the Liberal Democrats down to two.
Baroness O'Loan is a woman who knows all about the pain and trauma caused by the violence of Northern Ireland's past, and she's not afraid to admit that it's a scar that will stay with her for her for the rest of her life.
Newcastle United have signed striker Dwight Gayle from Crystal Palace and Bournemouth's Matt Ritchie on two-year deals for a combined fee of around £12m, both on transfer deadline day on the same day the Premier League club announced their summer moves.
Dozens of jobs are at risk after a bus company announced it was going into administration, a transport union has said, with the loss of more than 100 jobs in Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire in the last two months alone, it has been claimed.
A man accused of murdering a woman who was bludgeoned to death with a hammer in a "frenzied" attack has told a court he was "scared" of her and "lost it" with her on the day of the attack.
Brighton's Championship play-off hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten at home by Huddersfield Town, who moved up to third with a win that leaves them just two points behind leaders Leeds at the top of the top four with a game to go.
A man has admitted killing his estranged wife in a frenzied attack as she slept on the sofa in the living room of their family home after their marriage had "broken down" in a row over their children going on holiday in Pakistan last year.A court has heard that he was suffering from an acute stress disorder at the time.
The Metropolitan Police is a "dangerous place to be" where officers fear the consequences of shooting someone, the force's outgoing commissioner has said.Â£1.5bn of public money is needed to improve the safety of firearms officers, he has said as he announced his retirement.
A shopping centre in Cumbria has been evacuated after a fire broke out in a second-floor storeroom in the early hours of the morning, the fire service has said, but it is not believed to have been caused by a gas or electricity fault.
An MP has apologised for posting "insulting" comments about type 1 and type 2 diabetes on social media, saying he "got it wrong" when he was trying to "educate" his constituents about the disease and its link to obesity and poor diet.
Suite Francaise, a World War Two novel about a young Jewish woman who falls in love with a German officer, is to be released in the UK and Ireland later this year, as a tribute to the author who wrote it, 70 years after she was almost never published.
A huge fire at an oil refinery in Kent has been brought under control after burning for more than 24 hours overnight and into the early hours of the morning, fire crews have said, with foam used to put out the blaze and to prevent it spreading to nearby buildings.
Spain's Rafael Nadal will defend his Aegon Championships title at Queen's Club in June, it has been confirmed by tournament organisers Aegon International Tennis Federation (ATF) and the British Tennis Association (BTA) on Monday, 13 June.Â£1.5m prize money is to be offered to the winner.
Two men have been taken to hospital with suspected hypothermia after a tanker carrying hydrochloric acid overturned off the coast of St Ives in Cornwall on Sunday night, the coastguard has said, with one of the crew on board suffering from suspected dehydration and heat exhaustion.
Donald Trump's visit to the European Union this week was a trip to Brussels, but it was also a chance for the US president to get to know the European leaders he was meeting in person for the first time, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in Brussels.
National League side Grimsby Town have signed former Liverpool and Scotland Under-21 international Nicky Ngoo on a one-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is released by the club by the end of the season.
More than 100 people have been told to leave their homes in an Australian town after a bushfire broke out in a remote part of the country's south-west, officials have said, forcing many to flee their homes overnight and into Thursday morning's morning rush hour.
The family of an 11-year-old boy who died after taking his own life have said they are "very reluctant" to attend an inquest into his death amid claims he was questioned by police in January.A solicitor for the boy's family has said new evidence has come to light.
The number of new Individual Savings Accounts (Isas) opened in the UK has fallen to its lowest level for more than a decade, according to official figures for the last financial year in which the savings accounts were opened for the first time in 10 years, and the lowest since 2004-05.
The number of cannabis farms in the UK has more than doubled in the last four years, according to a study by UK police officers and a report on the issue by the police chiefs' union.Â£1bn worth of the drug is being seized by officers every year, it has emerged.
A jigsaw puzzle set up to raise money for a children's hospital in Norfolk has been left incomplete after four pieces went missing, leaving its creator with four holes in the puzzle pieces, the BBC has learned, after it was re-cut by a Spanish company.
A woman has died and an eight-year-old boy has been injured in a crash involving a car and a rally car at a car rally in the Highlands on Saturday afternoon, BBC Scotland has learned, after a woman died and the boy was injured in hospital.
The future of education in Wales is to be discussed at a special event in Cardiff on Thursday night hosted by the Welsh Language Council and the Open University of Wales in partnership with the Welsh Government's Education Workforce Council, it has been announced.Â£10,000 will be raised for the Welsh language.
A man who threw a bottle of milk at the floor of a Tesco supermarket in Carmarthenshire has been ordered to pay £1.50 compensation to the supermarket and fined £75 for criminal damage to the store.Â£10 a fortnight will be deducted from his benefits after he admitted criminal damage.
BBC Northern Ireland's Spotlight programme has won a Royal Television Society award for Investigative Programme of the Year at the 2015 National Television Awards in London on Sunday.Â£10,000 prize for best drama.Â€Â£7,500 prize for the BBC's coverage of the Troubles.
Croatia's Jewish community is boycotting a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the Nazi death camp in Jasenovac, a day before it is due to be marked by the country's new president and prime minister, amid a row over anti-Semitic chanting.
Manchester United winger Adnan Januzaj has joined Premier League side Aston Villa on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Manchester City in the summer, reports BBC Manchester Sport's Tom Daley-Swansea City on a permanent deal.
Hearts fans are being asked to contribute towards a reserve fund of £6m to help fund the construction of the club's new main stand at Tynecastle, which is due to cost £3m by the end of the season, if they meet a target set by the board.
West Brom striker Saido Berahino is on a "fitness programme" to help him return to full fitness, according to Baggies boss Tony Pulis, who says he is "hopeful" he will be fit for the start of the new Premier League season.
Premiership leaders Saracens will face Leicester Tigers in the Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-finals, while Harlequins will face Exeter in the other semi-final at Twickenham on Saturday, 10 March.The final will take place at the Principality Stadium.
The mother of a man who was killed in a hit-and-run crash has said she is "crippled" by the loss of her "funny, smiling, laughing" son, who she described as "the light of her life" seven years after he saved her life.
England women's rugby union team are "very proud" after beating world champions New Zealand in the final of the World Rugby Women's Under-20 Championship in Hamilton, New Zealand, to win the series 5-2.Â£1.5m prize money for the tournament.
A paraglider thought she was "going to die" when she was in collision with a military aircraft, a report has said.Investigators have concluded that both pilots "shared responsibility" for avoiding a serious collision, but the risk was "proper" for both.
A large wildfire has been burning in the Mourne Mountains in County Fermanagh, putting people's lives and property at risk, the Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service (NIFFS) has said in a new appeal to members of the public to help tackle the blaze.
A paedophile who bribed boys with £20-£50 in "fifa game currency" to have sex with him has been jailed for seven years.A church bell-ringer who abused boys over a 10-year period has been sentenced to 12 years in prison.
When Josephine West broke her nose on a London Underground train, she and her writing partner, Anthony West, were forced to change their name to Oh Wonder, the writing duo who went on to become one of the UK's fastest-selling solo artists of the year.
A nursery worker who mistook a four-year-old boy for saying "cooker bomb" instead of "cucumber" has been cleared of any wrongdoing by a government-backed anti-extremism panel, the BBC has learned, after the boy's mother said she feared he would be taken away.
A man in the US state of Utah has been arrested after his two young children were left in the boot of his car in a car park, US police say, after he locked them inside.Â£1,000 (US$1,200; $2,000) in the back of the vehicle.
Police have been called to a disturbance at Aberdeen University after SNP MP George Galloway tweeted he had been attacked by a group calling themselves "transgender and anarchist". He said he was taken to hospital after the attack, which police are treating as a "disgraceful incident".
Algeria began their Africa Cup of Nations campaign with a hard-fought 1-0 win over Qatar at the Al Ahli Stadium in Doha, as they began their defence of the title with a comfortable victory over the Qatari side on Thursday.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila says reaching the Europa League group stage would be the biggest achievement of his career if his side beat Astra Giurgiu on Thursday and Redbull Salzburg next week.Â£1.5m is on offer for the Scottish champions.
Teachers in Wales are to be given a new package of training to help them improve their skills as part of a drive to improve the quality of teaching and learning in the country's schools, the Welsh government has announced in a new education policy.Â£1.5m will be spent on professional development for teachers.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says some of his players "don't think the aim is to win" as he prepares for his first season in charge of the Premier League club.Manchester United will not be chasing "impossible" transfer targets during the January transfer window, he says.
A man's body has been found at a waste management company's recycling plant in Somerset, prompting a police investigation into how the body ended up in a recycling bin in Swindon and was transported to Avonmouth, it has been confirmed to the BBC.
The full list of candidates hoping to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader will be announced on Wednesday, the party has said, after a meeting of the party's ruling body was adjourned for the day due to a "power struggle" within the party.UKIP officials have said they expect to announce the candidates for the leadership contest at midday.
Aberdeen have appointed Arbroath boss Paul Sheerin as their new manager on a two-year deal after the Scottish League Two club were relegated from the Scottish Championship last season.Â£250,000 has been paid to the club by the Scottish Football League.
The PSNI has announced the launch of 26 new neighbourhood policing teams (LPTs) in Northern Ireland, which will be based in areas with high levels of crime and deprivation.The first LPTs are to be set up in County Armagh and County Down.
American football star Troy Polamalu has announced that he is retiring from the sport at the age of 33 after 12 years in the professional ranks, citing family reasons for his decision to call time on his career at the end of the NFL season on Sunday.
A man has denied the manslaughter of a rugby player who died after being hit by a car in Swansea city centre on New Year's Eve, South Wales Police has said in a court hearing in Swansea.Â£20,000 bail has been granted to a man accused of manslaughter.
England's Stuart Bingham will face world number one Judd Trump in the final of the World Grand Prix at Alexandra Palace in London on Sunday, 17 May. Click here for the full schedule of this year's snooker event.Â£1.5m prize money will be awarded to the winner and runner-up.
Adama Diomande scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat League Two Exeter City in the EFL Cup second round and progress to the third round for the first time this season with a 3-1 aggregate win at St James' Park.
Plans to transform a Denbighshire primary school into a new £3.5m learning centre are set to go before councillors next week.Â£1.5 million of public money will be used to pay for the work.Â© Willmott Dixon.
Former Rangers owner Craig Whyte has been told that he will face trial over the club's takeover by the Scottish Rugby Football Union (Rugby league side) after charges against him were dropped on Wednesday morning, a court has heard in Glasgow, Scotland's High Court has heard.
Tyler Denton scored his first goal for Leeds as they beat League Two side Luton at Kenilworth Road to move into the play-off places with a win that ended the Hatters' unbeaten start to the season.Â£5.5m in the Championship.
Former Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi has been offered the chance to do community service in exchange for his 18-month jail sentence for tax evasion and money laundering, but he is reluctant to take it up, writes the BBC's Italian correspondent Domenico Fagiolini.
Leyton Orient have appointed assistant manager Paul Edwards as first-team coach until the end of the season.The League Two club have confirmed the appointment of Andy Edwards as their new assistant manager on a two-and-a-half-year contract, with the option of a further year.
The parents of a motorcyclist killed by a drink driver have called for the death penalty to be upgraded to manslaughter, saying their lives have been "ruined" by their son's death in a motorway crash, the BBC has learned from the Moores family.
A man has been assaulted and robbed at gunpoint during an armed robbery at a house in Ballymena, County Antrim, in front of a family of four, the BBC has learned from the victim's family and the police who were present at the scene.
England batsman Jason Roy says he did not know he had become the second-highest one-day international score by a batsman until he walked into the dressing room for his side's final game of the one-match series."I didn't care," said the 25-year-old.
Ken Owens has never shied away from being called a "super sub" by his team-mates, but he is happy to be one of the last men in the line-up when he is called upon to make his first start of the season for Wales.
Alastair Cook hit an unbeaten half-century for Essex against Worcestershire on a rain-hit first day at Chelmsford, with the visitors in a strong position at the end of day one.The game was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of rain.
The trial of an al-Qaeda trained suicide bomber in the United States for plotting a terror attack in Manchester six years ago has been described as a "cold, calculated terrorist" by the police officer who led the investigation into his activities in the UK and the US.
Russia says it is reducing its military presence in Syria, including the deployment of a Russian aircraft carrier and a naval group to the country, in line with an order from President Vladimir Putin last week.The Russian military says it will withdraw its forces from the war-torn country.
Rafael Nadal came from a set down to beat German teenager Alexander Zverev and reach the Australian Open quarter-finals for the first time in three years with a hard-fought win in a gruelling contest in Melbourne.The world number one Rafael Nadal is through to the last 16 at Melbourne.
A fisherman in the Brazilian state of Para has told local media that he found a piece of satellite debris on his fishing rod.A piece of spacecraft debris has been found by a local fisherman, according to local reports in the state of Rio de Janeiro, local media report.
A teenager who planned to carry out a "brutal" attack on a British soldier has been jailed for 12 years at the Old Bailey for planning a terror attack on the UK's behalf.A judge has described him as a "foolish, naive" teenager who "threw his life away".
A woman jailed for stalking her ex-girlfriend has had her sentence reduced after a woman she tricked into believing she was dying paid for her to go on a "final trip" to Paris with her in the final days of her life, a court has heard.
At least one person has been killed and nine people are still unaccounted for after a building collapsed in the Canary Islands, killing a woman and injuring three others, Spanish media report from the Spanish region of Arona.Residents say they heard a large explosion shortly before the building collapsed.
St Johnstone's hopes of reaching the second qualifying round of the Europa League suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-1 by FK Trakai in the first leg of their last-32 tie at McDiarmid Park in Glasgow on Tuesday.Â£500,000-rated Trakai will take a 2-0 lead into the second leg of the tie.
The price of holidays from the UK to long-haul destinations in the school summer holidays has risen by an average of 300% in the past year, with many parents feeling "penalised" by the increase.Many parents have complained that they have been priced out of the cheaper end of the market.
Thousands of prison officers in England and Wales are to be balloted on industrial action in a row over the privatisation of prisons, the Prison Officers' Association (POA) has said, as the Ministry of Justice says it is reviewing contingency plans for dealing with widespread strike action.
Championship side Fulham have signed Oostende striker Adama Cyriac on loan for the rest of the season from Belgian club Anderlecht until the end of the campaign, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer of 2018.
Donald Trump has been sworn in as the 45th president of the United States of America, but what does he believe about the world, and what is his plan for the country, and how would he implement it if he takes the job in his first 100 days in office?
The Nazi art dealer Cornelius Gurlitt, who amassed a huge collection of paintings that had been looted by the Nazis, has died at the age of 89, the German government says, after a long battle with tax authorities to return them to their rightful owners.
Bus and coach operator Stagecoach has announced plans to invest more than £100m in new fleet of buses and coaches over the next three years, as part of a £1bn investment programme to boost its fleet of vehicles and services.Â£1bn worth of new vehicles have been ordered by the company.
Granada coach Tony Adams has resigned after seven months in charge of the Spanish club following a 2-1 defeat by Espanyol at the Nou Camp on Saturday."This season has been a disaster," said Adams after his final game in charge ended in defeat.
Three people have been taken to hospital with serious injuries after a three-vehicle crash on the A40 in Powys, police have said, with one of them seriously hurt in the crash in the early hours of the morning and another airlifted to hospital.
A new £20m swimming pool is to be built at Derby's Moorways leisure centre after the closure of the city's existing facility was reversed.The council has set aside £5.5m to start work on the project, despite fears it could cost more than that.
A secondary school has changed its name to remove the word 'Isis' from its name in the wake of the rise of the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in the Middle East and "global media coverage of the activities of the terrorist group".
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with technology and tech-related stocks leading the way, but oil-related shares fell as the price of oil hit a three-month low. The S&P 500 closed higher for the second day in a row.
What is the most common ailment that no-one wants to be diagnosed with at the start of their life, but which is becoming more and more common as we age and become more reliant on technology to tell us what is going wrong with our hearing and eyesight?
A woman has been charged with the murder of a man who died after collapsing at a house in south-east London, police have said, in what is believed to have been a suspected murder-suicide in the early hours of the morning, the Met Police has said.
World number one Andy Murray has pulled out of Wimbledon with a hip injury, meaning he will miss his final warm-up match before the start of the Championships on Monday.Â£20,000 worth of equipment has been ordered to be sent to the UK by the tournament organisers.
Denmark's centre-right, anti-immigration Danish People's Party (DPP) bloc has won a decisive victory in the country's general election, and is poised to form a coalition government with the centre-left Social Democrats and the Liberal Alliance, both of which have suffered big losses.
Fantasy and horror writer Arthur Machen's work could be lost if Newport council closes its reference library, a group of friends has said.The local authority has been urged to preserve the collection of the late writer's work.Â£1.5m plans to close the city's central library have been criticised.
A Pembrokeshire man has set a new world record for playing the bagpipes for the longest time in a single session, Guinness World Records has said in a press release from the BBC.com website on Friday.com.au news website.
A 15-year-old boy has been stabbed to death in an alleyway after a fight at a house party in west London, police have said, describing it as a "targeted" attack in which he was stabbed in the neck and chest.A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder.
Pregnant women are being urged not to travel to areas with a high risk of malaria because of the risk to their unborn baby and to their own health, say doctors in the UK and the rest of the world, who say it is "unavoidable" to go there.
The Green Party has launched its general election campaign poster with a pledge to raise the top rate of tax to 60p in the pound and introduce a "wealth tax" on the richest 1% of the UK's richest 1,000 people to raise £25bn a year.
Labour is set to launch its general election manifesto with a pledge to cap energy prices to £1,000 a year, according to a draft document seen by the Sunday Mirror and the Daily Telegraph, which has been leaked to the BBC and the Sunday Times newspaper.
Plaid Cymru's new leader Leanne Wood may not have been an obvious choice to lead the party when she was elected as an assembly member in 2010, with her only experience of politics coming as a member of the House of Commons and the Welsh Assembly.
The UK job market experienced a "slight slowdown" in May as companies took time to digest the election result, according to a report.The pace of growth in permanent jobs slowed to its slowest since February, a survey has suggested.Â£1.5bn in annual growth in wages has slowed to 0.2% in the last three months.
Bristol Blaze have signed forward Liam Stewart on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months, after he was injured in last season's Elite League play-off final with Alaska Aces in the United States, but he says his dad is a big fan of ice hockey.
Hereford United have been expelled from the Football Conference after failing to pay their £220,000 debt to the league's governing body, the Football Supporters' Association (FCB), and have been replaced by Chester City."It is a desperately sad day for all Hereford United fans," says the organisation's chief executive, Paul Haynes, following their relegation.
Police in the western Indian city of Mumbai (Bombay) have arrested a man who was seen walking around with a severed head of his wife in his handbag, local media reports say, adding that he has confessed to killing her and is being questioned by police.
Two Bangladeshi oil workers who were kidnapped in Libya have been freed, officials in the capital, Tripoli, say, after more than two weeks in captivity.The two Bangladeshis have been flown back to the country, officials have told Bangladesh's foreign ministry in Dhaka.
A mother has appeared in court charged with the murder of her seven-year-old son who died after being trapped in a burning car for more than a week before his body was found in the boot of a burning lorry on the side of the road.
UN investigators are considering publishing the names of suspected war criminals in Syria, the BBC has learned from a UN official who says they are "weighing the pros and cons" of publishing the lists in time for a meeting in Geneva next month.The BBC understands that a fifth list of suspects will be handed to the UN in March.
A Methodist minister sexually abused four boys by hypnotising them and making them hold a 50p piece of silverware until they fell into a "trance", a court has been told in a case against him for indecently assaulting the boys in the 1970s and 1980s.
The father and mother of a man suspected of travelling to Syria to join the so-called Islamic State group have pleaded not guilty to charges of terrorism offences against him and his alleged accomplice in a London court on Wednesday night, it has been alleged in a pre-trial.
A ferry which was grounded in the Solent after it hit a quayside has returned to Southampton after repairs were carried out to repair a damaged ramp.Â£1m worth of repairs have been carried out on the vessel, it has been confirmed to the BBC.
Swansea could become the UK's biggest city in terms of population growth over the next 10 years if plans to regenerate the city centre are approved, the council has said.The next stage of the city's regeneration could see up to 1,000 new homes being built.
Demonstrations have been held across the Republic of Ireland to highlight the growing number of people who are not paying their water bills in the run-up to the general election on 5 May 2016, RTÃ‚‰ has reported from across the country.
Josh Taylor's trainer Shane McGuigan believes the 19-year-old Scottish boxer is capable of becoming a world champion within the next six to 10 months and is already "knock on the door" of a world title shot-a-hondaution.
Archaeologists in South Africa have discovered what could be the world's earliest paint kits, dating back at least 100,000 years, in a cave in the Cape Town region of South Africa, which is home to some of the earliest examples of conceptual thinking in human history.
The Republic of Ireland's economy grew by a faster-than-expected 7.7% in the first three months of the year, according to the Office of the Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Enda Kenny, as the economy emerged from recession.
Leeds city centre could be transformed into a city of pedestrians and cyclists as part of a bid to become a European Capital of Culture in 2023, the city council has said in its first major transport plan for the city in more than a quarter of a century.
Abertay University in Dundee has been named the best university in the world for its undergraduate computer games degree courses for a third consecutive year, according to a US review.Â£1.5m worth of online courses have been rated as "outstanding" by a leading magazine.
"Yes, or no" was the question on the ballot papers in the Scottish independence referendum of September, 2014, and for some it was the most fundamental question of all, the question that could never be answered.For others it was as simple as it seemed:
The Foreign Office is working with the authorities in Thailand to establish if a British national has been killed in a shooting incident in the country, the Foreign Office has said, amid reports of a British man taking his own life in a taxi in the south of the country.
Great Britain beat Argentina 3-2 in their opening Pool B match at the World League semi-finals to move top of Pool B at the Olympic Games in Glasgow.Kirsty Clark scored a hat-trick as Great Britain beat the defending champions 4-2 to reach the last eight.
Nottingham Forest manager Paul Heckingbottom has no new injury worries ahead of Saturday's visit of fellow Championship play-off hopefuls Middlesbrough, who were held to a goalless draw at Bournemouth on Tuesday night because of a waterlogged pitch.
A 16-year-old girl who died after suffering an allergic reaction to food at a takeaway has been named by police as the victim of an "unexplained" allergic reaction, the force has said in a press release to the BBC News NI website.
A social worker who stole £20,000 meant for vulnerable children in Newport has been jailed for three years and eight months.A judge has described her actions as "unethical and manipulative".Â£1,000 has been ordered to be returned to the city council.
A Cardiff-based online insurance comparison company has been given a boost by the Welsh government to help it compete with the likes of Tesco and Lloyds Banking Group in the market for the first time in the UK market for a price comparison service provider's online services.
North Korea says it has carried out an artillery drill near the border with South Korea, firing on the South's presidential palace and other targets in a show of force, state media report.The North has warned of a "miserable end" for South Korea's president.
Hundreds of Afghans have protested in the capital, Kabul, against what they say is Iran's blocking of fuel exports to the country from across the border with Afghanistan, officials say.Iran has denied it has stopped supplies to the Afghan government.Â£1m worth of fuel has been seized by protesters in Tehran.
A database of 390 species of trees and shrubs has been created to help people find the best place to plant them in cities and towns as the urban landscape undergoes a massive urban expansion over the next 10 years, according to a new report from Germany and the US.
Wales full-back Leigh Halfpenny has been ruled out of the World Cup after suffering a serious knee injury in training on Monday.The injury that has ruled him out for the rest of the tournament is a "long-term" problem, says head coach Warren Gatland.
French Justice Minister Nicole Goulard has resigned amid a corruption scandal that has seen two other cabinet ministers resign in less than a week, the BBC has learned from a government source close to the president's office in Paris.Â£1bn-a-year investigation into fake jobs has led to the departure of one of the country's most powerful women.
British comic book artist Steve Dillon, best known for his work on the US TV series Preacher, has died at the age of 55, his brother has confirmed.Tributes have been paid to the British-born artist, who was best known as the co-creator and co-founder of Deadline magazine.
Former Masters champions Sergio Garcia and Rickie Fowler are two shots behind leader Charley Hoffman and Thomas Pieters after the second round of the Masters at Augusta National in Augusta, the first major of the year to be played on the same day in the same venue for the first time.
The mystery of the mysterious bright spots on the dwarf planet Ceres has been deepened by a new set of images of the icy dwarf planet's surface, scientists have said in a new report from the US space agency's mission to the icy world.Â£1bn-worth of ice may have been detected on the surface.
A van driver who admitted causing the death of a man by careless driving in a crash in West Lothian has been jailed for six months.Â£2,000.Â© BBC Scotland.com.ÂÂ£1,000 fine.Â€1,500 fine.
Saudi Arabia's Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman has said he is "very keen" to form a military alliance with other Muslim nations to fight terrorism, but there are doubts over whether any of them will join it in the short term, as he announced it on Tuesday.
Russia coach Leonid Slutsky has left Euro 2016 after his side were knocked out of the tournament in the group stage, with Uefa threatening to sack him if he does not resign. Click here for all the latest Russia team news and match reports from Euro 2016.
Bristol Rovers midfielder Liam Broom has signed a new two-year contract with the League Two club.Â£1,000-a-week deal will keep him at the club until the summer of 2018.Â© BBC Radio Bristol.com
Australia's David Warner has been banned for two months by Cricket Australia after being found guilty of striking England's Joe Root in the head with a cricket bat in a pub while on a pre-season tour match.Â£10,000 fine for the incident has been handed to the England player.
Plans for a safari park, a water park and a hotel have been given the go-ahead by a council, creating up to 1,000 new jobs, it has been claimed by the owners of the Six Seaside Water Park in Worcestershire.
A 14-year-old Pakistani schoolgirl who campaigned for girls' education in the Swat Valley has been shot in the head and injured in an attack by suspected Taliban gunmen, police and officials have told the BBC, but she is in a stable condition in hospital.
The former chief medical officer of Scotland has been appointed to lead a review of the country's health and social care system, as part of a shake-up of the way services are measured.Â£1bn is to be spent on a national measurement framework for the NHS in Scotland.
A doctor who defrauded a patient out of £10,000 has been struck off the medical register for misconduct by the General Medical Council (GMC) after a tribunal found she put him at "unwarranted risk of harm" and brought the profession into disrepute.
An Islamist leader in Bangladesh has been sentenced to death for war crimes committed during the 1971 war of independence from Pakistan, the country's war crimes tribunal has said in a verdict that has led to protests in the capital, Dhaka, and elsewhere in the country and a day-long general strike.
Sean Wakely and Gareth Keogh's centuries put Northamptonshire in a strong position against Leicestershire on day four of their Division Two match at Grace Road.The game is set for a thrilling finish after rain washed out most of the final day.
A man who stopped a machete attack in Flintshire has been nominated for a bravery award for his actions in the aftermath of last year's terror attacks in London and the Manchester Arena attack, the BBC Wales news website can reveal on Monday, 7 February.
A film shot on a budget of Â£4,000 in a small town in Poland has won an international award for its "truly independent" filming.The director of the film has said it was a "tremendous project" after winning a top prize.
Eleven people have been charged with slavery offences following raids on traveller sites in Lincolnshire and Lincolnshire, police have said in a press release from the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) and the National Crime Agency (NCA) in England and Wales.
Australian police officer Mick Fett is a huge Star Wars fan, so much so that he has had to paint his entire home in the latest Star Wars movie, Rogue One, to look like Darth Vader - complete with a custom-made cape and a didgeridoo handle.
The winners of the 89th Academy Awards have been announced at a ceremony at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles, with presenter Casey Affleck and actress Emma Stone taking home a record-breaking eight awards each, including best actress and best actress for the first time.
Rangers have completed the signing of midfielder Lee Dorrans from Championship rivals Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £2.5m, on a three-year deal.Â£1.8m is the fee for the former Livingston and West Bromwich Albion defender.
A lifeboat crew has been called out to rescue a group of sailors who were stranded on rocks off the coast of County Antrim after their boat got into difficulties in the Irish Sea, the RNLI has said in a new release from the Portaferry RNLI.
A man has admitted killing an 11-year-old girl in a hit-and-run crash in Glasgow while under the influence of drugs which left her with fatal injuries and her family in intensive care for more than a week.Â£20,000 worth of heroin was found in his car, a court heard.
Divers are to be deployed to a stretch of the River Tay in North Lanarkshire in a fresh search for the remains of a schoolgirl who disappeared more than 60 years ago, police have said in a new statement to the BBC.Â£50,000 of silt is to be removed from the water.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has announced that university fees will not rise in 2016, after a week of protests by thousands of students in the capital, Pretoria, and other cities across the country over tuition fees raised by up to 12% from next year.
Atlantis is back, and it's not what you might expect from the new series of Doctor Who spin-off show Atlantis - it's a whole lot different from last year's series one, it's darker, and there's a lot less humour in it too.
Black Friday has "seemingly cemented its place" as the busiest online shopping day of the year so far has been, according to credit card firm Visa and research firm Experian-IMRG, with online shopping expected to hit a record high on Monday.
The US space agency's (Nasa) Curiosity rover has carried out its first real-time analysis of the atmosphere of Mars, as it continues its journey to the surface of the Red Planet to study the planet's rocks and soil for clues about its chemical make-up.
More than 100,000 children in England have missed out on a place at their first choice of primary school this year, figures show, as pressure grows on local authorities to find more places for new pupils in overcrowded primary schools across the country.Labour has blamed the coalition government's free schools policy for the crisis.
Portraits of some of Britain's most famous faces have gone on display in Hull as part of an exhibition marking the 50th anniversary of the birth of author JK Rowling's birth.Â£50,000 worth of artwork has been commissioned for the show, it has been revealed.
Tyrrell Hatton is one shot behind leader Scott Henderson after the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth, with the Australian a shot off the lead after the third round of the tournament in South Africa.Â£1.5m winner will be crowned on Sunday.
A girl was seriously injured when she was attacked by a dog which police said was "dangerously out of control" in a public place, it has emerged from a report to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) into the attack on social media.
Chinese dissident artist Ai Weiwei is to use Lego to create a new work to "defend freedom of speech and political art", his studio has said, after the Danish company refused to let him use its bricks for a new artwork in the US and Australia.
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula 1 but is still not sure if he will ever be able to return to the sport as a full-time driver after almost two years out of the sport because of his injuries in a rally car crash, which ended his career.
Former Strictly Come Dancing judge Sally Bercow and TV wildlife expert Ola Jordan have been added to the line-up for this year's Great British Bake Off spin-off show, The Great British Bobsleigh and Skeleton, it has been announced.
Hearts have signed midfielder Abdelhamid Rherras on a season-long loan from Belgian club Anderlecht and striker Ali Slimani Sammon on a permanent deal from Derby County for an undisclosed fee, subject to international clearance and a work permit.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has been sworn in as prime minister, replacing Tony Abbott, who was removed from office on Monday night after losing the backing of his own party's MPs in a leadership contest and losing his job in the polls by the same margin in a by-election.
More than half of children are checking their mobile phones before going to bed at least once a night, a survey suggests, as they try to keep up with their friends' social media accounts and stay cool in the social media age of social media use in the bedroom.
A rare Rolls-Royce once owned by the late British sex symbol Diana Dors has sold for $3m (£2.6m) at auction in New York, more than twice its estimated price of $1.8m (Â£1.4m).
A man who attacked a takeaway worker with a meat cleaver in a "grossly disproportionate" attack has been jailed for 12 years.Â£50,000 has been ordered to be spent on a life term in prison.Â€‚¬4,000 fine and a further 12 years on licence.
A wildlife charity is seeking views from landowners and farmers on plans to reintroduce lynx to the UK for the first time in more than 1,300 years after the big cats were wiped out in the country a century ago, it has said in a new appeal.
John Lewis's flagship store in Edinburgh city centre is set to undergo a major revamp as part of a £100m refurbishment of the premises, it has been announced to mark the start of the latest phase of the £50m redevelopment of the building.
Ipswich Town have signed Manchester City midfielder Rhys Huws Samuel on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal for a fee in the region of £1.5m, subject to international clearance, on a three-year deal.
A 19-year-old footballer who died after being hit by a train has been named as Zoe Tynan, who was playing for Fylde Ladies at the time of her death, has been described as a "hugely talented" and "popular" player.
A Kenyan student who was held hostage by Islamist gunmen at a university in the capital, Nairobi, has described how she hid in a wardrobe and prayed to God to keep her alive for hours after the attack began on Thursday night and took hours to come out.
A man who tried to travel to Syria to fight with so-called Islamic State has been jailed for five years and three months after his family raised the alarm about his plans, a court has been told in a case of "may well have saved lives" by alerting police.
The Pentagon has denied reports that a senior leader of so-called Islamic State (IS) has been captured in Iraq and is being questioned about the group's alleged use of mustard gas, the New York Times and the Associated Press reports, citing US defence sources.
The public will be able to vote for the BBC Sports Personality of the Year for the first time on the night of the 2014 awards ceremony at Twickenham's O2 Arena on Sunday, 14 December 2014 (BBC One & BBC One HD) at 19:00 GMT.
The news that actress Lupita Nyong'o is to play Hermione in the new Harry Potter spin-off film, Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, has come as a huge surprise to many fans of the famous wizard, but for others, the casting of a black actress as the main character is nothing new.
Former I'm A Celebrity... Get Me Out of Here! star Christopher Biggins has been evicted from the Celebrity Big Brother house after making "a number of comments capable of causing great offence", the show has said.Â£100,000-worth of bets have been placed on him to win this year's show.
Denmark's health service has made big changes to the way it deals with cancer - and it's been hailed as a game-changer in improving survival rates and quality of care in a country with one of the highest cancer survival rates in Europe.Â£1bn of investment has been made in its health system since 2007.
A sea mine discovered on the River Ness in Gourock in Inverclyde has been moved to a safer place, the Ministry of Defence has said, after it was found to be a World War Two sea mine dating back to the 1950s and 1960s.
Fifa presidential candidate Gianni Infantino has proposed that the 2026 World Cup should be played in 16 different countries, rather than the current format of 16 countries per country.Â£1bn-a-year World Cup hosting rights should be shared between them, he has said.
National League side Kidderminster Harriers have appointed John Eustace as their new manager following their relegation from the Football League on Saturday night, BBC Hereford has learned from the club's chief executive and the BBC Radio Worcestershire website reports on the appointment.
The bells of St Paul's Cathedral in London have been rung out for the first time in more than 200 years to mark the 800th anniversary of its first Easter Sunday service and to mark its 200th anniversary. Click here to hear the original chimes from the church.
Plans have been submitted for the restoration of two Grade II-listed buildings in Reading, which could see them turned into student flats, according to the University of Reading's Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) and the town's planning authority, the City of Reading Council.
England prop Billy Vunipola is set to return to full training this week, and could be fit for the start of the Six Nations on 10 March, reports BBC Radio Berkshire.Â£1.5m-rated BBC Radio Lancashire Sport.
Flooding in the Conwy Valley has forced the closure of the main railway line between north Wales and Gwynedd for several days, Network Rail has said, as heavy rain continues to cause disruption to rail services in and out of the country's major cities.
A man has been jailed for life for the murder of a man who was stabbed to death in a fight in a park.The family of the victim have said "justice has been served" after his killer was handed a 27-year jail term for his murder.
Louis van Gaal has been sacked as Manchester United manager after just one season in charge of the Premier League club, it has been announced on the club's official website on Monday morning, after the FA Cup final defeat at Wembley on Sunday night, when Manchester City beat Manchester United 2-1.
A group of up to 30 sperm whales have died on a beach in the French town of La Rochelle in the south-west of the country, French media report, in what is believed to be the largest mass beaching of its kind in the country's history.
A hospital is considering building a parking deck above existing car parks in a bid to solve parking problems in the area around its main site in Warwickshire, it has been claimed.Â£1.5m has been earmarked for a new scheme to help staff and patients.
Eurotunnel has apologised for delays to non-reserved tickets at its Channel Tunnel services, saying it is working hard to minimise the problems caused by increased security at the terminal.Â£1.5bn-a-year Eurotunnel says it is "working hard" to reduce delays.
The World Bank has released a new report on the decline in women's participation in the workforce in India. It is a worrying trend that is raising questions about the role of women in the country's economy and the role they play in its development.Â£1.5bn (1.2bn rupees; $2.4bn) is being spent by the World Bank this year to improve the participation rate of women.
Leicester defender Wes Morgan Schneiderlin could make his first start of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury. Marko Arnautovic is back in training after missing the win at Manchester City with an ankle injury, although he is a doubt for the visit of Stoke.
A schoolgirl has lost a High Court action against the DUP MLA for Ballymena and Broughshane over comments she made about him on Facebook about her being "unattractive and unattractive" to other users of the social media site, a judge has ruled.
A primary school which was closed after a teachers' strike is to reopen for the first time since the start of term time, a council has said.A number of staff have been suspended amid allegations of bullying and harassment.The head teacher is "not in school", the BBC has learned.
Glasgow Warriors scrum-half Jamie Murray is confident his side can reach the Pro12 play-offs for a second successive year after climbing back into the top four of the Irish game this season.Â£1m bonus-point win over Scarlets on Saturday is the latest step in their bid to qualify for a third straight final.
A man has been arrested after a man died following a crash on the M40 in Buckinghamshire, which closed the carriageway for more than 12 hours, Buckinghamshire Police have said in a press release on the force's Facebook page, following the death of another man.
West Bromwich Albion striker Saido Berahino has been given a six-month driving ban after he was caught speeding while over the drink-drive limit on the M6 motorway, BBC Sport has learned from a court case brought forward by the Premier League club.
French actress Brigitte Lebeau, best known for her role in the World War Two film Casablanca, has died at the age of 93, her family has confirmed to US media reports, saying she was suffering from Alzheimer's disease at the time of her death.
Stoke City captain Ryan Shawcross will be out for up to four weeks with a hamstring injury and is likely to miss the rest of the season because of the injury, says the Premier League club's medical staff.Â£3m-rated Stoke City defender has been ruled out for three or four weeks.
Ecuador's presidential election will go to a run-off second round after no candidate won a majority of votes in the first round, the electoral council has announced, after long delays in the vote count and long waits for the official results to come in.Â£1bn-worth of votes have been counted.
England's one-day cricket team have arrived in Dhaka for their first tour match in Bangladesh since a deadly attack on a cafe in the capital last year.Bangladesh's army has carried out an "eye-opening" training exercise ahead of Saturday's game against England at the International Cricket Council Stadium.
More than 700,000 emails and passwords belonging to US government employees have been found on the open web, according to security firm Recorded Future, which scanned more than 680,000 web sources.Â£1m worth of data has been stolen from government agencies, the firm says.
Scottish Secretary David Russell has criticised the UK government for not being clear enough about its plans for Brexit negotiations with the EU, saying it needs to provide "greater clarity and transparency" on its plans.Brexit Secretary David Davis has said he wants to work "positively" with the Scottish government.
Dundee Stars head coach Marc LeFebvre hopes his side can learn from their experience at the Elite League play-offs and return to the finals next season.Â£100,000 prize money could be on the line for next year's play-off final.
Olympic bronze medallist Gemma Smith will lead a GB women's weightlifting team at the European Championships in Norway on 10-12 April.Â£50,000 prize money is on offer for the top six places at the event, which starts on Sunday.
Liverpool defender Emre Caneloa Moreno is a transfer target for Atletico Madrid, reports BBC Radio Solent and BBC Radio Lancashire, with the Spanish club offering a fee of £12m for the Spaniard of about £20m.Liverpool will not sell the Spain international for £10m.
The architect of Dundee's £100m Museum of Design has said he is "very happy" with the progress being made on the building of the city's new £200m waterfront attraction, which is due to open in the summer of next year after a year of construction.
Hundreds of people have held a rally in the Italian city of Venice to protest against what they say is the city's decline as a tourist destination and the loss of 1,000 residents each year.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) of public money is due to be spent by the city centre to help the city deal with the problem.
Two fly-tippers who dumped 42 tonnes of waste on a Birmingham street have been jailed for their part in a £1m waste-to-energy scam, Birmingham City Council has said in a press release on its website.Â£1m worth of waste has been seized by the city council.
Five British servicemen have been killed in a helicopter crash in southern Afghanistan, the Ministry of Defence has said, bringing the number of British deaths in the conflict in the country to 453 since the conflict began in 2001.The deaths are the biggest single loss of UK life in Afghanistan.
Scottish Chambers of Commerce (SCC) has said it has identified "a number of opportunities" for Scottish businesses to expand into new markets in China and boost the Scottish economy by exporting more of its products and services to the province of Shandong in north-east China.
Hong Kong pro-independence activist Carrie Yau is fighting to keep her seat in the territory's Legislative Council, despite losing a court case to disqualify her from taking her oaths as a member of the pro-democracy Youngspiration Party. "We may face bankruptcy, but we have no choice," she says.
Marcus Rashford scored a dramatic late winner as Manchester United beat Anderlecht to reach the Europa League semi-finals for the first time in their history and secure a place in the last eight of Europe's second-tier competition for the next four years.
African governments are introducing laws to combat cyber crime and cyber-stalking, amid concerns that the internet could be used to foment unrest and destabilise the continent's political process, as the BBC's Farai Sevenzo reports from the South African capital, Pretoria.
Voters have "lost faith in established political figures as opinion leaders" after the EU referendum, according to a report by a leading reform group, which has called for a "complete rethink" of the role of referendums in UK politics and the way they are run.
As the polls close in the general election campaign, BBC Wales political correspondent Laura McAllister looks at the potential for the Conservatives to make significant gains in Wales and how they could change the political map of the country's political map.Â£1bn is at stake in the 8 June general election.
Johanna Konta says there is "a lot of work to be done" to reach the top of her game after reaching the semi-finals of Wimbledon for the first time in 40 years, but she believes she can improve physically and mentally.
Barcelona have signed Brazil midfielder Paulinho from Chinese club Guangzhou Evergrande for an undisclosed fee on a five-year deal, believed to be about £37m.Â£25m is the fee for the Brazil Under-21 international.com reported.
Thousands of homes and businesses in Leeds have been left without water after a problem with the water supply left them without supplies for a number of hours.Yorkshire Water has apologised for the inconvenience caused by the problem.Â£100,000 worth of damage has been caused.
A "magical journey" attraction that promised to bring Santa to an East Midlands golf resort has been cancelled just a week before it was due to open to the public, it has been announced, leaving customers "in the lurch" and "devastated" by its closure.
Welsh Labour AM Carwyn Jones has said she is surprised she has not been asked to become UKIP's new MEP for Wales after being asked to do so by the party's Welsh group and the party.Â£1m-a-year MEP role may not be vacant after Brexit, she has said.
Ghana's health ministry has reversed a controversial policy that allowed nurses to work in the country without having to agree to a five-year training programme known as "bond" - a deal that has been criticised by some nurses and criticised by the UK's National Health Service.
The brother of a man trampled to death by cows in a field has called for improvements to public footpaths in the area where he and three other people were attacked by the animals to be made safer for walkers and dog walkers in the future.
Comedian Bill Bailey has said his Limboland tour bus was stolen from outside the Royal Philharmonic Hall in Liverpool before his show in the city on Monday night, causing "chaos" at his show on the Liverpool-based venue's roof.
Wayne Rooney's new five-and-a-half-year contract with Manchester United is a huge financial coup for the club and for the England striker - worth £85m over the next five and a half years, with the option of a further year at Old Trafford.
Plymouth Argyle captain Paul Hartley says his late goal in the League Two play-off semi-final second leg against Portsmouth was the "biggest moment" of his career so far in his playing career."I woke up in the dressing room and there was some bald guy kissing me in the face."
Asian shares were mixed on Monday, with Japan's Nikkei index ending flat despite better-than-expected economic growth data boosting hopes that the world's third-largest economy is on track to recover from its worst recession in more than two decades.Shares in Tokyo were also lower despite the release of revised growth data.
Australia's Woodside Energy has reported a 27% rise in half-year profits, helped by record production and higher realised prices for its liquified natural gas (LNG) projects.Â£1bn worth of new acreage is being developed in Myanmar, Tanzania and Gabon, the company said.
If you're a small business owner or manager, you may be wondering whether your online customer data is safe from cybercrime, fraud and natural disasters - but there are ways to keep it secure, writes the BBC's Richard Galpin in his series of letters from the BBC Small Businesses.
A new code of practice governing the use of stop and search in Scotland has been published by the Scottish justice secretary and Police Scotland.The code sets out guidelines for dealing with children and vulnerable adults, but does not address the issue of children under the age of 12 being searched.
Rail services between the Borders and Edinburgh have been restored after a series of delays and cancellations caused by engineering work at the station in Dumfries and Galloway, ScotRail Scotland has said, with all services now operating normally again and no further disruption expected.
The number of Welsh rugby union and rugby league players caught using performance-enhancing drugs is "off the scale", according to the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) despite a rise in the number being caught in the past three years, it has been claimed.
Pope Francis has condemned as "genocide" the killing of Armenians by Ottoman Turks during World War One, saying it was "the first genocide of the 20th Century", in a rare direct appeal to the Muslim world's most powerful Muslim state to recognise it.
Lance Armstrong's public confession that he took performance-enhancing drugs in the 1990s has been met with a mixture of criticism and support from people who believe the disgraced cyclist has changed - or at least changed his ways in the face of the allegations against him.
If you're planning to drink at Glastonbury this weekend, would you be better off paying £5 for a beaker of water, or throwing it at the band, rather than mashing it on to the ground and leaving it to rot in the middle of the festival?
Helicopter rescue teams have been based at Inverness Airport for the past five years, carrying out more than 500 search and rescue missions a year.Â£1.5m has been invested in a new helicopter rescue helicopter base at the base since it was established.
The Football Association has charged Manchester City with three breaches of anti-doping rules after the club failed to update its information about players' whereabouts in the build-up to last season's Champions League quarter-final against Manchester United at the Emirates Stadium, BBC Sport has learned.
Romania's Prime Minister Sorin Grindeanu has been removed from office after a vote of no confidence in the country's lower house of parliament, in a move that could pave the way for a new prime minister to take office.Â£1bn ($1.2bn; $1.4bn) in bailout funds have been approved by the European Union.
Broadband provider Sky has confirmed that some of its broadband customers in some parts of the UK are experiencing problems with their download speeds at times when they are connected to the internet.The company has apologised for the problem, which it says is due to a combination of increased traffic and capacity issues.
The security breach at the Palace of Westminster that led to the death of a police officer may have been a result of a "failure of security policy", MPs have said, amid calls for armed police officers to be routinely deployed at sensitive sites.The Met Police has said it will review security in the building.
Some patients with a rare form of leukaemia can be cured of the disease if they are given half the standard dose of a drug normally used to treat the disease, a study has shown in the journal Cancer Research UK suggests, despite its side-effects.
A British backpacker who was stabbed to death in Australia has died in hospital in Townsville, Queensland, police have said, as a murder charge against a man accused of the attack is expected to be upgraded to murder next week.The family of the victim have paid tribute to their "darling".
Atletico Madrid captain Luis Suarez's red card in their Champions League defeat by Barcelona was "totally unfair", says his team-mate and fellow Spanish side-mate Juanfran, who was sent off for a foul on the Spanish side's player of the match at the Nou Camp.
The film industry is booming in the United States, and there are plenty of opportunities for young Northern Irish film-makers to make a career in the industry, according to one young man from Northern Ireland who is working in the video games industry in Los Angeles, America.
Two men have been arrested after police seized drugs with an estimated street value of more than 400,000 euros (£353,176) in Londonderry, the Irish police force has said in a press conference on Thursday.Â£20,000 of cocaine and ecstasy tablets have been seized.
Jeremy Corbyn has been Labour leader of the House of Commons since June 2015, but he has been an MP for more than 30 years and is no stranger to making his voice heard in Parliament - and he has done so in a variety of ways, from calling for the abolition of nuclear weapons to calling for an end to animal cruelty and ending the use of carrier pigeons.
It was meant to be the centre of the Irish economy, but now Longford's town centre has been transformed into a symbol of the country's economic crash and burn.The Irish government is under fire for the way it is handling the troubled midlands, writes the BBC's Tom Finian McGrath in Dublin.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is to visit Moscow in the coming weeks, the Foreign Office has said, after accepting an invitation from Russia's foreign minister to visit the country next month.The visit is "not a return to business as usual", a spokesman has said.
A commemorative medal to mark the 75th anniversary of the sinking of a warship off the coast of France is to be issued to anyone who believes they may be entitled to a piece of military honours for the loss of life on board the doomed vessel.
The government has said there is "no green light" for fixed-odds betting machines despite calls from Labour for them to be banned from being installed on High Streets in England and Wales, saying they are a "magnet for crime and anti-social behaviour".
Ethiopians are mourning the death of one of the country's most famous sportsmen, after he announced his retirement from the sport he has dominated for more than two decades, but some say he may not have run his last race.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) has been raised for charity by his foundation, the Great Ethiopian Run (GED).
The man behind the takeover of the Financial Times is one of Japan's richest men, and one of the country's best-known media figures, Shigeru Kita, also known as the "Pink Paper King", according to Forbes magazine's annual list of the world's richest people.
Luis Suarez has failed in his appeal against a four-month ban for biting an opponent at the 2014 World Cup, the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has ruled in favour of Fifa's decision to impose the punishment on the player's four-match ban.
Ross County have signed Lithuanian midfielder Marius Sernas on loan from Polish second-tier club Wigry Suwalki until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move in the January transfer window. Click here for more details of the deal.
The United States Soccer Federation (US Soccer) has said it will introduce new rules to prevent children heading footballs in order to reduce the risk of serious head injuries in youth footballs, the sport's world governing body has announced in a press release on its website.
21st Century Fox has made a £11.25bn takeover offer for broadcaster Sky, valuing the company at about £12bn, in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union and the fall in the value of the pound following the Brexit vote.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of making indecent images of children, South Yorkshire Police have said.They have been released on bail pending further enquiries into further arrests.Â£20,000 bail has been granted to two further men.Â© BBC News
Two men armed with knives have robbed a post office in the south side of Glasgow, making off with more than £1,000 in what police have described as a "large sum of money" in a "sustained and aggravated" robbery at the post office.
More than 2,000 teenagers are taking part in the annual Ten Tors challenge on Dartmoor National Park in the UK's highest youth event, the National Park Service has said, with more than 1,000 teams taking part this time last year for the first time in its history.
A chronology of key events in the £1bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio, which has led to a police investigation and a Stormont inquiry, as well as allegations of corruption and money-laundering in Northern Ireland, as reported by the BBC News NI website.
Tributes have been paid to a "smiley soul" and a "gentle giant" following the deaths of two men who drowned in the sea at a beauty spot in Gwynedd, it has been claimed in a Facebook tribute to one of the victims.
A private school has suspended two staff members over allegations of historical sexual abuse of pupils, BBC Scotland has learned from police and prosecutors in Inverclyde and Kilmacolm over the past two days, it has been reported to the procurator fiscal.
A memorial service has been held in China for former Newcastle United and Ivory Coast striker Cheick Tiote, who has died in a Chinese club's training ground after suffering a heart attack earlier this month."He was like a brother," says ex-Newcastle United team-mate Papiss Cisse.
Asian markets were mixed on Tuesday as investors remained cautious ahead of the Greek general election next month, while the price of copper fell to a four-and-a-half-year low on worries over the country's debt crisis and falling commodity prices.Japan's Nikkei index ended the year with a loss.
Blackberry, the world's biggest smartphone maker, has reported better-than-expected profits for the first three months of the year, helped by the success of its new flagship Z10 handset in the UK and the US markets, and a fall in the number of users.
Oil and gas services company Proserv has won two new contracts worth more than £100m in North Sea oil and gas exploration and development projects, the company has announced in a press release to the BBC Scotland news website and the BBC North West Scotland website (B&Q).
Schools must prepare for a future pay rise "significantly higher" than 1% to ensure an adequate supply of good teachers, says the independent pay review body, the Strengthening Teacher Relations Board (STRB), in its latest report on teachers' pay.
The far-right French National Front (FN) and Eurosceptic Eurosceptics in the UK and the UK Independence Party (UKIP) have made big gains in European elections in France and the Republic of Ireland, while the far-left Syriza coalition in Greece and the anti-austerity Podemos party in Spain made gains.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru wedi cael ei ddefnyddio am ei gefnogi'n llawn i'r amgylchedd yn dilyn cynllun morlyn arfaethedig yn Abertawe, yn ôl cynlluniau yng Nghymru.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he will not hold a referendum on a council tax rise after 43% of the city's residents said they did not want it, despite a survey suggesting it would cost £1.3bn.Â£1.2bn in savings.
The United Nations has called for the US to suspend its controversial biofuel quota, saying it could lead to a global food crisis if it is not suspended, as prices for corn continue to rise.Â£1.5bn (£1.1bn) worth of corn is due to be produced this year.
Curved glassware does not appear to affect the amount of time it takes to finish off a glass of beer, a study has suggested, as it is not clear how the shape of glassware affects drinking habits on an evening out on the town or on a night out.
National League side Dover Athletic Bilston have signed midfielder Paul Dugdale on a two-year deal and defender Joe Cole on a one-year contract after his release by Barrow, reports BBC Radio Solent on Monday night, with the option of a further 12 months.
Online crowdfunding site Kickstarter has been accused of running a scam after a number of internet users raised concerns about the legality of the scheme's existence.Â£2.9m has been withdrawn from the site after it was found to be a fake project, its creator has said.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of participating in the Boston Marathon bombings has heard graphic testimony about the injuries suffered by the youngest victim of the attack, an eight-year-old boy, as the prosecution called its closing arguments in the case for the first time.
It was billed as the biggest strike in the history of the NHS - the biggest single day of industrial action in the organisation's history, and one of the biggest strikes in its history - and it has ended with the end of a five-day dispute over pay and conditions.
A gay couple in the US state of Mississippi are suing a funeral home for refusing to handle the funerals of their gay husband and father-of-three after finding out he was married to a man, a lawyer for the family has said, calling it a "shocking injustice".
A virtual reality tour of Nottingham's caves has been created to bring them into the 21st Century using the latest gaming and virtual reality technology, the city's organisers have said in a bid to make them more accessible to the public for the first time in the UK.
The mother of a toddler who died after being left in a car in Australia may have had a memory lapse, an inquest in Victoria, Australia, has been told by a coroner who recommended she should not be held criminally responsible for her son's death.Â£2,500 ($3,000; $3,500) in insurance costs.
Scientists have identified 23 genes that make it harder for cancer to spread in the body, a study in mice has shown in the first large-scale study of how the disease works in the animal model of tumour formation in the organ and how it affects the immune system.
England all-rounder Heather Brunt missed out on a place in the final of the Women's Big Bash League as Perth Thunder lost to Hobart Hurricanes in the semi-finals.Â£50,000 prize money will go to the winner of the final on Friday.
The results of the Scottish council elections are dominated by the SNP's "runaway" victory over Labour in Dundee, according to the Scottish Daily Mail and The Scotsman, while The Herald and The Sun say it sets up the prospect of a second independence referendum.
Photographer Alice Bell's childhood home has been put up for sale in a bid to save it from being turned into flats, it has been claimed by the local MP for the Teesside town where she was born and grew up in the late 19th Century.
Russian oil tycoon Mikhail Khodorkovsky has said he is considering seeking political asylum in the UK, saying he is a "threat" to President Vladimir Putin and could be a "significant role" in Russia's next elections next year.Â£1bn-a-year Russian assets could be seized if he returns to the country.
The number of cladding samples submitted to the fire safety watchdog has been "completely unacceptable", the home secretary has said, as she called for urgent checks on all high-rise buildings in England and Wales to be carried out by the end of the week.Â£1.5m of emergency funding for the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire has been announced.
North Korea has launched what it says is the world's first "hangover-free" alcohol, according to the state-run Pyongyang Times newspaper, which says it has already been registered as a "national scientific and technological hit" by the country's food and energy ministry.
Newcastle Falcons director of rugby Dean Richards says he is "frustrated" by his side's poor start to the Premiership season, but insists there is more to come out of his side than they have shown so far this year's bottom-of-the-table form.
The parents of a six-year-old boy who was left on a school bus for two separate occasions in Powys are to make a formal complaint to the local council over what they claim was a "serious breakdown in communication".A council has apologised to the boy's family.
US President Donald Trump has been accused of cherry picking during his explanation of the impact of his country's withdrawal from the Paris climate agreement on global temperatures.Â£1.2bn worth of research has suggested that the US pullout from the deal will not have as much impact on global warming as he claimed.
An Army reservist died after collapsing on a training exercise in the Brecon Beacons, an inquest has been told by a Welsh ambulance team leader who said he did not think he would survive the heat.Â£10,000 was paid to a walker who carried him to safety, a court martial has heard.
Google has unveiled plans to use the blood of cancer patients to diagnose the disease, in a move that could revolutionise the way people are treated for diseases such as diabetes, cancer and heart disease, the tech giant has said in a patent application filed to the US Federal Reserve.
Ghana coach Avram Grant has told his critics to "respect the payers" and stop criticising his players for their performances.Â£1m is too much money for some of the Black Stars' players, says the Ghana Football Association chief executive Amos Bonsu.
League Two side Braintree have signed Morecambe midfielder Jordan Edwards on loan until the end of the season, with the option of a permanent deal.Â£20,000 has been made available on a three-year deal for the player-of-the-year.
A carer who stole more than £20,000 from a vulnerable elderly man's bank account has been jailed for fraud and money laundering offences, a court has heard, describing her as a "greedful" woman who had "complete control" over his money.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino says the 48-team World Cup is "overwhelmingly" in favour of his plan to expand the tournament from 32 to 48 teams by the 2026 tournament in Russia."More discussions" will have to take place before a decision is made on the proposal, he says.
The sister of Arlene Arkinson has told an inquest into her death that she felt the police investigation into her disappearance was mishandled, adding "insulting to injury already caused" by the lack of investigation into what happened to her sister in the years before she went missing.
More than a million older people in England are struggling with everyday tasks such as washing, dressing and going to the toilet, according to a new report by a leading charity and government body for older people's rights.The lack of support is a "destructive vicious circle" that is worsening the health of the most vulnerable in society, it says.
A woman has been found guilty of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in an Aberdeen street after she falsely accused him of rape and attempted murder, a court has been told by a neighbour who witnessed the attack.Â£10,000 in bail has been set aside for a woman convicted of murder.
A Saudi-led coalition air strike on a rebel-held military commando unit in the southern Yemeni city of Dhalea has killed at least 30 people, officials say.At least 40 people have been killed in an air strike by coalition warplanes, residents and medics say.
A Sinn Féin motion of no confidence in the Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Frazer has been tabled in the Dáil (Irish parliament) calling for him to call off a planned republican rally in Dublin on Friday night, 23 March.Â£10,000 of public money has been offered to the party in a bid to prevent the event.
Jonathan Rea clinched the World Superbikes Championship title with a comfortable victory in the final race of the season at Donington Park on Saturday night to extend his lead at the top of the standings to 55 points."The job's done," said the world number one.
The US military has condemned the Afghan government's plan to release 37 prisoners at Bagram prison, accusing it of releasing "dangerous insurgents" with "blood on their hands" who have been linked to attacks on coalition forces in the country's capital, Kabul.
Ben Affleck's latest film, Argo, has won the top award at the Directors Guild of America (DGA) Awards, cementing its status as the front-runner for best picture at next year's Academy Awards, despite missing out on an Oscar nomination.
Nigeria's Ministry of Defence has said it has begun operations to "rid the nation's border territories of terrorist activities" after a series of attacks by militants in the north-eastern states of Yobe, Borno and Adamawa.The military says it has deployed more troops to the region.
Tributes have been paid to Peter Corrigan, one of Wales' best-loved sports journalists, who has died at the age of 74 after a long battle with cancer, after he was diagnosed with the disease earlier this month, following a short illness.
A man has been charged with two counts of attempted murder after two boys were shot in the legs with a crossbow and machete in a street attack on a school trip to the seaside, police have said, leaving one of the victims in a critical condition.
Great Britain's Tom Latham won a bronze medal in the men's scratch at the Track Cycling World Championships in Hong Kong as Great Britain's men's team pursuit team finished fifth in the final event of the event.Â£20,000 in prize money was split between Britain's four riders.
Cardiff Blues have named an unchanged squad for the 2016-17 Pro12 season, which starts with the Welsh region's final game of the campaign against Scarlets at the Principality Stadium on Saturday, 2 September at 17:30 BST. Click here for all the player releases.
Helen Chancellor and Sophie Richardson Richardson are to star in a new TV series based on the 1930s comic characters of Lucia and Elizabeth Mapp, it has been announced in a press release from the BBC Two comedy series The Tilling Sisters, which is to be made into three short films.
Joseph Clark was a 29-year-old father-of-three from Liverpool who travelled to Hillsborough with friends, all of whom survived, including his brother Lee, who was also killed in the disaster. His mother Jacqueline Gilchrist, who survived, described him as "a wonderful, loving son".
A teenager who attacked a taxi driver with a machete and stole the taxi driver's change has been warned he could face a jail term for assault and theft after admitting to the offences at a youth party in Tayside last year.Â£1,000 has been recovered by police.
Jodie Taylor scored the only goal of the game as England began their Euro 2017 preparations with a hard-fought win over the Netherlands in their final warm-up match before next summer's tournament in the Netherlands, which starts in July.Â£1.5m will be spent on new kit for next summer.
Bath have signed former Newport Gwent Dragons prop Jonny Evans on a two-year deal from next season, with the option of a further year-long deal.Â£1.5m being added to his contract at the end of the 2017-18 season.
Britain's Alex Thomson finished third in the Vendee Globe Round the World Yacht Race as he reached the Cape Horn on Sunday.Â£1.5m is on offer to the winner of this year's race, which finishes in New Zealand on Saturday.
The New South Wales parliament has voted to describe US presidential candidate Donald Trump as a "revolting slug" in the wake of his remarks about groping women in a 2005 video that led to an apology from the Republican presidential candidate and his Republican rival, Bill Clinton.
Former Olympic champions Sir Steve Redgrave, Chris Hoy and Sir Michael Johnson are among the names who will be part of the BBC's extensive coverage of the Rio 2016 Olympics and Paralympics in August and September.BBC Sport has announced its full programme for the Games.
The Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) has approved a £1.5m payment to the owners of a rig which ran aground in the Western Isles last year, resulting in the loss of more than half a million litres of diesel fuel, to cover the cost of repairs.
How do you solve a problem like Operation Stack, which left thousands of lorries stranded on a motorway for more than 30 hours last week and saw migrants try to storm the Channel Tunnel in a bid to board UK-bound freight trains, and how do you stop it?
A man who was shot in the chest in Rhondda Cynon Taff last month has died in hospital, police have said, a week after the attack.A review of charges against two men charged with attempted murder will be taken.Â£50,000 of bail has been set aside.
West Indies won the World Twenty20 for the first time as Kraigg Brathwaite's dramatic last-ball burst saw them beat England by three wickets in a thrilling final in Abu Dhabi to claim their first title in the competition's men's format.
The South African journalist and anti-apartheid activist Johan Coetzee, who exposed the existence of a secret police unit in apartheid-era South Africa, has died in Pretoria at the age of 83.ÂÂÂ¬1, his family has said.
Six people, including former Hillsborough disaster commander Neil Duckenfield, have been charged with offences under the 1989 disaster's manslaughter act, prosecutors have said, including the 96th victim, Tony Bland, who died four years after the disaster.Â£56.5m will be spent investigating the events of that day.
Archaeological finds made during the construction of a new road in Inverness have been displayed at a primary school in the town where they were first discovered in the 1970s and 1980s.Â£1m worth of Bronze Age artefacts have been discovered.
In the centre of the Bavarian city of Ansbach, on the banks of the Rhine river, the atmosphere is festive, as it always is in July in Ansbach at the end of the summer shopping season - a time of year when the city's annual carnival draws to a close.
The Workers Party has complained to the BBC over the way it has been allocated airtime in the run-up to the general election.The BBC has agreed to meet with the party after polling day to discuss the issue.Â£500,000 worth of airtime is to be given to its election campaign, the party has said.
A van used by British boxer Floyd Mayweather has been destroyed in an arson attack on a hotel where he was due to appear at a concert, it has been revealed in a video posted on social media by an eyewitness who filmed the attack on his mobile phone camera.
An explosion on a ride at a theme park in the US state of Florida has left a six-year-old girl with burns after a vapouriser exploded inside her pocket, US police have said, injuring her and three other people in the cab of the Hogwarts Express.
A man has died after a chainsaw-wielding tree surgeon was injured in an accident outside a school in south-east London, police have said, describing it as a "tragedy of the highest order".The incident is being investigated by the Health and Safety Executive.
The number of people in the world with visual impairment is set to more than treble in the next 30 years, according to researchers from the UK and the US, with the poorest areas the worst hit, say experts.More than half the world's population will be blind or partially sighted by 2050, they say.
Scotland manager Gordon Strachan insists his side's friendly win over Poland will mean little in the build-up to their World Cup qualifier against Nigeria in London in October."It didn't mean anything," said the Scotland boss after Wednesday's 1-0 friendly victory.
A man who was caught on CCTV posing with a fake gun outside two primary schools in West Sussex has been jailed for eight weeks and eight weeks in prison.Â£2,000 in fines and costs has been ordered by a judge.ÂÂ£1,000 compensation has been paid to the victims' families.
Hundreds of people have gathered at a cemetery in London to mark All Saints' Day, a day of remembrance for people of Polish descent who have died in the UK during World War Two and later in the Cold War and the aftermath of the collapse of communist rule in their homeland.
New rules on the way broadband adverts are advertised have come into force in England and Wales, in a bid to make the service more transparent for customers and make it easier to compare prices with other options for home and business customers to save money on their broadband bills.
A post office worker suffered a serious head injury during an armed robbery at the Post Office in the Borders town of Hawick.Police are appealing for witnesses after a man threatened a member of staff with a weapon before fleeing with a large sum of money and cigarettes.
A jobs creation agency has said it is "gravely concerning" that companies are reluctant to invest in Northern Ireland because of uncertainty over the future of the Corporation Tax devolution scheme in the Stormont Executive.The failure to pass the Welfare Reform Bill will increase inequality, it has claimed.
A section of a cliff on the Bournemouth seafront has partially collapsed after heavy rain caused a landslip, the town council has said, forcing the closure of a funicular railway and a public toilet block at the foot of the cliff in a bid to prevent further damage.
Luton Town striker Lee Cattermole has signed a new one-year contract with the League Two side, keeping him at the club until the summer of 2018.Â£20,000 has been paid to the player by the National League club.Â
A convicted child sex offender has been deported from the UK less than a week before he was due to be released from prison, the BBC has learned from the Ministry of Justice (MoJ) in a "rare" case of "extremely rare" circumstances.
The Conservatives have retained all but one of the seats they held in the Dorset East and Dorset West constituencies in the general election, with five of them winning by a majority of more than 14,000 votes in the final round of the count in Dorset.
Councillors in Edinburgh have voted to balance the city council's budget for the next financial year, with savings of £1.5m expected to be made in order to balance it by the end of the current financial year in May 2018, it has been announced.
A review of the circumstances leading up to the death of Liam Fee is to be carried out after a jury in the Liam Fee murder trial found social services failed to properly investigate the toddler's case.A senior Fife social worker has said lessons can be learned from the case.
US President Donald Trump has announced a temporary ban on people from seven Muslim-majority countries travelling to the US for the next 90 days, or until further notice, if they are found to be a threat to the country.Â£10,000 in fines for people caught trying to enter the country illegally and $250,000 for people found guilty of terror offences.
Australia is set to introduce new laws to strip citizenship from dual nationals who fight for terrorist groups overseas, including Islamic State (IS) and so-called Islamic State, the government has said in a press conference in Canberra on Tuesday morning (00:00 GMT).
Fifteen soldiers who refused to stand up when ordered to by their commanders during a military parade have been sentenced at an Army court martial in the West Yorkshire town of Harrogate, the BBC has learned from the court martial of a second batch of soldiers from the same unit.
A man has been left "scarred for life" after being punched in the face in an unprovoked attack in a pub in Glasgow, leaving him with a fractured cheekbone and eye socket.Police have appealed for information.Â£10,000 in a bid to find the attacker.
Comedian and actor Kevin Hart has announced he is to release his first studio album, in the wake of rapper Kanye West's surprise announcement that he is releasing a new rap album later this year, which he described as "the biggest thing I've ever done".
Britain's Andy Murray and Dan Evans both reached the fourth round of the Australian Open for the first time in 15 years as they both won their respective third-round matches in Melbourne on Friday night to set up a potential Grand Slam semi-final showdown on Saturday.
Former Minnesota Vikings star Jared Allen has announced his retirement from the NFL after a second stint with the Vikings.Â£1.5m (1.6m) was paid to him by the NFL's highest-paid player agency, the NFL Players' Association.
Wigan Athletic have signed Oxford United defender Jordan Dunkley on a two-year deal after he turned down a new deal at the League One club, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of his deal if he is not offered a new contract.
Scientists say it’s time for an international agreement on how to protect the high seas from the forces of climate change, pollution and over-fishing, which they say are threatening marine species and the global food web, as well as human well-being.
The outcome of the fatal accident inquiry (FAI) into the Glasgow bin lorry crash is to be made public on Monday, the Scottish judiciary has announced on social media after a five-day public inquiry into the tragedy in the city's George Square area.
The DUP's Jonathan Bell has claimed that two of his party advisers have "extensive interests in the poultry industry" over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme, during a debate in the House of Commons on Wednesday.The DUP has suspended him from the party for making the allegation.
The closure of the Dumfries and Galloway Police Scotland's control room has had a "significant impact" on the service, according to a report. However, it is not possible to compare its performance with the old service, it has been claimed by the local council.
The Scottish government is in talks with partners about extending the Borders Railway to the south of England, BBC Scotland has been told by the Scottish government.Â£1.5m of funding is to be spent on a study of a possible link-up of the line with Carlisle.
A High Court judge has reserved judgment on a legal challenge to a decision to install high voltage power cables in a Gwynedd forest.Â£500,000 worth of cables should not have been allowed to go ahead, a court has been told in a bid to stop them.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says the absence of top-scorer Harry Kane or Jamie Vardy would leave "massive holes" in his side's forward options, despite Saido Berahino's return to the starting line-up at The Hawthorns on Sunday.
Dozens of herdwick sheep sculptures have appeared in the Lake District in a bid to raise money for a new rehabilitation centre for people recovering from strokes and brain injuries in Cumbria, a charity has said, with the aim of raising £100,000 for charity.
England defender Gary Cahill says Spain's 1-0 win in their friendly in Spain was "flattered" his team-mates, who are still searching for their first win of the World Cup qualifying campaign after Euro 2016 qualifying ended in defeat on Saturday night.
A gold pendant made from an early copy of a Byzantine gold coin found in Norfolk has been declared treasure at a coroner's inquest, it has been confirmed by a museum expert who helped to discover the object's discovery.Â£10,000 worth of gold jewellery has been valued at £1,000.
A leading UKIP donor has said he has been suspended from the party after accusing it of running like a "squash club" and of being "run like a squash club committee" - but the party has denied it is doing so in response to his criticism of its leadership.
Plans to improve the number of cyclists and bus routes in Cardiff have been unveiled by the city council as part of a plan to reduce congestion in the city centre by 50% by 2026, it has been claimed by the Welsh Government and the Welsh Assembly (Welsh Government).
A County Londonderry couple have become the first father and daughter umpires to officiate a senior inter-county cricket match in the Irish county's first ever day of official competition in the sport.Â£10,000 worth of history has been made in one day in the county.
A protest has been held in Calderdale over the "systematic" sexual and physical abuse of children at a care home in the town where two men have been convicted of historical abuse in the 1970s, 80s and early 1990s, it has been claimed.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are investigating the murder of a man who was shot dead after dropping off his baby at home when masked gunmen burst into his house and stole his car from the back of the carriageway and fled in a stolen vehicle on Monday night.
Caterpillars have been found hanging from branches on moorland in a "zombie horror film" caused by a virus, a wildlife charity has said in a rare sighting in a Lancashire moor where it is believed to be the cause of death for the caterpillars.
A "predatory and ruthless" paedophile who raped and sexually abused young girls in the 1970s and 1980s has been jailed for 12 years.Â£1m has been awarded to the victims of his crimes by a judge at Lewes Crown Court.
Bolton Wanderers' hopes of avoiding relegation from the Championship suffered a further blow as they were beaten by Brentford at Griffin Park, who moved to within a point of the play-off places with a comfortable win at the Madejski Stadium on goal difference.
The mother of a teenager who went missing nine years ago has said she is "relieved" police have released CCTV images of a car she believes could hold the key to finding her son's body and finding the owner of the vehicle he was last seen in.
Alex Davies and Nick Jarvis hit half-centuries to help Lancashire fight back on day two against Derbyshire at Chester-le-Street to take a slender lead of 250-260.The game is finely poised after rain washed out most of the final day.
Ghana reached the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time in their history after coming from behind to beat DR Congo 2-1 in a thrilling quarter-final tie in the Democratic Republic of Congo on Saturday night in the DR Congo's capital, Oyem.
Eighteen Aston Villa and Leicester City football fans have been released on police bail after a fight broke out during the match between the two teams at the Ricoh Arena, police have said, despite the match being played in front of 90,000 people on a live television audience.
On the 70th anniversary of the worst bombing of Manchester during World War Two, the city's residents reflect on the devastation caused by the Luftwaffe's attack on the city on the night of 22 December 1941, which claimed the lives of more than 600 people.
Denny Solomona scored a hat-trick of tries as Castleford Tigers came from behind to beat Widnes Vikings in the final Super League game of the season at the KCOM Stadium to secure a play-off place.Â£500,000 in prize money was awarded to Widnes for finishing second.
Sony Pictures has been hit by a massive hack attack that has revealed the secrets of the company's huge film production and distribution operation.It's been described as the "largest cyber-attack in history" and has caused chaos for the US film studio and its employees.
A 21-year-old man who stabbed a woman to death in a Caerphilly county hostel had made death threats to his ex-girlfriend, an inquest has been told by a police community support officer (PCSO) who dealt with him while he was in jail.
Long-term health conditions are a growing problem for the Welsh NHS, according to a new study which suggests people with long-term illnesses are more likely to live with symptoms than those who have not suffered any symptoms at all, it has been revealed in an Edinburgh study.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has extended the suspension of six Russian Winter Olympics athletes for failing drugs tests, including four gold medallists and a silver medallist, for a further two months until the end of the year, the governing body says.
Australia's Clydesdale Bank has set aside an extra £1.2bn to compensate customers who were mis-sold insurance and interest rate hedging products in the last three years, the company has said, as it continues to sell off its Scottish operations.
A zebra that escaped from a paddock in Japan and ran into a lake after being shot with a tranquiliser dart has died after being caught by police, local media say, in a case that has become a social media sensation in the country and on social media.
Firefighters have been tackling a large fire at a derelict former hospital building in the centre of Glasgow city centre, the fire service has confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website (UK-SA news website) and BBC Scotland social media channels (Facebook, Twitter and Instagram).
France's President Francois Hollande and Prime Minister Manuel Valls have visited the site of the Paris attacks, in which 130 people were killed and more than 200 injured. But not everyone was happy to see them, including some of the police officers who took part in the attack.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at the potential of a polygraph test for new police recruits in Nigeria, and how it could affect the search for honest public officials in the country's forthcoming elections.
A rare copy of Adolf Hitler's Mein Kampf, signed by the Nazi dictator himself, is to be auctioned in a bid to save it from the clutches of "idol worshipers" who would "tear up the whole world" if it was sold.
Footprints made by people thousands of years ago have been discovered on a beach in Ceredigion, for the first time in the UK, it has been claimed by geologists working on the area to the north of the village of Borth-on-Wye.
A former employee of Brazil's state-run oil company Petrobras has accused politicians of taking bribes from the company in exchange for awarding contracts worth $2bn (Â£1.8bn) to the government in return for political support ahead of the presidential election.
Bury have signed former Bolton Wanderers midfielder Tomas Rachubka on a one-year deal. The Czech Republic international has joined League One side Bury on a free transfer on a deal until the end of the 2017-18 season, with an option for a further 12 months.
The UK is to contribute £100m towards the construction of a new prison in Jamaica, which will allow convicted criminals to be deported from the UK to serve their sentences there, the government has said.The deal could save the UK taxpayer £10m a year.
Hackers who stole $81m (Â£60m) from the central bank of Bangladesh in February were able to do so because of a lack of basic security measures, according to reports from the country's financial intelligence agency, the BNP Paribas-led investigation.
Brighton & Hove Albion have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell on loan from Stoke City until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal in the January transfer window.Â£2.5m is to be paid for the player's return to the club.
Aberdeen full-back Lee Foster was sitting with his family at the New Year's Eve carnival in Glasgow when he was approached by a fan who had just walked up to him on the terraces at Ibrox Stadium Clyde."You're the worst Rangers player ever," the man said.
Work has begun on a new £10m manufacturing facility in Angus, which bosses say will create up to 100 jobs over the next five years, with the expansion of an Aberdeen-based engineering firm's operations in the area.Â£5m of investment has been announced by the company.
I'm looking forward to playing my first-round match at Wimbledon on Tuesday, and I'm expecting Liam Watson to be nervous going into it as he's the number two seed and he's one of the biggest names in the men's singles at this year's tournament.
Universities in England have started advertising higher tuition fees in the run-up to a vote on whether they should be allowed to raise them, ahead of a vote by MPs on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees above £9,000, the government has said.
A man has been charged with the murder of a man who died after being attacked in a pub beer garden in Harrogate, North Yorkshire Police have said in a statement to the procurator fiscal (PCC).Â£10,000 bail has been granted for his bail.
Mae'r datblygwyr Cwmni Cylchffordd Cymru wedi cyrraedd meini prawf y llywodraeth am gefnogi'r cynllun i adeiladu'n dechrau yn y gwanwyn os yw'r prosiect yn cael ei gymeradwyo, yn ôl Ysgrifennydd yr Economi.
Huddersfield Town moved into second place in the Championship with a comfortable victory over promotion-chasing Norwich at the John Smith's Stadium to move within a point of the play-off places with three games remaining.Â£12m Huddersfields boss David Wagner's side moved closer to the automatic promotion places with a third successive win.
Manchester United manager Jose Mourinho says Sergio Aguero's absence from the starting line-up for Sunday's derby against Manchester City makes it "more difficult" for his side to cope without the striker at the weekend because of their "amazing" attacking options at Etihad Stadium.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says his 1,000th game in charge of a Premier League club will be "fantastic" as he prepares to return to his old club Stoke City on Saturday for the first time since he took charge of the Potters in 1992.
Sri Lanka batsman Kumar Sangakkara has announced he will retire from international cricket at the end of the current season and will then join Surrey on a two-year deal in the County Championship with the option of a further 12 months in the county.
Celtic could be without two of their top forwards for their Champions League qualifier against Rosenborg on Wednesday.The Scottish champions are also without defender Erik Sviatchenko and central defender Dedryck Boyata, who are both out injured for the game in Norway.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has been praised for its support for major festivals and events in the region over the past three years, according to a new report by the region's local authority and the Scottish government's economic development department (SDP).Â£1.5m has been spent on events in Dumfries since 2014.
Violence at a prison in Gloucestershire where two inmates died from self-inflicted stab wounds has been "significantly increased", the prison watchdog has said, but it said it was "not the worst it has seen in a number of years" in recent years.
Ireland captain Rory Best says he would be honoured to succeed Paul O'Connell as national team skipper under new head coach Joe Schmidt in the future if he is named as the next national skipper in November.Â£1m-a-year player-coach would be a "massive honour", says the Ulster man.
Thousands of pounds worth of prize money is expected to be won at this year's Scottish Open Chainsaw Carving Championships.Â£10,000 is to be awarded to the winner and runner-up, with the first prize going to the first-time winner's prize.
Murdered children at madrassas in England are the "tip of the iceberg" of a problem that needs to be tackled, according to a body that advises mosques and imams on how to keep children safe in the UK's schools, it has been claimed.
It has been like a Shakespearean tragedy, a drama about two men trying to get the better of each other in the wake of a political crisis, one of which has led to the resignation of the prime minister and one of whom is the man who wants to replace him - Boris Johnson.
The UK's energy regulator has called on the big six energy suppliers to cut their prices in line with falling wholesale energy costs, saying that consumers should switch to cheaper options if they want to save money on their gas and electricity bills and save a penny a year on their bills.
DJ Calvin Harris has been announced as the headline act for this year's T in the Park music festival, which takes place in the New Forest later this month, it has been confirmed to be the first time he has headlined the event in the area for the last three years.
Northampton Saints prop Ben Brookes has been banned for two weeks after admitting striking with his elbow during his side's defeat at Newcastle.Â£10,000 fine and a three-week ban for striking with the elbow of a Newcastle hooker on New Year's Eve.
Jeremy Corbyn has told MPs that London's Grenfell Tower fire victims should be re-housed in the "poorly-offered" part of the country where the blaze took place, saying it is the "wastiest ward in the whole country".
One of the world's most famous digital currencies, Bitcoin, has been in the news for the past few days, after one of its most prominent developers said he was giving up on the virtual currency's long-term future.So what does this mean for the future of Bitcoin?
A motorcyclist has died following a crash in Lancashire, the West Midlands Police and Fire and Rescue Service has said in a press release from the scene of the crash.Â£50,000 worth of damage has been caused to the road where he was travelling.
A team of girls from Iran who won a science competition in the US have been praised for their "can-do attitude" after being told they wouldn't be allowed to go to the event because of a lack of a visa to enter the country. According to the New York Times, they are the first team from Iran to win a medal.
Ospreys ran in seven tries to thrash Benetton Treviso and record their first Pro12 win of the season with a dominant display in the Pro12 at the Principality Stadium of Champions Cup quarter-finalists Cardiff Arms Park on Saturday.
A yellow "be aware" warning of ice and snow has been issued for parts of Scotland as the country experiences its coldest December day since records began in 1910, the first minister has said in his Christmas message to Scotland's first and deputy first minsters.
Sir Elton John has been diagnosed with an abscess on his appendix and has been forced to cancel a series of concerts in the UK and Europe due to a "serious case of meningitis" caused by the problem.Â£100,000 worth of antibiotics have been prescribed by doctors in London.
The row between Apple and the FBI over the security of Apple's operating system is the latest in a long line of high-profile battles over who controls the encryption keys used to encrypt data on the internet and in the banking system, and how they are used by the government.
Deutsche Bank's analysis of the UK general election campaign has been telling us a lot about what it thinks is going to happen to the UK economy, and how it thinks it will affect the value of the pound, the pound and the pound's value against other currencies.
The US manufacturing sector grew at its slowest pace in more than two years in June, according to a closely watched survey, as exports fell for a third month in a row and the strong dollar weighed on exporters' competitiveness overseas, a survey has indicated.
All photographs by Hugh Kinsella Cunningham, based on work for the BBC's World Service photojournalism project, on view at the Stade Tata Raphael in Kinshasa, the Democratic Republic of Congo, from 30 October 2014 - Â© Hugh Kinsela Cunningham.
The Chalcots leisure centre in Camden, south-east London, is normally a place for families to relax and unwind after a busy day of swimming and sunbathing in the sunshine, watching the sun set over the swimming pool and playing in the playground.
Homelessness is a big problem in the UK, according to a report by the Office for National Statistics, and it affects young people aged 16 to 25, who are most at risk of falling into homelessness in England and Wales in the next few years - but what does it mean for the young people who have to live on the streets?
Aer Lingus has announced it is to stop flying some of its summer flights from Dublin to the Republic of Ireland, the airline has said in a statement to the Irish government and the Irish National Airlines (INA).The airline has apologised for the disruption caused by the decision.
A car bomb has exploded in the south-eastern Turkish city of Diyarbakir, killing at least one person, the interior minister has said, in what is believed to be the country's deadliest such explosion in years, local media report, citing local officials.
The Queen has died at the age of 90, her family has announced, with her husband Prince Philip paying tribute to her at a ceremony at Buckingham Palace in London on Monday. Here are some of the highlights of her life, as well as some of her most memorable moments.
Two 16-year-old boys have been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a teenager who was stabbed to death in a park in Bristol on New Year's Day.Detectives have said they are being questioned by police investigating the teenager's death on Thursday.
Portadown will hope to boost their hopes of avoiding relegation from the Irish Premiership when they host Ballinamallard United on Tuesday night in a game that could decide the fate of the league's bottom club.Â£50,000-rated Ballincontact will be the venue for the game.
Ukrainian pro-Russian hackers are known as the "virtual warriors" - they use sophisticated hacking tools to disrupt government operations in the conflict in the east of the country and disrupt the flow of funds to pro-Kiev separatists in the south-east and to destabilise the government.
A man who tried to board a flight from Germany with a knuckle duster, CS gas canisters, knives and 10 knuckledusters has been fined £1,000.Â£2,000 and banned from entering the UK for two years.
Tata Steel is set to sell its loss-making Scunthorpe steelworks to a private equity firm in a deal which could see it return to profit within two years, the BBC has learned from a source close to the sale process, but it is not yet finalised.
American Phil Mickelson shot the lowest ever score in an Open Championship at Royal Troon as he took a one-shot lead into the final round at The Open at Royal Birkdale on eight under par.Â£7.5m is on offer to the winner.
London's transport system is set to be the biggest test of the Olympic Games so far, with more than 100 million passengers expected to use it over the next four days.So what's the best advice for tourists and Olympic visitors to try and make the most of it?
(Open): The FTSE 100 opened lower, with shares in Dixons Carphone and WH Smith among the early risers, but shares in WH Smith rose after it reported a rise in sales at its WH Smith's travel and leisure business, while Royal Mail rose after the company announced its new chairman.
The number of assaults on prison staff in England and Wales has risen sharply, while the number of suicides and self-inflicted deaths has also risen, government figures have revealed, highlighting "unacceptable" levels of violence in jails in the country's jails.More than 1,000 prisoners died in the past year.
Landowners and land managers have been given guidance on how to deal with dog-walking on their land, following a rise in complaints about dogs disturbing livestock and wildlife in Scotland's countryside over the past few years, it has been revealed in a new report from a national body.
The lead singer of one of Northern Ireland's biggest bands is holding a bone marrow drive in Washington DC in a bid to encourage more people to sign up as potential donors to the US marrow donor register in the hope of finding a match for a life-saving illness.
It is one of the most important days of the year for the Welsh Government's finances - and it is likely to be the most significant in a long time to see how much money it has to spend in the next financial year and how much it will need to do it.
A house has been damaged after a lorry crashed into it at a level crossing, causing the road to be closed for more than 12 hours while engineers assess its structural damage and repairs are carried out, the fire service has said, but it is unclear how serious the damage is.
England prop Alex Corbisiero has been called into the British and Irish Lions squad to replace injured prop Cian Healy for the first two Tests of their tour of Australia and New Zealand, reports BBC Radio 5 live sportsound.co.uk.com.
Malaysia has been engulfed in a huge corruption scandal over its state-owned oil and gas company, 1MDB, for more than a year, with allegations that millions of dollars have been misappropriated from the company and diverted to personal bank accounts.
Plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Govanhill have been approved as part of a £44m strategy to improve housing in the Glasgow suburb over the next four years.Â£20m is to be spent on the development of new homes.
The price of oil has fallen below $30 a barrel for the first time in more than a decade, with many analysts predicting that it could fall even further in the next few weeks as global oversupply and a slowdown in demand continue to drive down the price.
A scheme aimed at creating 12,000 jobs for young people in Wales has been temporarily closed, the BBC Wales website has been told by the Welsh government, amid claims it is "embarrassing" and "staggering" to allow it to expire without replacement.
Tens of thousands of people have taken part in rallies across the UK to protest against Donald Trump's election victory in the United States and his policies on immigration and women's rights in the UK and around the world, organisers have said, in the wake of the historic Women's March on Washington.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder after a man died following an incident at a house in the West Midlands, police have said, adding they are being questioned by a third man in connection with the man's death, aged 22, and a woman in her 30s.
An MSPs' inquiry into the gender pay gap in the Scottish workplace is to be launched next week, with a view to looking at how the issue could benefit the economy in the long-term and how it could affect the way women are brought into the workforce.
A 92-year-old woman waited eight hours for a doctor to tell her she needed to be admitted to hospital's emergency department and was offered nothing to eat or drink, her family has said in a complaint to the trust responsible for her care.A hospital trust has apologised after a patient waited more than 12 hours for treatment.
France's far-right National Front (FN) leader, Marine Le Pen, has been accused of defrauding the European Parliament out of €1.5m (£1.1m; $1.6m) in payments to her and other members of her party.
Foreigners who want to settle in the UK for long-term will have to earn at least £35,000 a year before they can apply for settlement, the government has announced, as part of its drive to reduce net migration by reducing net migration to below 100,000.
The Royal Yacht Britannia has been named Scotland's best tourist attraction for the 10th year in a row, according to a new survey of visitors to Scotland's top tourist attractions.Â£1.5m of investment has been made in the attraction over the past 10 years.
London Underground (LU) drivers are to be balloted for strike action in a row over rosters for the new Night Tube service, the Aslef union has said, with the union threatening to ballot its members on strike action over the issue in a bid to force a deal.
One of the last surviving Victorian forts in Wales is to open to the public for the first time in more than 100 years, the BBC has been told ahead of its reopening next month in Pembrokeshire to mark the 150th anniversary of its construction.
Flood damage caused by Storm Desmond has been described as "catastrophic" by residents in Wrexham and Pembrokeshire who have had to be rehoused for the next several months after the worst flooding to hit the north east of Wales.
Israel's former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been charged with fraud and breach of trust in connection with a major property deal in Jerusalem, Israeli prosecutors say, in a case that could cost taxpayers $1bn (Â£700m; $1.2bn euros).
The European Union is holding emergency talks with Turkey to try to reach a deal on how to deal with the influx of migrants and refugees into the bloc, after a sharp rise in the number of arrivals from Turkey to Greece this year has sparked a row in some EU countries.
The UK government has warned its citizens against travelling to the US states of North Carolina and Mississippi over new laws that discriminate against lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) people, calling them "unacceptable" and a "threat to the nation's values".
Gillingham chairman Paul Scally believes a new stadium capable of hosting Premier League football could help the club return to the top flight of English football, if they are successful in their plans to move to a new site.Â£10m is needed to fund the project, he has said.
Police are continuing to investigate the circumstances surrounding the death of a man at a house in Stranraer, South Lanarkshire, following a post-mortem examination on the body of a woman found in the property.A report will be sent to the procurator fiscal.
Ipswich Town moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a hard-fought win at Derby County, who remain without a league win this season.Â£12m-rated Ipswich Town kept up their unbeaten start to the campaign with a narrow victory at Pride Park.
A slow underarm throw is the best way to get a piece of paper into a bin, according to a study of the physics of throwing, even though faster throws are more accurate, it has been claimed by some sports players and sports scientists who have studied the physics behind the strategy.
Warwickshire have extended the contracts of three of their players, including fast bowler Liam Thornton, who has just signed a new three-month contract with the Bears, until the end of the 2018 season, with the option of a further 12 months.
Vote Leave has launched a competition to see who can win £50 million if they can correctly predict the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships. £50m is the amount the Leave campaign says the UK sends to the EU every day - but how realistic is that?
The Met Office has issued a weather warning for snow and ice across much of Scotland on Saturday night and into Sunday morning, with warnings in place for ice on roads and pavements across the north of the country and the north east of England.Â£1,000 worth of snow is expected to fall over the weekend.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he would be surprised if there was a big exodus of players from the club following promotion to the Scottish Championship this season."The majority of them seem pretty happy" with their current contracts, according to the Hibernian boss.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter has ruled out the possibility of becoming the next vice-president of world football's governing body, saying he would "definitely not" be the next man in the role.Â£1bn-a-year vice-presidentship of the sport's world governing body.
One in five women in the UK is diagnosed with breast cancer, according to a new study.Researchers say one in five new dads are affected by the condition at some point in their lives.Â£1.5m is spent on breast implants every year, with one in 10 men suffering from the condition.
Sky Sports has dropped darts commentator Eric Bristow from its coverage of Newcastle United's match against Newcastle United after he suggested paedophiles were "wimps" who did not "get their own back" on their abusers when they were children, the BBC has said.
A man and a woman have appeared in court charged in connection with the death of a woman who was stabbed to death in a street attack in West Countryfile, Avon and Somerset, police have said in a statement to the BBC's Newsround website and social media.
The BBC is to launch a new Ideas Service to bring the "best of Britain's cultural institutions and thinkers" together in an effort to "understand the world" in an "ever more complex world", the corporation has said in a major speech on its future.
US home improvement retailer Home Depot has reported better-than-expected sales growth for the fourth quarter, helped by a surge in demand for home improvement projects in the US.Shares of the company have risen 2% after it said it would increase its dividend and buyback this year.
Tyneside have signed striker Nyal Bell from League One side Rochdale for an undisclosed fee on a three-year deal.Â£10,000 has been paid in compensation for the 18-year-old's release by Rochford United, reports BBC Radio Newcastle.
A Turkish court has begun hearing evidence in the trial of 11 people accused of taking part in a deadly underground mine disaster that killed more than 1,100 people last year, in what is thought to be the worst industrial accident in the country's modern history, state media report.
The focus of the UK-led coalition air campaign against Islamic State (IS) militants in Iraq is turning to the city of Mosul, the last major stronghold of the group in the country, Michael Fallon has said, as he announced the start of a new offensive there.
Jamie Murray and Bruno Soares beat Joao Sousa and Marcelo Melo 6-3 6-2 to reach the final of the Monte Carlo Masters doubles and extend their winning run to five matches in a row for the first time this year.Â£1.5m
A 21-year-old man has appeared in court charged in connection with an underground bomb alert at a London Underground station which led to the evacuation of more than 100 people and the disruption of rush-hour services in the city centre, the BBC has learned.
A court in India has sentenced six policemen to life in prison for the 1993 killing of 20 Sikh men in a so-called "fake encounter" in the northern state of Uttar Pradesh, in what is believed to be the country's first death sentence handed down by a federal court.
China's schools are "robbing the young of the opportunity to blossom into unique individuals" by focusing too much on studying facts, says one of the UK's leading education lecturers, who has visited China for the first time since the country's One Child policy came into effect.
Employees' representatives could be given a say on executive pay as part of a shake-up of corporate governance in the UK, the government is considering, the BBC has learned from a government source who declined to be identified by BBC Newsnight's Victoria Derbyshire.
A shipyard that went into administration last year is to reopen with the aim of creating 1,300 new jobs in a five-year plan to turn it into a "21st Century shipyard" capable of supplying luxury yachts for the "super rich".
The sister of a teenager who was beaten to death in Manchester more than 40 years ago has made an emotional appeal on BBC One's Crimewatch for information about her sister's death on the eve of the 40th anniversary of her death.Â£10,000 is to be made available to help find her killer.
The family of a teenager who died in a crash have paid tribute to a "beautiful, talented, loving daughter and sister", saying their "hearts have been utterly broken" by her death.The thought of life without her is "impossible to imagine".
Five more members of the Finance Department board have resigned in the wake of a vote of no confidence in the department's finance minister, the assembly has been told by a member of the House of Keys committee that is responsible for the department and its finances, it has been announced.
Guus Hiddink has been named as the new manager of Chelsea on a three-year deal, replacing Jose Mourinho, who was sacked by the club on Thursday.The former Netherlands boss says he is "excited" to be back at Stamford Bridge after a spell in charge.
British pair Liam Broady and Heather Watson lost 6-4 6-2 6-3 to Chan Hsien and Yui Kamiji in the women's doubles final at the Aegon International in Eastbourne, losing 6-1 7-6 (7-5) to the world number one sisters.
Australia thrashed New Zealand to win the Four Nations for the second time in three years with an emphatic victory at Anfield in the final game of this year's tournament in Australia's home town of Liverpool.The Kangaroos produced a stunning display to complete a stunning tour of England.
An artificial surf lagoon in north Wales has been forced to close for the rest of the year due to a "serious failure" which could take three months to repair, bosses have warned customers and staff to return in the new year when the attraction reopens.
A campaign has been launched to save a Grade II-listed former mill which was gutted in an arson attack, with campaigners calling for the tower to be restored to its "former glory" and "to keep it in the landscape" for future generations.Â£10,000 has been raised to help save it.
The new vice chancellor of Oxford University has called for an "open debate" on campus radicalisation, saying it is "imperative" that universities have a place where radical ideas can be expressed and challenge extremism's "incitement to violence" without fear of reprisals.
The Lego Movie has won four awards at the New York Film Critics Circle Awards, including the top prize for best film of the year for Moet's The Ten Year Old Virgin, a documentary about a teenage orphanage in the 1970s and 80s in the US.
The chief executive of Dumfries and Galloway Council is among three senior staff leaving the authority in the space of a few days, it has been announced in a bid to save the authority £1.5m in the short-term budget for the next financial year.
World number one Lydia Ko carded a one-under-par 69 to share the halfway lead at the Women's PGA Championship in the United States after the first round of her first major of the year, the ANA Inspiration, in Seattle, on Thursday.
Joe Garner, the chief executive of BT's Openreach division, is to leave the telecoms firm to take over as boss of the UK's second biggest building society, the Nationwide Building Society, the government-backed lender has said in a letter to staff.
Kilmarnock have made their third signing of the summer by bringing in Alloa Athletic's Liam Waters for the start of the Scottish Premiership season, subject to a work permit and a work visa application, on a free transfer on 1 July 2017, with the option of a further 12 months.
The Church in Wales has written to Gwynedd council bosses objecting to plans to merge two schools in the town where it is based, saying it is "deeply disappointed" by the move and fears the trust between the two organisations has been "shattered".
A "dominating bully" has been jailed for a minimum of 11 years for his part in a gang smuggling guns and ammunition into the UK from the Netherlands, a court has heard, after being found guilty of a series of firearms offences by a jury at Belfast Crown Court.
The New Horizons spacecraft is about a week away from its historic flyby of Pluto, and its thrusters are about to fire up in preparation for the encounter that will be the most important so far in its history.Â£1bn mission to the dwarf planet's history.
England fly-half Danny Cipriani will return to Wasps for the 2016-17 season after signing a new two-year deal with the Premiership club until the end of the 2017-18 season."It really does feel like coming home," says the England international after announcing his return to Coventry.
The government has delayed its decision on whether to back a new nuclear power plant in Somerset, after the company behind it approved funding on Thursday, but said it would not be ready to sign off on the project before the end of the year, BBC News has learned.
Grimsby came from 2-0 down to beat Aldershot and move into the play-off places in the National League with a fourth win in five games in all competitions this season, all of which have come at Grimsby Town's expense.
McDonald's is having to ration its French fries in Japan because it's running out of American potato chips, reports the BBC's Tomi Shohei Kawashima in Tokyo, and says it could run out by the end of the year.Â£1.5m worth of potatoes have been imported from the US.
Wales scrum-half Jamie Roberts will make his first appearance at Twickenham as he plays for Cambridge University in the Varsity match against Oxford on Saturday, 2 September.Â£50,000 prize money will be awarded to the winner of the match.
Judges in England and Wales could be able to jail rapists for a maximum of 19 years under new sentencing guidelines being proposed by the UK's top criminal court body, the Sentencing Council for England and Welsh law body has said, as part of a shake-up of the way courts deal with sexual offences.
Wigan Athletic have signed Manchester United striker Jordan Powell on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, after his contract expired at the end of last season, reports BBC Radio Solent on Monday night (19:30 BST).
Austria's new president has said he is willing to work with the far-right Freedom Party if certain conditions are met, as he was sworn in for the first time since losing his job in a run-off election to the party's candidate Norbert Hofer.
When Jordan Spieth won the US Open as a 16-year-old amateur at Augusta National in 1999, he was offered $100,000 (£77,000) for his parents' hand in exchange for the chance to go to the Masters with him, a deal that would have been worth more than any other player in history.
Millions of people in the self-assessment system are being urged to renew their tax credits before Sunday's deadline, or face paying more than they need to to avoid being hit with a tax bill they do not need to - or paying more tax than they needed to.
Northampton Town boss Chris Wilder has been shortlisted for the vacant Bolton Wanderers manager's job, BBC Radio Lancashire understands, with the Championship club still looking to appoint a new boss after being relegated from the Premier League this season.Jimmy Floyd Hasselbaink is one of three shortlisted candidates.
Edinburgh Capitals head coach Scott Johnston was left disappointed after his side failed to make it back-to-back Elite League wins for the first time this season as they lost to Dundee Stars in a weekend double header in Kirkcaldy and Dundee on Sunday.
The world's largest container ship has arrived at the Port of Felixstowe to become the first of its kind to dock in the UK for more than a year.Â£1bn worth of cargo has been delivered to the port, it has been announced.
Glamorgan and Gloucestershire were made to battle for a first-innings total of 220 on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Cardiff, with both sides struggling with the pace and seamers at the Principality Stadium on day three.
It is "perverse and counterproductive" to use money raised from a sugar tax on soft drinks to pay for healthy-pupils projects, councils have said, amid concerns it is being used to fund school projects at the expense of children's health, the Local Government Association says.
Land Rover has announced that it is to replace its iconic Defender model with a new vehicle that will be called the Defender for the 21st century, in a move that it says will be "true to its heritage, while meeting the requirements of a changing global market".
Southampton manager Claude Puel says the club want to keep defender Virgil van Dijk at the club next season, but will wait until the start of the new campaign to see if he is fit enough to make his first start for the club against Burnley on Saturday.
Akzo Nobel has rejected a second takeover bid from US paint and adhesives giant PPG Industries, saying the US firm's offer is "unacceptable" and "inadequate" for the Dulux Dulux and Hammerite paint brand owner and its shareholders.
Glasgow City thrashed Inverness Caledonian Thistle 14-0 in the first round of the Scottish Women's Premier League Cup, while Scottish Cup holders Forfar beat Hearts 5-1 at McDiarmid Parkhead on Tuesday night to reach the second round.
The Red Cross has warned that Yemen is running out of food supplies and that millions of people are dying as a result of hunger and disease caused by the conflict in the war-torn country, which has left 19 million people in need of humanitarian aid, including 2.1 million children.
United Airlines has said it will stop flying its Belfast to Newark route, ending the only direct air link between Northern Ireland and the United States for the first time in more than 50 years, after a row with the Stormont Executive over state aid funding was blocked by the EU.
South Africa coach Pitso Mashaba says the blame for the team's poor form at the Africa Cup of Nations should be put on the grassroots, rather than the national team's performance in Gabon next year."The problem of not scoring goals doesn't start here," he says.
The Russian government has launched a new online version of the encyclopaedia Wikipedia, which it says is the first of its kind in the world, with the aim of making it "more accurate" than the English-language version of online encyclopaedic search engine Wikipedia.
When James Fearon was forced to retire from athletics at the end of last year, his wife and coach persuaded him to come out of retirement at the age of 26 and give up on his sprinting dream."I would have quit if it wasn't for them," he says.
Striker Kris Boyd believes the Scottish game could benefit from a move to the United States, but thinks it would be "difficult" for Scottish clubs to play in the country's biggest city.Â£5m-a-year league.Â© BBC Scotland
Four men have been arrested in connection with a crash in Oldham in which a girl and her cousin were killed on Christmas Eve, police have said, as a fifth man has been de-arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving in relation to the collision.
League Two side Wycombe Wanderers have signed former Southampton midfielder George Gape on a two-year deal.Â£20,000 has been paid in compensation for his release by the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months at the club.
A five-year-old boy who ran a 5km race without his walking frame has been honoured at the Yorkshire Awards for his "outstanding contribution to the sport" of triathlons and triathlon for disabled children aged five and under.Cricket star Joe Root has been named Man of the Year at this year's awards.
The UN climate change conference in Copenhagen has ended in deadlock, with world leaders unable to agree on a new legally binding agreement, and the world leaders struggling to come up with a plan for the future of the world's climate, leaving many wondering what can be done about it.
Former England footballer David Ginola has launched a campaign to challenge Sepp Blatter for the Fifa presidency, saying he is "in this for the long haul" and believes "anything is possible" to get him on the ballot paper in May's election.Â£2.3m is needed to fund his bid.
Former world number one Kerry Doherty will face Kirsty Evans in the first round of qualifying for the Women's World Championship at the Crucible Theatre of Dreams in Sheffield on 8 April, it has been announced on the World Snooker Federation's official website.
It is not every day you get the chance to bowl at one of the world's most famous cricketers, let alone play against one of his former team-mates in his own home town in the county where he played his last game for the England one-day team.
Burkina Faso coach Pedro Duarte is confident his squad for the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon can overcome injury problems before the tournament starts next month, despite a number of players being ruled out through illness or injury.The 2013 runners-up have been named in his provisional squad.
A police officer fired a Taser at a man who was trying to set himself on fire in his parents' garden, an inquest has heard, setting him alight and setting him on fire himself as he tried to put it out, a court has heard.
Southern rail has withdrawn its offer of a "bribe" to the RMT union in a bid to end a long-running dispute over driver-only trains, the union has said in a letter to the union's general secretary, Mick Cash, and other union leaders.
California has declared a state of emergency in two counties devastated by wildfires in the north-western part of the US state, as thousands of firefighters battle to contain the flames that have destroyed hundreds of homes and threatened thousands of other buildings in the past week, officials say.
Southport have parted company with manager Steve Burr and assistant Gary Watson after a run of three straight defeats."Disappointing" results have led to their relegation from the National League, the club have said in a press release to BBC Radio Southport.
Police investigating the kidnapping of a California jogger who was found tied up and tied up have said she had a message branded on her face and body, as her husband said she suffered "torture" by her captors and was "covered in bruises and burns".
Campaigners have launched a bid to save a century-old public swimming pool in Reading from closure after the council said it would sell it to pay for a new facility in the town centre in the next few years to help fund a new pool in the area.
It's been a busy week in the world of emojis, so let Newsbeat bring you a round-up of the best of the latest in the best in the art of emoji-making. Check out these answers to your questions below... and don't forget to tweet us @BBCNewsbeat!
The family of a police sergeant who died after being hit by a car in Swansea have paid tribute to a "beautiful loving wife, mum, daughter and sister who will never be forgotten".A "incredible hole" has been left in her family after her death, they said.
Canada's Adam Hadwin won his first PGA Tour title with a one-shot victory at the Canadian Open at Torrey Pines after a final round three-under-par 69.Â£1.3m (£1.1m) in prize money was awarded to the Canadian.
A group planning to hold a protest parade in north Belfast has been urged to reconsider its plans by a number of prominent figures in the local community, including the SDLP and the Catholic Bishop of Connor, who have signed an advert in the Irish media.Â£50,000 worth of community support has been put in a newspaper advert.
A tree planted by the suffragettes in Glasgow 100 years ago has been named the Scottish Tree of the Year for the first time in a competition held to find the best tree in the country to represent the country's "hidden history" in the world of trees.
Cyclist Stephen Irvine has announced his retirement from international competition after failing to qualify for the Rio Olympics in Rio in 2016."The passion to train and put all that time into it has gone," says the Northern Ireland rider who won two world titles in 2013 and 2014.
Manchester United's Ashley Young says manager Louis van Gaal has given him the confidence to play for the club and could help him earn his first England call-up for more than two and a half years this month."I can only repay him with my performances on the pitch," says the midfielder.
India's controversial Kudankalum nuclear power station in the eastern state of Tamil Nadu has started generating electricity for the first time, state-run media report.The plant, jointly built with Russia, is now operating at a capacity of 1,000 megawatt (MW).
The death of a woman who died after surgery at a Greater Manchester hospital was not due to a lack of weekend staffing, a coroner has ruled.The trust responsible for her care has said it does not believe her death was due to any difference in resources available at weekends.
Ospreys head coach Steve Tandy says there are "question marks over the officiating" after his side's Pro12 defeat by Munster at Thomond Park on Friday night was marred by two incidents of "borderline ridiculous" behaviour from the officials.
Nuclear safety at a UK naval dockyard is set to remain in special measures for at least three to five years, the UK's nuclear watchdog has said, blaming a lack of progress by the site's management company, Babcock International, for the problem.
A man police want to speak to in connection with a fatal stabbing in Dumfries and Galloway has been found, the force has said in a police appeal to trace him in the local area on social media site Facebook.Â£10,000 has been raised for a reward for information leading to his capture.
A teenage boy has been arrested on suspicion of sexually assaulting two girls at a children's play park, police have said, following a fresh appeal for information about the attack on BBC One's Crimewatch programme in August.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of a suspect.
Birmingham City have won their appeal against the red card shown to Ryan Adams in their defeat by Birmingham City.Â£10,000 fine will not be refunded by the Football Association after the player was cleared to return to the club on Monday, reports BBC Radio Birmingham.
A mother and her two-year-old son who were found dead at a house in west London have been identified, police have said, with a "possibility" a third party may have been involved in the "tragic events" that led to their deaths.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for more animals to be allowed on hospital wards in England to help patients recover from illness and injury.Â£1m should be spent on bringing animals on to wards, the organisation has said in a new report.
The charity Beat is calling for a ban on the sale of stimulant laxatives to children as young as 12, following a 30% increase in calls to its help lines over the last year where people have mentioned overusing the medicine in an unhealthy way, the charity says.
One of the UK's most senior trade ministers has told the BBC that leaving the European Union without a free trade deal with the EU would be bad for the UK and bad for Europe, but that it was in everyone's interest for Britain to have as free a trading relationship as possible after Brexit.
Police in the Republic of Ireland are continuing to investigate the activities of one of the London attackers, Rachid Redouane, after he was shot dead by police on Monday night in County Wexford on the outskirts of Dublin.The investigation into his time in the country has been stepped up.
Teachers' pay should be decided by the assembly rather than the UK government, Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns has said as he announced plans to devolve powers over the issue to the Welsh Government.The issue is a "devolved matter", the UK Government has said.
A 17-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after the car she was travelling in crashed into the side of a house in Dumfries and Galloway, police have said in a new appeal to find out what caused the crash.Â£10,000 worth of damage.
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has opened a new exhibition at the Auschwitz death camp in Poland, marking the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz-Birkenau death camp and the end of World War Two in Nazi Germany's Auschwitz concentration camp in 1945.
More Syrian refugees have been resettled in Wales than in any other part of the UK over the past three months, new figures have shown, with an increase of more than 50% on the previous 12 months, it has been revealed to the BBC Wales news website.
Jessica Ennis-Hill, a former Olympic gold medallist, has launched a series of fitness and fitness events in Windsor to encourage people to get active and become more active in the city centre and to help them find the "first steps to finding a way into sport".
A soldier has been killed in a collision between a car and a tank during a large-scale Nato exercise in Norway, police have said, while the country's armed forces are on a Cold War-style exercise in the north of the country, local media report.
In the centre of the city of Kano, in northern Nigeria, hundreds of people are still waiting to hear from the families of the victims of Friday's attack on the main mosque in the city, which left more than 200 people dead and hundreds more injured.
Italian police have seized more than 1.5bn euros (£1bn; $1.8bn) in assets from one of the country's most notorious organised crime figures, officials have said, in a major anti-mafia operation.Â£1bn worth of assets have been seized from him.
Two German tourists have been sentenced to up to eight strokes of the cane in Singapore for vandalising a train during their stay in the city-state, in what is believed to be the first case of its kind in the South East Asian city state in recent years.
A project to protect the heritage of Snowdonia's highest mountains has been given initial approval for a £198,000 grant from a lottery fund set aside to help protect them from "threatened" by climate change and rising sea levels and sea level change over the next century.
North Korea has strongly condemned the US missile strike on a Syrian airbase, state media report, saying it proves the country's decision to strengthen its nuclear deterrent was the right choice to "stand against power with power" in the face of "imperialistic aggression".
The Belfast Giants will host the Elite League's best player of the season for the first time in the club's history in a pre-season friendly match next month.Â£100,000 will be awarded to the winner of the Belfast Giants versus Colin Shields All Star game.
A British man has been arrested in Turkey on suspicion of being a member of a terrorist organisation, his lawyer has said, but he does not know when he will be charged with terror offences in connection with his activities in Syria in 2015-16, the BBC has learned.
The HS2 high-speed rail line is to excavate part of a former burial ground in south-east London to allow the removal of human remains, it has been announced.Residents have held a protest at a memorial service in a bid to save the site.
Kent captain Chris Stevens hit an unbeaten century to put his side in a strong position on day two of their County Championship Division Two match against Essex.The match is now level at 1-1 after rain washed out the final day at the County Ground on day three.
The head of the Lebanese Shia militant group Hezbollah has said its fighters are helping the Syrian army in its fight against rebels, in his first public comments on the conflict since the start of the uprising in March 2011, state media reports say, quoting the group's leader.
Former SNP leader Alex Salmond has said he expects a second independence referendum to be held in the autumn of 2018, two years on from the first vote in favour of Scotland remaining in the UK's union with the rest of the United Kingdom and leaving the European Union.
A large fire has broken out at an industrial unit in Surrey, forcing the closure of a major road in the area for more than 24 hours, the fire service has said, but no-one is believed to have been hurt in the blaze, which is being treated as suspicious.
A World War Two bomb has been found in a park in Lancashire, prompting the evacuation of a nearby cafe and the Army to be called in to carry out a controlled explosion, police have said, after it was identified as a World War One device.
A police force in mid Wales is to start using body-worn cameras for the first time in the force's history in a bid to "provide the public with more reassurance" and "swift justice" in the wake of the Grenfell Tower attack.
Comedian Eddie Izzard is to run 27 marathons in 27 consecutive days in South Africa to raise money for Sport Relief and Comic Relief's annual Sport Relief event, which takes place on 27 March next year.Â£1m will be raised by the event.
Scott Allan's potential move to Celtic would be a "no-brainer" for the Scot, according to former Rangers captain Barry Ferguson, who believes it would be "a no-brainer for him to go to the big club" to join the Ibrox side.
A woman has died in police custody after being found "unresponsive" in her cell at a Lancashire station, it has been confirmed to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website on Monday morning, the force has said in a press release on its Facebook page.
Ireland head coach Joe Schmidt says his side's poor start to their Six Nations opener against Argentina was the reason for their heavy defeat in Saturday's final game of the tour in the UK and Ireland's failure to win a series for the first time since 2008.Â£1.5m in the process.
A Japanese father who left his six-year-old son for six days as punishment for throwing stones at cars has said he has forgiven him for the ordeal, local media report, saying he is a "good dad" and "forgiving" him for his actions.
A pensioner has avoided going to jail after drinking in a pub in Aberdeenshire while he was in breach of a drink-drive ban, a court has heard.Â£1,000 worth of alcohol was found in his car boot after he was stopped by police.
The owners of a former hospital in Denbighshire have been told they will not have to pay nearly £1m for urgent repairs costing £940,000 to the listed buildings in the area, a council has said, despite a public inquiry into the £1.5m bill.
An Israeli policeman has been placed on forced leave after footage emerged of him abusing a Palestinian driver as he argued with him over parking next to a lorry in Jerusalem, police said on Tuesday.The incident has sparked outrage in Israel and calls for him to be arrested and prosecuted.
Former Manchester United boss Sir Alex Ferguson says Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football, despite the midfielder's injury problems this season."I don't know how Louis van Gaal can expect to get the best results with the injuries he's had," says the Scot.
An agency that advertised for a "sexy" personal assistant with a "b-c cup" has been accused of "sexism" and "appalling" by the UK's equalities watchdog, which says it will write to the firm "immediately" to complain.
More than half of people in the UK do not believe Jesus was a real person, according to a Church of England survey of the English public, with the vast majority believing he was a mythical character, rather than a historical historical figure, a poll has suggested.
The unmarked graves of four young girls killed in a World War One explosion in Wrexham are to be marked 100 years after the tragedy, it has been revealed after a local history group set up to mark the centenary of the tragedy.Â£10,000 has been raised to pay for their burials.
The daughter of Lord Janner, the former Labour peer accused of historical child sex abuse, says it is an "absolute outrage" that the public inquiry into the allegations against him will not cross-examine evidence he could not have committed the crimes he is accused of.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has been accused of inciting violence at his rallies, after a series of protests at rallies across the US over the weekend left at least one person dead and more than 100 people injured, most of them minor injuries, in Chicago and other cities.
Children who read regularly as children are more likely to have better vocabularies than those who read only broadsheet newspapers, a study has found, adding to research linking tabloid newspapers to poor cognitive attainment at age 16 and to poor reading habits as an adult.
National League side Lincoln City have signed Scunthorpeleton midfielder Luke Davis on a two-year deal following his departure from National League North side Screwsbury Town, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport's Paul Hartley and BBC Radio Lincoln on a one-year contract.
A dog, a cat and a cat have joined the trend of dogs and cats at polling stations across the UK on the last day of campaigning before the general election on 8 May 2016, as part of the BBC's #DogsAtPollingStations project.
Scotland's justice secretary Michael Matheson is to hold a summit of legal experts to discuss the implications of Brexit on Scotland's justice system, following the UK's vote to leave the EU on 23 June 2016, it has been announced in the Scottish government's press office.
Aid workers in Vanuatu say they have reached six of the islands hardest hit by Cyclone Pam and have begun distributing supplies to people on the island nation's six main islands, including the capital, Viti Levu, which was hit by the cyclone last week.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the attempted murder of a woman who was found with serious neck injuries in a city centre in northern Germany, police say, after she was dragged by her neck through the streets by her ex-partner, who then handed himself in.
Barnsley moved into the play-off places in the Championship with goals from Scott Roberts and Luke Fletcher securing victory over Coventry City, who slipped to a third straight defeat.Â£3m-rated Barnsley ended a run of three straight league defeats.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe says his side's recent poor form is not down to a lack of confidence, despite failing to score a goal in their last two games.Â£12m-rated Bournemouth have lost three of their last four Premier League games.
When I first met Mahatma Gandhi in 1937, he was living in a remote village in the northern Indian state of Gujarat, in what is now the western state of Rajasthan, I had never heard of Kanu Gandhi, the man who would go on to become one of India's best-known photographers.
A man has been arrested after two women were sexually assaulted at a block of flats in Edinburgh in the early hours of the morning.Â£1,000 compensation has been offered to one of the victims and a further £1,500 to the other following a police appeal.
A Torfaen communications company has gone into liquidation with the loss of up to 140 jobs, the BBC has learned from the BBC Wales news website, with some staff claiming they are owed thousands of pounds in unpaid wages by the firm's insolvency firm.
A mayor has resigned after he gave a "very strong" character reference to a taxi driver who had been convicted of rape, the leader of the local authority has said, calling it "very difficult" for him to keep the trust of the public "and keep the public".
American Jason Dufner is one shot off the lead after the second round of the Travelers Championship at TPC Southwind after holing an 18-foot eagle putt at the 18th hole on the penultimate day of the event in New Jersey.
Cyclists in a Nottinghamshire town have been banned from riding their bikes in a pedestrian-only area ahead of the Tour of Britain cycling race, a campaign group has said, calling it "stupid" and "anti-social" for the event to go ahead.
Three Syrian refugees who helped police track down a would-be suicide bomber in the German city of Leipzig are being hailed as heroes by the country's media and politicians, and are being recommended for posthumous honours for their actions in the face of danger.
Working-age households aged 25-34 are at risk of being less wealthy at each age than those born a decade earlier, according to a new report on the state of the UK's wealth and pensions system in the late 2000s and early 21st Century, it has warned.
Spain's anti-austerity Podemos (We Can) party has joined forces with the Socialists of Spain (PSOE) to try to form a government after the country's snap election next month, exit polls suggest, with polls suggesting a close race for the presidency.
Liverpool have signed Aston Villa striker Christian Benteke for a fee of £27m, subject to a work permit, on a five-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the club for a further year.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested after a woman was raped in a railway station car park in the early hours of the morning, police have said, adding she is in a serious condition in hospital in a critical condition in a hospital in London.
Two things have emerged from BP's results today that are worth bearing in mind if you want to know what's going on at the company and why it is doing so well in the face of the low oil prices and the Deepwater Horizon disaster in the Gulf of Mexico.
More than 50 pupils have been sent home from an academy in Manchester for failing to meet uniform standards.The principal of the school has defended its new rules, saying it is part of a "much wider push on behaviour, attitudes and respect" by the school.
Bollywood filmmaker Sanjay Bhansali is planning to make a film based on the life of India's most famous female boxer Mary Kom, who is from the country's north-eastern state of Manipur, he has told the BBC's Geeta Pandey Joshi.
The new £1.1bn Queensferry Crossing could open to traffic by May 2017, six months earlier than originally planned, according to the project's boss, despite a delay due to high winds causing work to be halted for two months in April and May.
Plans to ban parents in Wales from smacking their children have been branded "scaremongering" by a group of parents who say it is not a crime to smack a child and should not be criminalised.The Welsh Government has been accused of painting parents as "violent thugs and child abusers".
China's southern Guangdong province is gripped by a political crisis that could see the overthrow of the entire Communist Party in Wukan, the largest village in the province, writes the BBC's Yashan Zhao in the southern Chinese city of Shanwei, where protests are taking place.
It's been the 'greatest' election campaign in the history of the United States of America - or at least that's what it seems to be to me, as I'm writing this blog on the eve of the most important day of the US presidential campaign so far.
A £2.5m factory in Lancashire has started producing washing machines for the UK market for the first time in more than 30 years following a £1.8m investment in a new factory in Northamptonshire, it has been announced.
US President Barack Obama has criticised David Cameron over the UK's intervention in Libya, saying the UK "could have done more" to help the country's people after the overthrow of Colonel Muammar Gaddafi in February 2011, the White House has said in a statement to the BBC.
A former IRA man who faces extradition to Colombia over an alleged arms offence has asked the Court of Appeal to quash a weapons conviction for which he received a two-year suspended jail sentence 32 years ago, on the grounds that key evidence was withheld from the trial judge.
A North Korean court has sentenced a US man to life in prison without possibility of parole for "hostile acts" against the state, state media say.North Korea has accused him of plotting to overthrow the country's government and spreading "plot-breeding bases" in China.
League One side Raith Rovers have signed striker Dominic Thomas from Motherwell for an undisclosed fee, subject to a work permit and a work place at the League Cup winners' training ground being granted by the Scottish League One club's parent club, Motherwell FC Halifax.
Leigh Centurions ended Salford Red Devils' hopes of a top-four finish in the Super League with a comfortable win at the AJ Bell Stadium to ensure they finished bottom of the table for the first time since 2008.Â£100,000 will be paid out in compensation for the loss of six players.
Veteran actress Jaime Winstone is to play Dame Barbara Windsor in a new BBC One drama about her life, while Sam Spiro is to reprise the role of the Queen of Broadway for a second time in a biopic to be called Babs, it has been announced.
Soldiers in Ivory Coast have taken control of the capital, Abidjan, and the city of Bouaké, in the latest stage of a week-long mutiny over pay and conditions, officials and witnesses have told the BBC and other news agencies.
California Governor Jerry Brown has vetoed a bill that would have eliminated the so-called "tampon tax" in the US state, a move that has sparked a global campaign to end the controversial tax on women's sanitary products and other sanitary items.
Chancellor George Osborne has said the UK economy is "turning a corner" after the "economic collapse was even worse than we thought", in a speech to business leaders and academics in London on Wednesday night and Wednesday morning, but warned against "going back to square one".
It's not easy being a journalist at a summit of European Union leaders in Brussels, let alone a prime minister at one of the most important summits in the EU's history, as David Cameron is about to embark on a four-month renegotiation of the UK's relationship with the EU.
Plaid Cymru has launched its manifesto for the assembly election, promising to save 10,000 lives and put Wales on par with the rest of the UK in terms of health, education and the economy over the next 10 years if it wins power in May's assembly election.
Plans to build a new school on a former landfill site in Sheffield have been approved by councillors despite opposition from residents and health campaigners who said it would be a "waste of money" and a "disaster" for the area where the school will be built.
Pork prices have fallen by 18% in the last year, according to the National Farmers' Union of Scotland (NFU Scotland) which represents Scotland's pig farmers, with some saying it could lead to a collapse in the number of farms operating in the country.
Hand-knitter Anne Di Gilpin has been making knitted clothes for centuries, and her designs are often considered one of the best examples of consistent luxury in the world of handmade goods - but there are plenty of people making things that are just as good, or even better.
Thieves who stole more than £1m worth of power cables and sold them as scrap metal have been jailed for a total of 12 years and eight months.Â£1m in fines and costs to Network Rail have been handed to a gang of 12 men.
Pop star Justin Bieber has been sentenced to two years in jail for throwing eggs at the house of a neighbour's mother, a crime that carries a maximum penalty of six months in jail and a $10,000 (Â£6,000) fine.Â£5,000 fine.
It's fair to say that more needs to be done to ensure that children with disabilities are properly included in all aspects of school life, but what does this mean in practice, and what is it like to be "included" in a mainstream school and what does it actually mean?
Leigh Centurions have appointed former St Helens head of rugby Keiron Cunningham as their new director of rugby at the end of the Super League season, reports BBC Radio Manchester.Â£1.5m has been paid to bring in the ex-St Helens assistant coach.
Sir Rod Temperton, the British songwriter best known for writing Michael Jackson's Thriller, has died, his record label has announced, after a short illness, his family has confirmed to BBC Radio 4's Today programme.Tributes have been paid to the "brilliant prolific" and "superlative" musician.
England women's record run-scorer Sarah Taylor has retired from international cricket to take up a role with the International Cricket Council (ICC) as a development officer in the United Arab Emirates, reports BBC Radio Solent on Thursday night and will not play in the T20 Blast.
Cardiff City striker Kenneth Zohore scored a late winner as the Bluebirds made a winning start to life back in the Championship with victory over Burton Albion in front of a sell-out crowd at the Pirelli Stadium in a game dominated by the home side.
A man has appeared in court charged with causing death by dangerous driving following the death of a woman who was hit by a bus in Merseyside last year, causing her to fall and hit her head on the pavement and later died in hospital from her injuries.
Star Wars actress Carrie Fisher is in intensive care after suffering a suspected heart attack on a flight, her brother has said, and her co-stars have paid tribute to the "very tough girl" who "has survived many things" in her short life and is "a very tough girl".
Average speed cameras are to be installed on three of Scotland's busiest motorways as part of a £1.2bn project to upgrade the network.Â£1.5bn of improvements are being carried out to improve safety and improve the flow of traffic on Scotland's roads.
England's Moeen Ali hit an unbeaten 68 to put his side in a strong position on day three of the fourth Test against South Africa at Old Trafford.The hosts are on course to win the series 3-2 after rain washed out the third day.Â£1.5m of play.
Amputee football is growing in popularity in Scotland and now a new league is trying to get more people involved in the sport, but what does it mean for the amputee community and how do you get involved in a sport that has been around for thousands of years but is only just becoming popular?
A coroner has ruled that three Scottish soldiers killed in an explosion in Afghanistan were unlawfully killed by an improvised explosive device (IED) triggered by a command wire from behind a 10ft wall of a nearby compound, an inquest has heard, after hearing evidence from an earlier inquest.
Ospreys captain Alun Wyn Jones says he is "delighted" the Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) is close to agreeing a new contract with the region's four regional teams, but admits it is "not ideal" it has taken so long to resolve.
Gardeners' World TV presenter Monty Don has warned of a "dwindling" in the number of independent garden nurseries supplying supermarkets, saying it is "bad" for the UK's garden plants market and consumers' ability to grow their own plants.
A diver has been rescued from a sunken shipwreck in Argyll after suffering severe hypothermia while working in the sea floor with a friend on Saturday morning, the RNLI has said.Â£2,000 worth of equipment has been donated to help her recover.
Oscar Pistorius has told his murder trial that he tried to save the life of his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp after she was shot in the head with a cricket bat at his home in South Africa."I did not intend to kill her or anybody else for that matter," he told the court.
Israeli police have launched a major anti-corruption investigation into the sale of school trips to Auschwitz-Birkenau and other Nazi death camps in Poland for thousands of students each year, media reports say, citing reports in Israeli news outlets and officials in the country's finance ministry.
Struggling Bradford were held to a draw at home by League One strugglers Oldham, who remain without a win in five games after a 1-1 draw at Valley Parade in the first round of the EFL Cup second-round tie between the two sides.
Nice have signed Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder on a free transfer from Galatasaray, the Ligue 1 club have announced on social media site TMZ.com, subject to a work permit and visa issues, but have not given details of his contract.
Dover recorded their first National League win of the season with a 3-1 victory over Chester at the Crabble Athletic Athletic Stadium to move to within a point of the play-off places with three games remaining.Ricky Miller, Joe Healy and James Alabi all scored their first-half goals.
Hundreds of people have attended a protest in Falmouth against plans to build new student accommodation at the University of Falmouth, which could see up to 1,000 students living in the town over the next three years, it has been claimed in a report by the BBC.
Traffic management measures are to be introduced as part of a £1.2bn upgrade of Scotland's motorway network, Transport Scotland has announced.The first traffic restrictions and safety cameras will be brought in along key sections of the M8, M74 and Raith Interchanges.
Drug addicts in Wrexham could be offered treatment rooms to help them beat their addictions, under plans being considered by the region's top police and crime commissioner in a bid to tackle the "blight" of drug abuse and drug dealing in the area.
Ed Miliband has told a rally in Glasgow that he will not "sacrifice the future of our country" if Labour does a post-election deal with the SNP, saying the UK could be "on the verge of electing a Labour government" in the event of a hung parliament.
The number of weddings held in Gretna last year was slightly down on the previous record, according to the latest official figures for Scotland's "marriage capital" - but it remains one of the country's most popular places for same-sex weddings, it has been revealed.
A mother who went missing with her five-year-old son has been told she can contact police if she feels comfortable to do so, in a video posted on social media by police.Â£10,000 has been made available to help her find him.
Councillors in Pembrokeshire have voted to hold a second public consultation on the future of two schools in Haverfordwest, which could see them shut down by the end of the school year, BBC Wales can reveal later on Thursday.
Hospitals are one of the biggest employers in the UK, but are there any big changes to the way children are treated in the country's hospitals, or are they just too busy or are there too many people waiting to see a doctor for the first time?
The family of a boy scarred for life after he was mauled by a dog in Cardiff have been awarded £10,000 in compensation by a court in the city's town centre after launching a legal action against the dog's owner's mother for not properly maintaining a fence.
A teenager has died after falling from a statue of General Sir Isaac Newton Redvers Buller in the grounds of the Royal Navy base where he worked as a marine cadet at Devon's Royal Navy Base at Devonport, Devon Police said on social media site Facebook.
UK house prices rose by 9.5% in 2015, the fastest annual rate of increase since 2006, according to the latest figures from the UK's largest mortgage lender, the Halifax, which tracks house prices across the country for a third year in a row.
A flag flown by Admiral Lord Nelson at the Battle of Jutland in 1788 has been discovered in a cupboard at a Denbighshire castle, its owner has said.Â£50,000 is expected to be paid for it when it is auctioned.
A British student has been sentenced to five years in prison in the United Arab Emirates for possessing drugs with a street value of about £3,000 in a car in Dubai, the BBC has learned from a lawyer for a British man who claims he was tortured into making the confession.
Police investigating the murder of Jean McConville in 1972 have been given access to the transcripts of an interview with a former loyalist IRA man who gave evidence to an American history project in the 1970s and 80s about Northern Ireland's Troubles, it has been confirmed.
Macedonian weightlifter Alexander Artykov has been stripped of his Olympic bronze medal after failing a drugs test at Rio 2016, the Court of Arbitration for Sport has ruled.Â£1.5m worth of gold medals have been stripped from the Moldovan.
Watford's winless run in the Championship extended to seven games as a second-half equaliser from Andrej Antonio earned them a draw at home to 10-man Nottingham Forest, who are now winless in seven games.Â£12m-rated striker Andrej Kramaric scored twice for the visitors.
It is "more important than ever" that people in Wales spread the message of "togetherness and unity" in their communities, the first minister has said in his Christmas message to the nation, as Syrian refugees make their home in Wales for the first time.
Golf's Olympic future could be in doubt if the PGA Tour does not comply with anti-doping rules in time for next summer's Games in Rio, says the head of the sport's world governing body, the Olympic Council of Europe (OCE).
"I don't know who I am, I'm not you, I don't want to know who you are, I just know that you're not me... sorry, sorry, that's what you said that was meant to be your reply to a Facebook message.
Footage has emerged of the moment police stormed the Lindt cafe in Sydney, Australia, where a gunman was killed by police before he was shot dead by officers, an inquest has been told by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) media.Â£1.5m (A$1.6m; $1.8m) in bail money has been paid to the cafe's owner.
Four decommissioned Royal Navy frigates are to be recycled after being sold to two firms in the UK and one of them in the Middle East, the Ministry of Defence has confirmed to BBC Radio Devon and BBC Radio Solent reports.Â£3m is expected to be recovered from the sale of the ships.
Salford Red Devils have signed Wales international Tyrone McCarthy from Warrington Wolves for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is released by the end of the season.
A man has died after falling from a cherry picker at a Lincolnshire factory, police have said, following an investigation into the death of a 23-year-old man who was working there at the time of the incident on Lincolnshire's Lincolnshire border.
Syria has submitted to inspectors the final declaration of its chemical weapons stockpile, the international watchdog overseeing the destruction of the country's arsenal has said in its first statement since its mission began in Syria last month.Â£1bn worth of chemical weapons has been declared by the country.
A therapy that corrects the genetic errors that cause cystic fibrosis has opened a "new front" in the fight against the disease, doctors have said in a landmark study in the journal of the journal Nature.Â£1.5bn-worth of drugs could be used to treat the disease in children, say doctors.
A bookshop dubbed one of the best in the world is facing a £5,000 repair bill to keep it standing after structural work was put off for more than 40 years due to the cost of restocking its shelves and moving out of its current location.
The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) has welcomed news that Asda is to increase the price it pays for milk in Northern Ireland, saying it is a "starting point" in efforts to help farmers in the crisis over the price they are being paid for their products.
The government has been defeated in the House of Lords over plans to give English MPs an effective veto on English-only laws after a vote of no confidence in the government's bid to get the plans through the Commons and Lords passed by the end of the year.
A man who posted "grotesque" comments on Facebook about a Fife toddler who was later found dead has been jailed for eight months.Â£1,000 fine and a community payback order of £1,500.Â¬3,000 costs to his employer.
The president of Cyprus is due to address the country's parliament amid uncertainty over the terms of a bailout deal agreed with the EU and International Monetary Fund (IMF) on Saturday.Â£8.6bn has been agreed for the island, but the deal must still be approved by the parliament.
Two climbers have reached the top of two of the highest sea stacks in the archipelago of St Kilda for the first time in more than 80 years, it has been revealed.Â£10,000 worth of bird droppings left by St Kildans have been cleared from the cliffs of Stac Lee and Stac an Armin.
More than 13,000 drivers have been caught speeding in Cardiff since a camera was installed on the M4 in 2012, new figures have revealed - with more than twice as many being caught for red-light offences than for any other camera in the UK as a whole.
The inquests into the deaths of the 22 people killed in the Manchester Arena attack have been opened and adjourned at the start of a hearing into the death of the suicide bomber who carried out the attack, a coroner's court has been told in Manchester.A full inquest into his death will be held in December.
A High Court judge has ruled that the Department of Infrastructure (DRD) breached its duty of care by failing to award a major road contract to a County Antrim firm which had submitted the lowest bid in a public procurement process, a court has heard in Londonderry.
Mae cynlluniau penodol wedi eu cwriad yn cael ei hadeiladu dros y ffordd i gysylltu ardaloedd gogleddol a deheuol y ddinas.
A doctor who carried out "brutal and sustained" attacks on patients has had his jail term increased from four to eight years.Â£1.5m has been increased by the Court of Appeal.Â© BBC News.com Â© Ian Paterson.
Two disabled people have won a legal test case against the government over delays in processing their benefits, the High Court in London has been told in a case that could lead to a change in the way the payments are made to disabled people in England and Wales are paid.
David Cameron has clashed with Labour and SNP MPs over tax in Prime Minister's Questions, as the row over the Panama Papers continues to dominate the political agenda in the House of Commons on Wednesday.Â£1bn is being spent on tax evasion, the Labour leader has claimed.
Shots have been fired in the centre of the German city of Stuttgart, killing one person and injuring several others, German police say, in what is believed to be a gangland-related attack on the city's main square on Easter Sunday evening.
Teachers' leaders in Northern Ireland have rejected a pay offer from the Department of Education and the five largest teaching unions, ATL, INTO, NAHT, NASUWT and UTU    in a row over pay and conditions in the sector, the BBC has learned.
More than half of nurseries and childminders in England say they will have to increase fees or make a loss under the government's new free 30-hour scheme, a survey has found, raising fears it could force nurseries to close or raise prices.
Flamingos may have found a way to stand unsupported on one leg, according to a new study - and it's not just because they're more efficient at conserving their feathers and feathers.Â£1bn-a-year birds are able to do so because of a simple mechanical trick, say scientists.
A woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a 19-year-old man in Londonderry in the early hours of the morning hours of Sunday morning, police have said.Â£10,000 is being sought by police in relation to the incident.
The Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union has agreed to accept a pay offer from London Underground over the Night Tube service, the RMT has said in a letter to the union's members. But three other unions are yet to decide whether they will accept the deal.
The mother of Madeleine McCann is cycling around the UK in a bid to raise awareness of child abduction and the need for a "life-saving" system to help find her daughter's body and other missing children in the event she went missing in Portugal seven years ago.
A Canadian woman has been arrested in Turkey for allegedly insulting the president of the country, her lawyer has told the BBC Turkish news agency Yeni with the help of a lawyer from the Canadian embassy in Ankara.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m; $2.2m) has been withdrawn from her account.
A major search has been carried out for a man who was reported missing in the River Firth near a ferry terminal in Dumfries and Galloway, the RNLI has said, but no-one was found in the water or on the shoreline.
Plans for a £500m shopping and leisure complex have been given the go-ahead to increase the number of restaurants in a bid to attract more people to the site.Â£100m plans for the development have been approved by a council, despite concerns about its impact on nearby towns.
Venezuela's Supreme Court has ruled that the opposition-led National Assembly can take control of the country's parliament for the first time in more than two decades, in a ruling condemned by Latin American countries and the United States and the US, which has recalled its ambassador.
Councils in Wales should not be allowed to raise council tax to pay for social care costs, the Welsh Government has said, because it would "disproportionately affect" some parts of the country more than others, it has been claimed by the BBC.
A 19-year-old man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked by two men in a park in Leyes, Leicestershire, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to catch the attackers.One of the suspects has been described as a "large man" with a ponytail.
Scotland's two busiest airports have reported their busiest January on record passenger numbers for a year-on-year basis, with a rise in international flights and increased domestic traffic also contributing to a strong start to their busiest-ever January figures for the year so far.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has warned that the global economy is at a "critical juncture" and that the outlook for growth is "drastically weaker" than it was at the end of last year.The head of the organisation has said that China's slowdown is a "risk to global growth".
It's been a day that has seen the European Union in disarray, the eurozone in turmoil and the EU's reputation in tatters - all in the space of a few hours in the Cypriot capital, Nicosia, and across the continent.
Two Zimbabwean hunters have appeared in court in the capital, Harare, charged with illegally killing a lion that was shot dead by an American tourist in the Hwange National Park in July.The pair have been released on bail after appearing in court on Tuesday.
Five Canadian servicemen have been removed from the armed forces after they were filmed carrying British flags at a First Nations ceremony in Halifax, Nova Scotia, the military has confirmed to the BBC.The chief of the defence staff has said they face "severe consequences" if they are not willing to defend the country.
The Conservatives have held on to Tatton in the general election, with the party increasing its majority in the Cheshire seat by more than 100 votes in the final round of the vote in Cheshire's most marginal seats, including Warrington North and Warrington South.
At least 15 people have been killed in a car bomb blast in the Syrian capital, Damascus, the state news agency, Sana, says, the latest in a series of deadly blasts in the country over the past 24 hours, including one in the capital's main shopping area.
A bus has crashed into a metal barrier after it left the road and ended up on its side on a grass verge in North Ayrshire, police have said.No-one was injured.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the vehicle.
A man has been jailed for life for the "brutal and senseless" murder of a Romanian woman whose body was found in a car boot in the West Midlands after she went missing more than a year ago.A "very dangerous" killer has been given a life sentence for her murder.
Greenhouse gas emissions in Scotland have fallen to their lowest level since 1990, according to new figures from the Scottish government's climate change strategy office and the European Union's Emissions Trading Scheme (EU-wide Emission Trading Scheme) data programme (EU/ETS).
How did King Arthur come to be, who is he and what was he really like, and who would he have been if he had been alive in the early days of the 5th Century?Â€€€¦ is the question at the heart of a new exhibition about him.
The HS2 high-speed rail project is planning to close more than 200 weekends over the next five years, a campaign group has claimed, with the loss of thousands of rail passengers a year.HS2 has been accused of being "arrogant" and "less than honest" with the public.
A lorry driver who killed a six-year-old girl and injured her mother and her unborn baby in a crash has been jailed for eight years and nine months for causing death by dangerous driving.The victim's mother has said her "perfect life was ripped away from me" after the crash.
Sports Direct boss Mike Ashley has accused MPs of "deliberately antagonistic" behaviour after failing to attend a Commons committee hearing into the company's workers' rights practices in a row over working practices at one of its UK factories, it has been claimed in the Commons.
A man has been arrested after a woman was set alight in a suspected arson attack at her home in Greater Manchester, leaving her dead in a critical condition, police said on Monday.Â£20,000 in cash and jewellery was also found in the house.
A tree in east London is to be used as an office for up to eight people for £1,000 a day, as part of a project to raise money for parks and open spaces in the borough where it is being set up in partnership with a local council.
Australia's new Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has scrapped knighthoods and damehoods for the first time in the country's history, saying the titles were "no longer appropriate" in the nation's honours system, in a move widely welcomed by Australians.
The New England Patriots beat the Seattle Seahawks 34-28 in a dramatic half-time show at the Super Bowl to win the game for the first time in the team's history and end a run of five straight Super Bowls without a victory in the title game.
A Welsh actor who played Darth Vader in the latest Star Wars film has said it was a "dream come true" to be able to reveal his secret role to the world for the first time at the London premiere of the new instalment of the sci-fi franchise.
Leeds United have signed defender Milan Benedicic from AC Milan on a two-and-a-half-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a further year-long loan deal at Elland Road.
A construction worker working on a £100m arts and innovation centre in Gwynedd has told BBC Wales it is a "mess" and "a mess" to complete the project on time and on budget due to a rush to complete it in time for the start of term time.
The BBC has been given exclusive access to the Malheur National Wildlife Refuge in the US state of Oregon, where armed men are occupying a building in a stand-off with the federal government over the fate of a bird reserve and the rights of ranchers to keep their livestock.
The parents of a teenager who was murdered by a man with mental health issues say they have decided to stop running a charity in her memory after 16 years.Â£15,000 will be raised at the last annual Rosie's Walk event in memory of their daughter.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash in Kilkeel, County Fermanagh, police have said, in what is being treated as a "tragic accident" on the outskirts of the village of Ballymena in the Republic of Ireland.
Anglo-Catholic priest Fr John Donegan has been heckled by protesters in north Belfast on Saturday as he made his way to an Orange Order parade in the Ardoyne area of the city to take up his new duties as a priest in Crossgar, County Down.
Anheuser-Busch InBev has raised its offer for rival SABMiller in a bid to create the world's biggest brewer, but the brewer has rejected the new offer, saying it is "substantially undervalues" the company.Shares in both companies closed higher on Wednesday.
An all-white humpback whale known as "Migaloo" has been sighted off the coast of Australia for the first time in more than a decade, according to the Australian government's whale-watching agency, the Australian Whale and Dolphin Conservation Society.
Scotland's Finance Secretary John Swinney has warned that the Scottish government faces "tough choices" when it presents its 2016-17 spending plans to Holyrood later this week, ahead of the most important budget since devolved government began in 1999 and the next Scottish Parliament election.
A court in Denmark has sentenced a journalist to 18 months in jail for selling details of the locations of high-profile royals and celebrities to a satirical magazine that then sold them to the media for millions of Danish krone ($1.4m; Â£1.1m).
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Andrew has had his 12-match ban for violent conduct cut to six games after he was found guilty of violent conduct following an incident in the 2-2 draw with West Bromwich Albion.Â£10,000 fine and three-match touchline ban for stamping on a player's head.
Former England batsman James Taylor has joined Northants as a youth development coach, while James Sales has returned to the county as a part-time player-coach until the end of the season, with the option of a longer term role at the County Ground.
Former Manchester United and Sporting Lisbon winger Nani says Valencia's players need time to get to grips with life back in the top flight after promotion to the Spanish top flight, despite their poor start to the season."We have quality in the team but we haven't been getting the results," says Nani.
England manager Sam Allardyce says Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart is a "big concern" over his future, but insists he will be in his squad for the World Cup qualifier against Slovakia next month.Â£25m Manchester City target Claudio Bravo is close to signing for Barcelona.
Mark O'Shea scored twice as Chesterfield came from behind to beat Port Vale and move out of the League One relegation play-off places.Â£10,000-rated Spireites moved to within five points of safety with victory at the Proact Stadium.
China's imports fell by more than expected in September, adding to concerns about the health of the world's second-largest economy, according to the country's customs authority (CRC) and the Ministry of Commerce (MoC).The country's trade data has shown a sharp fall in imports for the first time since August.
A peer has been found guilty of making racially aggravated comments on Facebook about Gina Miller, including offering a Â£5,000 bounty for the first person to run her over, calling her a "bloody troublesome first generation immigrant" who should be sent "back to their stinking jungles".
The number of people killed or seriously injured on Britain's roads rose by almost 50% in the year ending September 2015, according to official figures.The AA has said it is "disappointing" that the number of deaths has risen by more than 50 in the past year.
Scottish firms have put investment and recruitment plans on hold in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, according to a new survey by the Fraser of Allander Institute in Dundee and the University of Strathclyde's Fraser of Edinburgh.
Manchester United defender Luke Shaw could make his first appearance of the season after recovering from a hamstring injury and could be involved for the first time in the last three games.Wayne Rooney is back in contention after missing the defeat at Manchester City because of a back problem.
The two leading candidates in France's centre-right presidential race have clashed over how to reform the country's welfare system, in the final TV debate before Sunday's first round of voting in the party's presidential primaries in the run-up to next year's election.
Playing with a baby and reading to it can improve the child's cognitive development, according to a study of fathers who played with their newborn babies in the early stages of their lives, it has been suggested by UK scientists in the journal Infant Mental Health Journal.
The government has said it will honour its manifesto pledge to fund free school meals for all infant children in England, despite fears they could be axed in the spending review due to be published later this year, despite opposition from some leading health professionals and head teachers.
Residents in Pembrokeshire could be asked to buy their own black bags in a bid to save the county council millions of pounds over the next four years, a committee of councillors has been asked to look at options for recycling and waste management in the county.
A California man has been sentenced to 16 years in prison for killing 18 cats and wounding three others, including a 17-year-old named GoGo, in a series of animal cruelty crimes that went unsolved for more than a year.Â£10,000 (Â£6,000) in fines and costs.
A football club has become the first in the UK to go vegan, the latest in a series of eco-friendly moves made by the club over the past five years.Â£1m-a-year club to go "plant-based" has announced it has made a "last small step".
Championship side Middlesbrough have signed former Motherwell and Partick Thistle midfielder Mark van Zanten on a two-year deal.Â£250,000 has been paid to the Dutchman on a free transfer on a three-year contract.
World number one Novak Djokovic reached the French Open semi-finals for the first time in his career, but defending champion Serena Williams was knocked out of the women's quarter-finals in the rain-delayed quarter-final on day three.
MSPs on Holyrood's finance committee have backed the Scottish government's plans to change the top two bands of council tax, despite opposition from some MSPs and a Green MSP who said it would "undermine local accountability" in Scotland.
Hull City will assess the fitness of captain Wes Morgan Schneiderlin, who missed the FA Cup win over Lincoln City because of a calf injury, before deciding whether he will play against Burnley on Saturday.Dieumerci Mbokani could make his first start for the Tigers since January.
Manchester City are close to signing defender Jonny Evans from West Bromwich Albion for a fee of about £30m, BBC Radio 5 live has learned, subject to a work permit and a medical, reports BBC Radio Manchester and BBC Radio Lancashire on Monday.
Hundreds of people have attended the funeral of a World War Two airman who died in a nursing home after an advert in a newspaper was put up on social media and a social media appeal for the public's help to pay their respects to a "quiet man" who did his duty.
Katarina Johnson-Thompson missed out on a first major international long jump title as Great Britain won silver at the World Indoor Championships in Beijing, but the team won six other medals on the final day of the event in the Chinese resort city of Guangzhou.
A British passenger on the Thalys train that was attacked by a gunman in Brussels says he was locked in a compartment with no sign of help from the train's staff as the gunman emerged from the gunman's hiding place and opened the door to the next carriage, where he then shot and killed himself.
A Galapagos tortoise has died at the age of 83 at a zoo in the US state of California after a long battle with arthritis and other health problems, zoo officials say, after being cared for for more than 80 years.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) in vet care.
The United States women's football team that won the World Cup will be paraded through New York City later this week, the city's mayor has announced, the first time the city has honoured a national team of athletes for more than a quarter of a century.
The funeral has taken place of two brothers who were found dead in a car in the Republic of Ireland on Monday, two days after their father was charged with their murders on suspicion of their murder and possession of a firearm with intent to endanger life or cause grievous bodily harm.
A former police officer has been jailed for more than eight years for sexually assaulting a young girl and making indecent images of children, a court has been told in a case of "horrendous human depravity" in which he was caught after police found a photo of the attack on his phone.
Plans for a new post-16 sports and leisure centre for children in Torfaen have been approved by councillors in a bid to improve access to education for young people in the area.Â£2.5m plans have been submitted to the Welsh government.
Photographs of the Dambusters raids on two dams in Germany in World War Two have been sold at auction for more than double the price they were expected to sell for, it has been revealed to mark the 70th anniversary of the historic raids on the German dams.
Easter eggs may be one of the most sought-after foods of the year for many, but not if you are a meat and potato lover in Dumfries and Galloway, that is how it has been described.Â£1,000 worth of Cadbury's Creme eggs are being served at a local butcher's shop.
West Brom manager Tony Pulis says Saido Berahino's future at the club is "over" after the striker scored in the 2-1 win over Stoke City to end speculation over his future at The Hawthorns and end speculation linking him with a move to Tottenham.
The maestro of the British and Russian orchestras has given a concert in the Syrian city of Palmyra, where Islamic State (IS) militants have been fighting for control of the ancient city since last year, in a show of defiance against the jihadist group.
The Metropolitan Opera has cancelled a planned broadcast of an opera about the 1985 hijacking of a cruise ship by Palestinian militants, saying it would be "inappropriate" to do so at a time of "rising anti-Semitism", its general manager has said, citing "genuine concern in the Jewish community".
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark wants to see the "wow factor" back in the Scottish Premiership after his side moved to the top of the table with a third win in four league games to boost their hopes of avoiding relegation from the top flight this season.
The UK is sending out a "perverted signal" to the rest of the world by cutting subsidies for renewable energy, the UN's climate change chief has told the BBC, as she criticised the UK government's energy policies in the run-up to the Paris climate talks.
A professor in Japan, Shigeru Arai, has developed a robot that can read and write better than any other artificial intelligence (AI) developed in the world at the time, she has told a technology conference in San Francisco this week. And it is doing pretty well.
Syrian rebels say they have captured the pilot of a military jet that crashed in the north-western province of Idlib on Sunday, killing him and injuring the other two on board, in what is believed to be a rebel-run plane.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $1.8m) in damages.
Former England head coach Stuart Lancaster is interested in the Toulon job, reports BBC Radio France Sport, but is still keen on a role in rugby union in Australia or South Africa, reports the BBC's Mark Lowen in France on Friday.Â£1.5m is on the table for the vacant role at the French Top 14 club.
The man who has voiced Kermit the Frog for more than 30 years is to leave the Muppets, according to US reports, bringing to an end a 40-year association with the iconic cartoon.Â£1.5m worth of merchandise is to be spent on a new sound system for the cartoon.
Police investigating the death of a 24-year-old man in Larkhall have said they are "confident" the answer to his death lies within the local community of the area where he was last seen in the city centre earlier this month, in North Lanarkshire.
An oil rig has run aground on a beach on the Western Isles, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency has said.The Scottish government is in talks with the owners of the rig after it became detached from the tug boat it was being towed from the seabed.
A driver who caused the death of a teenager in a car crash in Cambridgeshire has been jailed for three years and eight months.Â£20,000 in fines and costs.Â© BBC News.com.au.ÂÂ© Jack Mudd.
Widnes Vikings can "turn around" their poor start to the Super League season, according to head coach Paul Betts, despite a run of just one win in their last eight Super League games this season."The players are hurting and we've got to win," says Betts.
Aston Villa assistant manager Steve Black says he had no option but to remove midfielder Martin Olsson from first-team training after he refused to play for the club's reserves in their final Premier League game of the season at Bournemouth last month, reports BBC Radio Solent.
A house in west Belfast has been set alight in two separate attacks in the early hours of the morning, causing extensive damage to the property and smoke damage to another part of the house, the PSNI has said.No-one was injured in either of the incidents.
Welsh Labour and the Conservatives are to launch their election manifestos on Thursday, with just over three weeks to go until polling day in the UK general election on 8 June.Â£1.5bn will be cut from the Welsh budget if the party wins power, the party has said.
A swan shot with an arrow in Fife has been released back into the wild after being cared for by the Scottish SPCA for more than a week following an attack by a bow and arrow-wielding arrow-taker in the town where its mate had been found dead.
Non-formal and in-work education teachers are to be officially recognised by the Welsh Council for Voluntary Youth Services (CWVYS) from 1 July 2017, the Welsh government has announced in a press release to mark the launch of a new register system.
Amnesty International has warned that Saudi Arabia is using the death penalty "to settle political scores" after reports that dozens of people are due to be put to death in the coming days, in what the rights group says is the country's highest death penalty rate since 1995.
League Two side Wigan Athletic Bilbao have signed former Oldham Athletic midfielder Jordan Morgan-Smith on a one-year deal.Â£300,000 has been paid in the transfer market for his services.Â© BBC Radio Solent.com.
A group of zebras escaped from a zoo in the Mexican city of Tamaulipas on Friday, sparking a wild manhunt for the animals. Meanwhile, a raccoon climbed a crane and a lorry full of honeybees overturned in the United States.
Four climbers have been airlifted to safety after getting into difficulty at the summit of a cliff on Skye, the Maritime and Coastguard Agency has said in a press release from Skye Mountain Rescue Team (MRCSO) and Skye Rescue Helicopter.
No action will be taken against a Scottish Labour MP who was questioned by police over his involvement in a pro-independence campaign, the Crown Office has said in its decision not to bring charges against him over allegations of misconduct in a public office or breach of the public order.
The Welsh Conservatives are the only party that can win an overall majority in May's general election, the BBC Wales political editor has been told by the Welsh secretary."Hell will freeze over" before Plaid Cymru's Leanne Wood votes with the Tories, Labour's Owen Smith has said.
Reading for pleasure can improve the health and wellbeing of adults and children, according to a report by the UK's national education body, which is aimed at boosting literacy and wellbeing.Â£1bn is spent on books every year on books for children, it has been claimed.
Formula 1 boss Christian Horner says he is "amazed" that Silverstone has triggered a clause in its contract to end the British Grand Prix at the end of the year and could lose out on £27.5m of potential revenue if it does so.
A lifeboat station in a seaside town has installed a new HD camera to monitor sea conditions and monitor the strength of the north Wales coast's defences against lifeboat launches in the event of a major rescue in the coming days or even years, the RNLI has said.
United Airlines has become the latest technology company to offer rewards to hackers who find security holes in its websites.Â£1m worth of airline miles has been awarded to two people for their work.Â€1m (Â£700,000) worth of rewards.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County came from behind to beat Inverness Caledonian Thistle 3-2 in a pulsating Premiership encounter at Tannadice and move off the bottom of the Premiership table for the first time this season.
Scientists have found that horses react faster to the sight of angry faces than happy ones when they are shown pictures of smiling faces, according to a study in the Journal of the American College of Veterinary Medicine. Watch the full report on BBC World News at 10:00 GMT on Tuesday.
More than 1,000 motorists have been tested for drink driving in north Wales in the past 12 months, police have said, with all results declared as "inconclusive" by a breathalyser test in the last three months alone, it has been revealed.
Two men have been taken to hospital after being attacked in a street in East Lothian by a group of men armed with metal poles and baseball bats, police have said in a fresh appeal to help find the attackers who carried out the attack on the night out.
Atletico Madrid missed the chance to go top of La Liga as a stoppage-time equaliser from Lucas Perez Charles gave Real Betis a dramatic victory at the Vicente Calderon Stadium to leave them nine points adrift of title rivals Barcelona in the title race.
Ben Davies scored his first goal of the season as Tottenham beat Aston Villa to reach the FA Cup fourth round for the first time in 21 years and knock out the Premier League's top-four hopefuls out of the competition for only the second time in their history.
Insurance firm Royal Sun Alliance is to close its office in Birmingham with the loss of 190 jobs, it has been announced to the city's finance and insurance sector.Unite has called for the firm to reconsider its decision to close the Birmingham base in the city.
Manchester United manager Sir Alex Ferguson says he is not concerned about his side's position in the Premier League title race as they focus on their next match against Manchester City on Sunday."The only thing that matters is to win your next game," said the club's record-equalling 25th straight league win.
A drug which can reduce the risk of HIV infection in people at high risk of infection is to be trialled on the NHS in Wales, the Welsh Government has announced in a surprise move against advice not to make it available in its current form on the Welsh NHS.
A Russian long jumper has been cleared to compete at the Rio Olympics after winning an appeal against her ban from taking part in the Rio Games for failing a drugs-testing test.Â£1.5m worth of tickets have been made available for her to watch her in action.
More than £1.1bn was spent on social housing in Wales in 2014/15, according to a new report, with more than 1,900 new homes being built in the same year as in 2013/14, and £872m spent on repairs and maintenance.
Transport for London (TfL) has said it has hired 307 extra staff to work on the new Night Tube service, but Labour has accused it of "blowing its plans" by putting them on the payroll "too soon" for the planned launch of the service.
A wood fire at a Port Talbot dockyard which has been burning for more than two weeks has been brought under control after it burst back into a second blaze on Monday afternoon, the fire service has said, bringing the total number of firefighters involved in the blaze to 16.
The independent inquiry into historical child abuse in England and Wales should be scrapped because it cannot do "half the job", a former Welsh government minister has said, amid claims it is not fit for purpose to deal with ongoing police investigations into alleged child abuse cases in the UK.
The Daily and Sunday Politics are on-air six days a week for much of the year reporting the political news from Westminster and beyond, as MPs and peers debate the big stories of the week ahead, and the issues that matter to them most to the voters and the political world.
White teenagers in England are the least likely to apply for university places, according to the latest figures from the admissions service Ucas, with black and ethnic minority youngsters the most likely to want to go to the most selective schools.The gap between the richest and poorest teenagers is narrowing, the figures show.
Halifax held off a fightback from Hull Kingston Rovers to earn a narrow victory in the Challenge Cup quarter-final first-round tie against the Robins, who finished with 10 men at the bottom of the Super League table after being knocked out in the first round.
A baby who died of sepsis could have survived if he had been taken to hospital sooner, an inquest has heard, but it is "impossible to say" what condition he might have been left in if he did not have the drugs he needed.
An eight-year-old girl has written to her local council asking for a disability-friendly swing for her disabled twin brother at a new play park in South Lanarkshire after it was found he could not use the assisted assisted ones because they were too small.
The granddaughter of Peggy O'Hara has defended a paramilitary display at her grandmother's funeral, saying it was what she would have wanted and should not be used to "disrespect" her family and the wishes of her granny who died earlier this week.
Funding for the JogScotland fitness initiative has been withdrawn by Sportscotland, BBC Scotland has learned from a group of Fife joggers and walkers who have said they are "devastated" and "shocked" by the move.
The DUP Alliance election candidate in East Belfast has found himself on the receiving end of death threats and death threats since his party leader Peter Robinson's surprise victory in 2010, but now he's back on the campaign trail in the hope of winning back unionist votes in the area.
A third Metropolitan Police officer has been sacked for leaking information about a row at the gates of Downing Street to the press, the force has said, the latest in a series of dismissals.Â£1.5m in payouts to officers involved in the row.
Gemma Arterton is in talks to star in the musical version of the 1970s film Made in Dagenham and Redbridge, it has been reported that the production is set to open in London's West End in the autumn of 2016.Â£1m production of the musical will be based on the hit film.
England's collapse in the second Test against India in Visakhapatnam was not down to the pitch, although it was certainly a worrying sign of the state of the players' mental strength.If you want to know what is going through the minds of England's players, you would have to look at the way they played in the first two days of this match.
A man and his nephew have been jailed for stealing more than 100 sheep from sheep farms across the north-east of England, in what police said was the first prosecution under the Proceeds of Crime Act in England and Wales in connection with the theft of the animals.
Greece's prime minister has urged Russia to end the "vicious circle" of Cold War rhetoric and sanctions, saying it is "not productive" for the two countries to remain in a Cold War-style "war of words" with each other.
Team Sky boss Sir Dave Brailsford says he is "not proud" of the way he dealt with the hacking of Team Sky's medical files, but admitted it was "not comfortable" to go through the "a lot of questioning and scrutiny" he had to endure.
A prominent Russian journalist, Alexander Tsilikin, has been found dead at his home in St Petersburg with multiple knife wounds, Russian media reports say, with police saying he may have been murdered on his way home from a trip to the Latvian capital, Latvia.
The surviving crew of Pan Am flight 73, which was hijacked in Pakistan in 1986, have spoken for the first time about the harrowing events that led to their escape from the plane, and how they escaped with the lives of three of their fellow passengers and the hijackers.
The "potentially perilous state" of British policing is being highlighted in a report by the police watchdog, which has warned of an "unconscious form of rationing" by police forces in some parts of the country and a shortage of detectives and neighbourhood officers.
Accrington Stanley have signed Fulham midfielder Tomas Rodak on loan until the end of the season.Â£20,000 has been paid to Fulham for the right-back to join the League Two club on a six-month loan deal, with a view to a permanent deal.
(Open): London's leading shares opened lower, with shares in advertising giants WPP and National Grid among the biggest fallers, after the company announced it was cutting its dividend payout to shareholders by more than 10%. The FTSE 100 fell 1.31% in early trade.
Two teenagers have appeared in court in Canada charged in connection with the death of a teenager who was allegedly gang-raped at a party in 2011 and later took her own life, a lawyer for one of the accused has said, calling the case a "one-sided trial".
Olympic bronze medallist Dan Bevan says he is determined to recover from his broken leg in time to compete at the Rio 2016 Games, despite missing out on a place in the pommel horse team at this summer's Games in Brazil because of the injury.
A man has died following a two-vehicle crash in Caithness on Saturday.Several other people have been injured, one seriously, in a crash involving a car and a lorry, police have said in a report to the procurator fiscal (PST).
The search for a man who went missing while out running in the Brecon Beacons has been called off for the night after a mountain rescue team was called in to try to find him by air and sea.Â£10,000 of equipment has been used to search for him.
Chelsea manager Jose Mourinho described his side's performance in their 1-0 defeat by West Ham as "like a football match from the 19th Century" as his side missed the chance to move up to second place in the Premier League table with a win at Upton Park.
The UN special envoy for Syria has warned that a fragile ceasefire in the country could collapse "any time" if it is not maintained.The UN-brokered peace process will not be enough to save the peace process, he has said at UN talks in Geneva.
Mae Plaid Cymru wedi dweud bod pryder y gallai'r Alban yn dilyn cyhoeddi y bydd yn galed ofnadwy i gymryd rheolaeth o ffawd, yn ôl y farwolaeth yng Ngogledd Iwerddon hefyd.
George North says the British and Irish Lions can kick on from their opening two matches of the tour of New Zealand and win the three-Test series against the Maori All Blacks in two weeks' time if they are to avoid a repeat of 2013's disappointing start.
A suspected World War Two bomb has been found in a street in Rotherham, prompting a security alert in the city centre and the evacuation of a number of homes and businesses in an area of the city.Â£20,000 worth of explosives have been removed from the area.
A song and video celebrating the England football team's 1966 World Cup triumph has been released more than 30 years after it was originally shelved due to a conflict in the Falkland Islands, it has been revealed in the attic of one of the players' friends.
Bangladesh's government has sacked the head teacher of a school where he was publicly humiliated for allegedly insulting Islam, after a video of the incident went viral on social media and prompted outrage on the streets of the capital, Dhaka, and the government to sack him.
Environmental organisations in Northern Ireland have been told their funding will be cut by up to 50% in the next financial year, BBC News NI has learned from the latest round of letters from the Stormont Executive.Some of the organisations affected have said they are "shocked" by the move.
If you are a fan of Indian food, you will know that a good restaurant is a great way to enjoy a good meal, but not everyone agrees that it has to be a one-stop shop for your taste buds and savoury delights, writes Vikas Pandey.
Equiniti has become the first Northern Ireland company to be awarded a contract to provide a time and attendance system for the Passport Office in Glasgow and six other locations across the UK, it has been announced in a government document on Monday.Â£500,000 is to be spent on a cloud computing platform.
The parents of two teenage boys who have been missing off the coast of Florida since Friday say they believe their sons are still alive and have pleaded for help in finding them.The US Coast Guard has expanded its search for them.Â£100,000 (Â£64,100) reward offered for information.
Storm Abigail has been named by the Met Office as the UK is bracing itself for the arrival of the second storm to hit the UK in less than a week.Â£1.5m worth of damage is expected to be caused by the storm, forecasters say.
The Orange Order is "stepping up to the mark" in its response to the issue of parades, the chief executive of the Orange Order in Northern Ireland has said on the BBC's The View programme on Thursday night and on Friday morning, ahead of a court hearing on Friday.
Work on Bristol City's proposed redevelopment of Ashton Gate will begin in May, the club has confirmed, if a judicial review of the plans is not ruled out by the end of this month's High Court ruling period in the UK's most senior court case against the plans.
The Liberal Democrats have suffered another setback in the polls, this time in the Corby by-election in Corby, Northamptonshire, where they were beaten into fourth place by just 0.5% of the vote in the 2015 general election.
Former Everton manager Roberto Martinez says he will "treasure" his time in charge of the club "forever" after his sacking by the club's chairman Bill Kenwright and chairman Roberto Mancini's decision to appoint him as their new boss on Monday.
Newport County have signed AFC Wimbledon midfielder Scott Rigg and ex-Portsmouth midfielder Chris Compton. Both players have agreed new contracts with the League Two club until the end of the season, with the option of a further year-long deal.Â£500,000 in the region.
Watch Wales' journey to the semi-finals of the European Championship in France as they prepare to face England in the quarter-finals at Euro 2016 on Thursday, 16 June at Hampden Park, London, against the Republic of Ireland in a special one-off special on the BBC.
The city of Rome has ordered the removal of padlocks attached to a famous bridge in the Italian capital in a bid to stop it from becoming a shrine to couples who lock themselves to it with a bicycle lock, officials say, saying it is damaging the structure.
Relatives of a British man who was allegedly murdered in India have called for a "proper investigation" into what happened to their "beloved" father-of-three who was found with his throat slit in his mother's home.The Foreign Office has said it is providing assistance to a British national detained in the country.
When Garry Ringrose steps on to the pitch for Ireland's Six Nations opener against Wales on Saturday, he will be anointed as the next Brian O'Driscoll, the man who led the Republic of Ireland to victory over New Zealand in the 2003 World Cup.
Pop star Britney Spears has returned to the stage for the first time in more than a decade, playing a sold-out gig in London's Roundhouse to a sell-out crowd of more than 80,000 people - but it wasn't quite enough to make up for a disappointing performance.
Glenurquharty and Lovat were among the top two shinty sides in the island's top two divisions on the opening day of the Scottish Premiership season as Skye held on for a 1-1 draw at home to Murchison in Drumnadrochit.
Online news site Gawker has been ordered to pay $100,000 (Â£75,000) in damages to a man who was secretly filmed having sex with a woman he met on a dating site, in a case that could have implications for other news outlets.
SDLP MLA Seamus Mallon Eastwood has received the backing of the party's deputy leader Alasdair McDonnell, who is standing against him for the leadership of the SDLP, the party has confirmed to BBC Northern Ireland's The View programme on Thursday.
The AirAsia plane that crashed into the Mediterranean, killing all 162 people on board, is the latest in a series of tragedies that have plagued aviation in recent years.It is hard to escape the sense of shock and horror at the news of the AirAsia tragedy.
Pablo Picasso and Vincent Van Gogh paintings have sold at auction in New York for more than $300m (£200m) each, making them some of the highest-earning works of art sales of the year so far, it has been announced.
Artificial intelligence is being used to speed up the discovery of new drugs, according to one of the world's biggest pharmaceutical companies, with the aim of cutting the cost of clinical trials by a third.Â£1.7bn could be spent on drug discovery in the next five years, the BBC News website has learned.
Wales lost 2-0 to Portugal in their Euro 2016 quarter-final at the Cardiff City Stadium as their hopes of reaching the last eight were ended by the Portuguese side at the last-16 stage for only the second time in their history in the competition's history.
A 10-year-old girl drowned in a hotel swimming pool in Lancashire after being pulled from the water by a former lifeguard and off-duty paramedic, an inquest has been told by police and fire service officers who tried to revive her.
A landowner in Pakistan has been charged with the murder of a boy who was tied to a donkey and beaten to death in a field in the north-western province of Abbottabad, local villagers say, local media reports say, adding that the boy's death is being investigated by police.
Head coach Corey Neilson says Nottingham Panthers have proved they can compete at the highest level of ice hockey by reaching the Elite League play-offs semi-finals for the fourth year in a row with their play-off win over Cardiff Devils."It's pretty special," says the Panthers' head coach ahead of this weekend's event.
Two mental health wards in Cardiff have been closed following a rise in the number of cases of flu in the city, the health board has said, with a number of people suffering from the disease in the community as well as in hospitals and care homes across Wales.
Real Madrid say they have been asked by Fifa to provide information on 51 of the 51 players they have signed in the last five years, including a 16-year-old Norwegian midfielder from Norwegian side FC Midtjylland for £2.3m.
Hibernian's on-loan Hibernian midfielder David Commons says he has no plans to extend his loan spell at Easter Road beyond the end of the season after making his debut for the club on Saturday."I'm not looking that far," said the veteran midfielder after his debut.
More than 500,000 motorists have been caught speeding in a village in the space of a year, according to a parish council speed-monitoring group.A campaign group has called for speed bumps to be installed on two roads in a bid to cut down on dangerous driving.
French energy group EDF has reported a net loss of €1.4bn (£1.1bn) for the first three months of the year as it continues to struggle with weak demand for nuclear power in the UK and weaker demand elsewhere in the eurozone.
Five-time world champion Ronnie O'Sullivan says he does not want the pressure of being the best in snooker, and is trying to find a "place" in the game again as he continues his recovery from a shoulder injury."I'm enjoying my practice more then ever," he says.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to continue to broadcast the Six Nations rugby union championship until the end of the 2017 season, which will see the BBC's coverage extend to March 2017, subject to international rights and other arrangements being mutually agreed by both parties.
Steven Gerrard's farewell speech at Liverpool's training ground on Monday night was the perfect way for the club's fans to express their disappointment at the midfielder's decision to leave Anfield - and it was accompanied by a song and dance from the Anfield faithful."You're not wanted any more."
The justice minister has said he is "deeply disappointed" that the government has not been able to fulfil a promise to provide additional funding for dealing with the legacy of the Troubles in Northern Ireland's troubled past, which was due to start in April 2015.
Catalonia, a region of Spain's Catalonia region, is at the centre of a bitter dispute with the central government over its plans to secede from the rest of the country and become an independent state on 1 January 2017, in what would be the first such move in a decade.
A decision on whether to give planning permission for a £100m development in Guildford could be delayed until the end of the year, a councillor has warned.Â£1.5m plans to build up to 1,000 homes on a former airfield site have "all sorts of issues".
Two water rescue groups in Northern Ireland are to receive grants totalling more than £42,000 to help fund equipment and equipment for their volunteer lifeboat crews and equipment to respond to major search and rescue incidents.Â£1.5m has been awarded to them.
A memorial service has been held to mark the first anniversary of the Sydney cafe siege in which two people were killed and 17 others injured, including a gunman, were taken hostage by a gunman who stormed the building in the city centre and killed two people before being shot dead.
The chief constable of Avon and Somerset Police has been found guilty of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct, the BBC has learned from the police and crime commissioner (PCC) that he is to continue working with the National Police Chief's Council (NPCC).
The Football Association of England and Scotland have asked Fifa to allow their players to wear poppies on armbands for their World Cup qualifier on Armistice Day on 1 November but have been refused permission by world football's governing body Fifa to do so by the Football Association.
Venezuela has confirmed that the search for survivors of a helicopter crash in which 13 people were killed has entered its third day, but has not given a specific timecale for the search operation to be completed, saying it is "continuing with optimism and faith" in God.
A body found in a wooded area in Merseyside has been confirmed as that of missing mother-of-three Stephanie Stevenson.A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder.A woman's body has been found in the wooded Hillsborough area, police have said.
Keaton Rushworth and Richard Onions took three wickets before Keaton Jennings' century put Somerset in a strong position against Durham on day two at Taunton, but the hosts were eventually bowled out for 227 by the end of the day.
Newcastle United have been given a 90-day ban from all football-related activity by a High Court judge after they applied for a judicial review of a decision to seize documents seized during a tax fraud investigation at the club's stadium and training ground in Newcastle.
A group of school principals in Belfast have agreed to write to Stormont politicians in a bid to fight proposed budget cuts to schools in the city.The principal of a primary school in Dunmurry, County Down, has told the BBC he will write to MLAs and MPs to fight the proposals.
Blackpool have signed former York City midfielder Ryan Williams on a one-year deal.Â£1.5m has been signed by the League One side on a two-year contract after his release by National League rivals York City.Â© BBC Radio Lancashire.
A petition calling for a directly elected mayor to be created for Bath and North East Somerset is set to be held early next year, the council has said, after it received enough signatures to trigger a referendum on the issue in May 2016, ahead of the local elections.
Malaysian police say they have found the body of a man who was abducted and murdered last month in a river in the Malaysian state of Johor, where he worked as an army doctor and was being treated for malaria.Â£1.5m (US$1.6m; $2.2m) has been recovered from an oil drum.
Police investigating the double murder of two people at a flat in south-west London have launched a fresh appeal for information about the attack.The victims could have been targeted by a "stranger" on the estate, officers have said, as they renewed their appeal for witnesses.
England's 2-0 win over Japan means they are "not going home" from the Women's Euro 2017 quarter-finals, says head coach Steve Powell after their first win of the tournament in Group A in Stuttgart on Tuesday.Â£1.5m-rated England are through to the last eight of the World Cup.
Thousands of people have taken part in the annual Apprentice Boys' Day parade and thanksgiving service in Londonderry to mark the 400th anniversary of the end of the Jacobite siege of the city in the 17th Century.Â£50,000 worth of fireworks have been used in this year's event.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves full-back Ben Westwood on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Super League club in the summer of 2018.Â£10,000 compensation is to be paid to the Wolves for his release.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group now has about 10,000 fighters in Iraq and Syria, the CIA has said, up from the previous estimate of about 5,000, which was based on estimates of the number of fighters it had in June.
Scientists are hoping to create a mead which could prevent food poisoning and stomach upsets by protecting drinkers from salmonella poisoning after a kebab night out in Cardiff city centre on Saturday night and the morning after, it has been claimed by one of the city's professors.
The European Commission has opened a legal case against the Northern Ireland Executive over its decision not to charge NI Water for water supplies, BBC News NI has learned from Northern Ireland's agriculture department and the Department of Agriculture Environment and Rural Affairs (DAERA) that could lead to a charge on homes.
A memorial has been unveiled in Eastbourne to mark the centenary of the death of a World War One hero who was killed in action in the East Sussex seaside town of Hailsham, near Eastbourne, 100 years ago on the first anniversary of his death.
A psychiatrist who investigated Gulf War Syndrome has been appointed a knighthood in the New Year Honours list for services to mental health and the medical profession in England, Wales and Northern Ireland for his work with the armed forces in the 1990s and early 2000s.
League Two side Bury have re-signed former Bournemouth and Portsmouth midfielder Jordan Hollands on a one-month loan deal, with a view to a more permanent deal at the end of the season.Â£500,000 has been paid to the player.
Voters in Colombia are going to the polls to elect a new president in a run-off election that is seen as a test of the government's ability to reach a peace deal with the country's largest rebel group after five years of negotiations with them.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in oil and gas revenues are at stake.
Dawn Purvis, the director of the controversial Marie Stopes clinic in Belfast, is to step down from her post next month after more than four years in charge of the health service, it has been confirmed to the BBC News NI's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
England's Nick Simpson was knocked out in the second round of the Qatar Open after losing 4-2 to Egypt's Nour El-Khalil in the men's wheelchair singles in Doha on Wednesday night, ending his hopes of reaching the quarter-finals.
Tommy Wright's St Johnstone ended Hamilton Academical's unbeaten start to the season with a win that moved them level on points with second-placed Hearts at the top of the Premiership, thanks to two goals in each half-time from Steven Cummins and Murray Davidson.
A man has been charged with the murder of a student whose body was found in a burning car after she was reported missing from a hospital in Hove on Thursday night, police have said in a police report to magistrates' court on Thursday morning, reports BBC Sussex.
Richie Ramsay says he has "a lot more in the tank" to win a major championship, despite missing the cut at this year's Scottish Open at Castle Stuart, despite finishing in a tie for fourth place."I just loved it out there," said the Scot after his disappointing finish.
Leinster moved six points clear at the top of the Pro12 with a hard-fought victory over Cardiff Blues in a pulsating encounter at the RDS in Dublin, with the Irish province moving to within a point of Ospreys in second place.
Nicola Sturgeon has described the UK government's plan for a customs union as "nonsensical and ridiculous" and "a bit of a laughing stock" ahead of the Brexit negotiations with the European Union, calling it a "daft" approach to leaving the EU.
London Mayor Boris Johnson has said he will "get on with" introducing a Night Tube service "eventually", despite union leaders saying it will not happen this year due to a breakdown in pay talks with London Underground (LU) management.Â£1bn London Underground is to launch the service, he has said.
The quality of care for older people in Grangemouth hospital has been praised by inspectors, but staffing levels need to be improved, it has been said in a report to NHS Grampian in Dumfries and Galloway and East Renfrewshire.
The UN has called on Sri Lanka to set up a special court to investigate allegations of war crimes committed during the long civil war with Tamil Tiger rebels in the north-east of the country, but the government says it will not agree to such an international inquiry.
Paralympic gold medallist Tonia Butterfield produced a stunning throw to win Great Britain's first gold medal of the World Para-athletics Championships in Doha, Saudi Arabia on Saturday night in the women's F51 wheelchair basketball final.
Brexit Secretary David Davis has said Wales will have a "voice" in all negotiations over the UK's exit from the European Union, but there will be "no veto" over the final outcome of the negotiations in the UK and the EU in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Counterfeit malaria drugs are killing up to 1.2 million people a year around the world, according to a study published in The Lancet Infectious Diseases journal, say scientists from the US and South East Asian countries who carried out a large-scale study of the problem.
At least three people have died in Japan after choking on mochi rice cakes, the fire department has warned people to cut them into small pieces before eating them, local media reports say, adding to the death toll from choking on the snack in the country.
Teachers at a school in Cumbria are taking industrial action in a dispute over management and the running of the academy they work at, the National Union of Teachers (NASUWT) has said in a letter to the local authority and BBC Cymru.
The District of Columbia and the state of Maryland have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump, alleging he is violating US law by accepting payments from foreign governments in exchange for his business empire and refusing to give up profits from his properties.The US states are seeking to force him to distance himself from his business interests.
A police training centre has opened at the centre of a £30,000 donation from a cash-in-transit fund to pay for its use of force training equipment and equipment.Â£1.5m of proceeds of crime money has been used to fund the training.
Two Telford academies have been placed in special measures by Ofsted for the second time in a week, the education watchdog has said in its latest report on schools in the town.The trust that runs them has been criticised for a "culture of low expectations" and a lack of support.
A woman has admitted kidnapping a three-week-old baby boy from his father's home in Telford, Shropshire, in what a court has described as a "pre-planned" abduction.A judge has warned she faces a lengthy prison sentence.
Rangers have completed the signing of former Leeds United and Hearts midfielder Mixu Zaliukas on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at Ibrox for a further year."It felt like the right decision," said the Latvian on signing for the club.
The prime minister has revealed she'll be watching Doctor Who, Agatha Christie and David Suchet on TV on Christmas Day, as she prepares for another busy day in the social calendar ahead of the big day of spending with family and friends this festive season in the West Country.
Australia says it is "a step closer" to becoming the first country in the world to export live cattle to China, after signing a deal with the country's government to allow the trade in feeder and slaughter cattle to begin in 2017.Â£950m worth of live cattle could be exported to China.
Police investigating the disappearance of an RAF serviceman who went missing after a night out in Bury St Edmunds have appealed to three teenagers seen in the town at the same time to come forward to help them find the missing airman, who they want to speak to.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been banned for three games and fined £10,000 after being sent off for an "elbowing" elbow.Â£10,500 fine for the incident has been upheld by the Football Association's independent disciplinary panel.
Dinamo Bucharest will send the postponed Romanian Cup final trophy to the grave of Patrick Ekeng if they beat Cluj Cluj in the postponed final, the club has said in the wake of the late defender's death earlier in the week, reports BBC Romania.
Mainland media in China are largely ignoring the corruption trial of disgraced former politician Bo Xilai, who has pleaded not guilty to charges of bribery and abuse of power in his first public appearance since his arrest last month.Hong Kong and mainland media are more interested in the trial of the disgraced politician.
A 90-year-old man who has Parkinson's disease has said he is too weak to walk on his own after being told he will have to rely on a walker to help him get to his home in the village of Hodnet, near Bristol, on Christmas Eve.
Guernsey spent more than £1.1m on advertising and public relations over the past three years, according to new figures obtained by Guernsey's Newsroom website and the BBC.Â£300,000 was spent by the States on advertising agencies, it has emerged.
Great Britain's Bryony Fonseca has won a gold medal in the women's trampolining at the Olympics in Rio, in the same year as her brother Chris, who won the men's Olympic gold medal at the same event in London last year.
Labour leadership hopeful Owen Smith has said he will not be part of any "coup" against Jeremy Corbyn, but will put himself forward as a "credible" alternative to the current party's current leader in the leadership contest.Â£1.5m-worth of donations have been made to his campaign to oust him.
A former Catholic priest is to stand trial accused of a string of abuse offences against boys at St David's School in Inverness. age between 1970 and 1983.commissioned by the High Court of Session in Edinburgh, it has been heard in the Scottish Borders.
The Pakistani schoolgirl who was shot in the head by the Taliban is to open a library in Birmingham dedicated to her life-changing experience in her home city of Birmingham.Â£1.5m is to be spent on a permanent memorial to her in the city centre.
A senior Russian official has been arrested on suspicion of misusing his position to steal millions of dollars in public funds to build a luxury road for the Sochi Winter Olympics, officials say.Â£54,000 has been spent on the project, Russian investigators say.
The UN Security Council has agreed to send more than 200 police officers to Burundi to help the country's security forces deal with a rise in violence.More than 200 people have been killed in the capital, Bujumbura, since the start of the year, officials say.
A drink-driver who killed a police community support officer in a hit-and-run crash in Monmouthshire while driving at 70mph has been jailed for causing death by dangerous driving and leaving the scene of the crash."The consequences of his actions have forever changed my life," said the victim's daughter.
Jack Marriott scored the only goal of the game as Luton beat Leyton Orient at Kenilworth Road to record their first League Two win of the season."I'm really proud of the players, I'm getting to know what they will produce," said Luton boss Nathan Jones after his side's win.
Olympic champion Elinor Barker says British Cycling should be given more credit for the work it has done to improve the way it cares for its riders after her gold medal at the Track World Championships in Hong Kong on Sunday."It's about time they had some good press," said the British Cycling rider.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has pledged to help fund the development of the world's smallest flying car, according to local media, in a move that could pave the way for the vehicle to be used in the 2020 Olympic Games in Tokyo, local media reports say, citing a report.
A 92-year-old woman facing deportation from the UK has been told she can appeal to the European Court of Human Rights after the Home Office suspended her removal from the country on medical grounds.Â£10,000 of donations are being sought to help fund a legal challenge.
The prime minister has said he will consider the case for funding for police in Northern Ireland to deal with the legacy of the Troubles in the light of the terror attacks in Paris and the Trouble-related killings in Brussels earlier this month, the BBC has learned.
A man has been arrested after rugby league player Paul Tickle was seriously injured in an assault at a nightclub in Greater Manchester, police have said, adding he is expected to make a "full recovery" from the injuries he suffered.Â£20,000 worth of cocaine has been recovered by the club.
A firm has been fined £100,000 after a worker was crushed to death by a four-wheel drive machine at a Gloucestershire power station, in a case which could have been avoided if proper training had been given to its staff, health and safety inspectors said.
Algeria striker Islam Slimani Mbolhi has joined Turkish champions Galatasaray from Turkish side Fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £2.5m, on a three-year deal.Â£1.8m has been paid in add-ons to his contract.
Plans to sell a former primary school site in Ceredigion could "squeeze" the community, campaigners have warned as a bid to buy it is set to be discussed by council bosses next week, it has been claimed by a group planning to take it over.
Millwall missed the chance to move into the League One play-off places as they were held to a goalless draw by struggling Colchester at The Den, who remain without a win in eight league games in a row and are now just one point above the relegation zone.
Truro City manager Lee Hodges says his side have "underachieved" after relegation from the National League, despite being relegated from the Football League this season."We've underachieved by a country mile," says the boss after their final-day defeat.
A Ferrari sports car has been fined for being parked in the Mews in west London for more than an hour without permission by a council traffic wardens, it has been claimed by an auction house which bought it for £2.5m in 2013, but failed to move it within a five-minute window.
When you get on a motorcycle, you don't realise that you are putting your life in the hands of a man who might not be able to save your life, but he is trying to do just that by becoming a first-responder for the sick and injured in Tanzania.
(Close): The FTSE 100 ended the day higher, with shares in housebuilders and ITV leading the way after the broadcaster was named as a potential takeover target by Goldman Sachs, while shares in IITV rose on speculation it could be a takeover target.
Men are more likely to get a pay rise than women when they ask for one, according to a study of Australian workers in a new study published in the Australian Journal of Economics and Social Sciences (AJAS).Researchers say they have found no evidence for the idea that women are reluctant to ask for pay rises because of a perceived taboo.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a racially aggravated assault on a train in Moray last month, in which a woman was spat at and spat at by a fellow passenger in the face and headbutted by another man.
More than 100 soldiers have been contacted by police investigating the Bloody Sunday killings to see if they are willing to be interviewed as witnesses, the PSNI has confirmed to BBC News NI's Colin O'Donoghue programme in Londonderry on Friday.ÂÂÂ¦
Mae'r Weinyddiaeth Amddiffydd wedi gwasanaethu gyda'u swyddi ar ôl y ddau yn aelodau o Gatrawd Brenhinol y Tanciau yng Nghaerdydd, Sir Benfro.
A Sri Lankan court has sentenced a former minister to life in prison for the murder of an opposition MP and three of his supporters, in the first death sentence handed down since the return of President Mahinda Wickrematunge to office in January 2015.
National League side Southport have signed former Fulham and Luton Town defender Paul Lawless on a one-year deal.Â£1,000 a week contract.â€‚¬2,000 has been paid to the player by the National League side Northampton Town.
Funding for a science and technology centre which has attracted millions of visitors over the past 30 years is to be cut over the next three years, the Welsh Government has said.The organisation which runs it has said it is "extremely grateful" it has been given more time to find alternative sources of income.
A teenager has jumped from a plane at San Francisco's airport and climbed onto the wing of the aircraft before running to safety, according to eyewitnesses and local media in the US city and its surrounding area, US media report, and police say he is being held in custody.
Police investigating the death of a British woman whose body was found in Edinburgh last month have said they still do not know why she travelled to the city at the time of her disappearance in the first place she was reported missing in London two months earlier this year, or what happened to her.
Turkish police have detained a group of eight Britons suspected of trying to cross into Syria to join militant groups, the BBC understands.The Foreign Office has said it is "deeply concerned" by the arrest of the group in the south-west of the country.
Franck Perecetola has been killed in a crash during practice for the Isle of Man TT road races on Wednesday night, the TT organisers have confirmed to BBC News NI's Laura Kuenssberg-Meyer on Thursday morning, in which he was the only rider to die.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences at the UK's busiest port in the Channel ports, counter-terrorism officers have said, in the wake of Friday's attacks in Paris and other major European cities around the world, it has emerged in a statement from police.
A petition calling for women to be allowed to enter Hindu temples during menstruation has been launched in the Indian state of Kerala, in a protest against the "misogynistic" views of a Hindu priest who recently said that machines could be used to check women's menstrual cycles.
An allergic reaction to sorbet caused the death of a British woman on holiday in the Greek island of Rhodes, an inquest has heard, after she told hotel staff she feared she was having an anaphylactic shock after eating it while she was there, a court has heard.
A 20-year-old man has been jailed for five years for indecently assaulting a 14-year old girl in a park in April 2014, after meeting her on a social networking site.A judge has described him as a "stupid" and "extremely stupid" young man.
The number of people unemployed in Scotland rose slightly in the final three months of last year, according to official figures for the first time since the financial year began in 2009.The Scottish government has said it is "encouraging" to see a rise in the number in work.
Hull City manager Steve Bruce has confirmed Robert Snodgrass will miss the start of the new season after the winger was ruled out for six months with a knee ligament injury."It's a tragedy for him and for us," said the club's director of football Steve Bruce.
Formula 1 is a world famous sport, but who are the real drivers in the sport and how do you identify them from the fake ones - or the imposters who claim to be the genuine Formula 1 stars? Click here for all the latest F1 drivers' names.
Police have appealed for information after a woman was raped in Dundee city centre on New Year's Eve. the attack was "unprovoked" and "unexplained", officers have said in a bid to find the attacker, who they believe may have fled the scene.
Italy's Vincenzo Nibali has been disqualified from the Vuelta a Espana after a crash on stage two, in which he was involved in a collision with a car and appeared to grab a water bottle from the window of his team car as he left the scene.
Svetlana Kontaveit lost in the final of the Dubai Championships for the first time in her career as she was beaten in straight sets by former world number one Yulia Vondrousova in the women's singles final in Doha.
A 12-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car which failed to stop at the scene of the crash, police have said, calling it a suspected hit-and-run crash involving a "vehicle-like" vehicle.
The number of people dying from heart disease and stroke in Scotland has fallen by more than half in the past decade, according to the Scottish government's public health service (ISD) figures for the past five years.The gap in death rates between the most and least deprived communities has narrowed.
A woman has died after being hit by a car in Greater Manchester, police have said, following a crash involving a car and a lorry in which she was also a passenger, who was later pronounced dead at the scene of the incident by emergency services in Wigan.
Former Doctor Who stars David Tennant and Karen Piper are to reprise their roles in the show's 50th anniversary special, Doctor Who: The Bells of Saint John, it has been announced.The show is to return for the first time since the first episode in 1963.
Two rockets have hit the southern Israeli city of Eilat, close to the border with Egypt, Israeli officials say, in what is believed to be the latest rocket attack on the city in recent days, Israeli police say, but no injuries have been reported so far.
It is 50 years since the first book was published in Australia, and it is still relevant today, but what do we know for sure about the country that was once dubbed the "Lucky Country" and what does it still mean for the world's second-wealthiest nation?
Desert Storm, the first Gulf War, is a war that few people will ever forget - the first major conflict between the United States and the Arab world since the end of the Cold War and the collapse of the Soviet Union in 1991, and the first in which the whole world was involved.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration in the Irish capital, Dublin, calling for an end to austerity measures in the wake of the country's debt crisis and a rise in fuel prices for fuel and food prices for petrol stations across the island of Ireland.
Gloucester and Wales hooker James Hook has returned to his former club Ospreys after agreeing a new deal with the English Premiership club, which will see him join the Welsh region for the start of the 2016-17 season on 1 July, 2017, on a free transfer.
Chloe Grace Moretz has become the latest star to speak out about body shaming on the set of a big screen film, saying she was once told she was "too big" by a male co-star."I went bawling to my brother," she has revealed.
Campaigners have protested against plans for a biomass power plant in Norwich, saying it could pollute a nearby water source and damage a nearby soft drinks factory's business interests in a row over the site's use of straw as a raw material for incineration and heating.
Andy Murray says he is "not nervous" about getting married and that starting a family would be "more life-changing" as he prepares to become a tennis commentator for the first time at the BNP Paribas Open in Indian Wells, where he will play in the semi-finals on Saturday.
ITV's award-winning detective drama Broadchurch is to come to an "emotional conclusion" with a new series, the network has announced.David Tennant and Olivia Colman are among the cast who will return for the final instalment of the hit drama.
Dumfries and Galloway's annual Christmas dinner in the early hours of the morning of 14 December, 150 years ago, was a special occasion for the Doonhams, the people who lived in the town and worked in the shipbuilding industry of the day.
The chief executive of a hospital trust criticised by the health watchdog for failing to meet waiting time targets has resigned after five years in the job.Campaigners have welcomed the news. "It's about time" they said. "We hope there isn't going to be a massive payout."
A road junction where four or five people have been injured since changes to the layout of a dual carriageway were made is to have temporary traffic lights put in place following complaints from police and the public, it has been announced by Plymouth City Council and the council's council.
When Boris Nemtsovsovietsov was assassinated in Moscow last year, he had been working on a report on Russia's involvement in the conflict in Ukraine, in which he was to present evidence of Russian military involvement to his own party and to the Russian opposition.
Inmates at HMP Dumfries and Galloway have their own private room, complete with a bed, a TV, a fridge and a fridge. They are allowed to cook, clean and do homework while they are in prison - but they are not allowed to eat, drink or take drugs.
Jim Duddy ran a fish and chip shop in Londonderry's Glen Road for more than 30 years, but he was also a secret peacemaker who played a key role in Northern Ireland's peace process from the early 1970s to the end of the Troubles.
A "significant" stash of illegal cigarettes and tobacco with an estimated street value of more than Â£100,000 has been seized in Skegness, Lincolnshire, the council has said in a bid to crack down on the sale of the products in the town.
Edinburgh's Hogmanay celebrations have ended with a spectacular midnight fireworks display over the city's Calton Hill and a spectacular street party in the centre of the Scottish capital on the streets of the city centre and on the banks of the River Don.Â£40m worth of fireworks were used to celebrate the 70th anniversary of Edinburgh's festival city.
A large World War Two bomb has been found in the Bavarian city of Augsburg, forcing the evacuation of 32,000 people from their homes, German media say, after it was found near the site of a former crematorium for Nazi concentration camp inmates.
Scientists have discovered evidence that a distant ancestor of crocodiles may have been able to give birth to live babies for the first time in its own kind of vertebrate group - a group that includes crocodiles, turtles and other aquatic reptile relatives of modern crocodiles.
The number of GPs working in Wales has risen by 1% over the past year, according to the latest figures from the Department of Health and Social Care Wales (DHSSW) and the Welsh Government.Â£1.3bn will be spent on the NHS in 2015/16.
What do you do when things go badly for one group of people and not well for another, even though they have done the right things for the right reasons, but the results are not always in your favour? And what should you do if things turn out to be different?
None of the crew on a speedboat involved in a fatal crash in the Solent were wearing seatbelt harnesses or helmets, a report has found, despite safety guidelines requiring them to have them on board at all times.A safety risk assessment had not been carried out before the test run, it has emerged.
The pilot of a small plane which crashed in the French Alps killing himself and his son may have been distracted by an iPad navigation app, an inquest has heard, as he tried to right the aircraft.The plane's wings probably came off when they came under too much pressure, an expert has said.
Former Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has admitted that the UK government underestimated the scale of the civil war in Syria and underestimated the threat posed by Islamic State (IS) to the country's stability.Â£1bn has been spent on Syria since 2011, but the UK has not been able to prevent it, he says.
Stephen Hawking is to give the BBC's Reith Lecture on the Theory of Everything, in which he will examine the properties of black holes and explain why they glow "like hot bodies". He will be the first guest on the programme for more than 70 years.
More than 1,000 schools in England are in debt, according to the government's response to questions from the Lib Dem Party about school funding problems in the country's schools and academies, the BBC has learned from the Department for Education (DfE).
Thousands of airport workers in Chile have gone on strike for the second time this year in a row over pensions, causing major disruption to the country's air transport system and disrupting flights to and from the capital Santiago and other major cities in the south of the country.
Police in Denmark say they believe a submarine that sank with a Swedish journalist on board may have been deliberately sunk, after she failed to return from a trip to the South Korean island of Vanuatu with the submarine's owner, who had been charged with her murder.
Regulators are to introduce a mandatory three-month limit for back-bills for energy customers who have not paid their energy bills for more than a year, amid claims that some are not following a voluntary agreement to back-stop the practice in practice.Citizens Advice is calling for a change in the rules.
More than 900 headstones at a Glasgow cemetery where a boy was killed by a gravestone were deemed unsafe, a fatal accident inquiry has been told by a senior council worker at the centre of the inquiry.Â£500,000 worth of headstones were removed from the site after the boy's death.
The image of James Bond is a familiar one to millions of people, but the spy agency MI6 is taking on a new challenge to change that image - on the big screen, rather than the bookshelf, where it has lain dormant for decades.
Profits at Dixons Carphone, the UK's biggest retailer, have risen by more than 20% after the UK voted to leave the European Union, despite the referendum result last week.Â£1bn-a-year profits have now been reported for the first time.
New Zealand captain Brendon McCullum has signed a one-year contract extension with Middlesex until the end of the 2018 season. He will remain with the club for the 2017 T20 Blast campaign, with the option of a further 12 months in the role if he opts out.
China's Baosteel, the world's biggest steelmaker, is to merge with one of its biggest rivals to create the country's second-biggest steelmaker after ArcelorMittal, in a move that could create the world’s second largest.
Arsenal's FA Cup final win over Aston Villa was a perfect example of why Arsene Wenger is the best manager in the world of football and why he is so good at making the right tactical decisions at the right time, says BBC Sport pundit Alan Shearer.
On 7 August 1947, India and Pakistan became the two new countries that were part of the British Empire, which was then known as the British India and the United Kingdom until the end of the 20th Century, when India became an independent state and Pakistan was formed.
The former chairman of the Independent Monitoring Commission (IMC), Lord Alderdice, has said he does not think the body set up to monitor paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland should be set up again now in the wake of the murders of Kevin McGuigan Sr and Gerard Jock Davison.
Zesco United of Zambia twice came from behind to draw 2-2 with Al Ahly of Egypt to keep alive their hopes of reaching the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals, despite losing 2-1 at home to Zesco on Saturday.
Ed Sheeran has said he is "buggering off for a while" and is taking a break from music to focus on his social media following the success of his second album, x, in Australia and New Zealand last month.Â£1m-selling pop star has announced he is taking time off from music.
A boy with severe brain injuries will receive £3.5m in compensation after he was left brain-damaged when he was born, the High Court has heard, after a long-running legal battle.Â£2.3m is to be paid out to his family.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp said his side's performance in the 3-1 Europa League final defeat by Sevilla was "half-a-half" of their usual quality as he vowed his side would "come back stronger" from the loss in Basel.
Authorities in the eastern Indian state of Bihar are investigating hundreds of cases of cheating in school exams, after parents and relatives were caught trying to pass on answers to their children at great risk to their own lives, the BBC has learned from a photojournalist in the state.
James Pattinson took five wickets as Australia beat the West Indies by an innings and 88 runs in the third Test in Sydney to take a 2-0 lead in the series with two matches to play.Â£1.5m Australia tour costs will rise to £1.8m after the second Test was abandoned because of a follow-on.
Three scientists in Japan, China and the US have been working together for more than 30 years to find a new treatment for some of the world's most deadly diseases, according to a new report in Nature Medicine, which is published online on Monday, 2 February.
German industrial giant Siemens and Japanese conglomerate Mitsubishi have increased their offer for France's Alstom, the world's biggest train maker, in a bid to win control of the firm's energy business.The two bidders have also offered to create a joint venture with the French firm.
Hampshire's Michael Carberry has made his first appearance for the county since being diagnosed with testicular cancer in October last year, just over a year after returning from a 12-month spell on the sidelines with a tumour-related illness.Â£100,000 in prize money has been awarded to him by the county.
A council chief executive who won £190,000 in a defamation case against a blogger may have changed his mind and kept the money, his lawyers have said, after a High Court judge ruled he was "entitled to change his mind" on the issue.
Cheltenham Gold Cup-winning hurdler King George Best Of The West has won the Cheltenham Festival's Champion Hurdle for the first time in the history of the Grade One-winning racecourse at Haydock on Saturday.Reve De Sivola held on for second place.
Bolton and Birmingham played out a goalless draw at the Madejski Stadium in the first round of the EFL Cup second-round tie between the Championship play-off hopefuls and the newly-promoted Championship promotion-chasers.
England's preparations for Euro 2016 continued with a defeat by the Netherlands at Wembley - but it was a disappointing way to follow up last week's win over Germany with a second friendly defeat of the summer in the Netherlands on Sunday.Â£1.5m will be spent on a new Wembley stadium.
Scunthorpe United manager Rob Swann has urged fans to "do not panic" and to "be proud" of his side's progress this season, despite a poor start to the campaign in which they lost at home to Fleetwood Town for the first time in seven games.
Italy v the Republic of Ireland is one of the most eagerly awaited football matches of the Euro 2016 finals in France this summer, and it is not just the players involved who are hoping to make the most of the tournament's final in Lille on Thursday night, but the fans too.
A man is in a serious condition in hospital after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire, Dyfed-Powys Police Scotland has said, while another man has been taken to hospital with a serious head-on crash injury, police have said.
Libya's bid to host the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations finals has been abandoned because of the country's ongoing civil war, the continent's governing body has announced on Friday.Â£100m worth of investment will not be spent on hosting the tournament, it has been announced.
Thousands of people lined the streets of Leeds to watch the Great North Run, one of the biggest sporting events in the UK, take place on Saturday night in front of a crowd of more than 100,000 people in the city centre and thousands more watching on the big screen.
Lily James is not the type of actress you'd expect to see fighting zombies in a film based on Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice - she's not even a fan of zombies, let alone one who's played the lead in a zombie movie.
Ciara Mageean has been left out of the Northern Ireland team for next month's European Indoor Championships after failing to receive a call-up for the meeting in Finland due to a lack of time available to prepare for a race in Sligo next week.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Hughes praised the efforts of his goalkeeper after his side were held to a 1-1 draw by Dundee in the Scottish Premiership match at Tannadice on Saturday night, despite dominating possession for most of the second half.
A fire on the set of BBC soap EastEnders is not believed to have been caused by a firework, the corporation has said, despite a blaze on set on the soap's 30th anniversary celebrations this week.Â£500,000 worth of fireworks were used in the blaze, it has emerged.
The world's media has been congratulating India on its performance at the London 2012 Paralympics and urging the country to adopt a more positive attitude towards disabled people in the future.â€€€‚¬‚‚â€¦
A mental health worker who viewed more than 1,300 images of pornography while working in Essex was sacked, a disciplinary panel has ruled after hearing he was a "pornography junkie" at the time of his dismissal from the county's mental health service, it has emerged.
Jose Mourinho has been sacked as Chelsea manager after a 13-year spell in charge of the Premier League club, with the Blues ending a run of five straight defeats."I want to kill them in the Champions League, that's my message to the players, I want to go there and kill them."
A 25-year-old man has appeared in court in connection with the murder of Karl Haugh in Kilkee, County Limerick, in the Republic of Ireland, earlier this week in which he was stabbed to death in a fight between two other men and another man.
Sunderland winger Adam Johnson has been sacked by the club following his arrest on suspicion of sexual activity with a child, BBC Radio Sunderland has learned, along with his release from the Premier League club on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
A man has been jailed for six months after being found guilty of false tax returns and tax evasion totalling more than £20,000 in Dumfries and Galloway and East Renfrewshire, it has been revealed in the High Court in Edinburgh.
The chief executive of Barnet Council has left the authority after voters in the London borough were turned away from polling stations because their names were not on the electoral register on the day of last month's EU Referendum, it has been confirmed to the BBC.
A woman who baked a giant cake in the shape of a Land Rover to celebrate the car maker's two millionth production run has said she plans to enter a competition for the world's "best wedding cake" in the autumn, but will not enter this year's competition.
The Liberal Democrats have apologised to the boss of a Chelsea estate agent after a campaign for the party's general election website was launched with the same name as his business.The party has apologised for the mistake.Â£1,000 worth of damage has been caused to the firm's business, he has said.
Barcelona have agreed to pay a €5.5m (£4.8m; $5.6m) fine over the signing of Brazil forward Neymar from Santos in 2013, the Spanish club has said, in a long-running dispute over the player's transfer.
Two leading gun control advocates in the US state of Virginia have called for "common sense" gun control laws after the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut, in which 20 children and six adults were killed on Friday night, local media report, as funerals for two of the victims continue.
Shale gas extraction in the UK can be safely done safely, but regulations should be strengthened to protect the environment, a government-commissioned report has concluded, following a review of the technology by two leading scientists and two engineering experts in the US and the UK.
A "suspicious package" prompted the evacuation of the Statue of Liberty Island in New York City, US officials say, after a call to emergency services about a possible bomb threat led to the island being sealed off by police and the US National Park Service (NPS) on Saturday.
Taoiseach (Irish Prime Minister) Brian Cowen has apologised for the "hoarseness" of his voice in an interview with the Irish national broadcaster on Tuesday morning, in which he sounded "half-way between drunk and hungover" on the eve of his party conference speech.
League Two side Raith Rovers have signed striker Frank Herd on a two-year deal and winger Chris Nouble on a season-long loan from Chinese side Shanghai SIPG, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m deal.
Tottenham Hotspur are in talks with the Football Association about playing home games at Wembley for the first time in the next three years, says Spurs chairman Greg Dyke, who says he is "excited" by the club's potential move to the north London stadium.
Coconut trees are considered one of the most beautiful tropical plants anywhere in the world, and are used in everything from food and drink to beauty treatments and traditional medicine in many parts of the world - from the way we wash our hands to how we bathe in the ocean.
UK industrial production fell into recession in March, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), with the sector contracting for the second month in a row.Â£1.5bn worth of goods were lost from the UK's factories in the first quarter of the year.
The UN human rights chief has called for an "impartial investigation" into the killing of five civilians by Turkish security forces in the south-eastern city of Cizre, near the border with Syria, earlier this month, in a "horrific" shooting.
As 2016 draws to a close, it is time to start thinking about how much money you will have left over for the year ahead, according to a money advice service in the UK, and how to keep it in the bank, and what to do with it if you don't have any.
Relatives of the Birmingham pub bombing victims have been told they can apply for legal aid to pay their legal fees if they are allowed to take part in the inquests into their deaths, a coroner has said.The government has said it will not be able to grant it.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has turned down a state funeral for legendary cricket commentator Richie Benaud, who has died after a long illness, the PM has said in a statement to the media in Melbourne.Â£1m ($1.1m; $1.2m) has been offered to his family.
The US has sent 275 military personnel to Iraq to help in the fight against Sunni insurgents, the White House has said, amid reports of heavy fighting in the country's north-eastern province of Diyala and the city of Tal Afar, near the border with Syria.
Police searching for missing Inverness teenager James Mitchell have found a body in the River Ness in the Highlands on the outskirts of the city on Sunday night, BBC Scotland has learned from the emergency services at the scene of the discovery.Â£20,000 worth of clothing has been recovered.
UK house prices rose in December for the first time in three months, according to the Nationwide, the UK's largest mortgage lender, which said the average house price rose by 0.8% compared with the same month last year, the fastest increase since July.
Britain's Andy Murray reached the Australian Open semi-finals with a straight-set win over home favourite Nick Kyrgios in a pulsating contest at Melbourne Park on Wednesday night to reach the last four for the first time in his career."I was just trying to win," said the Briton after the match.
Former Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager John Christie has called for a change in Scottish football to encourage more home-grown players to make their way into the first-team squad and give them a chance to play for the club's senior side.Â£5m should be spent on Scottish football's youth system, says the former manager.
A man's body has been found following a fire at a house in Lewes, East Sussex, police have said, which is believed to have been caused by a gas or electricity fault or gas explosion in the first half of the morning.Residents have been allowed to return to their homes after being evacuated.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested in the southern Indian city of Bangalore for allegedly shooting dead one student and injuring another at a residential school, police said on Thursday evening, in what is thought to be the country's first such incident in a decade.
Coldplay have marked the end of the London 2012 Festival of the Arts with a marathon-style music event in the streets of the capital on the final day of the event's 12-week run.Â£1.5m of public money has been spent on the arts festival, organisers say.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo writes about the history of comforters, and how they have changed over the years, and the role they play in our modern world of mobile phones and social media.
French Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius has said Iran is committed to giving up the prospect of developing nuclear weapons, despite a deal struck with world powers to limit its activity in return for relief from international sanctions on Iran's oil exports and curbs on its nuclear programme.
MSPs have criticised the financial management of Scotland's largest health board, claiming it has a "culture of complacency" about budgetary oversight.Â£2.5m of overspending could have been avoided if the Scottish government had not agreed a deal with NHS Highland.
A woman has died after her car was hit by a train in northern France, officials say, in what is thought to have been a case of "human error" on the part of the driver, French media report, citing a local police official who was on duty.
A Nigerian teenager who was among the Chibok schoolgirls kidnapped more than two years ago has been rescued from a forest in the north-east of the country, the military has confirmed to BBC Hausa news agency Agence France-Presse and local media.
The Irish Football Association (IFA) is to set up a special ticket portal for Northern Ireland fans who missed out on tickets for Euro 2016 after Uefa failed to provide them with priority access to the cheapest tickets for Tuesday's game against Poland.UEFA is to make about 1,000 extra tickets available to Northern Ireland supporters.
Scotland will have 50 athletes competing at the 2016 Olympics in Rio, double the number from London four years ago and the highest representation of Scottish competitors at an overseas Games since the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow in 1896.Â£1.5bn worth of medals will be on offer in Rio this summer.
BBC Persian staff in Iran have been subjected to "increased levels of intimidation" from the country's authorities, the BBC's director of news in the Middle East has said in an open letter to the BBC World News website and the BBC News website's editor-in-chief.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has written to the prime minister urging her to take "urgent action" to resettle more unaccompanied child refugees in the UK from the migrant camp in Calais, a statement from the charities he chairs has said in a joint statement with the head of Oxfam.
Mali's government has asked the UN to provide military help to protect an endangered species of elephant that has been targeted by poachers in the north of the country, officials say.Insecurity in the region has led to a sharp rise in the number of elephants being killed for their horns.
The Queen is to make a special appearance at Cardiff Arms Park to mark the 70th anniversary of The Royal Welsh Regiment's colours being awarded to the regiment in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in June.Â£5,000 will be awarded to The Royal Welch Fusiliers.
Ukraine's new government has appointed a young woman to a key post, but she is facing criticism on social media for being too young and too inexperienced, as the BBC's Olexander Kuznetsoviec reports from the country's capital Kiev, where a row has broken out over her appointment.
A mental health trust has been accused of putting prisoners with "unmet needs" on a waiting list for treatment, a former mental health worker has told the BBC's Inside Out North West programme, describing it as "unethical".The trust has denied the claims.
John McGinn says Hibernian are determined to "get back to winning ways" as they seek to recover from a poor run of form and stay in the Scottish Championship title race at the expense of rivals Falkirk, who are nine points clear at the top of the table.
For the past two decades, Scotland Yard and the Metropolitan Police have been accused of carrying out a series of "covert operations" - using undercover officers to infiltrate protest groups and spy on opposition MPs, trade union activists and the families of children who have died in custody.
Telefonica and Hutchison Whampoa are taking legal action against the UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, over its decision to delay the auction of 4G spectrum before the European Commission's decision on O2 and Three's proposed merger is finalised.
Mexico's governing Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI) is on course to win a third consecutive term in the Senate, officials say, as polls open in the country's presidential and regional assembly elections for the first time since the death of President Enrique Pena Nieto in 2012.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic could be Manchester United's biggest signing since Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, according to a football finance expert who believes the striker could sell more shirts than any other player in the club's squad in the next 12 months if he moves to Old Trafford.
The first ferry to be built at the Ferguson shipyard in Glasgow has been launched into the Clyde and Hebrides at a ceremony attended by hundreds of people at the shipyard's yard in the town of Stranraer, near Inverness, where it is being built.
As the deadline for re-mark enquiries for university places approaches, parents and students are trying to decide what to do with their AS results and how to get on to the right course at the right university for the best possible time and in the right place.
(Close): US stocks closed lower on the last trading day of 2015 as oil prices continued to tumble, dragging down energy-related stocks and sending the S&P 500 down more than 1% on the day. For the year as a whole, the Dow Jones ended 2.2% lower.
David Cameron will have to stand down as prime minister at some point during his second term in office, Work and Pensions Secretary Iain Duncan Smith has told the BBC - but there will be a leadership contest at some stage in the next few years if he is re-elected.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Komla Dumor looks back at the year that has passed since the death of Nelson Mandela and reflects on some of the key moments in Africa's politics and social life of the past 12 months.
The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, Sheikh Abdulaziz al-Obeikan, has been sacked by the country's King Abdullah after a series of controversial comments about women's rights and the role of Islam in the country, officials have said in a statement.
Tesco has agreed to sell its loss-making Fresh & Easy US business to Yucaipa, a Los Angeles-based private equity firm, in a deal worth about Â£100m, for an undisclosed sum, the company has said in a statement.
An Australian health official has been appointed as the new chief executive of Wales' largest health board, it has been announced, with the board forecasting a deficit of more than Â£31m for the next financial year, BBC Wales can reveal on Thursday.Â£1.5m is expected to be spent on the new boss's salary.
Former Rangers and Northern Ireland midfielder Dean Shiels has joined Major League Soccer side FC Edmonton in a pre-season loan deal until the end of the season, with a view to a more permanent move to the Canadian side in the summer of 2017, subject to international clearance.
Kanye West and Paul McCartney are teaming up for a new song called Four Five Seconds of Summer, it has been announced.It's been revealed that the song is a collaboration between the two artists and producer Ty Dolla $ign, and it's a slower, acoustic track, featuring Rihanna.
The police chief of Baltimore has been replaced amid a "crime surge" in the city, the mayor has said, as the city's high homicide rate continues to rise in the wake of rioting in the US city earlier this year and the death of a man in custody.
The number of prescriptions for the acne drug Roaccutane has increased despite warnings about its potential side-effects including depression, anxiety and suicidal thoughts, figures have shown, the BBC has been told by the UK's medicines watchdog.Experts say it is not a cause for concern.
The Peruvian army says it has killed two fighters from the Maoist Shining Path rebel group and arrested another two.Â£1.5m (1.6m; $2.2m) in cash and ammunition.Â¬2m in a raid on their hideout in the Amazon region.
Organisers of the BBC Radio 4's CarFest have said they will carry on with the event despite the death of a pilot who crashed his Folland Gnat aeroplane during an aerial display at a children's car festival on the theme park circuit.
Afghanistan has confirmed that its Taliban leader, Akhtar Mansour, has been killed in a US drone strike, while Pakistan has said he and a passenger were killed in an attack on a passenger jet travelling in the same vehicle, the BBC has learned.
US President Donald Trump is set to announce his decision on whether to pull US troops out of the war in Afghanistan in a major national security address on Tuesday night, his first major policy announcement since he took office in January 2017, and his first on foreign policy since taking office.
(Close): London's leading shares closed higher on Wednesday, with the FTSE 100 index ending the day 1.35% higher, its biggest one-day rise since January.Shares in airlines and property firms were among the big gainers, helped by better-than-expected results.
Ricky Burns' career had been in a state of near-dread before his world title win over Italy's Michele Di Rocco at Glasgow's Hydro on Saturday night, but it was a moment to celebrate not just his achievements but also the very nature of the fight itself.
Myanmar's military has denied allegations it carried out crimes against humanity against the country's Rohingya Muslim minority during a crackdown in late 2014 and early 2015 that left hundreds of thousands of people fleeing violence in the north of the country, a UN report has said, saying it was likely to have committed crimes.
Victims of crime in England and Wales are being let down by a lack of access to the right to make a victim statement before sentencing, the victims' commissioner has said in a report to the House of Lords.The right of victims to be heard in court is being ignored, she said.
An Australian author was taken aback when she received an email saying she had been shortlisted for a $1m (Â£650,000; $1.1m) prize.Â£500,000) prize for non-fiction writing, it has been revealed.
A 102-year-old German doctor who was denied a doctorate by the Nazis because of her Jewish ancestry has finally been awarded her doctorate at the age of 102, in a ceremony at Hamburg University Medical Centre in the east German city of Stuttgart.
Stoke City have signed midfielder Steve Sidwell from Fulham for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £5m."Great experience" and "great talent" are among the reasons behind the deal, says Stoke City chairman Peter Coates following the player's departure from Craven Cottage.
A 62-year-old woman has appeared in court charged in connection with a crash in Aberdeenshire which left three people with serious injuries and three others needing hospital treatment in Inverness hospital after being airlifted to hospital with serious head and leg injuries.
The number of homes repossessed in England and Wales fell by 5% in the second quarter of the year compared with the same period a year earlier, according to mortgage lenders' figures seen by the BBC's Focus on Housing programme on Thursday night (19:00 BST).
Labour has held on to the Bridgend seat of Neath Port Talbot with 52% of the vote in a by-election, according to the latest results from the latest UK Parliament election results, with the Conservatives coming second with 41% and UKIP third with 28%.
The leader of Melton Mowbray Borough Council is talking about seizing an opportunity in a crisis, but how do you do that in the face of cuts in central government funding and a "chaotic" funding system which could leave local authorities in the East Midlands facing a £100m funding crisis?
Worcestershire batsman Daryl Mitchell has been elected as the new chairman of the Professional Cricketers' Association (PCA) after winning a close vote of confidence from his fellow members of the governing body's board of directors.Â£1.5m is to be paid to him for his services.
A leading travel firm is dropping trips to traditional zoos from its tour itineraries, saying they are "relatives of the past" and "no longer relevant" to the future of wildlife tourism in the UK and the rest of the world, the BBC has learned.
Lionel Richie is to headline a series of sold-out shows in Las Vegas next year as he prepares to be honoured by The Recording Academy of Music for his contribution to music and his achievements as a producer and songwriter, it has been announced.Â© Lionel Richie.
Anglers are being urged to be more responsible after a swan was injured and three cygnets had to be rescued at a country park in East Sussex after a fishing hook became embedded in the bird's tongue.Wildlife rescuers are calling for a ban on discarded fishing equipment.
The British and Irish Lions' tour of New Zealand has been one of the best in the history of the game, and the final Test against the All Blacks in Wellington on Saturday will be a fitting conclusion to a tour that will be remembered for so much more than the result.
Vigilantes who target paedophiles who pose a "real risk to a child" are diverting police resources away from tackling real cases, Kent Police has said in a new report to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) and the Home Office.
Swansea City boss Paul Clement says his side must respond quickly to Bournemouth's 2-0 Premier League win at the Liberty Stadium as they look to avoid the drop from the top of the table for the first time since the January transfer window opened.
Work has been suspended at a recycling plant in Bridgend county after a large fire broke out in the early hours of the morning, causing thousands of tonnes of wood chip to catch fire and cause a large plume of smoke to be seen in the area.
Highland Council has said it is investigating complaints about the availability of public toilets on Skye and Uig after a number of incidents of people urinating and defecating outdoors in the past year or so far this year, it has revealed to BBC Scotland.
Mae'r crwner Ceredigion wedi ei gweld yn fyw am y tro diwethaf am tua 19:00 ar 21 Rhagfyr, yn ôl cyfnod y Nadolig yn Aberystwyth yn y cwest.
Welshman Joey Haddad has signed a new two-year contract with Cardiff Devils, keeping him at the Ice Arena Wales until the end of the 2018-19 Elite League season.Â£1.5m will be paid to the Devils for the 2017-18 campaign.
England all-rounder Moeen Ali scored an unbeaten half-century to help his side take control of the second Test against West Indies on day four at Headingley, but still need to win by 10 wickets to take a 2-0 series lead.
News International and News of the World boss Rupert Murdoch "turned a blind eye" to phone hacking, a committee of MPs has concluded in a report into the phone-hacking scandal that could lead to him being forced to apologise to victims in the House of Commons.
The parents of a couple who died of cancer within days of each other have spoken of the "horrifying" loss of their "beautiful" daughter and her husband, saying it was "not the way it was supposed to be".They say they have been "overwhelmed" by the support they have received from well-wishers.
A 24-hour strike by Southern rail workers is set to continue for a second time in a dispute over driver-only operated trains, the RMT union has said, with the government calling for talks with unions to resolve the "shambles" at the rail network.
Mae'r Heddlu'r Gogledd wedi cael eu gweld eu bod yn teithio mewn car Citroen Zara aur yng Nghaerdydd yng Ngwynedd, gyda'r heddlu i ddweud nad yw'r ddau i ddyn nhw ar 101 oed.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of raping a man at a church in Glasgow has been discharged after the judge said he was "outwith his control" in dealing with a "matter which was outwith the control" of the court.The trial has been adjourned until Tuesday.
Swedish cities are experimenting with the idea of shortening working hours to six-and-a-half hours a day, in an effort to cut sick leave and reduce burnout and increase productivity, as the BBC's Mattias Andersson reports from Gothenburg.
Petrochemical firm Ineos has said it is "a step closer" to restarting production at its Grangemouth plant after the closure of a second manufacturing unit in 2008.Â£1bn worth of investment has been completed at the plant ahead of it receiving shale gas from the US.
League One side Braintree Town have signed Crystal Palace defender Ben Davies on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal in the summer, subject to a work permit and an international call-up, reports BBC Radio Solent.
The family of a baby girl who was diagnosed with a rare form of meningitis have stuck pink ribbons all around her home in Bristol to raise money for her medical bills and hospital care in the hope of raising £10,000.Â£1,000 for her care.
Hearts have signed former Manchester United and Huddersfield left-back Ben Eccles Eckersley on a one-year deal after a successful trial spell with the Scottish Premiership club on a free transfer from Danish side Aalborg FC on a two-and-a-half year deal.
The operator of the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in Japan has set out a timetable to bring the plant to "cold shutdown" and allow tens of thousands of people to return home to escape the worst of the earthquake and tsunami that hit the country last month.
Liberty House, the London-based recycling firm, is to submit a formal bid for Tata Steel's UK operations, including Port Talbot's loss-making steelworks, on Tuesday, the BBC has learned from a source close to the £1.5bn-a-year business.
The Vatican has refused to accept the French government's nomination of a gay man as its new ambassador to the Holy See, French officials have said, in what is seen as a major setback for the country's gay rights cause in the Vatican City and the Pope Francis administration.
Celtic and Rangers will meet in the Scottish Cup final for the first time since 2007 after a 3-3 draw in extra time and a 4-3 penalty shootout win for Rangers in the Old Firm semi-final at Hampden Park on Sunday.Â£1.5m will be split between the two sides, with the winners having to settle for third place.
A mother and her partner have appeared in court charged with the murder of her toddler son, who was found with "blunt force trauma" to the head and body.Tributes have been paid to a "lovely, quiet, innocent little boy" who was "always smiling".
The daughter of US actor Paul Walker, who died in a car crash in Los Angeles last year, is suing Porsche over her father's death, according to US media reports, saying the car's safety features could have prevented the accident.Porsche has denied any wrongdoing.
Mexico's President Enrique Pena Nieto has promised to help the victims of Tuesday's deadly explosions at a fireworks market in the north-western state of Tamaulipas to recover from their injuries, and to rebuild the business next year, in a visit to survivors.
Scientists say they have made a leap forward in the search for a universal flu vaccine that could protect against every strain of the virus, after successful trials in mice and monkeys in the lab and in the laboratory have shown promising results in animals and in monkeys and ferrets.
The first stage of a review into the legacy inquests into Troubles-related killings in Northern Ireland has been opened and adjourned in Laganside courts in west Belfast, with hearings due to begin next week in some of the most complex and controversial inquests.
On 26 March 2004, a massive tsunami hit the Indian Ocean off the coast of Sri Lanka, killing more than 230,000 people and injuring more than 500,000 others, many of whom were children and young people from around the world, including many from the UK and the US.
The work and pensions secretary, Iain Duncan Smith, has told the BBC that the prime minister remains "resolved" on curbing benefits for EU migrants, despite the EU saying there is "no consensus" in Brussels over the issue.Â£1bn of EU funding for the UK is to be cut, the BBC has learned.
Fans of Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice have praised the film at its world premiere, with one calling it "amazing" and "giddy" and others saying it was "not good, not great" but "still so giddy" after seeing it.
The conditions at a high-security prison are "inhumane" and "put the safety of staff and prisoners at risk", a watchdog has said, calling for urgent action to be taken to fix "inadequate" maintenance.An inmate was stabbed to death and two others escaped through a window.
US President Donald Trump has appointed his daughter Ivanka Trump to serve as a White House adviser, the White House has said, in a move that has raised questions about possible conflicts of interest and nepotism in the Trump administration, reports say."I will voluntarily follow all of the ethics rules placed on government employees," Ivanka Trump has said.
A pub in a Devon village has been bought by a group of villagers who raised more than £300,000 to turn it into a "community asset" and run it as a "free house" for the next 30 years after it was put up for sale.
A coalition of civil rights groups has called on Facebook to do more to protect the rights of people of colour on the site, in a fresh complaint to the site's founder and chief executive officer (COO) over the way it moderates its community, and to remove posts deemed offensive.
How much would the £1bn M4 Black Route be good for the Welsh economy, and how much would it be bad for the economy, is one of the most important questions facing the Welsh Government as it prepares to present its plans for the new motorway.
Anna Christian has been named in a six-strong Great Britain team for the UCI European Road Championships in the Netherlands next month.Â£10,000 prize money will be split between her two events at the UEC European Championships in August.ÂÂ£20,000 will be awarded to each rider.
Republic of Ireland manager Martin O'Neill said he was pleased with his side's performance in their 1-1 friendly draw with the Netherlands at the Aviva Stadium in Dublin on Friday night, despite conceding a late equaliser in the 2-2 draw.
Chelsea Ladies moved up to second in the Women's Super League One table with a comfortable win over Liverpool Ladies at the Madejski Stadium to move level on points with second-placed Manchester City Ladies after two games of the league season, despite conceding three first-half goals.
Turkey's parliament is debating a bill that would give police sweeping new powers to deal with anti-government protests, including the right to use deadly force against protesters who are not masked or carrying weapons.The move has been criticised by human rights groups and the main opposition.
A campaign has been launched to save the former home of Dylan Thomas in the Chelsea block of flats in which he lived before he died from a heart attack in London's Hotel Chelsea in the 1950s, it has been claimed by the man who restored the poet's birthplace.
In the shadow of New York's landmark Brooklyn courthouse, the New York Stock Exchange stands tall and proud of its place in the history of the city, a symbol of its status as one of the world's most affluent and affluent cities, and of how far the United States has come in the game of football.
Lego has come under fire for asking customers not to use its bricks to make works of art, after the Chinese artist Ai Weiwei's controversial work was exhibited at the Chinese National Museum of Modern Art (CNA) in Beijing.Â£1m-worth of Lego bricks have been removed from sale in the US and Canada.
Police in Italy have arrested more than 50 people in an investigation into alleged match-fixing in football in the country's third and fourth divisions, reports state-run Italian news agency ANSA say, with the arrest of more than 100 people, including top footballers.
The use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes in Wales is being "chemically coshed", according to the health commissioner for older people's mental health and social care in Wales, who is due to publish her findings later this year.Â£1.5m has been spent on drugs for dementia patients in the past five years.
It was an eventful year for Northern Ireland in 2013, but it was also a year that saw a significant escalation in tensions between Stormont's political parties and dissident republicans, as well as the G8 summit in New York and a new generation of unionists arriving in the city.
Birmingham City midfielder George Cooper has joined National League side Braintree Town on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the club on a permanent deal when his contract expires on 1 July.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the 18-year-old.
Highland Council has said it is "committed to providing appropriate access to technology for learning purposes" in all schools in the local authority's areas of responsibility.Â£1.5m is to be spent on improving the quality of education in the region over the next three years.
Police searching for a woman who has been missing from her home in Conwy county for more than a week have said they are continuing to search land alongside Tir Prince leisure park in the town where she is believed to have been last seen alive on the weekend of her disappearance.
Levels of violence at a high-security prison have increased and new psychoactive substances are "undermining" well-being, a report has said, as a new governor is sworn in to a jail criticised for its "inadequate" accommodation and facilities.
Russia has said its forces in Syria have recaptured the ancient city of Palmyra from so-called Islamic State (IS) and are advancing towards the group's last major stronghold in the country, in northern Syria, the city of Aleppo.The Syrian army has also taken control of several towns around the city, Moscow says.
A man in the US city of Phoenix, Arizona, has been charged with killing eight people in a series of drive-by shootings over the past two years, police say, including a 12-year-old girl and a woman who had dated his mother, in what officials say was a case of mistaken identity.
Iran's foreign minister, Mohammad Javad Zarif, has said that Iran will not "sell out" its position in Syria, but his country's hardliners are not so sure about this.© AFP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Getty Images.
Children with peanut allergies have been shown to be able to tolerate a daily dose of peanut protein for six months without any reaction, in the first trial of its kind in the world, say researchers.Experts say the results are a "major step forward" in the fight against the disease.
Education Secretary Michael Gove and Home Secretary Theresa May have clashed over the government's record on tackling extremism, amid a row over the publication of a letter accusing Mr Gove of failing to act over a plot to take over state schools in some schools in Birmingham.
It's not every day you hear about mead brewing in a pub, but that's exactly what's happening in the US these days - the drink is being made at a growing number of commercial meaderies in the state of Maine in the United States, and it's becoming increasingly popular.
The Winchburgh tunnel is to be closed for six weeks to allow work to be carried out to install new electric trains on the Edinburgh to Glasgow rail line, it has been announced.Engineers have said it will cause "considerable disruption" to rail services in and out of Scotland.
The widow of a British man killed in the Tunisia beach attack has said she hopes his legacy will bring "some peace" to those affected by acts of terrorism in the country and inspire others to live their lives to the "full" and "fulfill their dreams".
Police are investigating the death of a man whose body was found in a harbour in Aberdeenshire on Saturday.No foul play is suspected, the force has said in a police statement on social media.Â£10,000 of fishing equipment has been seized.
A second election before Christmas would be a "shambles", Deputy PM Nick Clegg has warned, as he insisted the Liberal Democrats would not do "any pacts" with either Labour or the SNP."No-one will win this election," he said.
A nature reserve in Cambridgeshire has reopened to the public after a £3.5m revamp of its visitor centre, which has been described as "fantastic" and "absolutely fantastic" by the RSPB's director of conservation.
Tottenham midfielder Mousa Sissoko has been banned for four games for elbowing Harry Arter in the face during the 2-2 draw with West Ham at White Hart Lane, the Premier League club have confirmed on Monday.Â£10,000 fine for the elbow he threw at the England Under-21 international will not be imposed.
The way Northern Ireland's assembly and executive work has long been criticised for being too fragmented, and for not having a strong enough opposition to challenge the power-sharing executive.In recent years, the system of government and opposition has been criticised by a number of prominent figures.
A World War One museum is to receive a £1.5m lottery grant to help it celebrate the centenary of the end of World War I and help people understand the impact of the conflict on their own community and the wider world at the same time.
Moussa Dembele insists he is happy to stay at Celtic despite speculation linking him with a move to Chelsea, saying he is "learning" at one of Europe's "biggest clubs" and is "happy" to be at the Scottish champions.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon praised his side's "brave" character after they came from behind to beat 10-man Rangers at Ibrox and maintain their 100% start to the Scottish Premiership season with two wins from two games in the top flight.
Police investigating the murders of three women by serial killer Peter Tobin have announced they are to scale back the operation they have been running for the past 10 years after it became a "national police operation" to try to find out more about the killer's crimes.
Nottinghamshire batsman Billy Root hit a career-best 129 to help his side beat Warwickshire in the One-Day Cup at Trent Bridge, but the Bears' hopes of a first win in the competition were ended by a last-ball collapse.
A teacher from a Neath Port Talbot school has been barred from boarding a US flight with a group of pupils on a school trip, the BBC has been told by the Foreign Office in the UK and the US embassy in the country's embassy in London.
Two brothers conspired to fund their brother's fight for so-called Islamic State (IS) in Syria by selling valuables belonging to their wife and family to help him travel to fight, a court has heard, as two other men appeared in court.
A new report has concluded that a scheme to provide affordable housing for all new homes in Northern Ireland will not work.Â£1bn plans for a single percentage of new developments will not be enough to address the housing shortage in the north of the island, it has been claimed.
RB Leipzig came from behind to beat 10-man Hoffenheim and move up to third in the Bundesliga table for the first time this season.The game finished 2-1 at the Stadion des Lumieres in Dusseldorf, with both teams having a player sent off.
A man has been airlifted to safety after falling 20ft (6m) down a mountain in Snowdonia during a training exercise, the Snowdonian Mountain Rescue Team has said, after a helicopter was called out to help him get back to safety.
Rangers' title hopes suffered a blow as Kenny Halkett's last-gasp header gave Livingston a dramatic win at Ibrox to move Livingston up to third in the Scottish Premiership table and increase the gap at the top of the table to just one point.
Lionel Messi has donated a shirt to a charity auction in memory of a footballer who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run collision with a lorry on New Year's Day, which left him paralysed from the waist down and left his friend with serious injuries.
A man has been left "traumatised" after being attacked and robbed by two men at a bus stop in South Lanarkshire, leaving him with a knife wound to the head.Police have appealed for witnesses.Â£1,000 reward for information leading to the arrest of two men.
Luke Parkin scored a late winner as Forest Green came from behind to beat 10-man Cheltenham and go top of the National League with a 1-1 draw.Â£10,000 in the bonus-point win at Tranmere Rovers in League Two.
Anthony Watson has been named in the England squad for the Six Nations opener against Italy at Twickenham on Saturday, with the World Cup taking place in June.Â£1m-rated England have named a 23-man squad for this summer's tournament.
South Africa beat Ireland by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Johannesburg to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series with a 3-0 win in the best-of-three contest.Â£1.5m prize money will be shared between the two sides.
Flooding has caused chaos in Southend after heavy rain caused a restaurant roof to collapse and a car park to burst its banks on the seafront.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused by heavy rain in the Essex town, the fire service has said.
"I have always wanted to be a beauty queen," says Jocelyn Seifert, a nurse from the Philippines who was crowned Miss Earth in the Miss Universe pageant in New York in 2009, "but I never thought I would ever be able to do it."
Guiseley and Ebbsfleet shared the spoils in a thrilling National League encounter at Nethermoor Park. Both sides came from behind to draw 2-2 after a frantic finish to the first half of their National League game.Â£10,000-rated Guiseley were relegated from the National League after being held to a draw.
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte has said he wants to "realign" the country's military alliance with the United States, saying "they" could provide "an umbrella" for his country's defence if he wins re-election in May.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in taxes
AMs will not have a veto over the triggering of Article 50, the Welsh Government's top lawyer has said, despite a Supreme Court ruling that they should have a say on the issue in the assembly and other devolvedliaments in England and Wales in the event of a vote.
Robert Snodgrass scored twice as Hull City came from behind to beat Southampton and end a run of seven straight defeats in the Premier League with a thrilling victory at Hull City's KCOM Stadium, despite playing most of the match in a dark mood at home to their own fans.
Boaty McBoatface is leading the race to name the UK's new polar research vessel, with Clifford the Big Red Boat in second place in a poll of thousands of people's suggestions.Â£1.5m is at the centre of a "surreal" naming contest for the vessel.
Bournemouth have signed striker Jermain Defoe from Premier League rivals Sunderland for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m, on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the club for a further year.
The mayor of London has appointed a former Metropolitan Police chief to carry out a "strategic review" of the city's security arrangements.Â£1bn of funding for the capital's police and security services is to be spent over the next five years, it has been announced.
A hand-written note giving orders for the end of World War Two has been put up for sale at auction for £1,500.Â£1,000 has been sold at auction in Nottingham for £2,000 ($3,500).Â£2,500 will be the highest price for a single item.
John Whittingdale has been appointed as the new culture secretary, media and culture secretary by Prime Minister David Cameron, the BBC has learned, following a cabinet reshuffle on Wednesday.The BBC has said he will "decide the future" of the corporation and the BBC licence fee.
A British holidaymaker is missing in Bulgaria after being swept out to sea by a large wave while on holiday in the country, it has been confirmed by a family member of a British holiday firm working with the local authorities in the resort of Skiingrad, in the Black Sea.
Oscar-winning actress Jane Fonda has been honoured with the American Film Institute's lifetime achievement award at a ceremony in Los Angeles to mark the 40th anniversary of the AFI's first female honours for film-making achievement in the United States and the 50th Academy Awards.
The NSPCC has said there is a "significant gap" between the number of people who need help and the availability of services for victims of child sexual abuse in the South West of England, following a rise in reports of abuse in Devon and Cornwall over the past four years.
Oldham Athletic have sacked midfielder Cristian Montano after a "thorough investigation" into allegations of match-fixing, the League One club have confirmed.Â£10,000 fine and a one-year ban from all football-related activity has been imposed on him.
"I'm feeling the joints," says the vet who's carrying out a routine check-up on one of the world's oldest and most famous cloned animals. "I'm looking for any signs of arthritis or crepitus or lameness in the joints."
Nigel Farage has said he expects the UK to hold a referendum on EU membership in June next year, as EU leaders meet in Strasbourg to discuss the UK's reform demands for a deal with the bloc's 27 other member states on Thursday night in a bid to reach a deal.
For decades, the United States has been the world's dominant power, a role it has held since the end of World War II, and a role that it has played for most of the 20th Century in shaping the world we live in today's turbulent and chaotic world.
Former Italian champions Parma have been relegated from the top flight of the country's top flight after no offers were made to buy a controlling stake in the club, reports BBC Radio Italia and BBC Radio Frosinone Sport on Monday night and Tuesday morning.
Haiti's President Michel Martelly has resigned three cabinet ministers in a row over his behaviour at a campaign rally last week, after telling a woman to "go into the bushes".The country's main opposition party has accused him of insulting women and has called for him to step down.
Olly Murs and Caroline Flack are to co-host the new series of The X Factor on ITV, it has been announced.Â£1.5m-a-year deal has been signed for the duo to front the show until the end of the 2018 season.
A woman has launched a petition calling for changes to a dual carriageway where a man died after a car ploughed into him, leaving him in a critical condition at the side of the road.The speed limit should be reduced to 50mph, she said.
Part of the railway line between Sheffield and Doncaster has reopened after being closed due to a major fire at a factory in the city centre, the fire service has said, but the cause of the blaze is not yet known, but it is not believed to be suspicious.
A British backpacker has been found dead on a railway track in Thailand after falling from a moving train, a police officer has told the BBC's Thai bureau chief in Chumphon, the capital of Chonburi province, says the Foreign Office has confirmed.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says his side are "lugging over the line" after conceding three late goals in the last three games of the season and admits it is "frustrating" to see it happen in his first 12 months in charge.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola says midfielder Samir Nasri arrived at Etihad Stadium "a little bit overweight" but hopes he will be fit in time for the start of pre-season training in the next two weeks, reports BBC Manchester Sport's Tom D'Ath.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Espanyol 5-0 at the Bernabeu to move level on points with second-placed Atletico Madrid at the top of La Liga.Â£75m-rated Real Madrid made it four wins from four games with a comfortable victory.
Ghana's opposition leader Nana Akufo-Addo has won the presidential election, the electoral commission has announced, ending a four-year wait for a winner.The 72-year-old is the first opposition candidate to win a presidential election in the West African nation.
Security forces in Zimbabwe have fired tear gas and water cannon to disperse hundreds of protesters in the capital, Harare, after a day of clashes between police and protesters.The number of people killed in the city has risen to more than 1,000, police say.
Chelsea won the Premier League for the first time in their history on Sunday, and it was a deserved triumph for a team that has been in total control of the title race since the start of the season and has never had to play catch-up to their rivals.
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 50 injured in an explosion in southern Spain, local media report, in what is believed to have been caused by a gas leak or a gas gas leak in the cafe where the food was being prepared for a food festival.
A meat trader accused of passing off horsemeat as beef has appeared at the Old Bailey to deny a conspiracy to defraud the government out of more than £1.5m in a horsemeat fraud case that led to a number of supermarket product recalls in 2013.
India's biometric identity database will be the world's largest and most accurate, with more than 100 million members, it has been claimed, and it will be able to verify the identity of more than half of the country's population in a matter of days.
The UK's electronic spy agency GCHQ has revealed that it has the power to read and examine web searches on Google, Facebook, Twitter and YouTube, as well as webmail services such as Hotmail and Yahoo, without the need for additional legal clearance, the BBC has learned.
Welshman Elfyn Evans finished third in the first round of the World Rally Championship (WRC) in Sweden as team-mate Sebastien Ogier took the overall lead from Citroen's Kris Miedljakko and Elfyn Ogier.
Russia and Iran have agreed to set up safe zones in Syria to try to end the country's six-year conflict, the UN says, but rebels have walked out of talks in protest at the deal's failure to reach a deal with the government and rebels.
A bubble tea chain has changed its training contract after a row over the terms of a 40-hour job offer to trainees, after promising to pay them at least the minimum wage from "the first hour" of their new job, it has confirmed to the BBC.
Exeter Chiefs went top of the Premiership with a bonus-point win over Wasps at Sandy Park to move level on points with leaders Saracens and second-placed Leicester Tigers in the top four after two wins from their opening two matches.Â£3m-rated Wasps suffered their first defeat of the season in the process.
A man has been shot dead in the US state of Utah after trying to stab a witness in a gang trial, a judge has declared a mistrial in a case that had been going on for more than two years.The jury in the trial of a man accused of gang-related offences has been dismissed.
Three Welsh Labour ministers have publicly backed Yvette Cooper to be the party's next leader, saying she is the "right person" to lead the party into the next general election in 2020 and bring "change" to the party, a minister has told BBC Wales.
Divisions over the Brexit debate are "worrying" and "further exacerbating" divisions in British society, a human rights watchdog has warned.The government should do more to tackle hate crime, it has said in a letter to the party leaders of the main political parties.
All photographs Â© Joseph Fox/Mudlarking on the River Thames, by Joseph Fox and Sara Cannizzaro, for BBC London and the National Museum of Archaeology and Museums, London,  Â£50,000 (Â£40,000).
The number of young people with mental health problems ending up in accident and emergency units in England has more than doubled in the past five years, new figures have shown, with experts warning the trend is "extremely concerning" and calling for urgent action.Â£1.5bn of extra funding is needed to tackle the issue.
The mayor of Liverpool has said he would "never, ever be forgiven" if he could legally ban The Sun from shops in the city, after a council backed a campaign to stop the paper being sold in its shops in a bid to "rid" the city of the newspaper.
A 21-year-old man has been jailed for causing the death of a six-year old girl by dangerous driving.Â£20,000 worth of drugs have been seized by police after she was hit by a car.Â© BBC News.com
Restrictions on bus services in Bristol are to be reviewed by the competition regulator, 20 years after they were introduced to protect the local authority from competition from private bus firms in the city's transport market, it has been announced in a bid to "reduce costs to the taxpayer".
The Archbishop of Canterbury has said the Brussels terror attacks were a "worrying reminder" that "fear and death and terror are not the last words" in his Easter message."Easter proclaims to us in flesh and blood that God has spoken life, hope and purpose."
A US Navy ship was targeted by two short-range missiles fired from Yemen on Sunday, the US military says, claiming they were fired from Houthi-controlled territory in the country's north-western province of Abyan, near the Saudi-controlled city of Taif.
The government has agreed to change the way disabled people are measured in terms of their ability to walk and manage their own activities in the wake of criticism of its plans for a new mobility benefit for disabled people in England, the Commons has been told in the Lords.
Newport County manager Graham Westley says he is still looking to add new players to his squad as he looks to shore up his League Two survival hopes.Â£100,000 is the price he is willing to pay for any new faces he wants to sign.
Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game as Aldershot stunned League Two Portsmouth in the FA Cup third round replay at the National League side's home ground to reach the fourth round for the first time in their history.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the hosts for the second time in three years.
An album of signatures from the Dambusters raid pilots has been sold at auction for £1,000, more than 70 years after it was given to one of the men who took part in the raid in World War Two's biggest ever bombing raid on a German dam.
The chief executive of the Food and Drink Wales (FUW) has said she has never been happier to be tackling bovine tuberculosis (TB) than she has been in the past year, despite a sharp rise in the number of cattle being killed by the disease.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested as part of the phone-hacking inquiry into the News of the World newspaper, the Metropolitan Police has said, adding that he is not believed to be a senior figure in the investigation.The BBC understands he is the youngest person to have been arrested so far.
The Church in Wales has accused Gwynedd council of "intentionally destabilising" its partnership with the organisation over plans for a new school campus in Rhondda Cynon Taff, following a decision to consult on its future.Â£2.5m plans.
TP Mazembe of the Democratic Republic of Congo beat Bejaia of Algeria 3-1 in Lubumbashi on Sunday to win the African Confederation Cup for the second time in three years and secure a $1m (Â£800,000) prize money.
Malian troops have carried out summary executions of Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs in the west of the country, a rights group has said, accusing them of being "infiltrators" and "accomplices" of Islamist militants fighting in the north.
Liverpool Ladies have signed England midfielder Jess Greenwood from Women's Super League One rivals Notts County Ladies for a fee believed to be in the region of £500,000, subject to a work permit and international clearance from the Premier League club's international governing body Fifa.
Great Britain's men drew 1-1 with Australia in their opening game of the Champions Trophy in London, despite being denied a first-half goal by the visitors.Â£1m-rated Australia are the only team to have won all six of their group matches so far.
Cardiff Blues reached the Challenge Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought win over Newport Gwent Dragons at the Principality Stadium despite a spirited second-half fightback by the Welsh side at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday.Â£1m Cardiff Blues will face Edinburgh in the quarter-finals.
Myanmar's President Thein Sein has pledged to continue the country's progress towards democracy, as he prepares to step down after more than four years in power and become the world's first democratically elected leader since the military-backed military junta was ousted in 2011.
Jewellery worth more than £20,000 has been stolen from a jewellers in Lincolnshire, prompting a police appeal to trace the thieves.Â£1,000 worth of gold jewellery has been recovered and £10,000 of other items are still missing.
A doctor who falsified clinical trials has failed to appeal against a decision to strike him off the medical register after he was jailed for misconduct in a public office last year.Â£10,000 in fines and costs has been paid by the Court of Appeal.
New Zealand pair Martin Guptill and Kane Williamson hit half-centuries as New Zealand beat Pakistan by eight wickets in the second one-day international in Hamilton to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match Twenty20 series in New Zealand.
A 200-year-old Hampshire windmill has been restored to a working condition after being saved from demolition by volunteers and a grant of more than £100,000 from a lottery grant, it has been revealed in a bid to mark its 200th anniversary.
Hundreds of jobs are to go at Tata Steel's steelmaking plant in Newport, the company has confirmed, as it announced it was mothballing some of its plants in the region due to "challenging market conditions" and "high energy costs" in the UK.
Britain's Tonia Cave has won the Ironman World Triathlon Series World Championship in Doha, winning the women's race for the first time in the event's short history in the United Arab Emirates on Sunday night in a new world record time and setting a new personal best.
The former British soldier who fought in the first Gulf War has said he regrets not challenging the war's justification for the invasion of Iraq in 2003, but stands by his decision to take part in the conflict in order to save his own life in the event of a future conflict.
Colchester United have re-signed striker Josh Guthrie following his release by Notts County following their League Two play-off final exit.Â£20,000 compensation is to be paid to the player by the League Two club after he turned down a new deal at Bury.
Britain's Kell Brook says beating Gennady Golovkin would make him the best pound-for-pound boxer in the world and would be "unbelievable" for British boxing, if he beats the middleweight world champion in their world title unification bout.
Mercedes dominated first practice at the Bahrain Grand Prix as Ferrari and Red Bull were only third and fourth fastest on the first day of Formula 1 pre-season testing for the first time since 2009.The Mercedes drivers dominated the first practice session of the season in the Gulf state.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Friday's opening practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he continued his preparations for Saturday's Grand Prix de l'Amitie in Stornoway, Isle of Wight, with a lap of 125.49mph.
MPs have asked the Pensions Regulator to explain why plans to expand the BHS pension scheme were not approved by the regulator before the collapse of the department store chain, BBC Newsnight has learned from the BBC News website's exclusive interview with the chairman of a Commons committee.
A bullet found in the body of a man who was shot dead by the Army in 1971 has been identified as a military-issue weapon, a post-mortem examination has confirmed.The family of the man who died has criticised the delay in exhuming his body.
Chelsea extended their lead at the top of the Premier League to five points after a 2-1 win over Arsenal, while West Ham came from behind to beat Southampton 3-1 at St Mary's to move up to third.Manchester United moved up to fourth with victory at Crystal Palace, while Manchester City and Liverpool are both still waiting for their first wins of the season.
Richard Hammond says he is "back in action soon" after breaking his knee in a crash on the set of The Grand Tour in Austria last month, but that his knee is "at least rustproof" and "bends in the middle" after undergoing surgery.
The UK has voted to leave the European Union by a narrow majority of 52.9% to 48.1%, according to the results of the EU referendum, with the UK's vote seen as a referendum on the future of the European project in the light of the result in Scotland's referendum.
The convener of the Scottish Crofting Commission has said he will not resign over a dispute with crofters over common grazings on Lewis and the Hebrides, despite calls for him to do so by the board of the body's governing body to step down.
A man has been jailed for six years for the manslaughter of a Polish workman who died after falling from the roof of a warehouse while carrying out roof repairs for his father and brothers.Police have said they are "appalled" by the "tragic consequences" of his actions.
Thunderbirds creator Gerry Anderson has revealed he has been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease, which he says has "cut off" his life and left him unable to go to the Pinewood studios where he made the hit children's TV series.Â£100,000 is to be raised for charity to help people with the condition.
As many as 100,000 relatives of parents who give up work to look after their children are missing out on National Insurance credits worth more than £4,000 a year, a pensions expert has warned.Â£4,600 over a 20-year retirement, he says.
Work has started on the first phase of a multi-million pound marine park on the Jurassic Coast in the Dorset and Dorset, it has been announced to mark the start of a six-month construction project to build the first major marine attraction in the area.
Two more airlines have said they will pull out of Nigeria because of a shortage of foreign currency.The airline industry has warned that air travel could be severely disrupted if the country does not address the issue of foreign exchange shortages in the coming weeks, which has led to a sharp drop in passenger numbers.
Aston Villa have completed the signing of Poland striker Michal Kozak from Fenerbahce for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £5m.Â£1.5m is the club's best transfer fee for a player of the season so far, reports BBC Radio Derby.
A new law banning the display of cigarettes and other tobacco products in shops and restaurants in Wales has come into force in Cardiff and Bridgend county boroughs and towns and cities across the country on Thursday.Â£1,000 fines and jail terms have been introduced for shopkeepers who break the law.
West Brom boss Tony Pulis says Burnley manager Sean Dyche is one of the best British managers in the Premier League and deserves more credit for the club's rise to the top of the table, says the Baggies' director of football Alan Irvine.Â£10m-rated manager.
North Korea has test-fired an intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) that flew higher and for longer than the one it tested earlier this month, Japanese media say, but gave no details of its altitude or range.The US and South Korea say it was a medium-range missile.
Captain Chris Martin admits Scotland need to be "braververver on the ball" if they are to avoid defeat in their final Euro 2016 warm-up match against France in Metz on Saturday."We need to put on a bit of a better show with the ball and keep that spirit and doggedness," says the captain.
A judge in Australia has upheld the decision to revoke the visa of US anti-abortion activist Troy Newman, who was due to speak at a pro-life rally in the country on Tuesday.Â£1m (A$1.2m; $1.4m) in damages has been paid to his wife after he lost an appeal.
Jon Stewart, the host of satirical news show The Daily Show, has died at the age of 62 after a long battle with cancer, his publicist has confirmed to the BBC Newsnight website, following his death on Wednesday night at his home in Los Angeles at his request.
Former cabinet minister David Simpson has been elected as the new leader of Denbighshire council after winning the vote of the local authority's ruling party members on Thursday night in a by-election on the council's first full day of business after May's local elections.
Lancashire wicketkeeper-batsman Jos Buttler has signed a new three-year contract with the County Championship Division One club, which will keep him at Old Trafford until the end of the 2018 T20 Blast season in June 2019, with the option of a further year.
Star Wars composer John Williams is to be honoured at this year's BBC Proms, it has been announced, with a tribute concert at London's Royal Albert Hall in memory of his late score for The Empire Strikes Back, the BBC has announced, as part of the programme's 123rd season.
The SNP has retained control of all 59 councils in Scotland after winning 50% of the vote in last week's local elections, according to the latest official results from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) and the Scottish Conservatives' share of the first preference vote.
Iraqi forces fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) in Mosul must ensure that civilians are not killed or injured in the battle for the western part of the city, the UN has said, as it prepares for the offensive to retake it from the militants.
Parts of Wales could be battered by strong winds on Monday, the Met Office has warned, with gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) forecast for parts of the north Wales coast and the mid Wales coast on Sunday night and Monday morning, it has said.
Engineers have developed flexible rubber skins that can detect tiny changes in pressure and respond to them in a similar way to human skin, according to new research in the journal Nature Materials, which describes the work as a "game-changer" in the field of nanotechnology.
Scottish Borders Council has announced plans to carry out a "warts and all" review of its school estate in a bid to ensure it is "sustainable, affordable and suitable for the future" for children and young people in the region's education system in the coming years.
Mohamed El Bakhtaoui scored twice as Partick Thistle beat Ayr United to move up to second place in the Scottish Championship and end the visitors' three-match unbeaten run.Â£1.5m winless run in all competitions.
A man has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a car while walking with his daughter in the back of a 4x4 on a country road.Police are treating the incident as "unexplained".Â£10,000 worth of grass has been cut off.
The Wodehouse Prize for Literature has been won by Somerset St Aubyn for his satirical satire on the awarding of the prestigious £50,000 award.As part of the prize, the author is to be presented with a pig at this year's Hay Festival.
The BBC will show live coverage of England's opening match of the Women's Rugby World Cup, against New Zealand at Twickenham on Friday, 7 November, on BBC One Wales at 14:30 BST.Â£1.5m will be spent on live TV coverage of the tournament, including the final at Old Trafford.
California saved more water in July than it did in any month of the year before the state declared a drought emergency in June, officials have said, as the state used 31.3% less water than it used in the same period of time in the previous year.
A young lion that escaped from a South African park for the second time in less than a year is to be rehoused in a national park after a social media campaign to save it.Â£1.5m (1.6m) has been raised for his care.
A Florida mosque has been moved from its planned location as a polling station after complaints from people who said they did not want to vote in a place of worship, officials have said, according to local media reports, citing a lack of parking and large auditoriums.
Universities across the UK are set to go on strike on Thursday in a dispute over pay, it has been announced, with more than 1,000 staff expected to take part in the walkout in a row over a pay dispute.The unions representing university staff say they are "astonished" at the "widespread anger" over the pay cuts they have had to endure.
China has arrested more than 100 people for "spreading rumours" about the recent stock market slump and the deadly explosions in the port city of Tianjin, state media report, citing the Xinhua news agency and state-run Xinhua website, citing a court filing.
Increasing levels of acidity in the world's oceans are the fastest rate of change in the history of the oceans, according to a new report from a group of leading scientists and geologists in the UK and the US, backed by the US National Institute of Energy and Canada.
The death of a teenager who fell from a cliff in Brighton after taking LSD was accidental, an inquest has been told by Nick Cave and his wife, Susie Bick, at the request of the coroner who ruled it was "accidental" and "not suspicious".
The UK's vote to leave the European Union could have "consequences" for global financial markets, the head of the US central bank has said, as it held interest rates at a record low of 0.25% for a second time this year.
Britain's Chris Froome extended his lead in the Tour de France as he finished second in the 13th stage of the race in a time trial in the wake of the terror attack in Nice that left at least 84 people dead in the French city on Thursday.
A Glasgow bin lorry crash inquiry has heard there was a "major discrepancy" in the accounts given by two doctors of a bus driver who fainted while he was at the wheel of a vehicle before and during the fatal accident, a court has been told.
Germany's justice minister has accused Turkey's president of comparing his country's political campaign tactics with Nazi Germany's Nazi regime, in a row that has strained relations between the two Nato allies at a time of heightened tension between Ankara and Berlin over Turkey's crackdown on dissent.
Nottingham Forest have signed Wolves midfielder Adlene Guedioura on loan until the end of the season for the rest of the Reds' season, with a view to a permanent move to the Championship club in the January transfer window.Â£1.5m is on the table.
Edinburgh have announced the departure of seven players, including Scotland scrum-half Alex Fife and centre Scott Toolis, from the Pro12 club at the end of the current season, along with five players from the 2015-16 campaign.Â£500,000-winning coach Alan Solomons has left the club.
At least four people have been killed in a series of car bomb attacks in Yemen's port city of Aden, officials say, as fighting between Houthi rebels and pro-government forces continues in the country's south-east, near the Saudi-led coalition-backed border.
The BBC has signed a new four-year deal to show live coverage of the Diamond League meeting series from 2017-2023, which will see it cover every Diamond League event from now until 2020.Â£1.2bn worth of athletics events will be broadcast on BBC One.
Iran's president has hailed the election of a record number of female MPs in the country's parliament, saying: "People chose the best candidates" in the run-off vote.The number of women in the new parliament has reached a record high of 18, he said.
An 11-year-old American boy has become the youngest winner of the Scripps National Spelling Bee in the United States, beating off competition from two other youngsters in a dramatic final in Los Angeles.Â£40,000 in prize money has been awarded to the winner and runner-up.
Burton Albion goalkeeper Stephen Bywater has signed a new one-year deal with the Championship club, keeping him at the club until the end of the season, with an option for a further 12 months if he is not offered a new deal in the summer.
Pupils are posting "vile and personal" insults about teachers on social media, a teachers' union has said, with a sharp rise in the number of teachers being subjected to such abuse in the UK this year compared with last year, it has warned.
A Canadian woman has thanked her nine-year-old son for saving her and her daughter from a house fire in the middle of the night, saying he saved their lives in a "big thing for such a young boy"."I am so proud of him," she told the BBC.
Partick Thistle manager Alan Archibald has rejected an approach from Swindon Town for the vacant managerial position at the League One club, BBC Scotland has learned from BBC Radio Solent reports from the club's webmail page on Thursday.Â£1.5m is on the table for the Scottish Premiership club.
A motorcyclist has died after a crash at a motorcycling event in Derbyshire, the Andreas Racing Association has said.An investigation has been launched following the death of rider Gary Carswell, who was on his way to the front of the grid.
Russia has strongly denied US allegations that it was involved in hacking during the US election campaign, saying the claims are part of an "amateurish, unprofessional" political witch-hunt by the US media and intelligence agencies, the Kremlin has said in a statement.
American Apparel's former chief executive, Dov Charney, violated the company's anti-discrimination policy and engaged in sexual harassment, the board of directors has said in a court filing in response to a defamation lawsuit he filed against the firm and its chair.
Hundreds of people have attended a memorial for a teenager who died while free-running on a rooftop in Paris, sparking a debate about the dangers of parkour in the UK and the sport's popularity in the country's first country to officially recognise it as a sport.
A series of powerful earthquakes has struck south-western China's Gansu province, with tremors felt as far away as Lanzhou, the capital of Lanzhou and hundreds of homes damaged or destroyed, state media reports say, with dozens of people reported dead and many injured.
Reading booked their place in the Championship play-off semi-finals by beating Burton Albion in the final game of the season at the Proact Stadium at the end of a scrappy but entertaining game.Â£12m-rated Reading will face Fulham in the first leg of their semi-final.
Shelter Scotland has said there is still a long way to go to tackle homelessness in Scotland despite a fall in the number of homeless people coming from the private rented sector, which accounts for 36,457 of the country's 1.2 million homeless people.
Promoter Eddie Hearn is hoping to land a fight for Katie Taylor in the United States in July, reports BBC Radio Ulster's Rory McIlroy and BBC Radio Manchester's Paul O'Connell on Saturday.The 25-year-old Briton is set to fight on the undercard of the WBC world welterweight title fight at Madison Square Garden.
Amsterdam has become the latest city in the world to adopt a "low tech" approach to tackling alcohol-related violence, such as identifying hotspots where alcohol is a contributory factor in the problem and reducing the number of people being admitted to hospital for treatment.
In our series of letters from Silicon Valley, artificial intelligence (AI) expert and Google co-founder Sergey Brin looks at why the field has come a long way in the last few years, and what's next for artificial intelligence research, and why it needs to keep improving.
Norwich City midfielder Callum Maddison has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club.Â£500,000 will be paid to keep him at Carrow Road until the summer of 2019.Â© BBC Radio Norfolk/Scottish Professional Football League
Germany's Thomas Jung became the first man to win a Grand Slam of eventing at Badminton with victory on La Biosthetique in the dressage, cross country and showjumping at the World Cup eventing eventing Grand Slam in the British resort.
As Taiwan marks its one-year anniversary of independence from China, the BBC's Yashan Zhao reports from the island's capital, Taipei, where his father and mother-in-law are fighting for their island's right to self-determination and independence.
Protesters have clashed with police during a demonstration over the death of a man who died after he was stopped by officers in a car in east London earlier this month, the Met Police has said, but said it was a "peaceful" protest and was not aimed at officers.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared the Zika virus a global public health emergency, and it has announced that a vaccine to protect pregnant women against the virus is being developed by the US National Institutes of Health, in Bethesda, USA, and should be available to people in November.
Prime Minister David Cameron has announced plans to "push the fight against corruption to the top of the international agenda" when he hosts a summit in London next week, in a bid to tackle the "tackling of the "taboo" issue "head-on".
St Johnstone eased to victory over Inverness Caledonian Thistle to move to within a point of second-placed Celtic in the Premiership.Inverness Caley Thistle's poor start to the season continued as they were thrashed at McDiarmid Park.
The number of women breastfeeding their babies in England has risen by more than 20% in the past 25 years, according to official figures.Experts say more needs to be done to encourage more women to stick with it, but many stop after the first six months of life.
War and Peace, the BBC Two adaptation of Leo Tolstoy's epic novel, has topped the overnight ratings chart in its first week of broadcast TV, with an average of 6.3 million viewers, according to overnight figures from Sunday night's first episode on BBC Two.
Gareth Bale's absence from Wales' Euro 2016 squad will not affect their chances of qualifying for the tournament, says captain Chris Gunter, who says they are "more than capable" of beating Serbia without the Wales star forward at the World Cup in June.
A Czech hiker who went missing in New Zealand for more than a month after her Czech hiking partner was killed in an accident has told police she spent the night with his body in a remote part of the New Zealand outback to help her find shelter.Â£2,000 (Â£1,800; $2,700) in her pocket.
Western Sahara, a disputed territory in the north-west of Africa, is one of the world's most arid and sparsely populated areas and is claimed by Morocco as an autonomous region of the North African state of Mauritania, with a population of about 567,000.
Belfast boxer Donnelly Donnelly has reached the quarter-finals of the men's flyweight competition at the Olympic Games after a second-round win over Egypt's Abdelhadi Abdelhafid.com.au in Rio on Thursday night in his second bout at Rio.
A three-year-old boy has died after becoming trapped between a rotating floor and a wall at a restaurant in the US city of Atlanta, police in the state of Georgia have confirmed to local media reports of the boy's death, local media report, citing local officials.
Italy's government has urged the European Union to do more to help it deal with the migrant crisis, amid a growing row between the country's northern and southern regions over the influx of people from Africa and the Middle East into the country from North Africa and North Africa.
Russia's ambassador to Poland, Alexei Andreyev, has apologised for suggesting that Poland was partly to blame for the outbreak of World War Two, saying his remarks were "misinterpreted" and had been misinterpreted by Polish media and the public at the time.
The editor of French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, Charles Charb, has written a book attacking those who "play into Racists' Hands", days before he was killed in an attack on the Paris office of the paper's satirical magazine, it has been revealed.
A live flood warning exercise has been carried out in parts of West Yorkshire in a bid to reduce the risk of flooding in the area, the Environment Agency has said in a press release from the county council and local authority's headquarters in Hebble Green, West Yorkshire.
A giant slab of concrete has been poured on a new bridge in Hong Kong, in China, to connect three different parts of the city to the rest of the island of Macau, in south-east Asia, for the first time in the world, and it's pretty impressive.
A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a teacher was stabbed in a classroom at a free school in Bradford, police have said, in what is thought to have been an "isolated incident" in front of other students.
Thousands of photographs of high rise tower blocks across the UK are to be digitised as part of a project to preserve the country's post-war Modernist housing heritage for future generations to view.Â£52,000 is to be used to fund a project digitising the images.
Triple Paralympic medallist Stephanie Gwynne has opened her eyes for the first time since being seriously injured in a motorbike accident in Vietnam last month, her family has said.She has thanked well-wishers for their support and well wishes and said she is "going to be up and about before you know it".
The UK's Brexit secretary has said it is "hard to see how a separate immigration policy for Scotland would work in the event of a second independence referendum being called.Â£1bn of extra powers for Scotland as part of any Brexit deal would be "hardly realistic", BBC Scotland has learned.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has developed techniques to make it harder to track down the source of malware, according to a new release of code by Wikileaks, security experts have said, describing it as "significant" and "technologically damaging" to the agency.
Rare pages from the Koran are to go on display at Leeds City Museum for the first time since they were bought by the city council more than 60 years ago, it has been revealed to the public.Â£10,000 worth of paper has been conserved by the council.
Daniel O'Shaughnessy's stoppage-time equaliser rescued a point for Cheltenham as they drew at Mansfield in the League Two play-off semi-final first leg at the Proact Stadium, with both sides level at the end of the game.
Britain's Andy Murray came from a set down to beat Spain's Albert Ramos-Vinolas and reach the semi-finals of the Barcelona Open, a week after suffering a shock defeat by the Spaniard in the Monte Carlo Masters quarter-finals in Monte Carlo.
A councillor has called on the owner of the grounded drilling rig that ran aground in the Western Isles to consider recycling parts of it at a site on Stornoway on Lewis to help repair the damage it has caused to the island and to the wider community.
Craig Gordon says he is determined to keep his place in the Liverpool team after making a string of saves in his first Champions League appearance of the season in the draw with Manchester City on Wednesday."There is no bigger incentive to play well and keep your place."
Kieron Cadogan scored a hat-trick as Sutton thrashed North Ferriby 5-1 at Gander Green Lane to move into the National League play-off places with one game to go in the season.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to Sutton United for the first time.
The number of people killed in a landslide that hit a village in Colombia's western Antioquia province has risen to more than 100, the government says, with the death toll expected to rise above 100 by the end of the day, as rescuers continue to search for survivors.
Huddersfield Giants have signed Warrington Wolves winger Joe Ormsby on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Super League club in the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m will be paid to the Wolves for the player's services.
All pictures are copyrighted and no-one should be allowed to use them in any way without the permission of BBC Scotland or the BBC News website, which is available on our website, Facebook or Instagram (see www.bbcscotlandpics.co.uk).
A key milestone in the construction of London's Crossrail line has been reached as part of a project to link all of the tunnels on the route from Reading to Farringdon in east London, it has been announced by the project's developers Crossrail UK.
A former IRA leader has been charged in connection with the murder of Jean McConville, one of the Disappeared victims of the Troubles, the PSNI has said.Ivor Bell has been remanded in custody charged with her murder and membership of the IRA.
Jared Payne is a doubt for Ireland's Six Nations match against England on Saturday after failing to recover from the injury that kept him out of the defeat by France.Ireland have named a 23-man squad for the match at Twickenham on Saturday.Â£1.5m-rated lock John Barclay has been added to the squad.
A British man who is believed to have been a former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been killed in a bomb attack in Iraq, the BBC has learned from the Islamic State (IS) militant group, which says he was killed by a US-led coalition drone strike.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen will miss Saturday's Premier League trip to Southampton because of an ankle injury, says manager Mauricio Pochettino, but insists he will be fit to face West Bromwich Albion on 5 January "by the end of the week".
Northern Ireland's First Minister Arlene Foster has said there are "huge opportunities" in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, but there are also "huge challenges" as a result of the Brexit vote, she has said in a statement to BBC News NI.
Sports Direct's chief executive Dave Forsey has resigned after months of criticism of the company's working practices, with Mike Ashley replacing him as chairman, the BBC has learned from a source close to the company.Sources have told the BBC that Mike Ashley is not seeking to take Sports Direct private.
Las Vegas is a city famed for its casinos, casinos, nightclubs, strip clubs, and nightlife, but it is also known as the Mecca of the United States, home to some of the world's most expensive hotels, casinos and night clubs, as well as some of America's most famous nightclubs.
England fell agonisingly close to a first Test win in the United Arab Emirates as Pakistan fought back to take a 2-1 series lead with a thrilling five-wicket victory in Sharjah on the final day of the first Test.The match was abandoned without a ball being bowled because of darkness.
China won their fourth gold medal of the Rio Olympics with victory over Japan in the men's team table tennis team final on Sunday. Click here to follow the action from Sunday's table tennis men's doubles final on BBC Sport's Olympics 2016 coverage live on TV, radio and online.
The Prince of Wales and the Duchess of Cornwall are to visit Australia and New Zealand next month, Kensington Palace has announced ahead of their first official state visit to the country since the end of the Commonwealth War in 2003.Â£1m worth of gifts for Prince Charles will be given to him by Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull.
More than 200 beaches in England do not have any lifeguards on duty during the summer months, according to the BBC's analysis of data from the Royal National Lifeboat Institute and local councils and the Beach Guide in Dorset and Windstead Estate in Hampstead, Dorset.
Veteran US journalist and broadcaster Gwen Ifill has died at the age of 62, her family has said.Tributes have been paid to her after she died on Monday. She was a member of the US National Association of Black Journalists (NAACP) board.
Chris Riddell is stepping down as children's laureate after two years in the role, with Malorie Blackman taking on the role for the next two years as the UK's first young adult literature laureate, it has been announced by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport.
Former Birmingham City and Hull City boss Steve Bruce would be a good fit for the job at Aston Villa, says ex-Aston Villa defender Robbie Savage, who played for the club when they were both in the Premier League in the mid-2000s, says BBC Radio 5 live.
A police officer who was seriously injured when she was hit by a concrete block thrown by a rioter has been discharged from hospital in a stable condition, the PSNI has said, as a man has been charged with riotous behaviour in connection with an Orange Order march.
The wife of a sports journalist who suffered a bleed on the brain in an attack outside a London Tube station has spoken of the support he is receiving from rugby league stars and managers around the world, including former England captain Alan Shearer, who sent his best wishes to him.
Chester have re-signed midfielder Jordan Lloyd on loan from Championship side Birmingham City until the end of the season after he was released by the League One club earlier this month, with a view to a more permanent move to the National League club in the January transfer window.
Hibernian moved nine points clear at the top of the Championship with a hard-fought win over 10-man Dundee United, who missed the chance to cut the gap on leaders Falkirk to just one point with a play-off place at home to St Johnstone.
Beauty giant Avon says it will stop selling some of its products in France because of a lack of orders from its own direct selling representatives, the BBC has learned from a workers' union representing the company's French staff in the country, who say they have been "abandoned".
Formula 1 teams have been testing their new cars for the 2016 season at the first pre-season test of the year in Jerez, Spain, which starts on Saturday.Â£1.5m cars have been unveiled to the public for the first time since 2009.
A three-year-old boy has been taken to hospital after being hit by a lorry in Rhondda Cynon Taff, Dyfed-Powys Police has said, causing the road to be closed for several hours while he was treated for his injuries.
The ceramic poppies at the centre of Britain's largest art installation, the Blood Swept Lands and Seas of Red, are to go on display for the first time in the UK next year.Â£1.5m versions of the sculpture will be shown at two museums.
Sir Jeffery Amherst, the British general who led the British army in the American Revolution, is one of the world's most famous colonialists, but has his legacy been tarnished by recent events in the United States and elsewhere.Â£1.5m has been spent renaming schools and roads after him.
Kenya's former world marathon champion Rita Jeptoo has been banned for two years by Athletics Kenya for failing a drugs test, the sport's governing body has said in a statement on its website.Â£10,000 (£6,000) prize money has been awarded to her by the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas).
Plans to double the size of a wind farm in Cumbria have been approved by a council in one of the largest communities in the country to back the expansion.Â£1bn plans for the site have been given the go-ahead by councillors in the area.
A US judge has ordered Apple to pay more than $506m (Â£390m) in damages to a university over a patent infringement case, more than double the amount originally awarded to the tech giant.Â£506m is still less than the amount the university sought.
A Northern Ireland football fan has died during the team's Euro 2016 match against Ukraine at the Stade de France in Paris on Sunday evening, his family has confirmed to the Irish Football Association (IFA) and the BBC Sport news website.The family of the man who died have paid tribute to their "devastated" father.
Poet David Harsent has won the TS Eliot Prize for Poetry for the second time in three years, beating off competition from 10 other authors to win the prestigious prize for the best book of the year, the Poetry Book Society has said in a press release.
Ronnie O'Sullivan has pulled out of the UK Championship in London after failing to secure a place in the main draw for the event, snooker bosses have confirmed to the BBC Sport website on Thursday night (19:00 BST).Â£1.5m worth of prize money is to be awarded to the winner and runner-up.
A wine bar has been fined £20,000 after a cocktail containing liquid nitrogen created a cloud of smoke and caused a teenager to suffer severe burns and severe constipation in her mouth and stomach, a court has heard, leaving her with permanent brain damage and permanent scar tissue.
An 18-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murdering a woman whose body parts were found in the Republic of Ireland's Wicklow Mountains on Saturday night, police have said, and whose remains have been found in a 30km (19-mile) search.
Older people in the Western Isles are having to wait too long for care-at-home support or a care home placement, according to health and social work watchdogs who carried out a joint inspection of care services in the area last year."Significant improvements" are needed to the way services are provided, say inspectors.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being attacked with a hammer and two other weapons in a "horrendous attack" in a Glasgow city centre car park, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to catch the attackers.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information.
The Democratic Republic of Congo were knocked out of the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations after a shock defeat by Congo Brazzaville knocked them out of qualifying for next year's tournament in Africa's biggest football tournament, the African Nations Championship (CHAN) in South Africa.
Brendan Rodgers has backed Ollie Ntcham to make a big impact for Celtic after he made his debut for the club in their friendly defeat by Lyon on Saturday, despite only playing an hour of the match in which he was involved in the first half.
Plans have been unveiled for a new bridge over the River Ness on the A9 to replace the existing crossing at Inverness which is to be demolished and replaced with a dual carriageway in a bid to improve the road network in the Highlands.
Cern has claimed to have discovered a new form of super-strong force called "The Force" that scientists can use to "talk to each other" and influence the world around the world, in an April Fools' joke released on its website on 1 April.
UKIP has a "very good chance" of winning more seats in the Welsh assembly election next year, the party's leader in Wales has said, despite not winning a single seat in May's general election in Wales under the first-past-the-post system.
The Polish owner of a Polish deli in Huntingdon, in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, has written a letter to her family explaining why she feels so strongly about the referendum result and how she hopes it will help her business.
A 53-year-old man from Pembrokeshire has been jailed for more than 30 years for historical child sex offences against a young girl in the 1990s.Â£20,000 in compensation has been paid to her by the Welsh government.
A 15-year-old girl's birthday party in southern Mexico has gone viral after her parents decided to invite everyone to a lavish affair in a field outside the village of La Joya, in the state of San Luis Potosi, to celebrate her "queen for the day".
An appeal to raise £10,000 for the family of a six-year-old girl who died after becoming trapped in a lift at a Dorset home has raised more than £20,000 in just three days, it has been revealed on social media.
More than 1,000 water voles have been released into the River Severn in Neath Port Talbot as part of a project to boost the number of the animals in the area, Natural Resources Wales has said in a press release to coincide with the Welsh National Water Day.
The closure of the Forensic Science Regulator (FSSR) will not damage the prospects for forensic science in the UK, the public inquiry into the service's closure has been told by commercial forensics firms.Â£110m of contracts are expected to be awarded to the private sector by 2015, the Home Office has said.
US comedian Bill Cosby has resigned from the board of trustees at his alma mater, Temple University in Philadelphia, where he is a trustee, amid allegations of sexual assault and other misconduct against the comedian and entertainer, the university has said in a statement on its website.
An unexploded World War Two device has been found on the Gwynedd coast, Gwent Police has said.Explosives experts are due to carry out a controlled explosion on Monday morning to make sure it is safe to return to the sea shoreline.
Carbon dioxide (CO2) levels in the atmosphere may have risen at a much slower rate than previously thought, according to a study of fossils from a much earlier period of Earth's history, scientists have suggested, raising a "fundamental challenge" to future climate projections.
They do cartwheels, they do handstands and they do sit-ups and push-ups, they even do a sit-up-and-stand in front of a crowd of cheering spectators as Gordon Aikman does his last ever gymnastics routine.
St Helens moved up to third in Super League with a hard-fought victory over Catalans Dragons at St James' Park, who were relegated from the Super 8s for the first time this season.Â£500,000-worth of damage was done to their hopes of a play-off spot.
A Denbighshire man whose home was flooded three years ago has said he feels "safer" living in the area ahead of improvements being made to prevent a repeat of the disaster."It will be a lot safer knowing what we know now, but no one can say that it will not happen again."
Broadband speeds of up to 35Mbps (megabits per second) are to be rolled out in parts of Scotland and Wales using lower frequency spectrum, it has been announced in a deal worth about £1bn in a bid to improve access to faster internet.
aggressive tax avoiders will face fines of up to 100% of the value of the tax they have avoided if they are caught again, Labour has said, if it wins power in the general election in May 2015, if the Tories are re-elected in the election.
Rugby should be banned from schools in the UK, according to a leading doctor who studies injuries in the sport and has written a report on the dangers of playing the sport in the country's schools and youth clubs, which she says is "outrageous".
Work has begun to restore part of a medieval castle on the Isle of Wight which was used as a military headquarters during World War One and Two.Â£1m is to be spent on restoring the site, English Heritage has said, as part of an £8m conservation project.
Health Secretary Shona Robison has said lessons can be learned from the independent review into the controversial mesh implant scandal.MSPs have been told the findings of the report will be examined by a law professor to see if any further changes can be made to the procedure.
Hundreds of gull eggs have been stolen from an "important" colony in a seaside town, conservationist Richard Moreton has said, prompting a warning to restaurants and pubs to check they have a valid licence to use them in their food and drink before buying them.
The number of people prosecuted for careless and dangerous driving has fallen sharply in the last five years, according to new figures obtained by BBC Radio 5 live and the BBC's 5 live Investigates programme - but campaigners say it is a sign of a police reluctance to investigate fatal crashes.
A petition calling for an end to a controversial dog meat festival in China has been handed in to the local government, with more than 100,000 signatures signed by animal rights activists and their dogs.Â£1.5m (1.6m; $2.4m) in donations.
South Korea's Liu Long lifted a world record weight to win Olympic gold in the men's -57kg weightlifting at the Rio 2016 Games on Sunday.Â£1.5m was the final prize for the weightlifting gold medal in the final day of the Rio Games.
Manchester United have agreed a deal to sign Netherlands winger Memphis Depay from PSV Eindhoven for a fee that could rise to £30m, subject to a medical and agreeing a deal with the player's club, the Dutch champions have confirmed on social media.
Virtual reality is the next big thing, but there's still a long way to go before it's ready to be fully immersive, and there's a lot of work to be done to make it a reality, according to Oculus, the company behind the virtual reality headset.
Britain's Shauna Coxsey has won her second successive bouldering world title with victory at the season-opening event in China, which is also the first event of the 2017-18 climbing season for the sport in its current form in the world's elite ranks.
A man who attacked worshippers at a mosque in Dundee has been given a community sentence for breach of the peace and resisting arrest after he was caught on CCTV crying and running around the room in a "bizarre" fit of anger and frustration.Â£1,000 fine and a community payback order.
Four people have appeared in court charged with the murder of a man who was stabbed to death at a former mill in Greater Manchester earlier this month, it has been confirmed to the Crown Court in Manchester on Monday.Â£50,000 bail has been granted to the four men and a teenager.
A takeaway delivery driver has been hit with a golf club during an attempted robbery in West Lothian, police have said in a fresh appeal for help to track down the culprits who carried out the attack and stole his takeaway.Â£1,000 worth of takeaway food was stolen.
Devolution in Wales needs to go "further and faster" in order for it to be fair, the outgoing leader of the Church in Wales has told the BBC's Newyddion9 radio show on Sunday.Â£1bn devolution deal is not fair, he has said.
More than 40,000 acres of commercial forests in Wales need to be re-planted to meet growing demand for timber, campaigners have said.They are calling for a rethink of the Welsh government's approach to the forestry industry in a bid to save the industry.
Two European eels have been found on a Norfolk river for the first time in more than 40 years, the Environment Agency has said, in what it described as an "encouraging" sign of a recovery in the species in the county's rivers.Â£1m worth of fish passes have been installed to help increase numbers.
A court in India has begun hearing a case against Bollywood star Salman Khan, who is accused of killing five people when his car hit a bakery in Mumbai, killing one of them and seriously injuring three others, in 2002, local media report, citing police and witnesses.
It is exactly 100 years since a man was shot dead in the grounds of the Irish parliament in Londonderry, in what is believed to have been one of the most notorious gangland murders in the Republic of Ireland's recent history, writes the BBC's Kevin McAnena.
The organisers of the Robert Millar Sportive have launched a fundraising event in his honour to mark the 40th anniversary of the Scottish cyclist's record-breaking career in the professional world of cycling and road racing - and it is a ride they hope will be a fitting tribute to the King of the Mountains.
Immigrants should be able to learn Welsh if they want to live and work in Wales, a group of Welsh MPs has said in a new report on immigration policy in the UK, BBC Wales has been told by Plaid Cymru and Plaid MPs.
The number of patents for brain-reading technology has more than doubled in the past decade, according to a new report from a UK-based firm.The technology has gone "well beyond medicine" and into non-medical use, it has been claimed.Â£1bn worth of patents have been filed in the US in the last five years.
A hospital has apologised after a bung fell out of a patient's ear during an operation to remove a gallbladder in a "never event" in which the patient was given the wrong part of the body.Â£1,000 was left in the area after the operation.
Hungary's prime minister has said that "nobody would like to stay" in his country and urged EU leaders to show "common European sense" in dealing with the migrant crisis in the bloc's largest country, saying: "All of them want to go to Germany."
Melania Trump's decision to keep her son Barron in New York and not move into the White House with her husband, Donald Trump, has been met with a mixture of criticism and praise on social media, with many calling it "appalling" and "a sign of her priorities".
A Labour AM has accused the chair of the assembly's public spending committee of "smear and personal attacks" after he suggested a "forensic investigation" into Labour "incompetence" was at the heart of some of its work.Â£53m has been lost thanks to the Welsh Government's financial mismanagement, he has claimed.
A firefighter has been sacked after a woman died in a house fire while waiting more than an hour for a fire engine to arrive, an investigation has found, following a delay of more than 20 minutes.The fire service has said it is "deeply saddened" by the death.
A Hampshire boarding school has announced it is to close at the end of the school year because of falling pupil numbers and a "shrinking market place" for single sex education in the market place for the subject in the country's secondary schools, its trustees have said.
Welsh artist Barbara Williams has revealed she has been inspired by people and nature for the past year as she prepares for her first solo exhibition in more than 20 years.Â£50,000 worth of new paintings and drawings are to go on show.Â©
Bitfinex, the world's biggest exchange for the virtual currency bitcoin, has been hit by a "massive" cyber-attack, the company has said.Â£65m worth of the digital currency has been stolen from its exchange platform, according to reports.
British amateur golfer Callum Gregory has spent the past four years preparing for his Masters debut by watching YouTube videos of the pins from every round of the US Open in preparation for this year's tournament.Â£100,000 prize money is on offer to the four amateurs hoping to win this week.
The death of a 19-year-old woman who filmed herself taking her own life on a railway line in France has sparked a debate about the dangers of social media, and the role of sites like Periscope in encouraging people to take their own lives, as the BBC's Mark Lowen reports.
A woman who admitted murdering her mother has been sent to a secure hospital after saying she did it because "it was me" on the phone to a family member, a court has heard, as she pleaded guilty to diminished responsibility for her murder at the Old Bailey.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed lower on Wednesday as the US dollar rose against the yen, but shares in Time Warner Cable rose after it agreed to be bought by Charter Communications for $55.8bn (Â£43.4bn) in cash.
The number of people claiming unemployment benefits in Spain fell by nearly 100,000 in June, official figures show, the biggest fall in a month since the start of the financial crisis in 2008.Spain's unemployment rate fell to 5.1% in May, down from 5.9% in March.
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger suffered the heaviest defeat of his managerial career as his side were thrashed 5-1 by Manchester United at Old Trafford in a match that proved to be the most one-sided in the history of the Gunners' rivalry with their arch-rivals.
A BBC team filming on Mount Etna in Italy has been injured in an explosion on the mountain, one of the world's most active volcanoes, the BBC has reported from the scene, saying it was the "most dangerous incident" of its life.Â© Rebecca Morelle.
David Cameron should publish a White Paper setting out how he plans to devolve more powers to Scotland, according to the former chairman of the Liberal Democrat group in the House of Lords, Lord Forsyth, who is standing down as an MSP at the general election.
Warren Gatland has the "capabilities" to be the next New Zealand head coach, says New Zealand assistant coach John Brooke, who has been in talks with the Wales head coach about the vacant position at the All Blacks, says BBC Wales rugby correspondent Mark Lowen.
Benfica won the Portuguese Super Cup for a record third successive season with a comfortable 5-0 win over second-placed Vitória Guimarães in the final at the Estadio do Fonte Nova on Sunday.Â£13.5m.
Paralympic gold medallist David Smith had to overcome a mystery neck injury, a mystery tumour and a broken foot before deciding to take up cycling at the age of 35."I had the bug and really wanted to be an Olympian," says the 35-year-old.
Down produced a much-improved display to beat Meath 1-13 to 0-14 in the Division Two Football League Division Two game at Cushendall on Friday night and move off the bottom of the table with their first win of the season.
Tributes have been paid to a "dedicated" Bristol councillor who has died after a long illness, with one of the city's most senior Labour politicians describing him as an "establishment rebel" and a "commitment to social justice" who was an "outspoken social activist".
Rangers midfielder Aaron Townsend has been banned for six months by the Football Association after being found guilty of a Football Association charge of betting on a Premier League fixture on 28 April.Â£10,000 fine and a fine of £5,000 for a breach of betting rules.
Manchester City's training ground at Etihad Stadium is a hive of activity as the club's coaches, players and fans battle it out for possession of the ball in a scrum of scrum-like scrum, shouting instructions to each other in a frenetic, frenetic drill.
People with at least a college degree are more likely to have a steady stream of income from month-to-month, according to the Federal Reserve's annual survey of the US economy, but the gap between rich and poor continues to widen, a report says.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron has said he does not believe gay sex is a sin, but has refused to "pontificate" on the issue in the face of questions about his views on the matter in the media and in the Church of England."My job is not to pontificate on theological matters."
Developers Barratt Developments have announced plans to build more than 1,000 new homes in Scotland over the next five years, in a bid to meet growing demand for new-build homes.Â£100m of investment will be made in 10 new sites across Scotland.
The Scottish Parliament's finance committee is expected to vote on the Scottish government's budget next week, with the final vote expected in the end of February, BBC Scotland has learned from Holyrood's finance select committee on the budget's details and the Liberal Democrats' demands.
A US tourist has died after falling into a hot spring at Yellowstone National Park in the US state of Wyoming, park officials say, after straying off a path and into a fragile rock formation in the hot springs area near Grand Prismatic Outstanding Natural History Museum.
Pop star Gary Barlow has surprised fans in Manchester by turning up at a concert dressed as a man dressed as the singer himself - and singing the same song at a nearby shopping centre in the city centre.Â£10,000 worth of flowers have been given to him by fans.
Eight people have been injured in a fire at a block of flats in the west end of Glasgow, the fire service has said.Police are investigating the cause of the blaze which broke out in the early hours of the night and is being treated as suspicious by fire crews.
Poland's parliament has rejected a bill that would have made it a crime for women to have an abortion, despite mass protests against the proposal on Monday, despite the support of the Catholic Church and the right-wing ruling party, which had initially backed it.
Four men have admitted their part in the Hatton Garden safety deposit box raid, which saw jewellery worth millions of pounds stolen from the jewellers' vault.Â£10m worth of watches, watches and watches worth Â£2.5m stolen.
Wales bounced back from their opening Six Nations defeat by England with a hard-fought win over Scotland in Edinburgh to move level on points with the defending champions at the top of the table with three games to go in to the final day of the tournament remaining.
Justin Gatlin won the 100m at the European Indoor 100m final in 9.98 seconds, the fastest time of the year so far, to finish second behind Olympic champion Wayde van Niekerk of the Netherlands at the Diamond League meeting in Brussels.
In our series of letters from African journalists, Ghanaian writer Elizabeth Ohene looks at why Ghanaians are so passionate about football, and why two Yemeni ex-detainees from Guantanamo Bay have been allowed to live in the country, writes the former Ghanaian ambassador to the United States.
Senegal's hopes of reaching the last 16 of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea ended with a 1-1 draw with Ecuador in Jeonju on Tuesday.The game ended in a draw after a controversial video replay in the South Korean city.
A man in his 20s has been shot in the leg in a paramilitary-style attack in Londonderry in the early hours of the morning hours of this morning, the PSNI has said.Police are treating the attack as attempted murder and are treating it as attempted rape.
West Ham striker Andy Carroll has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a hamstring injury in his first Premier League game since returning from injury on Boxing Day, the Hammers have confirmed to BBC Radio Hammers' Sportscene.Â£10m signing Andy Carroll will be out for up to three months.
Former European Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso's decision to take up a job with Goldman Sachs is the "worst disservice" to the EU, France's foreign minister has said in a parliamentary debate.Â£1bn-a-year job with the US investment bank is "the worst disservice to Europe", he added.
Former world champion Jenson Button says he will retire from Formula 1 at the end of the season, with Sunday's Hungarian Grand Prix likely to be his final race in Formula 1."My life starts now," says the four-time world champion who will retire after this weekend's race.
Bolton Wanderers midfielder Chris Howard will miss the rest of the season after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury in the defeat by Peterborough United at the Macron Stadium on Saturday, reports BBC Radio Lancashire on Friday night (19:30 BST).
UK unemployment fell by 39,000 in August to 1.9 million, official figures show, as the number of people out of work fell to a record low of 5.1 million, down from 5.2 million a month earlier, according to the latest figures.
The number of children being put forward for adoption in England has fallen by more than a third in the last three months, official figures show, according to a new body set up to guide adoption agencies and local authorities in the country's social care system in England and Wales.
The board of the company owned by Sumner Redstone and his daughter Shari Redstone has voted to remove Jean-Claude Dauman from the role of chairman and chief executive, in a move that could see him removed from the company's management team for the first time.
The Scottish FA is in talks with Scotland's women's national team over terms and conditions of their contract.The players have refused to speak to the media in a dispute over funding.Â£1.5m is being paid to the players for their time on home-based training.
Police in Denmark say they believe a torso found off the coast of western Denmark is that of a missing journalist whose body parts were cut from a submarine in the sea off the Danish island of Gotland on Monday. But they do not know how long it is or what it is.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover came from behind to beat Forest Green Rovers 4-3 at the Crabble Athletic Ground in a high-scoring National League encounter.Â£10,000-rated Ricky Miller was the match-winner for the second time this season.
A woman has been jailed for life for stabbing a woman to death in a row over a £20 note she had lost in a charity shop, a court has heard, after she was convicted of murder by a jury of diminished responsibility for her death by gross negligence.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has carried out a number of covert operations in Africa over the past 50 years, according to declassified US government documents seen by the BBC's Africa programme and the BBC News website, but it is not clear how many of these were directly linked to the overthrow of leaders.
Dan Biggar will start at fly-half for Ospreys against Grenoble in their European Challenge Cup game on Friday, 13 December, with Sam Davies replacing the injured Dan Biggar at scrum-half and Tom Habberfield in the back row.
Girls at a private boarding school in London could soon be allowed to wear grey pleated skirts, with the introduction of a gender neutral uniform, under plans being considered by the school's headmaster and governors.Â£6,000-a-term fee-free boarding school is considering introducing a new dress code.
Northern Ireland's Michael Sharvin carded a six-under-par 65 to share the lead after the opening round of the Australian Open.Â£1.5m is on offer to the top two finishers at Phillip Island in Melbourne.ÂÂ£2m is also on offer for the world number one golfer.
A giant red 'A' sign has appeared at a roundabout in Berkshire, prompting a social media hunt to find out where the sign came from and who put it there in the middle of a busy road in the town where a red letterbox 'appeared' last year.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at whether African artists are still free to tell their own stories in the face of censorship in the developing world, and how this freedom has affected the way they make their work.
The ground in Slievenacloy, County Antrim, has been covered in potted plants for more than 100 years.It is one of Northern Ireland's most famous tourist attractions, but it has never been seen by the outside world until now.Â£1m worth of plants have been planted in the area.
A woman has died following a two-vehicle crash on the A74(M) near Dalwhinnie in Dumfries and Galloway on Saturday morning, it has been confirmed to be a 65-year-old woman from Stranraer.
Flights have been cancelled at Dublin Airport due to bad weather conditions in the Republic of Ireland, the Irish weather service has said in a statement.Â£500,000 worth of damage has been caused by bad weather in the country, it has been reported in the Irish media.
Chris and Gabby Adcockney are through to the final of the women's doubles at the World Badminton Championships in London after a comfortable semi-final win in the semi-finals on Saturday.Â£100,000 of funding for badminton has been withdrawn from the sport.
Castleford Tigers have signed half-back Mattyi Fonua from Sydney Roosters on a two-year deal for the 2017 Super League season, with an option for a further 12 months if he is offered a further year at the Super League club.
Lord West has told MPs that a missile was fired into Wales by mistake in the 1950s, it has emerged.Â£1bn worth of missiles were fired into the country by mistake, he has told the Commons Defence Committee.ÂÂ£2.5bn of taxpayers' money has been spent on the UK's nuclear deterrent, the BBC understands.
It's been a successful auction for one man, and now he's set to sell another batch of Star Wars memorabilia worth up to £40,000 - even though he's living in a rented flat in Hertfordshire, he's only got 10,000 toys in his collection.
Serbia captain Branislav Ivanovic says Wales' World Cup qualifier against his country on Saturday will be a "once-in-a-century" opportunity for his country to inflict a first home defeat on Chris Coleman's side since he took over as manager.
The US justice department is changing its policy on recording interviews with suspects to allow federal agents to take audio and video recordings, the department has said in a memo obtained by the Washington Post and other news outlets, the BBC has learned, citing a memo it sent to Congress.
A former High Court judge has been appointed to carry out an independent review of hate crime laws in Scotland, amid calls to scrap the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act over fears it is failing to protect football fans from sectarianism and other anti-social behaviour at matches.
An under-text from an ancient bible has been found after a £1m fundraising campaign to secure its future has been completed, it has been announced after a three-year wait.Â£1.5m has been raised to secure the book's safe future.
The mood in Kiev has been one of cautious optimism as the new Ukrainian government has begun its first day of work following the referendum on whether Crimea should join Russia or remain part of the Ukraine-Russia union.Â£1.5bn in aid has been pledged by the European Union and the US, but there is still a sense of urgency in the country's new government.
The electoral commission in Egypt has upheld an appeal by ousted Prime Minister Ahmed Shafiq to be allowed to stand in next month's presidential election, his lawyer has said, after initially disqualifying him from the race to be the next president of the Arab world's most populous country.
Derby County assistant manager Nigel Powell says he is "fine" after being suspended by the Championship club following Nigel Pearson's sacking as manager on Tuesday."We have to get on with the job in hand," says the club's director of football Les Reed.
National League side Forest Green Rovers have signed striker George Preston on a two-year deal after his contract with Millwall was terminated by mutual consent on Friday.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the striker.Â€2,000 has been made by the League Two club.
A man accused of attacking a pregnant woman after she refused to have an abortion has told a court he was "napping" at home at the time of the alleged attack and had no contact with her for two months before the attack, a court has heard.
As a manager, chairman and chairman, Vicarage roadshow manager, Graham Taylor was one of football's greats, a man whose achievements at Watford and Aston Villa were often overshadowed by his failings at the top level of the game but who was never afraid to speak out about his failings.
Asian markets were mostly higher on Thursday as investors remained cautious ahead of key US jobs figures later in the week, while Japan's Nikkei share index hit a 15-month high on hopes of an interest rate cut by the country's central bank by the end of the year.
Police in England and Wales are being given new training on how to deal with cases of "coercive and controlling behaviour" in domestic relationships, the BBC has learned from a college of policing experts in the county where it was first used in the 1970s and 1980s.
The Lib Dems are to introduce a new "carer's package" for people looking after others in Wales, Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg has said, as he launched the party's Welsh manifesto.Plaid Cymru has called for a northern powerhouse for Wales.
Fidel Castro is one of the world's most famous and controversial leaders, a man who has been in and out of the limelight for more than half a century and whose name will live on in the minds of all who have followed his every move, every move of his.
Jordan Rhodes scored a stoppage-time winner as Middlesbrough came from behind to beat Bolton and move top of the Championship with a win at the Macron Stadium that all but ended the Wanderers' hopes of avoiding relegation from the top flight this season.Â£10m signing Adam Forshaw was sent off for the hosts.
It's not every day you get a call from a friend and ask them why they smell so good - but when you do, it's easy to forget that you're talking to someone who knows exactly who you are talking to, and whose name is attached to the scent.
Two more youths have been arrested in connection with the murder of a man in west Belfast on Saturday night, the PSNI has confirmed to the Irish Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) on Tuesday night and have been released on bail pending a report to the Public Prosecution Service.
The UK and France are to hold talks in Paris to try to reach an agreement on how to deal with the growing migrant crisis in Calais, the government has said, ahead of a visit to the French port on Thursday by the home secretary and the French interior minister.
Former Commonwealth Games medallist Katie Brace will make her professional debut at London's O2 Arena on Saturday, 10 July.Â£50,000 (£40,000) winner will be the first female boxer to be crowned world champion in the professional ranks.
Newly-acquired manuscripts of Dylan Thomas's poetry are to go on public display for the first time in the UK after being bought by the poet's granddaughter and the university where he wrote them were found in the US.Â£10,000 worth of manuscripts have been bought.
A new stage musical based on Sue Townsend's best-selling children's book Adrian Mole has opened in the UK in a tribute to the author who wrote the book and wrote the screenplay for the film version of the hit TV series, which was released earlier this year.
A woman has been taken to hospital after a two-vehicle crash in a Cardiff tunnel, the Welsh Ambulance Service has said, following a crash involving a car and a lorry in the early hours of the morning on Monday morning, which closed the road.
Stranraer manager Brian Reid has left the Scottish League One strugglers by mutual consent after less than two years in charge of the Scottish Championship club following their relegation from the top flight of Scottish Football League One on Saturday.Â£20,000 in prize money has been paid in the transfer market.
A Labour councillor has been suspended from the party over anti-Semitic tweets she posted before she became an elected member, the BBC has learned from the local authority where she is an elected councillor and parliamentary candidate in the West Country, the party has confirmed to the BBC.
Greece's Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras has postponed high-level talks with European Union (EU) officials to discuss his country's €86bn (£70bn) bailout deal, the EU has said, citing "logistical issues" in the talks.
Police in Chad say they have arrested more than 100 men suspected of involvement in the rape of a young woman in the capital, Chagoua, in February, and are continuing to question a number of other suspects in connection with the case.Â£1.5m has been seized in ransom demands.
Plans for a new social housing development on the site of a council housing scheme at the centre of a row over the role of senior staff have been recommended for approval by councillors to build 60 new homes and flats, it has been reported to the council's planning committee.
Teaching union NASUWT has announced further strike action in a dispute over pay and conditions in a row over a pay offer to its members in Londonderry, County Fermanagh and Tyrone, in which it is the only union in Northern Ireland to take action.
Netflix has cancelled a special on comedian Bill Cosby after a fresh allegation of sexual assault was made against the star, the streaming service has said in a statement to the BBC.Â£1.5m (US$1.7m) in streaming rights.
Jeremy Fernandez is one of Australia's best-known presenters, and one of its best-loved news presenters at the age of 24. He is a big newsreader, but he has never been a big fan of the word "racism" - until recently.
A couple have been reunited with a gold watch and a cycling medal that were stolen from their home 10 years ago after being found by divers in a bag in Slade Ponds, south-west London, police have said, describing it as a "wonderful surprise".
Liverpool have rejected a second bid from Manchester City for England forward Raheem Sterling, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport NI and BBC Radio Merseyside, after the England Under-20 international rejected a new contract.Â£35.5m was the final bid, BBC Sport understands.
The Scottish government has published details of its plans to end tax breaks for shooting estates and increase the number of people owning land in community ownership by more than a million acres over the next five years, in a bid to tackle the country's "deplorable land ownership gap".
The BBC's 100 Women season features the story of Nour, a 15-year-old girl from Mosul who was caught up in the battle between so-called Islamic State (IS) and Kurdish forces for control of the Iraqi city in 2014-15.
National League side Ebbsfleet have signed striker Josh Mills following his release by National League rivals Whitehawk, the club have confirmed to BBC Radio Kent and the BBC Sport website on a free transfer deadline day deal, subject to international clearance and a work permit, reports BBC Kent.
Hamburg has become the latest German city to pass a law requiring owners of empty commercial properties to hand over their properties to the city's authorities to house asylum seekers, in a bid to cope with a surge in the number of migrants arriving in the country this year.
Warwickshire all-rounder Josh Poysdenbrough and fast bowler Alex Mellor have signed new contracts with the county.The Bears have extended the terms of their current deals with the England Lions and the Bears Cricket Board until the end of the 2018 season.
A chatbot designed to help people avoid paying parking tickets has become a hit with its users, with 160,000 challenges being won since it launched in March 2016, according to its creator's Kickstarter page and a report from venture-backed venture firm Venture Beat, reports the BBC.
Former Home Secretary David Waddington has died at the age of 89, his family has said.The former Labour MP and Home Office minister has died in hospital at his home in Lancashire, his spokesman has said, following a long battle with cancer.
A new park and ride service is to be introduced at Wales' largest hospital in a bid to ease congestion caused by traffic gridlock caused by a new emergency unit being built on the site of the former A&E department, it has been announced by the health board.
The BBC has denied claims it faked footage of an iguana being chased by snakes in an episode of Natural History Detectives, which won a Bafta award for best documentary last year, saying the footage was "a true representation of animal behaviour" and was "in keeping with the norms of natural history film-making".
A charity set up to preserve the work of Cumbrian explorer Henry Wainwright has been chosen to fund a project to repair one of his most famous fells in Cumbria's Far Eastern Fells in the Lake District next year.Â£20,000 is to be used to complete the project.
Shaun Whalley scored a late winner as Shrewsbury's League One play-off hopes suffered a blow with a defeat at home to Millwall, who moved up to seventh in the table with a 2-1 victory at the Stadium of Light.
Action camera maker GoPro has said it will cut 1,000 jobs as part of a cost-cutting drive that will also see it shut down its entertainment division.The company has also said it is going to stop selling its cameras in the UK, Canada and the US.
Moors Murderer Ian Brady is to remain in a psychiatric hospital for the foreseeable future, a judge has ruled, despite his bid to be moved to a secure prison.Â£1m-a-year hunger strike by the convicted killer has been ended, it has emerged.
An investigation has been launched into the police response to a 72-year-old man who was later found dead at a sheltered housing complex in Inverness, the Crown Office has said in a press release to the BBC Scotland news website (COPFS).
Arctic sea-ice cover is likely to be much lower this summer than last year, according to a new forecast from the University of Reading and the US-based Nerc Centre for Polar Observation and Modelling (NCOPO) at the US National Oceanographic Institute.
Liberia thrashed Algerian giants JS Kabylie 4-0 in the first leg of their Confederation Cup last-32 tie in Monrovia on Saturday to take a 3-0 lead into the second leg of the last-16 tie in the West Africa.
Norbrook, the County Downpatrick-based engineering and construction firm, has appointed Michael Nagle as its new chief executive.The company has announced that it has agreed a deal to sell its shares in the company to the Sisk Group for an undisclosed sum, subject to approval.
Arsenal produced a scintillating first-half display to thrash Premier League leaders Chelsea and move to within a point of the top four with one game of the season to go as Arsene Wenger's side moved to within three points of second-placed Manchester City in the table.
A pair of white lions have been born at a zoo in South Africa, and they're getting used to life in the big city of Cape Town, South Africa - it's the first time they've been allowed to leave their home in the wild for more than 100 years.
Bristol Rovers have extended the contracts of midfielders Jack Kirby, Matt Gumbs, Luke Gumbs and Luke Duggan, plus defenders Ben Buxton and Chris Ridehalgh. All five players have signed new deals with the League One club, along with goalkeeper Luke Buxton, who has signed a new contract.
Two police officers have been treated in hospital after being injured in an incident at a police station in Dundee, North Ayrshire Police has said, but one of them has been discharged from hospital following surgery to treat injuries sustained in a collision with a car.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after being stabbed in two separate attacks in Londonderry, police have said, one of which is believed to have been a double-stabbing attack in the same street in which he was injured on Saturday night.
Abercrombie & Fitch has been criticised for a tweet about the gay pride movement that was sent by one of its merchandisers on the eve of June's Pride month in the US, calling it "insulting" and "embarrassing" to the community.
A couple have been left "completely penniless" after the funeral company they paid for their cremations went out of business, leaving them with no money to bury their son and daughter-in-law, the BBC has learned from the company's former management.
Yemen's Houthi rebels have released the chief of staff of the country's acting president, a week after they seized him in an attempt to force him to attend a meeting to discuss a new constitution, the Houthi-run government has said in a statement.
Designers in Wales have developed a device which could help athletes recover from head injuries more quickly and effectively, scientists have said in a new study published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences in Washington DC, USA.Â£1.5m has been awarded to the Welsh team behind it.
Bournemouth have signed former Reading goalkeeper Mark Federici on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, with a buy-back clause of up to £1.5m if he is released by the club.
Two men have been found liable for the Omagh bomb atrocity after a retrial at the High Court in Belfast, Mr Justice Michael Gillen has said in a summary ruling.The families of the victims have said they will pursue the men "with vigour" in other courts.
The UK risks losing 16% of its highly skilled science workforce if it does not secure the status of EU citizens after Brexit, the president of the Royal Society has warned in a speech to the Science Festival of Science.Â£1bn funding for research could be at risk if the UK does not retain access to EU funding, he says.
More than half a tonne of toxic second-hand smoke has been inhaled by the public in Scotland since the smoking ban was introduced 10 years ago, according to a new study published in the British Journal of Public Health and Public Health Medicine (BJMH).
Bayern Munich thrashed FC Rostov 5-0 to move top of Champions League Group D, while holders Barcelona thrashed Celtic 7-0 and Atletico Madrid beat PSV Eindhoven 1-0 in the other group games on Tuesday night in the group stage.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter said he was happy with his side's "grind it out" attitude as they beat Japan for the first time in three Tests to secure a first win of the autumn internationals and end a three-match losing run in the Six Nations.
Wakefield Wildcats have appointed former Hull FC and Hull KR head coach Chris Chester as their new head coach on a two-year deal.Â£500,000 salary cap will be paid to the former England boss for the 2017 Super League season, with the option of a third.
A senior police officer has called for CCTV cameras to be installed at the Glasgow Necropolis in a bid to tackle anti-social behaviour in the city's oldest cemetery.Â£10,000 of public money should be spent on installing CCTV cameras, he has said.
Prime Minister David Cameron has said the UK will not stand for hate crime after the Brexit vote, amid reports of racist and anti-Semitic abuse in the wake of the vote to leave the European Union (EU) and a rise in reports of anti-Muslim hate crimes.
Plaid Cymru has accused the UK political parties of offering "no commitment to securing an economic recovery for all" in the run-up to the general election on 8 June, as it set out its plans for Wales and the rest of the UK.
Kent County Football Club have reported a loss of just over £142,000 for the financial year to the end of March 2015, compared to a profit of £1.1m in the previous year.Â£1.4m was recorded in the same period of the previous campaign.
Syrian government forces have retaken control of the town of al-Qaryatain from so-called Islamic State (IS) in the north-western province of Qalamoun, the army has said, a day after the jihadist group was driven out of the area.
The US and UK are to send a total of 66 UK students to the US this summer as part of a project run by the Sutton Trust, a UK-based education charity, to see if they are good enough to go to university in the United States for the first time.
A girl called Emily has been named the winner of a prize for children's writing, after winning a competition run by author Jacqueline Wilson, who has just published her first novel, called Clover Moon, in the UK and Ireland. Click here for more details about the competition.
A Russian diplomat has been accused of beating a Mongolian rapper wearing a traditional swastika-emblazoned outfit at a concert, leaving him in a coma, his father has said, amid reports that he was attacked by a group of people dressed in Nazi-era clothing.
The family of a motorcyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a Greater Manchester road are taking legal action against the local council after an inquest jury found it had made mistakes in the way it dealt with the road ahead of his death.A coroner is writing to both the government and the council.
A body has been found in the search for a hillwalker who has been missing in the Cairngorms for more than a week, the BBC has learned from the Scottish Police Service (PSPSNI) and the BBC Scotland news website.Â£20,000 of equipment has been used to recover a body.
Spain's men's rugby sevens team have qualified for the Olympics for the first time in their history after beating Tonga in their final World Rugby Sevens Championship group match in Auckland, New Zealand, on Saturday, on the final day of the qualifying round.
The remains of a World War Two Spitfire that crashed in Oxfordshire 75 years ago have been discovered in a field in the Forest of Dean, it has been revealed to BBC News.com's Mark Lowen.com.augmented images from BBC News NI.
All pictures are copyrighted and no-one should be allowed to use them in any way without the permission of BBC Scotland or the BBC News website, which is available on our website, Facebook or Instagram (see www.bbcscotlandpics.co.uk).
Doctor Who star Karen Gillan Gillan is returning to the small screen with a new film set in her home city of Inverness, one year after the suicide of her best friend, which she describes as "a really hard time expressing how she feels about the whole event".
Harlequins' hopes of reaching the European Challenge Cup quarter-finals suffered a setback as they lost to Stade Francais in a penalty shoot-out at the French side's Stade Pierre-Ambroise-sur-Yon in the last 16.
Marko Pjaca and Dani Alves scored on their debuts as 10-man Juventus came from behind to beat Porto and set up a home Champions League last-16 tie against Barcelona in the second leg of their last-32 tie at the Allianz Arena.
Wales lock Jake Ball says he is ready to "put his stamp on the shirt" after a "frustrating" 12 months out of international rugby with injury and injury problems that ended with him being dropped for the autumn internationals against South Africa and Japan.
A crowdfunded campaign to raise money for a memorial to David Bowie in south London has failed to reach its £900,000 target in less than a week, its organisers have said, but they are still "determined" to create a permanent tribute to the musician.
A man has admitted breaking into a Leicestershire pensioner's home and killing him in an act of "unlawful" and "unprovoked" violence, causing him to die in a fit of rage and rage.Â£20,000 worth of damage has been paid to the victim's house.
Frankie Raymond's late strike gave Dagenham & Redbridge their first win of the season as they beat York in a scrappy encounter at Victoria Road in the National League at the start of the New Year's Day weekend in which both sides had a player sent off.
The X Factor and Britain's Got Talent are to move from BBC One to ITV next year, the broadcaster has confirmed.ITV has also announced a new three-year deal with Simon Cowell for both shows, despite the show's poor ratings performance this year.
Russia says it will be fined by Uefa for hooliganism at the Stade Velodrome stadium in Marseille, where England fans clashed with police on Saturday night and Russia fans appeared to throw flares at England supporters.Â£10,000 (£6,000) in fines will be given to the Russian football federation for crowd trouble.
Iraqi government forces have broken a two-month siege of the town of Amerli, Iraqi military sources say, in what is believed to be the biggest military operation of its kind in the country since the start of the jihadist group's rise to power in June.
US regulators have said that companies that sell digital coins backed by the technology behind them must register their offerings with the US stock market regulator, in a move that could lead to a rise in the value of the virtual currency, or crypto-currency, in the coming days.
Welsh Liberal Democrat leader Kirsty Williams has said she wants to scrap tuition fee subsidies and replace them with maintenance grants to help families pay for school tuition fees if the party wins the assembly election in May 2016, if she is re-elected to be leader of the party.
Kirsty Gilmour Bankier became the first Scot to win 10 National titles with victory in the women's doubles final at the Scottish Badminton Championships in Glasgow.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the 28-year-old from Stirling.
Wilfried Bony scored twice as Ivory Coast beat Algeria to reach the Africa Cup of Nations semi-finals for the first time since 2010 and set up a last-four tie against DR Congo.Â£25m signing Gervinho scored twice in a thrilling quarter-final win.
Call of Duty fans in Singapore have hit back at a video game marketing stunt, accusing the makers of "faking news" on social media in a bid to promote the latest edition of the popular shooter video game franchise's latest expansion, which is due to be released later this month.
Scientists at Glasgow University have developed a new way to breed resistant sea lice to improve the sustainability of the Atlantic salmon farming industry, according to a new study published in the Royal Society journal on Thursday.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured by the Scottish government to fund the research.
North Korea is holding local elections on Sunday - the first to be held in the country since the death of leader Kim Jong-un in December 2011, and the first since he took power in March 2011 - and it is widely expected to be the most tightly contested in decades.
George Osborne was on his feet for over an hour as he delivered his Budget speech on Wednesday night - and he didn't miss a single mention of the South East in the whole of his speech, not a single line of speech was dedicated to the region, not even a single sentence.
Laura Trott won the women's individual pursuit title at the British National Track Cycling Championships in Manchester on the opening day of the event in her home town of Leeds.Andy Tennant and Matt Crampton both retained their titles in the men's and women's event.
Ian Martin says he has no plans to race on the Honda Fireblade this year after initially saying he was quitting road racing on the Hondas in favour of road racing in the UK for the first time in his career, reports BBC Radio Ulster and BBC Radio Scotland.
Venezuela's military says it has lifted a curfew in the eastern city of San Cristobal, one of the country's largest cities, which has been under a state of emergency for more than a week.Â£1.5m worth of goods have been returned to the area after a military operation to clear barricades.
More than three-quarters of people in Scotland believe the right to buy for new social housing tenants should be scrapped, according to a new survey by the Scottish government's housing policy watchdog, the Scottish Social Housing Authority.Â£1.5bn house-building plan could see 18,000 properties retained over 10 years, it has been claimed.
An exhibition celebrating Liverpool's "architectural past" has opened at a new centre in the city's city centre, which aims to "revolutionise" the way the north-east of England is planned for the 21st Century and bring together the country's "northern powerhouse cities".
A diver has claimed to have discovered a new depth for Loch Ness, the world's deepest man-made loch, off the west coast of Scotland's north west Highlands coast, according to the Maritime and Coastguard Agency (MCA) and the National Oceanographic Institute.
A new school campus in East Ayrshire is to be named in honour of the late Scottish author William McIlvanney, who died last month aged 84.Â£1.5m has been earmarked for the site.Â© BBC Scotland.
The family of a Scottish aid worker who was killed in Afghanistan in 2010 have travelled to the country to visit the country where she was abducted and secretly filmed by her captors before she was killed by a US special forces special forces soldier.Â£100,000 of donations have been made to her charity.
Five Hong Kong police officers have been sentenced to six months in jail for assaulting a protester during the 2014 pro-democracy protests.The city's high court has sentenced them to three years in jail.Â£1.5m ($2.4m; $3.2m) in fines and costs.
The family of a six-year-old boy who was seriously injured in a hit-and-run crash on the Isle of Wight have said he has made "amazing progress" and is learning to walk again after being told he might never walk again.
Gerry Rafferty, one of the UK's best-known songwriters, has died at the age of 67.Tributes have been paid to the Scottish songwriter and singer who has died after a short illness, it has been announced.Â£1.5m has been raised for his family.
The first Concorde to take to the skies in the UK has arrived at Heathrow Airport ahead of the official opening of a new museum on the site of a former airfield in east London on Thursday.Â£1.5m worth of Concorde memorabilia will go on display.
Plastic bag charges introduced in England and Wales have been blamed for the closure of one of the UK's last remaining UK-based manufacturers of single-use carrier bags, the BBC has learned from a factory in Lancashire where staff have been told they are being made redundant.
Two lesbian women in the Indonesian province of Aceh have been forced to leave their homes after a local Sharia chief told them they must beheaded for being gay, reports the BBC's Yolande Tjahaja Purna in the Aceh province of Borneo.
The Serious Fraud Office has been ordered to pay the legal costs of six men accused of a multi-million pound fraud in a case which was thrown out by a High Court judge last year.The group of defendants have said they are "relieved and vindicated" by the decision.
For 29-year-old Michael McKinstry, the past six months have been the most difficult of his football career, but they have also been some of the most rewarding."I've made a career of proving doubters wrong," says the Northern Ireland football manager.
Scottish hockey player Scott Forsyth says the prospect of playing in front of a home crowd at the European Championships will give his team a boost in their bid to win promotion to the top tier of the game for the first time in the country's history.Â£250,000 will be spent on the tournament in Glasgow.
Two brothers who have been facing a multi-million pound debt pile-up have offered to settle their debts in a bid to avoid going into liquidation, the High Court has been told in Londonderry, Northern Ireland's largest bankruptcy court has ruled.
The UK's manufacturing sector grew at its fastest pace in more than three years in May, according to a closely-watched survey, but remained at a three-year low for the third month in a row, suggesting the sector could be a drag on the economy in the second quarter.
Championship side Sheffield Wednesday have signed Republic of Ireland striker Nicklas Bendtner on a four-year deal after he rejected a new deal at Ipswich Town, with the option of a further year-long loan at the end of the season. Click here for more on the deal.
Veteran US actor and director Saul Wallach has died at the age of 95, his family has announced. His death has been confirmed.Â£1m (1.2m) in the US has been announced.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Britain's Kyle Edmund and Johanna Konta will be among the first British players in action on day one of the US Open, which gets under way on Monday in New York's Flushing Meadows on the eve of the tournament's first Grand Slam of the year.
Israel has issued a warning to its citizens travelling to India, warning them to stay away from crowded places in the run-up to the New Year's Eve celebrations in Goa and other tourist spots in the western Indian state of Goa, saying they could be targets of a terror attack.
Confidence among UK consumers has fallen to its lowest level in more than 20 years following the Brexit vote, according to a survey of the mood of the nation after the vote to leave the European Union, which suggests consumers are starting to cut back on discretionary spending.
An explosion has destroyed part of Aleppo's famous Haghigh citadel, one of Syria's most important landmarks, according to a monitoring group and reports from the city's residents and opposition activists, who say it was caused by a rebel bomb attack on Sunday morning.
Climate change and land-use change are threatening the survival of tropical forests in the Amazon rainforest, a study has suggested, raising the prospect of a major loss of tree cover as a result of climate change and habitat loss over the next few decades, it has warned.
Two men arrested on suspicion of murdering a Cambridgeshire pub owner whose disappearance is being treated as murder will face no further action, police have said, pending a report to the Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) in London and in the UK's highest court.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the bodies of a man and a woman were found at a house in Sheffield, police have said in a statement to BBC South Yorkshire Police and the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) in the city.
Yeovil Town Ladies have re-signed England Under-20 international midfielder Jess Howard on a two-year deal after she was named in their squad for the upcoming Women's Super League One Spring Series in England, which starts in March 2016 and runs until the end of the season.
Nigeria's former governor James Ibori has been awarded £1.5m in damages by a High Court judge after he was wrongly detained in the UK while he was due to be released from prison.Â£57m is still unaccounted for by the Home Office, the court has heard.
The Scottish Football Association has apologised to fans who received a spoof email purporting to be from the governing body, saying it had been sent by a third-party email provider, not the Scottish FA, which is responsible for the organisation's official communications to fans.
Welsh walker Elinor Davies says it is "unbelievable" to join the likes of Tom Bosworth, Callum Wilkinson and Gemma Bridge at next month's World Championships in London after setting two new British records in her latest week.
Former Yorkshire and England fast bowler John Appleyard has died at the age of 83, his family has announced.Â£1.5m in lifetime earnings was the result of a long battle with Parkinson's disease, it has been confirmed by the county club.
The girlfriend of a teenager who took his own life texted him before he died, telling him to "turn the generator on and you will be free and happy", a court in the US state of Massachusetts heard on Tuesday, as arguments began in the case against her.
British and Irish Lions captain Sam Warburton says he is "more hungry" than ever to play for Wales after being replaced by Alun Wyn Jones as skipper for the first time in his career in a decision he says was "best for himself and the team".
Five men have been arrested after a 19-year-old was shot dead in a Birmingham street following a large-scale fight involving up to 300 young men, police have said, with one of them still being questioned.Police have released no further details about the killing.
India has accused Pakistan of trying to influence the UN's International Court of Justice (ICJ) in the case of a former Indian navy officer who is due to be executed on charges of spying, after Pakistan said he asked for his life on "compassionate grounds".
As part of the BBC Rewind programme, the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire takes a look at the gender pay gap in the workplace and how it affects women and men in the UK today - and why it is so hard to get an equal pay for equal work.
A pilot scheme to stop parents parking illegally outside their children's school has been scrapped after just three months, the BBC has learned.A union has criticised a council for scrapping the scheme because it was "simply not an effective runner".Â£20,000 worth of parking fines were issued in the first year of the scheme.
Wigan Athletic have sacked manager David Joyce with the Championship club in danger of relegation from the top flight of English football after just one win in 11 league games in 2017-18, with the Latics' worst start to a season in more than 50 years.
A man has been jailed for lying to police about a hit-and-run in which an 18-year-old boy was killed 12 years ago, in what police described as a "web of lies" by a "criminal associate" involved in the case.
Defending champion Garbine Muguruza began the defence of her French Open title with a hard-fought 6-4 6-2 win over Francesca Schiavone in the first round in Paris on Monday. 6-3 7-5 7-6 (7-5) 6-5.
A left-wing group has said it is "ludicrous" to describe its supporters of Jeremy Corbyn as "entryists" in the Labour leadership contest as the party faces a "surge" of new members.Labour says it will not block applications from people who do not support the party.
Tsunami waves have hit the coast of central Chile, a day after the country's most powerful earthquake in more than 70 years.Thousands of people have returned to their homes after a major clean-up operation, as emergency teams arrive to help those displaced by the disaster.
Coventry City's move from Highfield Road to the Ricoh Arena was the "best weekend" of the Sky Blues' footballing history, according to one of the club's fans who was there for their last home game at the old stadium, the 2005 FA Cup Final.
National League side Bury have extended the loan spell of Bury striker Jake Clarke-Salter until the end of the season, with an option to extend it until the summer of 2018.Â£10,000 has been paid in compensation for the player's services.
BBC Northern Ireland has won four awards at the Irish Radio and TV Producers' Guild Awards in Dungarvan, County Waterford, including best production of the year for the first time in the BBC Northern Ireland programme's history and the best programme of the past 12 months.
How much do you pay for the things you don't need to do - and what do you get for them - if you use the internet to do them instead of going into a bank branch, or using a call centre to get a cash machine to cash them out?
A dissident republican bomb found near a primary school in north Belfast could have caused the death or serious injury of a member of the public had it exploded, police have said, describing it as a "reckless" act of "anti-community act".
Papers in India say tensions between India and China are "withering away in the windswept cold desert" of Ladakh, as tensions between the two countries continue to rise on the border between the Himalayan state of Bhutan and the country's north-eastern states.
Women's Super League One side Glasgow City Ladies have signed former Sunderland Ladies midfielder Jess Staniforth and former Scotland Under-23 international Rachel Sjoman.Â£100,000-rated midfielder Jess Sjomen has joined the club from FC Halifax Town Ladies.
In the heart of the Gaza Strip, on the outskirts of the city of Nablus, a few hundred people live in a newly-built apartment complex named after Sheikh Hamad bin Hamad al-Thani, in the eastern part of the coastal territory.
CrossCountry has said there will be no changes to its timetables in Scotland after ScotRail said it would not be able to replicate some of its services north of Edinburgh to and from north east Scotland at the same time as the rail operator ScotRail does not have the capacity to do so.
The US has urged China and Vietnam to "de-escalate tensions" over a stand-off in disputed waters in the South China Sea, saying it was "provocative" of China's move to set up an oil rig in the disputed area, the US says.
Roman Catholic cardinals have begun their first day of pre-conclave meetings at the Vatican, as they seek to elect a new Pope to replace the retiring Benedict XVI, who is due to step down next week at the age of 78.Â£1bn (€1.1bn; $1.2bn).
As Russia grapples with record levels of personal debt, the BBC's Yulia Efimova talks to people who are struggling to pay off their debts - and how the country's financial ombudsman is trying to help them get out of arrears.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has called on China to allow the value of its currency, the yuan, to rise to a new record low against the US dollar by the end of the year as it tries to revive the world's second-largest economy.
Three people have been rescued after a boat capsized in the River Nith in Aberdeenshire, the fire service has said, with one of them believed to have made it ashore and two others stranded on an island in the flood water on the other side.
The UK's telecoms regulator, Ofcom, has said it is considering splitting off BT's Openreach division as part of its strategic review of the UK's broadband network, the BBC's Rory Cellmate Rory Cellan-Jones has learned from a senior figure at the organisation.
Civil society groups in Niger have filed a legal complaint against the French company at the centre of a multi-million dollar scandal over the sale of uranium in the country, the BBC has been told by a court in the capital, Niamey, where the case is being heard.
At least 11 people have been killed in the South African city of Cape Town in the worst winter storm to hit the Western Cape province in more than 30 years, officials and weather officials have said, as heavy rain and strong winds continue to batter parts of the region.
A freight train has derailed and burst into flames in the US state of Tennessee, forcing the evacuation of more than 1,000 people from their homes and businesses and injuring several police officers, officials say, one of whom is in a critical condition in hospital in Nashville.
Paralympic gold medallist Sophie Brown says she will not change her bow to qualify for the 2016 Rio Games despite being left out of the Great Britain archery squad for this summer's Paralympics in Rio, which begin in August 2016, BBC Sport has learned.
A rugby player died after his car was involved in a head-on collision with a Porsche while racing the sports car he was racing, an inquest has heard, as the driver of the other car failed to stop to help the victim's car on the side of the road.
An Australian man has been arrested after allegedly driving a stolen bulldozer into a house in New South Wales, knocking it down, killing three people and injuring two others, police say.A police officer used pepper spray to incapacitate the driver of the vehicle, who fled the scene.
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg headed team-mate Lewis Hamilton in first practice at the Chinese Grand Prix, but the session was marred by technical problems for both Williams and Renault on the first day of the race weekend at Beijing's Zhejiang Grand Prix.
Cardiff Blues maintained their 100% start to the defence of their European Challenge Cup title with a hard-fought bonus-point win over French side Pau at the Principality Stadium on Saturday night in the Welsh region's top-of-the-table clash.
Families whose babies' ashes were not handed to them by a crematorium where the ashes of hundreds of babies were not given to them are taking legal action against the local council over the issue, it has been confirmed to the High Court, BBC Shropshire reports.
Here is the full text of the letter from Prime Minister David Cameron to European Council President Donald Tusk, in which he sets out the government's approach to the UK's departure from the European Union and sets out its plans for a future partnership with the EU.
The poultry industry in Northern Ireland is worth more than £1bn a year to the local economy and is the biggest employer in the north east of England and Wales, according to the Department of Agriculture and Environment, Food and Rural Development and Rural Renewable Heat Incentive Scheme.
French customs officials have seized a 19th Century oil painting on board a luxury yacht in the English Channel after it was spotted being tried to leave the country on a boat registered to a British company, officials said on Friday.A Spanish court has ordered it not to be taken out of France.
MPs are to question Sir Bradley Wiggins' former coach about the contents of a package delivered to Team Sky by a British Cycling coach as part of an inquiry into doping in sport.The UK Anti-Doping chief has been invited to give evidence to MPs next week.
A man who murdered a Glasgow shopkeeper in a "barbaric, premeditated and wholly unjustified" attack has been jailed for life.The judge at the High Court has described it as "an appalling display of merciless violence" and said he expressed "no remorse whatsoever" for his actions.
If you want to know what's going on in the Scottish independence referendum, you might want to look at a single poll, rather than a whole series of polls, as the debate has been going on for the last two weeks, but what can we learn from the last couple of weeks?
Leeds Rhinos coach Brian McDermott believes their Grand Final win gave his side an edge over their rivals because it was the perfect send-off for three of the club's greats who said farewell to the game on Saturday night on the same day they became parents for the first time.
New Zealand all-rounder Corey Anderson has been ruled out of action for the rest of the T20 Blast after having surgery on a shoulder injury suffered in the first Test defeat by England in England last month.Â£20,000-rated Somerset have confirmed they are seeking a replacement for him.
Talks aimed at averting the imposition of a new contract for junior doctors in England have been adjourned for a second time in a bid to resolve a dispute over pay, conditions and the government's plans for a seven-day NHS in the event of a deal.
Pakistan and Afghanistan have agreed to establish a hotline to try to prevent cross-border attacks by militants, the Pakistani military has said, in a sign of growing security co-operation between the two neighbours in the face of a growing insurgency by the Taliban in Afghanistan.
The Sydney Sixers will face the Scorchers in the final of the Big Bash League after coming from behind to beat the Brisbane Heat by two runs in a super over.Â£1.5m prize money will be awarded to the victors after the match finished in a draw.
Barcelona extended their lead at the top of La Liga to eight points with a comfortable win over Atletico Madrid, who missed the chance to move level on points with second-placed Real Madrid at the end of the season with three games remaining.Â£45m-rated Barcelona extended their unbeaten run to 35 games.
The driver of the train that derailed in Spain last month, killing at least 84 people, did not send a text message or use his work phone during the journey, the country's rail operator has told a parliamentary committee.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn; $1.8bn) in insurance claims have been made by passengers.
The funeral of a fan of Ariana Grande who was killed in the Manchester attack has been held in her home village, where she was described as a "beautiful" young woman who "lived her life to the full" and "lived life to its full".
Katherine Beaumont's unbeaten 68 helped Surrey Stars beat Yorkshire Diamonds by 11 runs to win the Women's One-Day Cup for the first time in the competition's history and end Yorkshire's 100-year wait for a first title in Women's Super League One.
Championship side Fulham have signed Borussia Monchengladbach midfielder Apostolos Petsos on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Craven Cottage in the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m has been agreed for the player.
Asian markets fell on Thursday after Federal Reserve chair Janet Yellen said the US central bank would be "patient" before raising interest rates again if the US economy continues to grow at its current rate and the Federal Reserve's target of about 2.5% over the next year.
Gloucester reached the quarter-finals of the European Challenge Cup for the first time in three years with a bonus-point win over Cardiff Blues at Kingholm, despite playing most of the match with 10 men for much of the second half.Defending champions Cardiff Blues were knocked out of the competition.
A lorry has been stuck in a sinkhole for more than 24 hours after a road collapsed, leaving it wedged between two quarries and a main road, causing it to become wedged in the ground below and unable to be moved by crane or tow truck.
Stewart Hunt's battle with Niki Lauda for the 1976 Formula 1 world title was one of the greatest sporting stories of all time, but it was overshadowed by a controversial sponsorship deal that would change the face of the sport in the UK for decades to come.
A man is in a critical condition in hospital after he was hit by a car that had been seen being driven "dangerously" in the area where he was involved in a crash in Londonderry, police have said, adding that the driver had been "abandoned" nearby.
Ross County won the Scottish League Cup for the first time in their history as Alex Schalk's injury-time winner saw them beat Hibernian in a frantic final at Hampden Park to lift the trophy for only the second time in the club's history.
A number of dogs have been taken ill after being walked in a field near a cricket ground, prompting an investigation into suspected poisoning of the animals, the RSPCA has said, with one dog owner facing vet bills of more than Â£1,000.
Wales coach Warren Gatland Jenkins says it is "baffling" to see criticism of his side's Six Nations record-equalling run of wins in a row."It was a funny feeling after the game," he admitted after the win over France.
Mae Heddlu Gogledd Cymru wedi ei gyhuddiadau o lofruddio i garchar Altcourse yng Nghaerdydd yn parhau yn dilyn achosi niwed corfforol difrifol iddo, yn ôl un o'r heddlu.
Scientists have developed "fingerprints" that could be used to authenticate electronic devices such as smart phones, computers and self-driving cars, researchers say.Â£1.5bn-worth of electronic devices could be secure, they say, if the technology can be developed.
Police are investigating the theft of benzodiazepine tablets following a break-in at a pharmaceutical company in the Broughty Ferry area of Glasgow.Â£20,000 worth of the drug has been stolen.ÂÂ£10,000 in cash and £5,000 of heroin has been recovered.
England's remarkable turnaround in the second Test against South Africa at The Oval was the most remarkable of all time to see a team come from a position of total defeat to win a Test at Lord's in the space of a couple of hours on the third day.
British 10,000m runner Eilidh Andrews says she has received an "incredible" response to her shock victory at the London Anniversary Games, just three months before the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, where she hopes to compete in her first major international event.
The retreat at the Golden Generation Worship & Retreat Center in Pennsylvania is not the kind of place you would expect to find the most powerful man in the world of politics and religion. But it is also not the most famous man in America.Â£1m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in the US.
The Indian authorities have appealed against the acquittal of two men accused of the 2008 rape and murder of an Irish teenager on a beach in Goa, a lawyer for her family has said in the BBC Hindi news channel's Hindi service, Rajya Zindrani.
Dundee's Blind Derek is back in town, but this time he's not talking about Dundee United - he's talking about the plight of his beloved Arabs, writes BBC Scotland's Mark Lowen, who has been following the story of the club's relegation from the Scottish Premiership.
A woman in the US state of Ohio has been charged with rape and robbery after allegedly attacking a taxi driver in a "distraction" during a robbery, say police.Â£1,000 (US$1,200; Â£800) in cash was stolen from the cab driver.
The family of a County Londonderry man who died in China have said they are "devastated" by the loss of their "best brother, son and friend".The body of the teacher is due to be flown back to the UK on Monday.
A Scottish artist has used his sketchbook and chalks to create a series of paintings of the Far Shore from a boat trip around the Highlands and Islands.Â£10,000 worth of work is being exhibited for the first time in the UK for more than a decade.
Scotland's Six Nations title hopes suffered a blow as they were beaten by France in Paris, despite a spirited second-half fightback from the Scots.A hat-trick of penalties from Yoann Lopez helped Les Bleus to a hard-fought victory.
A 24-hour strike by First Dorset bus drivers is set to begin in a row over pay and conditions, the union Unite has said.The operator has said the action will cause "great hardship" to its customers in Dorset and the South East.
Hundreds of workers at the Michelin factory in County Antrim have returned to work after a two-day strike in protest at the closure of the plant, which is set to cost the local economy almost 1,000 jobs, including the loss of hundreds of manufacturing jobs.
Developing countries are failing to give enough money to the humanitarian crisis in Syria, according to the charity Oxfam, which has called for more money from rich countries to help the war-torn country.The UK is the most generous donor, giving more than four-and-a-half times its fair share of what it should, the charity says.
The Revenant was the big winner at the Golden Globes, picking up two prizes in the film and TV categories, while Steve Jobs was the only film to pick up two honours in the TV categories - in a night dominated by the Oscar-nominated film.
Atletico Madrid boss Diego Simeone has a reputation as a man who is a bit of a "scumbag" when it comes to winning trophies and accolades, who has never been able to master the art of "winning at all costs" and who, in the eyes of many football fans, is a little bit like "Accrington Stanley".
A dog has become one of the airline EasyJet's most-cited passengers after making 35 flights with the airline in less than a year, it has been revealed to the airline's director of travel.Â£5,000 worth of dog biscuits have been donated to the cause by the owner.
Hawaii has filed a new legal challenge to President Donald Trump's new immigration executive order, calling it "unlawful" and "unfair" to the state's residents and businesses and a "lawless warren of exceptions and waivers" for the US government.
As the UK votes to leave the European Union, Reality Check answers some of the questions you have sent in about the process of leaving the EU, and what might happen next for the UK's relationship with the EU after the vote? Read on below, or follow us on Twitter @Reality Check.
Staff at Swansea University's School of Management have claimed they were subjected to a culture of bullying and harassment at the hands of two senior management team members, BBC Wales has learned from a staff member who worked there for a number of years. Both men have been accused of harassment.
Wasps flanker Nick Hughes has been named in the England Under-20s squad for a pre-season training camp ahead of the autumn internationals in November, but there are four uncapped players in the 45-man squad for the tour of New Zealand.
Derbyshire have signed Nottinghamshire fast bowler Tom Cotton on loan until the end of the season and replaced James Taylor, who has been ruled out for the rest of the campaign with a hamstring injury.Â£10,000 has been paid to both Taylor and Cotton by Derbyshire for their services.
Hundreds of people have attended candlelit vigils in memory of murdered South African woman Serenity Dewani, whose body was found in the boot of a car she was travelling in in South Africa last year.The family of her husband Shrien Dewani have said they are seeking "some form of closure" for her.
A copy of the 1916 Easter Rising's Proclamation of Independence has been sold at auction in Dublin for Â£3,000.00.Â£1,000 was the highest price for a single item sold at an auction in the Republic of Ireland last month.
The UK's biggest payday lender has agreed to pay out £700,000 in compensation to 68,000 customers who may have suffered due to its lending practices and debt collection practices, the City regulator has said in a regulator's ruling.The company has said it is writing off £220m of debts for 330,000.
Singer Patti Mitchell is making "remarkable progress" in her recovery from a brain aneurysm, her friend and fellow musician Lily Collins has said."It does take a long time, three years for a friend to fully recover professionally and personally," the singer has said in a statement.
Drivers in Edinburgh are to be charged 20mph (32km/h) for the first time as part of a scheme to introduce a network of 20mph speed limits across the city centre and in the north of the city's north-east area by the end of 2017.
The number of patients who failed to turn up for hospital appointments in Scotland more than doubled in the last year, according to Scottish government figures obtained by the Scottish Conservatives and the party's Holyrood election campaign group, the Scottish Tories have said in a new report.
Nine women have now been named as the UK's top female chief executives, but only one of them is a woman - Virgin Atlantic's Carolyn McCall McCall, who has been in charge of the airline for the past five years and is the first woman to be named as chief executive.
Roads around the site of the Balmoral Show in County Antrim will not be the same in 12 months' time, according to the man in charge of managing the event's road infrastructure in the area.Â£1.5m has been earmarked to build two new links into the motorway network.
The Australian government has agreed to pay A$70m ($50m; Â£34m) to settle a case brought by more than 1,000 asylum seekers who say it mistreated them at a detention centre on the Pacific island of Nauru.
A council has been ordered to pay a sex abuser £100,000 in damages for allowing him to retire with a full pension despite widespread knowledge of his abuse of colleagues and students, the BBC has learned in a court case in South Yorkshire on Wednesday.Â£1m is to be paid to a victim of the abuse.
Plans have been unveiled for the tallest building in the Solent to be built on the site of a former nuclear power station in Southampton, which has been empty for more than a quarter of a century, it has been claimed, to house a luxury hotel and marina complex.
Commonwealth super-lightweight champion Liam Taylor says he has learned to deal with the "nasty" cuts he sustained in his first-round stoppage of France's Eric Joubert in Glasgow on Saturday."I'm happy where I am just now, maybe another defence of the title, maybe even knock on the door of the European title."
A Grade II-listed cinema in Lancashire is to be auctioned off after it was declared a "national monument" following a legal dispute over the ownership of the building, it has been confirmed to the BBC.Campaigners have said they are "surprised and disappointed" by the decision.
Pope Francis has announced that all priests in the Catholic Church in the US and Canada will be allowed to absolve abortion without seeking the approval of a bishop, ending a decades-long ban on the practice.In a surprise move, the pontiff has said he will allow priests in England and Wales to forgive abortions.
An Indian couple who claimed to have climbed Mount Everest last year have been suspended from mountaineering for two years by police in the western state of Maharashtra, who say they faked photos to make their claim.Nepal's tourism department has revoked their ascent of the mountain.
Manchester City missed the chance to go top of the Premier League as they were held to a draw by Burnley at Turf Moor, who came from 2-0 down to claim a dramatic late equaliser at Etihad Stadium on the final day of the season.
An 80-year-old woman has died and another man has been seriously injured in a fire at a house in the Kilmarnock area of Glasgow.Police have said they are treating the death of a woman in a house fire as a murder investigation.
Starbucks, the world's biggest coffee chain, has reported a sharp rise in profits for the fourth quarter of its financial year, helped by a strong performance in China and the Americas, but sales at existing stores fell in other regions of the world, including Europe and the Middle East.
Former Red Bull driver Mark Webber says he is "very confident" he can close the gap on his Porsche team-mates and win the world title in his first year back in motorsport after a 12-year absence from Formula 1."I don't want any what ifs, any 'woulda, coulda, shoulda's," he says.
Nicola Sturgeon has said she is "angry" at the UK government's "walk-on-by attitude" to the refugee crisis, following the drowning of a Syrian boy on a Turkish beach last night.The Scottish government will offer sanctuary to refugees, she has pledged.
Plans for a new £10m palliative care unit at Royal Glamorgan Hospital have been submitted to the Welsh government for £5.5m funding to help patients with terminal illness and their families cope with life-limiting conditions in south Wales.
Brighton moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win over Bristol City at the Seagulls' Amex Stadium on a night when all four of the bottom three sides lost.Â£12m Bristol City remain without a win in the Championship this season.
Hospitals in north Wales have been told to expect a "very busy" end to the week with A&E waiting times expected to be "unprecedented", the health board has warned patients to expect longer waits in accident and emergency departments and on wards.
Barclays has agreed to pay US authorities $100m (£65m) to settle claims it rigged the Libor interest rate, the New York attorney-general has said, the latest in a series of settlements in the scandal that has rocked the financial industry.
Two young Irish rugby players who were banned from playing the sport because of poor eyesight have been given a lifeline after the sport's governing body reversed its decision to allow them to take part in a trial of goggles for players with sight problems to protect their eyesight.
The 2017 European Champions Cup final will be held in Edinburgh, it has been announced, with Scottish Rugby describing it as a "real endorsement" of the city's bid to host the event.France will host the tournament in 2016 and 2017, European governing body European Rugby has confirmed.
Crewe Alexandra manager Steve Davis says the club's under-21 squad is "very healthy" as they prepare for the Championship play-off final against QPR on Saturday."Experienced players are more or less a "no, no" for the club, particularly names that people know."
Exeter Chiefs will play Premiership champions Saracens in the final of the Anglo-Welsh Cup next Saturday after a last-gasp try gave them a dramatic victory at Sandy Park.Â£3m-rated Exeter will face Wasps or Leicester Tigers in next week's final.
Google is being asked to check its users are not "robots" after NHS staff were directed to a security check-up when using the search engine, it has been claimed by the organisation.Google has said it is working with the NHS to resolve the issue.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers in extra time to win the Club World Cup in Yokohama for the third time in four years and end a remarkable year for Zinedine Zidane's side.
The father of missing airman Corrie Mckeague has said it is "heartbreaking" to think his son could be "under foot" at a rubbish tip where police have been searching for him for more than a week and is still not found alive.
The cost of providing free childcare for working parents in Wales could reach £200m a year, according to a leading economist who has worked with the Welsh Government on the policy.The cost could be "considerably higher" if more parents take up work, she has warned.
US First Lady Michelle Obama is to appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke show alongside her husband Barack Obama in a special episode of The Late Late Show, it has been announced on the BBC One show's YouTube channel, which will air in the US.
An exhibition celebrating the 200 years since the publication of Jane Austen's Pride and Prejudice opens this week, featuring letters written by the author and original costumes worn in the TV adaptation of the novel by Colin Firth and costumes worn by the cast of the 1995 film.
Wigan Warriors coach Tony Clubb and captain Kevin Sinfielder Liam Smith says his side's Super League win over Warrington Wolves will give them confidence ahead of the Grand Final at Old Trafford next month."We want to win" next week, says the Warriors head coach after his side beat Catalans.
England's Chris Woakes, Ben Duckett and James Roland-Jones have been named Wisden Cricketers' Almanack cricketers of the year, while Middlesex all-rounder James Anderson Rolfes-Roland-Jones has been named as the world's leading cricketer.
Five children have been taken to hospital after a crash between a car and a lorry on a North Yorkshire dual carriageway in which five people were injured.Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward following the incident.Â£10,000 of damage has been caused to a car.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a 60-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in County Bangor, Gwynedd, police have said in a statement to the procurator fiscal (PCC).Â£10,000 of public money has been released.
Tom Draper scored a hat-trick as Scottish League Two leaders Forfar Athletic came from behind to beat Torquay United in the first round of the League Cup.Â£1m Welsh Premier League side The New Saints were knocked out in the quarter-finals.
First Minister Carwyn Jones has said "tough decisions" will have to be made in the first year of Labour's new Welsh Government, as the party launched its manifesto for May's assembly election with a pledge to cut £1bn from the Welsh Government's budget.
A former youth football coach has been arrested as part of an investigation into historical child sex abuse allegations, police have said in a statement to BBC Radio Cambridgeshire and BBC Radio Norfolk's Today programme on Thursday.Â£20,000 has been seized by police.
A host of well-known Scots are to be recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for their achievements in the arts, music and charity work, as well as their work in the world of sport and charity fundraising, it has been announced on Thursday.
The number of nursing homes closing in England has fallen to its lowest level since records began, the care regulator has said, partly due to a shortage of nurses to staff them and a fall in the number of beds.Â£1.5bn has been spent on care homes in the past five years.
A woman in the US state of New York has been cleared of drink-driving after a doctor diagnosed her with a digestive condition that can cause her blood alcohol content to spike, according to her lawyer, local media reports say, citing a court case in which she was acquitted.
Scientists have identified a gene in the human genome that appears to have been responsible for the expansion of the human brain in the early billions of years after our ancestors arrived on the planet, according to a study published in the journal Science Advances in a US journal.
Tottenham have broken their transfer record to sign Spain striker Roberto Soldado from Valencia for a fee thought to be around £25m, subject to a work permit and a work-place medical, reports BBC Radio Solent and BBC Radio Lancashire Sport.
A hospital has banned a takeaway pizza shop from delivering food to one of its facilities after staff discovered the word "mental health" was written on the packaging.Â£1,000 was paid for a pizza, the trust running the unit has said in a letter to staff.
An extra £4.2m is to be made available to help repair flood damage caused by the winter's extreme weather, the Welsh government has announced in the Budget.Â£3.8m will be spent on flood defences in north and mid Wales, it has announced.
The BBC Women's Footballer of the Year shortlist has been announced ahead of the Women's World Cup in Canada in June, with five players in the running for the prestigious award in May 2015 for the best player in the world of women's football, the first time it has been handed to a female player.
Huddersfield Giants secured their place in the Super League's top eight with a hard-fought victory over Leigh Centurions at the John Smith's Stadium, who remain bottom of the table after losing at home to Warrington on Friday night in Super 8s action.
Rock legends U2 have returned to Dublin for an "epic night of rock 'n' roll" at a sold-out gig in the Republic of Ireland's biggest sporting venue, in what Bono called "one of the most epic nights in the history of rock'.
Wales began their 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign with a convincing victory over Moldova in Cardiff City Stadium, their biggest in a competitive game for more than a decade."Great start" says ex-Wales striker John Hartson after the 4-0 thrashing of Moldova.
The Met Office has issued an amber weather warning for rain for much of Northern Ireland, with the risk of flooding and landslides in the east of the county.Drivers are being advised to take care on the roads as heavy rain is forecast to hit the region.
Police in Iran have arrested several people in connection with a video of a group of young Iranians dancing to Pharrell Williams' hit song Happy, state media report.Iranian police say they have detained 13 people over the clip, which has gone viral on social media.
The body of a Polish woman whose remains were found under rubble in the garden of her ex-husband's house was "chopped up" by a third party, a court has heard, as two brothers went on trial accused of perverting the course of justice.
The government has lost a legal challenge to its plan to tackle air pollution in England and Wales, which it says will prevent tens of thousands of early deaths a year in the UK and the rest of the European Union from harmful levels of pollution by 2020 and beyond.
The BBC Proms finale at London's O2 Arena on Sunday night was the first to be conducted by a female conductor, and the first in the history of the event to feature pink balloons tied around the hall for the benefit of a female guest conductor - and it was led by American music director Patti Alsop.
A court in Afghanistan has sentenced a man to death for the rape and murder of his daughter after DNA evidence was used to prove he fathered her - the first such case of its kind in the country, the BBC's M Ilyas Khan reports from the city of Jalalabad.
An RAF pilot has been found guilty of causing a jet to nosedive while using his camera to take pictures of the night sky.The incident led to dozens of service personnel being stranded in Afghanistan, a court martial has heard, after the aircraft's crew thought they would die.
The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has been using encrypted messaging app Telegram to spread its propaganda, despite being banned from Twitter for more than two years, the BBC's Monitoring service has found.The group has recently launched its own propaganda channel via the popular app.
Iraq's parliament has approved a major reform package aimed at overhauling the way the country is governed and tackling widespread corruption, officials say, after weeks of protests over the poor state of the country's power and water supplies, and a lack of investment in infrastructure.
Tanzania beat Kenya 2-1 to win the Women's Under-20 Africa Cup of Nations for the first time in the country's history, beating the hosts 2-0 in the final in Dar es Salaam on Tuesday night in front of a sell-out crowd.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning won Great Britain's second gold medal of the Rio Olympics as they retained the women's pair title in the Olympic rowing with victory in the final race of the men's double sculls on Friday night at the Maracana Stadium.
Plans to build a footbridge across the River Thames in London have been approved by two councils, but there are still some people who don't think it's good enough for the city's riverside area, where it would cross the Thames and the river Thames.
Hull City's failure to score a Premier League goal this season is a result of a lack of time and money being spent by the club, according to head coach Steve Davies, who has criticised the club's "last minute" transfer window signings in the build-up.
Each day we feature a photograph sent in from across England - the gallery will grow during the week - and at no time should you endanger yourself or others, take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws while collecting any kind of media. Please note that the BBC cannot guarantee that all pictures will be used.
A group of Irish citizens has voted in favour of legalising abortion on grounds of rape and fatal foetal abnormality, in the first of a series of controversial votes by the Citizens' Assembly on the issue of abortion in the Republic of Ireland on Sunday.
Munster have been cleared of wrongdoing by the European Rugby Concussion Review Group (EPCR) for allowing Conor Murray to play on after a head injury in the defeat by Glasgow Warriors earlier this month, despite being concussed in the match in January.
Iraqi security forces have clashed with protesters in the Green Zone in the capital, Baghdad, leaving at least four people dead, officials and medics have said, as funerals for some of the dead protesters were held in the city's main square and on the streets.
A woman with learning disabilities is to be sterilised after the Court of Protection ruled she should not be allowed to give birth to more than one more child because of "considerable concerns" about her safety and her health and privacy.The judge in charge of her case has said it was "truly draconian" to strip her of the right to have a termination.
Plans to restore a 19th Century stately home which was destroyed by fire have been shortlisted by the National Trust for a new design competition to find a team to lead the restoration of the Grade II-listed building, the trust has said, with the winning team to be announced in autumn.
Britain's Chris Froome finished third in the second stage of the Criterium du Dauphine as he extended his lead at the top of the leader's standings at the summit of the mountain bike race in the French Alps to 13 seconds on Tuesday.
Firefighters have been tackling a huge blaze at a market in the East Sussex town of Great Yarmouth, which broke out in the early hours of Saturday morning, causing extensive damage to a number of shops and a number more than 100 cars.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused.
Four men from the North East Counter Terrorism Unit have been arrested in the UK as part of an investigation into a suspected "jihadist network" in Italy and Norway, the force has said in a statement to BBC News NI's Victoria Derbyshire news website.
The Kingdom of Jordan is the largest country in the Middle East and one of the most important monarchies in the region, with a population of more than 6.5 million people living in and around the country's capital, Amman, and the capital city of Amman.
The UN humanitarian aid chief has warned that the rebel-held eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk has ordered UN agencies and non-governmental organisations to leave the area.The UN has suspended all its operations in the area, the UN's humanitarian chief has said.
India will take part in this summer's Champions Trophy in England and Wales despite losing a legal battle with the world governing body over a revised revenue-sharing deal.A meeting to select a team for the tournament will now take place in May, the country's cricket board says.
Lord Rooker, the former Lord Chief Justice of the High Court, has called on the government to reintroduce flood forests to the UK's upland areas to reduce the risk of flooding in the coming years and to make them more resilient to future storms.
An Indian tribe in the US state of South Dakota has burned down its entire crop of marijuana plants in a dispute with the federal government over the sale of the drug, officials have said, in a bid to avoid a possible federal raid on the tribe's plans for a marijuana lounge.
Conservative Ben Houchen has been elected Tees Valley mayor in a run-off vote in what the party said was a "political earthquake" for the party in the North East of England and a "tipping point" for them in the general election campaign.
The Russian Orthodox Church says it has found no trace of holy myrrh on a bronze bust of the late tsar, despite a claim by the country's chief prosecutor that it contained the spirit of the dead tsar himself, who was murdered 100 years ago.
US President Donald Trump has nominated Neil Gorsuch to be the next Supreme Court justice, a move that could set up a bitter confirmation battle with Democratic opposition over his nominee's suitability to serve on the nation's highest court, the highest in the highest court in the land.
Iranian-born Iranian-born Nafisa Howe was 13 years old when she first applied for a job in Hollywood as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg - but it would be nearly 50 years before she found her "safe space" in the world of computer coding.
Photographs of a railway station which closed more than 50 years ago have gone on display to mark the 50th anniversary of its closure to train services in the city where it was built and was the first in the UK to be named after Queen Victoria, as part of an exhibition.
Markets in Asia were mostly lower on Monday after a closely watched survey indicated that manufacturing activity in China contracted for the first time in three months in October, adding to concerns over the health of the world's second-largest economy, China's biggest economy, and the US economy.
A gang armed with axes, a hammer, an axe and a machete have been arrested after a raid on a jewellers in central London, the Met Police has said, which led to the closure of one of the city's busiest roads for six hours.
Bayer Leverkusen boss Gerhard Schmidt has been banned for two games after being found guilty of violent conduct following his red card in the German Cup defeat by Hoffenheim, reports BBC Radio Solent.com's Martin Keuchner.com.com live.
A wave of anti-immigrant sentiment has swept across Europe, with the far-right Freedom Party topping Austria's presidential election and the Eurosceptic Finns Party making gains in Denmark, Finland, Denmark and Finland.Here are some of the key players in this year's political landscape.
The Green Party has made its first gains in Orkney and Shetland in the local council elections, winning three seats in the island's first council by-elections since the Scottish independence referendum in 1999.The SNP has retained control of the islands' councils.
A 25-year-old motorcyclist has died following a collision with a car and a car carrying three other vehicles in Glasgow's west end, Police Scotland have said in a press release on its Facebook page on the death of Damian Piotrowski, who was from Poland.
It's been an extraordinary day in the history of British politics, and not just in terms of the outcome of the EU referendum, but also in the way that politics has been turned upside down by one decision in a referendum that could change the course of our country forever.
A postcard sent to the wrong address 29 years ago has been found in a box of postcards left in the postbox of a Swansea man who has never heard of the woman it was intended for, the Post Office has said, but has no idea who it is intended for.
Prince Charles has paid tribute to those who died in World War One, during a visit to a remote rural community in the Highlands, where many of the "lost in battle" were from the north west of Scotland, BBC Scotland has learned from BBC Scotland.Â£10,000 of public funds has been raised for the project.
Newport Gwent Dragons have signed former Australia international prop Willie Mason on a two-year deal from French club Toulon for the start of the 2016 season, with the option of a further 12 months, with an option for a 12-month stay if he impresses.
Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer has agreed to buy a US company that makes a cream for eczema, in a deal that values the company at $3.5bn (£2.4bn) and values its shares at more than $100 a share.
A Canadian hostage held hostage by Islamist militants in the Philippines has been killed, the country's prime minister has said, hours after a deadline for a ransom was set for his release passed without any sign of a deal to secure his safe release, local media reports say.
Madonna has posted a video on Snapchat to promote her new album, In The Lonely Hearts & Thongs, which is due to be released in the UK later this month, ahead of the Grammys and the Brit Awards later this year and ahead of her Grammys appearance in February.
South Africa's governing African National Congress (ANC) party has condemned a cartoon depicting President Jacob Zuma as a "womaniser" and a " philanderer" as "unacceptable and shocking" by a cartoonist who has previously sued the president for defaming him.
Cornwall has voted to leave the European Union, despite receiving more than £400m of EU funding over the past 15 years, the BBC has learned after the referendum result in the South West and the Isles of Scilly voted to remain in the EU.Business leaders have said they are "delighted" the county will no longer qualify for special funding.
An elderly man has been robbed at knifepoint in his home in Glasgow in what police have described as a "cowardly" and "frightening" robbery attempt by two masked men who forced their way into his home and made off with a large sum of money.
It's been a night to remember for the Scottish Conservatives in Scotland - and it's been quite a night for the Conservatives in the UK general election campaign, as they have made big gains in almost every single constituency they've been in since the 2015 general election - but what does that mean for the rest of the country?
China's Ding Junhui fought back from 4-1 down to beat Portugal's Joao Figueiredo 6-5 and reach the second round of the UK Championship at the Crucible Theatre in Sheffield on Tuesday.Barry Hawkins is the only player in action on day one after a 6-2 win over Mark Selby.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has been criticised for poor communication with victims of crime in England and Wales, in a report by the public spending watchdog, the Inspectorate of Public Prosecutions (Inspectorate of the CPS) has said.
World number one Angelique Kerber is out of the Miami Open after losing 6-4 6-2 to Zheng Saisai Zheng in the second round, losing her first Grand Slam match since the Australian Open in Melbourne in January.Â£1.3m ($1.4m) prize money is on offer to the winner of the final.
A memorial service has been held to mark the 75th anniversary of the Battle of the Somme on the Isle of Wight, 75 years after a Royal Navy squadron was shot down in the skies above Manston, Dorset, during World War Two, killing all but five men on board.
The Cassini spacecraft has just flown past Saturn for the first time, and it's got some pretty exciting news for space-gazers!It's the first confirmed moon of a planet other than Earth to be studied by the Cassini space telescope. And it could hold the key to finding life.
Hundreds of people have attended a "patrons lunch" in the centre of Belfast city centre to celebrate the Queen's 90th birthday on Saturday afternoon and to raise money for charity and community projects.Â£10,000 has been raised for the Royal Family and charities.
Actress Angharad Rees has died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer, her family has said in a statement released to the BBC Wales news website on Monday.Â£1.5m-worth of jewellery designer and actress Elizabethan-born Rees founded her own jewellery design company.
A teacher has been charged with making a hoax bomb threat to a school after a pupil was caught with a pipe bomb-making kit in her car boot, police have said, and has been sacked from her job.She has been remanded in custody after appearing in court.
Macclesfield Town have signed striker Luke Marsh on a two-year deal after he rejected a new contract with National League rivals Dover Athletic, with the option of a further 12 months at the National League club if he is released by the end of the season.
The Premier League season has been the most exciting to watch in years - and I have picked my team of the season, with Chelsea, Manchester City, Arsenal and Manchester United all making my top 10 of the best players of the campaign. Here are the players, managers and managers of the 2015-16 campaign.
Seven people have been killed in a balcony collapse at a house party in the United States, the authorities in San Francisco have confirmed to the Irish Foreign Affairs Minister Charlie Flanagan and the Irish Consul General in the city Philip Grant, who will lay a wreath at the scene.
A US college entrance exam for international students in South Korea and Hong Kong has been cancelled after cheating was found in the test, officials said on Saturday.Â£1m worth of test materials have been "compromised" in a test that was due to be held in Seoul.
Labour leadership contender Jeremy Corbyn has said he could bring back the old Clause IV of the party's constitution if he wins the election, if he is re-elected in May's leadership contest, the Independent on Sunday said in the IoS newspaper, which is published by the Labour Party.
Swansea City are starting to return to the "old Swansea" after a poor start to the season, says on-loan midfielder Gylfi Sigurdsson, who believes the club are playing much better than they were in the January transfer window.
Three Welsh police forces have been rated "inadequate" in a review of how they tackle domestic abuse and child sexual exploitation, the police watchdog has said, with Gwent Police the only one rated as "good" in the three-year review.Â£1.5m of improvements are needed.
Britain's Paul Smith has been stripped of his WBA super-middleweight title for the third time in four years after losing on points to Germany's Artur Zeuge in the final round of his title defence at the WBC Arena in Wetzlar.
Oscar-winning actor Jim Broadbent is to play one of the men who led the Great Train Robbery in a BBC One drama about the notorious 1967 heist, it has been announced, to be shown on BBC One's Crimewatch next year.
The US has said it will not drop charges against India's consul-general in the US, despite India's anger over her treatment at the hands of the authorities in the country's top diplomat, Shalabh Khobragade, who was strip-searched last week.
England's Under-20 team have won the Fifa World Cup for the first time in their history, beating Argentina 1-0 in the final in Russia.So what does it mean for the future of football in the country and could this be the start of the next generation of stars?
A United Arab Emirates (UAE) human rights activist has won the Martin Ennals Award for outstanding contribution to human rights at the United Nations Human Rights Council (UNHCR) in Geneva, but could not collect the prize because of a travel ban on his behalf.
Five MPs have called for more money to be spent on improving transport in the north of England, ahead of the chancellor's Autumn Statement this week, saying the region's transport system is "inadequate" and "unfairly" allocated by the government.
British number three Dan Evans is through to the second round of qualifying for the Australian Open after a hard-fought win over Spain's Juan Martin del Potro in the first round of the qualifying event at Melbourne Park in Australia.Â£1.5m is on offer for the world number 11.
Voting has begun across Merseyside in local elections being held in a bid to elect a new council, mayor and police and crime commissioner for the region.Â£1.5bn worth of local authority and mayoral elections are being held across the UK on 5 May.
The family of a seven-year-old boy who died after getting into difficulty in a river in Aberdeenshire have said they are "devastated" by their son's "tragic loss of life" and are "trying to come to terms with what happened".
A French politician has launched a petition calling for a law to ban the use of pork substitutes in school meals, after a similar campaign by the mayor of Chalon sur Saone in the south-eastern region of Dijon, which has attracted more than 70,000 signatures.
Dublin retained their All-Ireland SFC title as they beat Mayo by 0-15 to 1-9 in a thrilling final at Croke Park to win a third successive title for the second time in four years and a third in a row.Â£1.5m in prize money was awarded to the Dubs for the first time.
A second group of Syrian refugees have arrived in Londonderry as part of the UK's response to the conflict in the country's largest country, which has claimed the lives of more than a quarter of a million people since the start of the year and left their homes in Syria.
Russia has hailed a Belarus official who carried a Russian flag at the Rio Paralympics as a "hero" who showed solidarity with athletes who had been denied a place at the Games in an "inhumane way" by the country's doping authorities, Russian media report.
A drunk driver who killed a farm worker by running him over with a tractor has been jailed for more than two years and two weeks.The family of the victim have said they hope his life will "become more than one day" after he is finally brought to justice.
Former world champion David Miller has returned to British Cycling as a coach after serving a 12-month doping ban, the governing body has confirmed to BBC Radio Scotland's Victoria Derbyshire news website on Thursday.Â£10,000 prize money has been awarded to the British Cycling team for the 2016 Olympics.
Residents have said they are worried about the health of their children after a fire broke out on land where rubbish has been burning for more than a month, with concerns it could pollute the local watercourse and endanger their health and businesses.A controlled burn is taking place.
Nine men have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences, including support for banned cleric Anjem Choudary, the Metropolitan Police has said.Â£1m worth of property has been seized as part of a counter-terrorism operation.ÂÂ£500,000 has also been seized by officers.
A new attempt to use light waves to transmit data has sparked a fierce debate in a leading physics journal about the feasibility of the idea, and whether it is worth a Nobel prize for physics or just a pipedream for engineering or engineering talent, depending on which side you come from.
The death of Charlotte Bevan, who took her own life after the birth of her daughter, has highlighted the need to improve the mental health of women at risk of developing psychiatric disorders during pregnancy and after birth, says the Maternal Mental Health Alliance, a group of organisations committed to improving the health of mothers and their infants.
Worcestershire all-rounder Tim Shantry has signed a new three-year contract extension with the county until the end of the 2018 season.Â£500,000 is to be spent on his new deal at New Road.Â© BBC Sport.
Community energy projects in Wales have been hit hard by an increase in business rates, it has been claimed, with campaigners calling for more help from the Welsh Government to ease the burden on local authorities and community groups run by volunteers and community energy projects across the country.
Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder Jack Stephens has had his appeal against a three-match ban rejected by the Football Association and will miss the start of the 2016-17 Championship season as he appeals against the red card he received in the play-off quarter-final.
French centre-right presidential candidate Francois Fillon is to give a major speech on Monday, amid growing pressure to quit the race amid a corruption scandal that has damaged his campaign.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in campaign funds.
More than two-thirds of UK workers have been off sick at work when they should have been, according to a survey of more than 2,000 people by one of the UK's biggest employers, an insurer has suggested in a new report on working lives.
Residents of a Sheffield tower block have said they feel "betrayed" after cladding on the building failed fire safety tests, despite it being ordered by the council to be made of the same material used in the Grenfell Tower blaze in London last month.
An Australian doctor accused of using a false identity to work in public hospitals is likely to have fled the country, a health minister has said, amid a probe into his alleged role in a patient's care.Â£18,600 fine and citizenship proceedings are under way against him.
US President Barack Obama has defended his relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, after he rejected his counterpart's claim that a Palestinian state would "never" be created in his time in office, saying he "took him at his word" on the issue.
A woman has been found guilty of raping a teenage girl who she met through a dating app, leaving her with "significant grounds to believe she would be a risk to herself" if she was released on bail, a judge has said, as he remanded her in custody.
The government's new strategy to tackle extremism in the wake of the Paris attacks has been unveiled today - and it's a welcome step forward for the fight against the radicalisation of young Muslims in the UK - but it's also a step back for the government's attempts to tackle the root causes of the problem.
Former Ulster Unionist leader, Lord Alderdice, David Trimble, has told the House of Lords that he is concerned that Theresa May is looking at the issue of the Irish border with the "approach of the Home Office" while she is prime minister.
Boris Johnson is to set out his vision for the future of higher education in his first major speech as mayor of London, in a speech to university leaders on Thursday night at the University of Bath, where he is due to give his first speech as UK foreign secretary.
A fossilised skeleton of one of the world's largest dinosaurs has been sold at auction in the US - despite protests from Mongolia's president.Â£1m (1.5m) was paid for it, US media report.Â© Heritage Auctions/APTV
Wycombe goalkeeper Jack Blackman saved a late penalty as the League Two side were held to a goalless draw at home by Blackpool in the EFL Cup first-round replay at the Adams Park Stadium on Saturday.Â£10,000-rated Wycombe's win over the Seasiders was their third in a row.
The number of people waiting to see a mental health specialist in Wales has more than doubled in the past six years, according to NHS Wales' latest waiting times figures for 2017-18.Charity Mind Cymru has said it is "deeply concerned" by the rise in waiting times.
A defibrillator has been stolen from a village hall in the latest of a series of thefts from community centres across the West of England, the fire service has said in a bid to track down the culprits who made off with the device last year.
More than a third of drivers have hit a pothole in the past two years, according to a survey by the AA, which has urged councils in England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland to "get to grips" with road maintenance.The UK government has been accused of failing to keep pace with local authorities.
A 20mph speed limit introduced in Manchester has failed to reduce road accidents as quickly as first hoped, a council has said, as it agreed to review road safety measures in the city.Â£687,000 is to be spent on a road safety review.
St Johnstone midfielder Scott Craig Craig has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club, keeping him at McDiarmid Parkhead until the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m is the sixth player to commit his future to the club this summer.
Labour can beat the Conservatives "by itself" in the next general election, Welsh Labour MP Jo Stevens has said, rejecting a claim that the party would struggle to win a majority at Westminster without support from other parties in the event of a hung parliament in 2020.
A reward has been offered for information after a greyhound's ear was cut off when its body was found dumped behind a water tank in Lancashire on Christmas Eve, animal rights campaigners have said, in what they believe was a case of "catastrophic mutilation".
The trial of a German neo-Nazi accused of masterminding a wave of ethnic killings in the 1970s and 80s has begun in Munich, in a case that has sparked a bitter row over the police's handling of the investigation into the killings.The judge has opened the trial of the alleged ringleader.
US TV network Univision has said it will not air a beauty pageant owned by Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump because of his remarks about Mexican immigrants and the US-Mexico border.Â£2.5m (Â£1.8m) settlement with Trump's company.
Tom Hiddleston has apologised for his "nervous" acceptance speech at the Golden Globe Awards, in which he referred to aid workers who had "binge-watched" one of his BBC drama's episodes while making the award-winning film.
A £200m shopping and entertainment complex in Newport city centre has opened its doors to the public after years of delays and uncertainty.Â£100m of public money was used to ensure it was built on time and will make a profit, the city council leader has said.
The head of India's central bank has said it is "quite legitimate" for central banks to say they may not have the power to do everything they are asked of them to do, because of the "immense burden" of stimulus from the US and other central banks.
Politicians have been talking a lot about tax avoidance and evasion in the run-up to the general election, and how much money they will be able to save if they win power in May's general election on 8 June, and what they will do about it if they do.
Rescue workers in Italy are continuing to search for survivors of Wednesday's earthquake in central Italy, which killed hundreds of people and left many more missing and injured hundreds of others in hospitals and hotels across the country.The government has announced a series of measures to help rebuild the country's devastated areas.
The names of the victims of the Shoreham air disaster will be read out at a special service to mark the first anniversary of the tragedy, it has been announced.Â£10,000 will be raised for the families of those who lost their lives in the crash.
A row has broken out between the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner over plans to move the office of the force's crime commissioner to a new £500,000-a-year headquarters.The pair argued over the cost of the move, the BBC has learned.
The Australian government has announced a $1.2bn (Â£1.1bn) drought assistance package for farmers hit by the country's worst dry weather in decades, in response to a call from the farmers' federation for more help.Â£500m will be made available to help farmers in drought-stricken Queensland state.
A grand jury in the US state of Texas has decided not to charge anyone in connection with the death of Sandra Bland, who was found hanged in her jail cell in July, police say.Â£1m (Â£700,000) in bail has been set for her family.
Crewe Alexandra have signed former Scunthorpe United States international midfielder Chris Nolan on a two-year deal.Â£300,000 has been paid to the player by the League Two club.Â€‚¬1,000 compensation package for his release.
China's Ding Junhui reached the semi-finals of the China Open with a comfortable 4-0 win over South Africa's Mark Allen in the quarter-finals in Guangzhou, Guangdong province on Wednesday.Â£1.5m-rated Ding Junbao is the only player to reach the last eight at the event for the first time.
Sussex director of cricket Steve Benkenstein says batsman Colin Berg could be out for the rest of the season with a hamstring injury suffered in a T20 Blast match in May."I never like operations," says the former England batsman who played for the county in 2012.
The partner of a man who died in a crash in Aberdeenshire has told a court she felt like she was "in a washing machine" when she realised she had been involved in a collision with a lorry in which her partner was also in the car.
Mae penodiad yn dilyn ymddeoliad wedi ei bod yn edrych ymlaen at "ymuno â phobl Tyddewi" yn Sir Gâr ac yn 2013, yn ôl archesgob Cymru.
Hartlepool United manager Kevin Cox has left the club by mutual consent to take over as manager of Barrow on a two-year deal, with the option of a further year, reports BBC Radio Cumbria Sport on Friday night (19:00 BST).
Cadbury's decision to ditch the Fairtrade mark on all of its chocolate products has sparked a debate about the future of ethical trade, and whether other big food firms will follow suit, writes the BBC's Mark Lowen in the UK and the BBC World News website.
Nigerian author Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie has won the 2013 National Critics Book Prize for her novel Purple Hibiscus, the first time a debut writer has won all three awards.Â£10,000 (£6,000) has been awarded to the author for her work in the US.
A Dundee United fan has been fined after a Rangers fan was struck by a pitch invader during the Scottish Premiership match at Pittodrie earlier this month, a court has heard in Aberdeen.A court has refused a Crown motion for a football banning order against the man.
The US says it is in close contact with the threat level as preparations for the Super Bowl get under way in San Francisco on Sunday, amid heightened security for the game in the US city, which will be held on the same day as the Super Rugby World Cup final.
Fabrice Muamba was "in effect dead" when he collapsed during Bolton Wanderers' 2-1 defeat by Tottenham, according to the club's former first-team doctor Dr David Tobin, who treated the midfielder after his cardiac arrest at White Hart Lane on Saturday.
A man has died in hospital after being found with serious head injuries at a flat in Galloway, police have said.The death is being treated as "unexplained", the procurator fiscal has been informed by the Scottish Police Service of Scotland (SPC).
Nico Rosberg set the pace at the second pre-season test for Mercedes as the Mercedes driver said it is "very close" to Ferrari and another team in the battle for the world title in the first race of the season in Australia next month in March.
Hans Ulrich Obrist has been named the most influential figure in contemporary art, according to a leading art critic's annual list of the world's most influential artists and curators of the past 12 months, for the second year in a row, and the first time in three years.
Oil giant Shell has apologised after a cardboard cutout of a woman wearing a headscarf was used in a series of adverts in Malaysia's oil and gas sector, sparking a backlash against the company and its Malaysian employees for their "distasteful" behaviour.
Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd ysgolion yng Nghaerdydd, yn ôl i'r drefn o gategoreiddio yn helpu i ddod o hyd i'u hyd i ddefnyddio yng Ngwynedd.
When Prof David Benton first started working in the food industry 50 years ago, he had no idea that today he would become one of the world's leading experts on food security and food policy, and would go on to play a central role in helping to shape the way we eat.
Worcestershire's hopes of avoiding relegation from Division Two suffered a setback on day three against Kent at Canterbury as they lost six wickets on the final day to leave the visitors on the verge of a defeat at the County Ground, despite a spirited fightback by the visitors.
North Korea has said it has successfully tested a ballistic missile from a submarine, state media say, in what would be a major step towards developing a nuclear-capable missile capable of striking targets in the US mainland and South Korea, and the US says it is "outraged".
The Information Commissioner's Office has warned that fraudsters are targeting pension savers with unsolicited calls and texts offering investment opportunities, such as free pension reviews and early access to their savings, without asking for them to be taken out of their bank accounts or transfer them to another company.
Two brothers who were cleared of all charges linked to the murder of Tommy English should be brought back to court for breaching their assisting offender agreements, a High Court judge has been told on the eve of a hearing in a bid to overturn a decision not to refer them back to a judge.
Trading standards officers have issued a warning about the sale of contact lenses made to look like vampire and vampire-inspired films and TV shows, saying they could put young people at risk of eye disease and infections.Â£1,000 fines have been issued to people who bought them without a doctor's supervision.
A Byron restaurant worker who was deported from the UK after being caught using false documents to get a job has said he is "saddened" by the way he was treated by the Home Office and the way his employer handled the situation in the country's largest restaurant chain.
National League side Eastleigh have signed midfielder Luke Cole from fellow strugglers Staines Town for an undisclosed fee, subject to a work permit and a work-place report to the Football Association, reports BBC Radio Kent and BBC Radio Solent on Friday.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid for the loss of the player.
Game of Thrones actress Gwendoline Christie is to join the cast of BBC crime drama Top of the Lake: China Girl, it has been announced.The actress has said she is "thrilled" to be involved in the next instalment of the award-winning drama.
First Derivatives, the Newry-based financial technology firm, has reported a pre-tax profit of £13.5m for the first half of the financial year to the end of March. That compares with a loss of £3.6m in the same period last year.
A serial burglar who carried out a string of break-ins in Manchester has been banned from entering alleyways behind his own home and other areas of the city for the rest of his life, a judge has ruled in the city's first "criminal behaviour ban" order.
The Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny is due to meet UK Prime Minister David Cameron in Downing Street later to discuss the UK's EU membership referendum, which will have a "direct and significant impact" on the Republic of Ireland and the Irish people, it has been claimed.
The Scottish government has ordered a "strategic review" of undercover policing in Scotland, after the UK government refused to extend a probe into allegations of misconduct by undercover officers in England and Wales north of the border to Scotland, it has been announced in the Queen's Speech.
Lazio have been banned from playing their next two Europa League matches behind closed doors for two weeks and fined 40,000 euros (£34,475) by Uefa for their fans' racist chanting during a match against Borussia Monchengladbach.
Apple has welcomed a US judge's decision not to force the company to help the FBI access data on an iPhone used in a deadly San Bernardino shooting, saying it gives the company "momentum" in its fight against the US government's demand to help unlock the device.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has cancelled a rally in Chicago after violent clashes between his supporters and protesters, his campaign has said, hours after the event was due to start in the city's Sears Center auditorium on Friday night, forcing it to be postponed until another date.
Ospreys and Wales scrum-half Rhys Webb Williams says he is "back up and running" as he continues his comeback from injury ahead of the 2016 Six Nations campaign with the national rugby union union team and his club ahead of his return to international action.
A four-year-old girl has been airlifted to hospital after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier in the garden of a house, the ambulance service has said, adding she is in a serious but stable condition in hospital following an "incident".
Bolton Wanderers defender Dorian Dervite has signed a new two-year contract with the Championship club, keeping him at the club until the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m has been paid to the club by the end of the 2017-18 season.
A railway carriage used to transport Winston Churchill's coffin after his state funeral has been restored in Shildon, Oxfordshire, ahead of an exhibition marking its 50th anniversary this summer, it has been revealed to the public.Â£30,000 worth of restoration work has been carried out.
Hundreds of people who posed nude for an art exhibition in Hull are to go on display in the city's art gallery for the first time in more than a decade.Â£500,000 worth of body paint is to be used in the gallery's first ever exhibition.
A collection of rare recordings of Christmas and New Year's Eve celebrations have been restored and played back to the relatives of some of the great-great-great grandchildren of a family from London who recorded the sounds in the early 1900s, the Museum of London has revealed.
UKIP has complained to Kent Police over a BBC Radio 4's Have I Got News for You programme's coverage of UKIP leader Nigel Farage, saying it broke the law by airbrushing comments about the party's candidate in an election campaign piece about the politician.
Engineers have built an octopus-like robotic arm that they hope could be used in surgery.The first prototype has been unveiled, and it's a step closer to being ready for use in the operating theatre, according to the team behind it.Â£500,000 worth of coffee is helping to inspire the design.
The world's most famous steam locomotive has made its return to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway after a £4.2m refit and made its first public appearance since returning to the rail network last month.Â£1.5m of ticket sales helped fund its first day of service.
A woman has been charged after a fight broke out during a performance of Lord of the Rings: The Musical at a theatre in which a Hunger Games-themed ballet was taking place, prompting a police warning to expect more trouble to come on its return to Manchester's West End.
Three radio stations in west Wales are to move to a new base in Pembrokeshire, BBC Wales has learned, with the loss of a number of jobs.The company behind the move has said it is "committed to maintaining its status as a leading media employer" in Wales.
A judge in Argentina has ordered the authorities to seize the assets of five oil companies drilling for oil in disputed waters around the Falkland Islands, in a case that could cost the country more than $150m (Â£100m) in damages and compensation.
The Spitfire has made its final flight over Greater Manchester before being retired from the skies above the town where it was built.Â£1.5m worth of fans lined the streets to catch a glimpse of the iconic aircraft on its last flight before it is grounded.
The Energy and Climate Change Agency has published a report on the potential costs of leaving the EU, which it says could be up to £500m a year after the UK leaves the bloc.Reality Check Check has been looking at the impact of Brexit on the UK's energy system.
A new app that can identify people based on the way they look has been launched by the social network VKontakte, which is based in London.com's Canary Wharf, has been praised by the BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones for its work with the government.
Japan's Hideki Matsuyama beat Rory McIlroy by one shot to win his first PGA Tour title and move up to sixth in the world rankings after the final round of the WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai on Sunday.Â£1.3m was the prize money for the tournament.
A coastguard search for a kayaker reported to be in difficulty off the coast of County Down has been declared a hoax, the coastguard has said in a press release from the RNLI and coastguard Scotland's coastguard headquarters in Belfast.Â£20,000 worth of equipment was used in the operation.
Facebook has announced plans to let businesses and other social networks use its Messenger app to send and receive messages, answer questions and share photos and videos, among other functions.Â£1bn-worth of new features will be added to the app over the next two years.
It's that time of year again when the world's most powerful man heads to the UK for a visit to the country of his birth, but this time it won't be the Chinese president who's making the trip this time.No, no, not a Chinese president.
The US is to send special forces to Iraq and Syria to help local forces in the fight against Islamic State (IS) militants, Defence Secretary Ash Carter has told Congress, in an escalation of its military role in the conflict in Iraq and in the Middle East.
Egyptian security forces have raided the offices of several US-based non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in Cairo as part of an investigation into foreign funding, activists and officials have told the BBC and local media.The US says it is concerned by the raids.
At the back of the Natural History Museum in London, there is a small laboratory tucked away from the rest of the museum's visitor centre on the grounds of the city's museum of zoology and zoology, the world's largest collection of flies and fly-eating insects.
A woman has been airlifted to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a motorbike while riding on a beach in Pembrokeshire, the coastguard has said, adding that she is in a critical condition in hospital in Cardiff Bay.
Thousands of Little Mix fans have been left disappointed after the band cancelled a concert in Belfast because singer Jesy Nelson is "unwell" and will not be able to perform on Thursday.Â£50,000 worth of tickets have been given away free to fans who travelled to Belfast.
Work has started on a new centre to commemorate the Battle of the Somme, with the final part of the World War Two Spitfire being dug up.Â£1.5m is being spent on a memorial to mark the 75th anniversary of the battle.
Ryan Owens scored a hat-trick of tries as Widnes Vikings beat Warrington Wolves to move to within three points of the Super League play-off places and move level on points with Hull KR at the top of the table with a win at the Madejski Stadium.
South Africa is one of the world's most sought-after destinations for tourists, and it's not hard to find a good reason to head to the country for a holiday these days, thanks to a growing number of tech-led travel companies offering a wide range of unique experiences.
League Two side Leyton Orient have signed Chesterfield midfielder Yann Kermorgant for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £1.5m, with the option of a further £1m, on a three-and-a-half-year deal.
(Close): The Nasdaq index of leading US stocks ended its longest losing streak in more than a year as the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes both closed sharply lower on Friday after weaker-than-expected US manufacturing data showed the sector was "feeling the heat from the stronger dollar".
A group of Sri Lankan women are huddling together in a cell in a Saudi detention camp, waiting to hear if they will be allowed to return home.The BBC's Geeta Pandey has been speaking to some of the women who have fled abusive employers in the Middle East.
The US Supreme Court has ruled in favour of President Barack Obama's signature healthcare law, overturning a ruling that would have threatened millions of Americans' health insurance coverage, the White House has said, calling it a "victory for the people of America" and a "big day for our health".
A great-grandfather who escaped from a court 40 years ago has been sentenced to five years in prison after pleading guilty to possessing a firearm and ammunition with intent to endanger life or cause grievous bodily harm with intent, the High Court has heard on Wednesday.
Thousands of people have attended a vigil in the Egyptian capital, Cairo, to mark the death of Pope Shenouda, who led the Coptic Christian Church for more than four decades, before his funeral on Sunday, local media report, citing police and officials.
A man's body has been found in a car park in the early hours of the morning in Alfreton, Derbyshire, police have said, leading to the closure of a major road in the town for more than 12 hours.Detectives are appealing for witnesses.
Jeremy Corbyn's "marrow moment" moment at the Labour Party conference this week came when he was pictured clutching a banana in front of a press scrum of reporters, as he waited to be introduced as leader of the party's new leader.It was a rather awkward moment, but it was also a moment worth remembering.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says he was not surprised by the emergence of England striker Marcus Rashford in his Euro 2016 squad for this summer's tournament in France, but admits the teenager will have to "adjust" to the pressure of playing in front of a home crowd.
MPs have voted to hold an immediate review of civil partnerships in England and Wales, as the government's same-sex marriage bill faces fresh scrutiny in the Commons amid divisions within the Conservative Party over whether to change the status of heterosexual civil partnerships to allow gay couples to marry.
Two chemistry labs and a restaurant have been closed at Dundee University after a fire broke out at its main building.The fire service has said it is treating the blaze as "unexplained" and no further action will be taken to tackle the blaze, the BBC understands.
Ricardo Santos scored twice as Barnet moved into the League Two play-off places with a comfortable win at Leyton Orient, who remain without a league win this season.Â£100,000 in the balance after a 1-1 draw.Â€¦
The recent rise in the number of drug users in Wrexham has led to concerns that the problem is becoming more visible, and that drug use is on the rise, as the BBC has been told by a former addict who has been in recovery for five years, that the town's problem is "everywhere".
Tanzania's electoral commission chairman in Zanzibar has announced that the island's presidential and parliament elections have been cancelled because of "gross irregularities" in Sunday's vote, in a statement to the BBC's Farai Sevenzo in the capital, Dar es Salaam.
The number of jobs created or safeguarded by foreign companies in Wales has risen by more than a quarter in the last financial year, according to new figures from the Welsh government's international trade department, despite the UK's vote to leave the EU referendum in June.
The chemical weapons watchdog OPCW has concluded that a chemical attack on a rebel-held town in north-western Syria in April killed more than 80 people and was probably caused by the use of the nerve agent Sarin, as a weapon of mass destruction.
A group linked to Yemen's al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) has announced that it is offering a deal with the government in exchange for the release of 10 Yemeni soldiers who were kidnapped last month, reports the BBC's Nabil al-Arabi.
A Scottish man has been reunited with the suitbag containing his grandfather's Gallipoli campaign medals after it was stolen from a train carriage.A woman from the north of England has said she was "mortified" for him after finding it in her wardrobe.
British Paralympic gold medallist David Weir says he will still compete in the London Marathon despite retiring from track racing with the British team, BBC Sport has learned from the BBC Sport social media site @bbcsportgolfer on Twitter.com.
Shrewsbury College has announced plans to cut the number of posts by more than half, with the loss of 76 jobs by the end of the academic year, BBC Shropshire has been told by the college's governing body, the UCU, which represents staff.
An investigation is under way into allegations of malpractice in relation to an exam paper at Belfast Grammar School, the BBC has learned from the Council for the Curriculum, Examinations and Assessment (CCEA) in Northern Ireland (CCCEA).
Pop star Ed Sheeran has played two surprise sets at this year's Glastonbury Festival, playing to a crowd of about 80 people in a room with no more than 80 other people in the audience, it has been revealed to BBC Radio 1's Today programme.
Sierra Leone's former army captain and Ebola survivor Ibrahim Juma Juma has been working with the World Health Organization (WHO) to help people affected by the deadly virus in the country. He says he is "confident" that the future is bright for the country, despite its worst outbreak of the disease in decades.
Brentwood and Ongar MP Sir Eric Pickles has announced he is to stand down as an MP at the general election, after 25 years in the Commons, saying it is time to "have a new representative in Westminster" for the constituency.The former Conservative chairman has said he will not be seeking re-election in June.
Paris St-Germain lost ground on Ligue 1 leaders Monaco as they were beaten 2-0 at Lyon, their first league defeat in 11 months, to slip to third place in the table behind Caen and third-placed Ligue 2 leaders Monaco.
Juventus defender Federico Fazio has signed a new five-year contract with the Italian champions, keeping him at the club until 2021.Â£25m is the reported price for the player's release, with a view to a further 12 months if the player is sold.
Wearable technology has become the latest big thing to hit the tech scene, but what does it mean for us and how do we use it and what happens to all the data we generate and share with companies and public health bodies? Read on to find out.
Pope Francis has approved a second miracle attributed to the late Indian nun Mother Teresa, paving the way for her to be declared a saint, the Vatican has said in a statement.Â£1bn-a-year since her death, the late nun is set to be made a saint.
Bomb disposal experts have carried out a controlled explosion on two unexploded World War Two bombs found on a beach in Aberdeenshire, the coastguard has said, after they were discovered by a member of the public walking on the shoreline in Nairn.
Second hand Volkswagen (VW) cars have performed only slightly worse than the average car on the market following the emissions scandal, according to a new study of second hand car sales in the UK and the US over the past 12 months, despite the emissions cheating scandal engulfing the German carmaker.
Facebook's chief executive has said he is "pretty sympathetic" to Apple over its refusal to comply with a court order to help the FBI break into a phone used by a gunman in the San Bernardino attack, but has stopped short of backing the firm's argument.
Human remains found in the Java Sea off Indonesia have been identified as those of an AirAsia passenger on board the missing flight QZ8501, a disaster official has told the BBC, but the identity of the body has not yet been confirmed, local media report.
Camanachd Cup holders Oban Camanachd came from 3-1 down to beat Kilmallie 4-3 in the quarter-final first leg of their last-16 tie at Balmacara Park on Saturday to earn a place in the semi-finals.
Belgian police have killed two suspected Islamist militants in a raid on a train station in the north-east of the country, a prosecutor says, as the terror threat level has been raised to its highest level for the second time in as many days after attacks in France.
Night-vision goggles are to be used by council inspectors to catch dog owners who fail to pick up after their pets in the dark, it has been announced.Â£10,000 of community support has been given to fund the purchase of the equipment.ÂÂ£5,000 worth of equipment.
A "sozzled" squirrel had to be rescued by a member of a railway club after turning on a tap in a bar and getting drunk, it has emerged from behind a box of crisps on the bar's floor, the club's secretary has said.
MSPs are to be asked what the Scottish government knew about allegations that Police Scotland spied on MSPs' phone calls without their knowledge, the BBC has been told by a Labour MSP in the House of Holyrood.Â£10,000 of public money is to be spent by the Scottish Parliament on a motion calling for an investigation.
A US man who spent 22 years on death row after being wrongly convicted of murder has been released from prison after a judge overturned his conviction and sentenced him to life in prison without possibility of parole, local media report, citing a new law that awards $1.25m (Â£800,000) in compensation.
More than 200 waste traders in Edinburgh have been fined for using communal bins to dump their waste, the City of Edinburgh Council has said, as part of a crackdown on anti-social behaviour in the city centre, including fly-tipping and anti-littering.
Relatives of two inmates who died at a prison have launched a legal challenge against the governor and the Secretary of State for the Prison Service over the deaths of their loved ones at the hands of fellow inmates at the jail where they were serving their sentences, a court has heard.
The Red Arrows will be replaced in the next year or two, Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon has said, amid reports the team could be axed as part of defence budget cuts in the UK, BBC Newsnight has learned from the Ministry of Defence (MoD).
An 80-year-old man with terminal cancer has written to the House of Lords calling for a change in the law so he can die "peacefully, legally and without any threat to the medical or nursing profession" to allow him to end his life.
Stoke City defender Ryan Shawcross has signed a new three-year contract with the Premier League club, with the option of a further 12 months at the end of the current deal, which will expire in 2018-19, and will run until 2021 if he is not sold.
Nice striker Mario Balotelli has accused French Ligue 1 club Bastia of making monkey noises towards him during his side's 2-1 win over Stade Rennais on Friday, while his team-mate Christian Plea said he heard monkey noises.
Members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union on Virgin Trains East Coast have voted in favour of strike action in a dispute over job losses, the union has said in a letter to its members.Â£1.5m of pay is to be lost.
Bournemouth captain Tommy Elphick has had surgery on an ankle injury and could be out for up to 10 weeks, BBC Radio Bournemouth has been told by the Premier League club's medical staff.Callum Wilson has also had an operation and could miss the start of the season.
The resignation of Chris Evans was the latest high-profile resignation to hit the news in the UK, but who should be the next big name to step down from a high profile job in the country's entertainment industry, and who should fill the void left by Chris Evans?
The death rates of bee colonies in 17 European countries have risen sharply over the past three years, according to a survey of the world's most important pollinators, including honey bees and hoverflies.Â£1.5bn (1.4bn euros; $1.8bn; $2.2bn) has been spent on the study.
The body of Kim Jong-nam, the half-brother of North Korea's leader, has been released to his family in China, the Chinese foreign ministry has said, hours after Malaysia said it had received a formal request from the family of the North Korean leader's son.
The United Nations has dropped plans to use Wonder Woman as an ambassador for gender equality after a backlash over the character's "sexualisation" of women and girls, the organisation has said in a statement to the US media and US news outlets, citing "timely termination".
The owner of a yacht has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after an explosion on a beach in Argyll and Bute led to the vessel being blown off the coast of Orkney, the RNLI has confirmed to the Coastguard in Scotland.
A man accused of racially aggravated behaviour at a pro-refugee rally has been found guilty of making threats to kill and threatening to kill. However, a sheriff has said he will reserve a verdict in the case until next year, when the case will be heard.
A four-year-old boy is in a serious condition in hospital after being hit by a car in North Lanarkshire on Saturday afternoon, it has emerged.Police are treating his injuries as "life-threatening" and say he is being treated in hospital for multiple injuries.
Visitors to Liverpool could be asked to pay more in council tax to help fund the city's parks and green spaces, according to a new report commissioned by the city mayor and backed by the mayor's own campaign group, the Green Party of Merseyside (GSP).
Nigeria says it has shut down a radio station that broadcasts from Biafra, a breakaway region of the country which seeks independence for its breakaway state of South-east Nigeria in the 1960s and 1970s and seeks independence from the restive north-east.
A former soldier who lived rough on the streets and in hostels for more than 20 years has been recognised in the Queen's Birthday Honours list for his work with homeless people and the homeless charity Groundswell, which helps people in recovery from drug and alcohol addiction.
Boeing has developed a new high powered laser that can be used in a range of military applications, following a successful trial in the US.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) deal with a Chinese company, it has been revealed.
Five people have been arrested in connection with the death of James Appleton who was stabbed in north London, police have said, in what they described as a "brutal and violent" attack on a young man who was found unconscious in a park.A 15-year-old boy has been charged with his murder.
Crusaders have one game remaining in the race to retain the Irish Premiership title as they travel to face Glenavon on Saturday while Linfield host Coleraine at Mourneview Park in their final game of the season on Tuesday.The top two in the table will go head-to-head for a place in the Irish Cup final.
Former Liverpool and Scotland striker John St John says he has been diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease as a result of playing the game and believes football should pay for care costs for ex-players who develop the condition in their later years, writes BBC Radio 5 live.
BBC Sport takes a look at the key sports of the year in the world of sport, as BBC Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra brings you all the latest team news, previews and statistics. Click here for all the team news and stats from the 2015 World Cup.
A new portrait of Mozart has been unveiled, which aims to shed light on the composer's "dark side" and "obsession" with music and his "obsessive" pursuit of perfection.Â£50,000 worth of music is to be projected onto buildings around Newcastle and Gateshead.
Hundreds of 'Boris bikes' are to be installed in Bristol as part of a pilot scheme to hire bikes for hire across the city centre, the council has announced in a bid to attract more people to cycle to work and leisure events in the city over the next year.
India beat Sri Lanka by an innings and 88 runs in the second Test in Colombo to take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series with one match to go.Â£1.5m prize money will be shared between the two sides after the match finished in a draw.
A major golf tournament is to be held in Mexico City next year, despite Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump saying it is a "sad day" for the sport, its governing body has said, amid a "sponsorship issue" with the US president-elect.
Plans to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol in Scotland have been at the centre of a long-running legal battle between the Scottish government and the drinks industry for the past five years.Â£1bn worth of legal action has been taken in the courts over the issue.
Status Quo guitarist Rick Parfitt has died at the age of 69, his manager has said, after suffering a "serious fall" from a motorcycle accident earlier in the day, following a long illness and a fall at his home in Marbella, Spain.
Motorists renewing or taking out car insurance will face an average rise of more than £13 a year as a result of the Insurance Premium Tax (IPT) rise, the AA has warned.The average price of a comprehensive policy will rise by an average of £13.
It was another busy day in the English Football League on Saturday, with Championship and League Two sides battling it out for points in the battle to avoid relegation from the Championship and a red card for a player sent off in stoppage time at the bottom of the table.
Hibernian manager Neil Lennon says he has been pleased with his side's pre-season form as they prepare to face Montrose in the Betfred League Cup group stage for the first time in his managerial career on Saturday, while Motherwell boss Stephen Robinson admits he needs an "injection of pace in the top end of the pitch".
The rector of Glasgow University has warned that changes to the way Scottish universities are governed could have "perverse and possibly unintended consequences" for the institution's ability to contribute to the country's economic and social well-being if they are made law by the Scottish government.
Cardiff City will not be in a rush to offer Peter Whittingham a new contract, despite the Welshman signing a new one-year deal with the Championship club earlier this week, reports BBC Wales Sport's Neil Swarbrick at Cardiff City HQ.
The first rig to be used in the planned decommissioning of the Beatrice oil field off the west coast of Scotland is due to arrive in the area later this week, BBC Scotland has learned from the operator Repsol Sinopec Resources UK and the Ministry of Defence.
World number one Mark Selby says he does not feel the pressure of defending his title as he bids to reach the quarter-finals of the World Snooker Championship for the first time in his career at the Crucible Theatre in London on Monday."I am relaxed, enjoying my snooker and it seems to be showing," says the defending champion.
French presidential candidate Francois Fillon and his wife, Penelope, have been questioned by police as part of an inquiry into his wife's alleged involvement in a multi-million-dollar fraud scandal, the candidate has said in a statement to the BBC's French TV channel.
Plymouth Argyle's Chris Kelly has been charged with violent conduct by the Football Association following an incident in Saturday's 2-2 draw with Bristol Rovers at the Racecourse on the opening day of the League Two season.Â£10,000 fine and a three-match ban are among the punishments handed out by the FA for the incident.
National League strugglers Guiseley have signed Wrexham midfielder Joel Jones on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1,000 in the summer transfer deadline day transfer window, reports BBC Radio Stoke.com.
A sculpture of musician Michael Ronson has been unveiled in his home city of Hull as part of the city's City of Culture celebrations next month, 22 years after he died from cancer at the age of 46, it has been revealed to coincide with the 20th anniversary of his birth.
A woman has been arrested after two iPhones were stolen from a Black Sabbath fan's pocket during the band's concert in Sunderland, police have said in a reward for information leading to the recovery of the mobile phones in a house in Whitley Bay, North Tyneside.
A woman has died after she was hit by a train at a level crossing in Suffolk, police have said, in what is being treated as a "non-suspicious" incident by the Metrolink Police Service (MPS) in the East of England.
Irish Strictly Come Dancing star Kevin O'Donnell has said he was so nervous on the show that he struggled to walk down the stairs before the live show and had to be carried down a flight of stairs at the end of each week's rehearsals.
Could there ever be another 'psychic' octopus like Paul the Octopus, who predicted the results of Germany's 2010 World Cup victory over Canada, to predict the outcome of this year's Women's World Cup in Germany this summer, the BBC has learned.
Colwyn Bay have parted company with manager Gary Lynch after just one season in charge of the National League strugglers at the end of the season, it has been announced.Â£1,000 has been paid in compensation to the club's Football League-bound players.
A 16-year-old boy has become the first blind man to win the English National Conker Championships, which raise money for blind and visually-impaired people in the UK and Ireland each year to help fund charity work and education for the visually impaired.
A car driver has been caught with a sofa in the boot of his vehicle after it was spotted by a motorcyclist on a dual carriageway in the middle of the morning rush hour, police have said, calling it "a bit of an eye-catching sight".
The Paris Air Show is famous for its spectacular displays of fighter jets, but at this year's event in the French capital, a spooky-looking object has been unveiled that could transform the role of the jet fighter in the 21st Century - and perhaps the world of warfighting.
How much do you know about the history of the Greek restaurants in London's Soho and how do you get your hands on one of the city's most famous fish and chip shops and take a look at the history behind some of the food you've never heard of?
The US has accused the UN Human Rights Council of having a "chronic anti-Israel bias" and accused it of adopting five "biased" resolutions against Israel in a row over the past six months, in its first speech to the body since President Donald Trump took office.
The Church of England is to divest from companies that make money from the most polluting forms of energy, such as coal and oil, for the first time, it has announced in its first policy announcement on climate change and human rights issues since the Paris attacks in 2015.
Francesco Guidolin says he is "worried for the table, not his position" as Swansea City manager, despite his side's poor run of form and fears over his future at the Premier League strugglers at the club's bottom club Swansea City.
Manchester United's hopes of overturning a two-goal deficit to reach the Europa League quarter-finals suffered a major setback as they were knocked out of the competition by Olympiakos in the first leg of their last-32 tie at Old Trafford on Wednesday.
The US has urged Pakistan to respond to the attack on an Indian air force base in the western state of Punjab by "the way they've said they would" after Prime Minister Narendra Modi's recent visit to the country, a senior US official has said in a statement.
An Indian woman who says she was forced into marriage at "gunpoint" by her husband in Pakistan has arrived back in Delhi after a court in Islamabad granted her permission to return to India on her return to the country on Tuesday.Â£1.5m (1.6m rupees; $2.2m) in damages.
The Liberal Democrats have lost all but one of their four seats in the Scottish Parliament after the 2015 general election in the Highlands and Islands, the party has confirmed after the result was declared.Â£1.5m of public money has been spent by the party in the region.
Madagascar's parliament has voted to impeach President Hery Rajaonarimampianina, a day after he was re-elected for a second term in office by a large majority in the country's first direct presidential election since the end of a coup in 2009.
England captain Alastair Cook hit a career-best 263 as his side dominated Pakistan on day three of the second Test to leave the match delicately poised at the end of day four in Abu Dhabi with a slim chance of a first-innings victory.
College lecturers in Glasgow are to be balloted on whether to join a national strike in a dispute over pay, the EIS union has said, after a "quick change of mind" by some of their colleagues in the city's college colleges to join the national action.
Is this the first British air strike in Syria since the so-called Islamic State (IS) group was defeated in November 2014, killing a British citizen? Is this the beginning of the end of the UK's involvement in the fight against the so called Islamic State in the country?
A giant bouncy castle has been built for a music festival in Hampshire, which organisers say could be the world's largest.Â£1.5m worth of bouncy equipment has been used to make it the largest in the world, it has been claimed.
A suspected firearm has been found in a bin in north Belfast, the PSNI has said.It is understood that the firearm was found by a member of the public on the side of the road in the Waterside area of the city on Wednesday night, police have said.
A judge in Indonesia has sentenced two boys to 10 years in jail each for the rape and murder of a 15-year-old girl who went missing in April and was later found dead in a wooded area near the village where she was last seen alive.
The head of Mexico's National Guard, Luis Carlos Galindo, has been sacked over the deaths of 43 suspected drug traffickers in a raid on a ranch, the country's National Crime Commission (CNDH) has said in a new report to the president.
Airlines' flight bookings system is vulnerable to cyber-attacks, according to security experts who have exposed flaws in the way the data is accessed.Â£1bn worth of travellers' flight itinerary details can be accessed, it has been claimed.
More than 90% of police officers in England and Wales feel their morale has fallen or is at an all-time low, according to a BBC survey of officers' attitudes to the police service, which was commissioned by the Home Secretary Theresa May in 2011.Â£4,000 cuts to starting salaries and overtime payments have affected morale, a survey has found.
Leeds Rhinos came from behind to beat Salford Red Devils in the rain-lashed conditions at Headingley and set up a Super League play-off semi-final against St Helens at the KCOM Stadium on Friday, 2 April.
Oxford's Westgate has become the first major road in the UK to be made pedestrian-only when it reopens next year after a year-long closure.The number of pedestrians is expected to increase by 145% when the road reopens, council bosses have said.
The England and Wales Cricket Board of Control (ECBowl) has said it will consult with the Foreign Office over security concerns ahead of England's tour of Bangladesh in October, following a deadly attack on a cafe in the country earlier this week in which 22 people were killed.
The chief executive of a council and the leader of another local authority have been arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice and witness intimidation as part of a probe into a multi-million pound fraud case, it has been revealed to the BBC.
David Cameron has said he is "absolutely convinced" there will be a need to reopen EU treaties to "solve the problem" of the eurozone, as he begins a European trip to argue for a more "flexible" Europe ahead of a referendum on EU membership.
Torquay United manager Kevin Nicholson has criticised his side's attitude as they prepare to face Tranmere Rovers in the National League on Thursday, saying "too many of the team looked like they'd made it" in the win over Solihull Moors.
A rare flower at the Botanic Garden in Edinburgh is expected to bloom later this week, after a "growth spurt" at the top of its giant corm.Staff at the site have said it will be "incredible" when it blooms.
Tyson Fury's rematch with Wladimir Klitschko will go ahead on 29 October despite the British heavyweight champion being charged with a doping offence, his promoter has said, but with no guarantee he will be cleared of any wrongdoing by the UK's anti-doping agency.
A woman has admitted murdering three men whose bodies were found in ditches in Peterborough and Cambridgeshire and preventing the "lawful burial" of all three of the victims' remains, the Old Bailey has been told at the start of a three-day trial.
Brain-controlled drones that can be controlled by the user's brainwaves have been developed for use in the military, police and the commercial aviation industry, according to a new report in the New Scientist online news site, which claims to be the first of its kind in the world.
A contract to demolish the former Didcot Power Station has been awarded to a company which lost its contract after the collapse of a building at the site killed four men, RWE NPower has confirmed to BBC Cymru Scotland's Panorama news website.
Indonesia's opposition PDI-P party has won most seats in parliamentary elections, preliminary results show, but it is unclear if it will be able to enter the presidential election.Â£1bn-a-year incumbent president-elect Joko Widodo's party will need to form a coalition.
Anheuser-Busch InBev, the world's biggest brewer, has reached an agreement with rival South African brewer SABMiller on the terms of a possible takeover, the two companies have said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange and to the BBC.
The Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) has announced £250m of funding to improve access to tennis courts in Britain and make them more social hubs for players and visitors in towns and cities, as part of a 10-year programme to boost participation in the sport.
The South West of England is to get the biggest share of a government fund to tackle the shortage of affordable homes for second-home owners, it has been announced.The gap between what people can earn and housing costs is bigger than almost anywhere else in the country.
Artificial intelligence (AI) scientists are taking on the world's best poker players in a new contest in a bid to develop a machine capable of beating humans in a real-world poker match for the first time, in the US state of Pennsylvania.Viewers can watch the entire tournament live online.
Two men have been jailed for the murder of a County Antrim Chinese takeaway restaurant owner in one of the most "vicious" attacks the PSNI has ever seen during its service as a detective chief constable (DCI) in a paramilitary-style murder.
Islamic State (IS) fighters have launched an attack on government-held areas of the eastern Syrian city of Deir al-Zour, cutting off the main supply route to the group's Syrian stronghold, Amaq news agency has said, in an apparent reference to a hospital attack.
A French-Vietnamese dissident blogger has been sentenced to three years in prison for subversion, in a case that has drawn international criticism.The French government has urged Vietnam to release him immediately, saying it is "deeply concerned" by the sentence.
BBC Sport football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 32 matches at the 2014 Fifa World Cup in Brazil this summer against a variety of different teams as he tries to help predict the outcome of every game at this summer's tournament in Brazil.
The British Phonographic Industry Association (BPI) has said it is "encouraging" that revenues from the UK music industry grew last year, but added that more needs to be done to protect intellectual property rights after the UK leaves the European Union.
Uber has agreed to pay $1.5m (Â£1.1m) to settle three class action lawsuits brought by US customers who claimed the firm was not doing enough to ensure the safety of its drivers and passengers.Â£2.5 million is to be paid out to settle the cases.
A lion has escaped from a game park in South Africa's Karoo National Park, where a tourist was mauled to death by a wild animal last week, park officials say, and is being hunted by rangers and search dogs in the area's mountains.
Poet Philip Larkin is to be honoured in Poets' Corner at Westminster Abbey, the Church of England has announced.Â£1m will be spent on a memorial to the poet in the next few years, it has been announced. Â£10,000 of public money will be used to pay for the work.
A former soldier has been jailed after his DNA matched samples found on the body of a 13-year-old girl who was raped and murdered 40 years ago, a judge has said in a sentencing speech to mark the case's "victim impact" on her family.
South Sudan's president has sacked his entire cabinet, including the vice-president, in a move seen as an attempt to restore order in the oil-rich country.The BBC has learned that the entire cabinet has been sacked in the latest move by the war-torn nation.
A Russian spacecraft carrying supplies to the International Space Station (ISS) has lost contact with its launch and is likely to burn up on re-entering Earth's atmosphere, Russian officials say, putting the space station's food supplies at risk for the first time in a year.
In a schoolroom in a refugee camp in Lebanon, a group of children are playing in a classroom full of crayons and coloured pencils, as if they have never been away from their desks before, or at least from the playground.They are having a go at building their own home.
A Scottish man and a woman from the Republic of Ireland have died after a yacht ran aground in South Africa, a rescue organisation has said in a statement.The Foreign Office has said it is "travelling to South Africa" to investigate the circumstances of their deaths.
Flooding caused by heavy rain in Norfolk has been caused by a lack of water pumps, the fire service has said, with some homes having to be evacuated because of the damage caused by the torrential downpours caused by Storm Desmond in the county.
The Scottish SPCA has warned people to keep antifreeze out of reach of cats after the death of a cat in Dundee which had been found with severe hypothermia under the car boot of its owner's car in an apparent case of cat poisoning.
A minor-league baseball team in the US state of Utah has apologised after it promoted a "Caucasian Heritage Night" in the wake of the recent shooting of nine black people in a church in South Carolina, saying its intentions were "misconstrued".
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman who has been missing from her Milton Keynes home for more than a week, police have said in a new appeal for help in finding her.Â£10,000 has been made available to trace her.
What do you do if you're sick on stage at a major music awards show and you have to cancel because you're not feeling so hot and bothered to turn up at the venue in the first place you've been for a few weeks or even months with the flu?
Two men have died following a two-vehicle crash on the A713 in South Ayrshire which closed the road for more than four hours overnight and is expected to take several hours to fully reopen to traffic.Police have appealed for witnesses.Â£5,000 in a bid to find the driver of a white flat-bed truck seen at the scene.
Leicester City's Premier League title triumph last season has been hailed as a success story for the city and has been credited with spurring on the city's tourism industry and attracting millions of international visitors to the city over the last year, as well as a boost to the local economy.
Nick Gubbins' unbeaten century put Middlesex in a strong position on day two against Somerset at Taunton, but the hosts are still in need of a draw to secure a first County Championship win of the season against the Division Two leaders.Â£1.5m will be at stake.
Labour leader Ed Miliband has said he is "deeply sorry" for his party's decision to take the UK to war in Iraq in 2003 but has not made any formal apology for the conflict or said it was "wrong". He is the first party leader to do so since the 2003 invasion.
A lifeboat crew rescued a hen party from a river after their boat got stuck in mud on its way to a "low-key" day of hen-encrashers."Best laid plans and all that," the RNLI has said on its Facebook page.
Harry Potter star Peter Capaldi is to play William Hartnell in a new Doctor Who episode, it has been announced, after playing the late actor in a special episode of the BBC One series in 2012.Â£1.5m is to be paid for his performance in a tribute to the show.
The European Commission has recommended that a decision on whether to build a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in Somerset should be made in "principle" after talks with the UK government and the French company behind the project, the BBC has learned.
An image has been released of a man police want to speak to in connection with the "shocking" robbery and torture of a couple at their Kent home by a gang of men armed with machetes and baseball bats who threatened to kill their family members if they did not hand over cash.
Work has started on a new community centre to replace the former market hall in Aberystwyth, which was bought by the Welsh Government for the town's history centre and community centre in 2014, it has been announced on Anglesey Council's website.
Theresa May is set to press ahead with plans to reduce the number of police stop and searches in England and Wales, BBC Newsnight has learned, despite a 12-month deadline for the changes.Â£1bn of public money is to be used to reform stop and search.
New Glentoran manager Gary Haveron has challenged his players to show "passion and pride" in his first game in charge of the club when they host Linfield in Saturday's Irish Premiership game at the Brandywell at the SSE Arena.
Doctors at a north Wales maternity hospital have voted against plans to downgrade maternity and gynaecology services in a row over poor communication between the health board and the hospital's staff.The health board has defended its decision to withdraw consultant-led maternity and other women's services.
Dundee manager Grant McCann has cancelled his players' day off after his side's poor display in Saturday's Scottish League Cup win over Stirling Albion Rovers was deemed unacceptable by the Football Association of Scotland and the Scottish Football Association (SFA) and his players.
Slovakia is one of the world's newest countries, having gained independence from the Czech Republic in the early 1990s after the collapse of communist rule in neighbouring Czechoslovakia, and joined the European Union in March 2004 as a result of the Velvet Revolution in eastern Europe.
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says he has not ruled out re-signing former Derby County midfielder Andy Barker on a short-term deal, if the Championship club can afford it, if he recovers from injury in time to make his return to the first team.
An open day is being held to mark the opening of a bowling pavilion as part of a project to preserve the history of a Northumberland village.Â£1.5m plans for a new museum have been announced.ÂÂ£500,000 funding has been secured for the project by the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF).
England secured their place at Euro 2017 with a comfortable victory over Belgium in their final group game of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers in the Belgian city of Leuven to finish top of Group 7.Â£1.5m will be paid to the winners of the group.
Google has confirmed it has ended its experiments with internet-providing drones known as Titan, which it bought in 2014.Â£1bn-worth Titan Aerospace has shut down, the firm has said.Â© Google.com.ÂÂ© Titan Aerospace.
Police are searching for a man who escaped from a hospital in Manchester after jumping from a first-floor window to catch a bus in the city centre on Sunday night and is being sought by officers on suspicion of assault and robbery offences, police have said in a new appeal.
Frank Pantridge, the Northern Ireland doctor who invented the portable defibrillator, was known as a "big personality" with a mischievous streak and a low opinion of those in authority, according to his great-niece Victoria Jordan, one of his closest friends.
Great Britain's Lionhearts were beaten 50-45/50-45 by Cuba in the final of the World Series of Boxing (WSBB) Grand Final in Las Vegas on Saturday night to lose the WSB title for the first time in the competition's history.
Championship side Oldham booked their place in the sixth round of the Challenge Cup with a thumping victory over Hull KR at the Keepmoat Stadium, who are out of the competition for the first time this season after being knocked out in the first round.
Tehran's controversial Evin prison is to be turned into a park, the mayor of the Iranian capital has said, after talks with the judiciary and local authorities.Iranian media have welcomed the plan to turn it into a tourist attraction, but others have expressed concern.
A woman has been taken to hospital with serious injuries after being hit by a van in East Lothian in the early hours of the morning, police have said.Â£10,000 of damage has been caused to her car and she is in a critical condition in hospital.
A senior Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) lawyer dropped the case against two men accused of raping a 15-year-old girl in Rochdale in 2008, the BBC has learned."I regret that the wrong decision was made," says the chief prosecutor for the North West.
The death of French footballer Fabrice Muamba, who collapsed and died during a Premier League match on Sunday, has once again raised the issue of the dangers of young people playing sport at a high level, and how to prevent them from suffering a cardiac arrest in the future.
The number of people listening to BBC Radio 1 and Radio 1Xtra has fallen for the first time in four years, according to the latest figures from the Audience Research Council (ARDC) and BBC Radio 3's latest ListenTo.com survey, which compare the listening habits of radio stations across the UK.
The 800th anniversary of the birth of one of Scotland's most influential medieval philosophers is to be marked with a two-day festival in Dumfries and Galloway this weekend.Â£10,000 of public money has been raised for the event by the Dumfriesshire council.
Schalke have confirmed the appointment of 39-year-old Italian coach Roberto Tedesco as their new head coach on a free transfer from German second-tier club Erzgebirge Aue on a two-year deal.Â£1.5m is the Bundesliga club's biggest ever deal for a head coach.
Celtic have been fined by Uefa for crowd disturbances during their Europa League defeat by Galatasaray last season.Â£1.5m has been imposed on the club by the European governing body on the Turkish club for failing to control their supporters.
A stretch of the towpath on the Rhondda Cynon Taff canal is to be closed to the public for six weeks while repairs are carried out to the parapet of an Aqueduct in Bridgend county, it has been announced, to allow maintenance work to be carried out.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has announced changes to its rules in an effort to tackle crowd trouble at matches.Allowing clubs to take action against fans who engage in "unacceptable conduct" has been welcomed by the Scottish government and the sport's governing body.
The Maoist insurgency began in the eastern Indian state of Chhattisgarh in the early 1970s, when a small band of Maoist rebels took to the streets of the city of Kolkata (Calcutta) to protest against what they saw as a lack of political and economic development.
Scientists have developed a DNA "tape recorder" that can trace the lineage of a cell's progenitor cells back to the very beginning of its life, using just a single edit point in a living organism's genetic code, a study shows in a study of a fish.
Paralympic champion Sarah Storey has won a record-equalling 17th world title with victory in the women's road race at the Para-cycling Track Cycling World Championships in Nottwil-Brazzaville, Switzerland.Â£1.5m in prize money.
Former Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert has been sentenced to seven years in prison for corruption and breach of trust.A court in Tel Aviv has sentenced him to six years in jail for taking a bribe from developers in a controversial real estate deal in Jerusalem.
Plans to reform prisons, schools and the police have been announced in the Queen's Speech, which is being hailed as a "progressive" and "one nation Conservative government" by the prime minister, as he defended his government's "radical" agenda.
Two crocodiles have been shot and examined by Australian police after a boy was mauled by a saltwater crocodile in a remote part of the country, officials have said, but they do not appear to be the attacker's pet reptile, as initially feared.
England manager Roy Hodgson says his side must learn to "win the war" if they are to avoid defeat in Monday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Switzerland in St Jakob-Park, Switzerland."Winning this game does not make us a great team in 2016," says the England boss.
A new app to help people in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire with mental health problems is being launched in a bid to cut the number of people taking their own lives in the north east of the country, it has been claimed, by the Scottish government and a local charity.
Two men have been given suspended sentences after thousands of tyres were found dumped on the shoreline of Lough Foyle, County Londonderry, without a licence to keep or use any material as a sea defence, a court has been told on Wednesday.
Sri Lanka completed a stunning comeback to beat Australia by eight wickets in the first Test in Colombo and take a 2-0 lead in the three-match series with a record-equalling win in the series.Â£1.5m Sri Lanka-Australia Test match ended in a thrilling draw.
Typhoon Hagupit has made landfall in the Philippines, bringing strong winds and heavy rain to the capital, Manila, with warnings of flooding and landslides in the next 24 hours, the government says, as thousands of people return to their homes after days of evacuations.
Ireland fast bowler James Rankin will return to international cricket for the first time in more than two years when he plays for his country against Papua New Guinea in January 2016 on a short-term deal with the ICC InterContinental Cup squad in Australia."I'm delighted to be back in Ireland," said the former England spinner.
When Zinedine Zidane took charge of Real Madrid in February 2016, he was facing one of the most difficult periods in his managerial career and faced the prospect of the worst run of results in the club's history, with the Champions League semi-final against Atletico Madrid a distant memory.
The England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) has announced a radical shake-up of the way that cricket is played in England and Scotland.The aim is to make it more attractive to the next generation of players, fans and players. Here are some of the key points of the new plans.
A five-figure sum is expected to be needed to repair a 200-year-old stone cross which was damaged in a suspected drink-drive crash in a Lincolnshire town, a town trustee has said, adding it could cost up to £6,000.
The Indian Ocean island of Reunion, off the coast of Mauritius, is a French overseas department in the Indian Ocean and one of the world's smallest and most easterly French overseas regions, with a population of more than 865,000 (1.5 million euros; $1.6bn).
The Trump administration has said it is willing to co-operate with Russia but only where the two countries "do not see eye-to-eye", on the first foreign trip by the new US secretary of state since taking office.US officials have said they are ready to work with Moscow but not on a military level.
England's Justin Rose carded a six-under-par 65 to share the lead with American Rickie Fowler after the first round of the Wells Fargo Championship in the United States, his first win of the year in his home state of North Carolina.Defending champion Jordan Spieth shot a four-under 68 to lie two shots off the lead.
Rotherham United have appointed Hibernian boss Alan Stubbs as their new manager after the Scot left the Scottish champions to take over at Championship rivals Rotherham for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £1.5m, on a three-year deal.
When the Mosul Dam was captured by so-called Islamic State (IS) militants in 2014, Othman's family was forced to flee from their homes in northern Iraq, and his land was destroyed in a devastating battle for control of the water-rich Tigris River.
West Ham's David Gold has learned a lesson about retweeting - don't be too quick to respond to social media pranks, especially if you're a football fan or chairman of a Premier League club, as he was on Twitter on Tuesday night, as it turned out to be a hoax.
Turkey, ducks, chickens and ducks have been stolen from a Powys butcher's shop during a break-in during the busiest time of the year for Christmas shoppers, it has been revealed to the BBC Wales news website's Laura Kuldyddydd news website.
Former world number one Victoria Azarenka won her first match since the birth of her son, Leo, in a rain-delayed match on her return to competitive action ahead of Wimbledon next month, her first since giving birth to the boy in December.
Leeds Rhinos say it will be six months before they return to their flood-hit training ground at Kirkstall after the flood damage caused by Storm Desmond cost the club more than £1m to clean up and replace the playing surfaces at the Kirkstall site.
Six teenagers have died of carbon monoxide poisoning at a remote hut near the Austrian town of Wuerzburg where they were celebrating a birthday party, German police say, blaming the leak of gas fumes from a wood-burning stove in the building.The deaths are being investigated as a suspected accident.
Corruption is a key factor in the rise of so-called Islamic State (IS), according to a new report by a leading anti-corruption campaign group, which says the West must do more to tackle the group's "ideology" in order to defeat it.
Lewis Hamilton says he is "excited" by the closer racing between Mercedes and Ferrari in Formula 1 this year, despite the Mercedes driver admitting it is "closer" than it has been in the past two races of the season.Â£1.6bn world champion Valtteri Bottas says the battle for the title is "close".
Scientists have discovered a new hot spot in the atmosphere of Jupiter, one of the Solar System's most famous gas giants, which they say is driven by thunderclaps at the surface of the storm-hit planet's Great Red Spot at the very top of its clouds.
Bradford Bulls have been granted membership of the Rugby Football League by the RFL following the takeover of the Super League club by new owners Shahid Khan and John Sutcliffe, the governing body has confirmed to BBC Radio Manchester's Sportscene.co.uk.
Leicester Riders are confident they can add the British Basketball League Two title to their Premier League and Women's Super League double after a successful season, says coach Rob Paternostro ahead of the final of the BBL play-off final at London's O2 Arena.
Kilmarnock moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership with victory over Hearts, who remain without a home league win this season after being held to a goalless draw by Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Ibrox on Saturday.
The UK has some of the worst health records in Europe, according to a new report on public health in the European Union (EU) - but there are some areas where the nation fares better than the rest of the continent, it has emerged - such as the West Midlands.
Two people have been killed in a car crash in Paris after police opened fire on the vehicle as it tried to drive through the centre of the French capital, French media report, with one of them in a critical condition in hospital with a bullet wound to the head.
UK retail sales rose in November, helped by Black Friday discounts, according to official figures. However, it is too early to say whether the discounting event was a success for retailers, a banking expert has said.The value of online sales rose by 12.9% in November.
A horse that was wrongly declared the winner of a race has been withdrawn from the racecourse after a scan revealed it was the wrong horse, racegoers have been told by the British Horseracing Authority (BHA) after the mistake was made.Â£10,000 worth of bets have been paid out on the wrong winner.
The chances of the UK remaining in the European Union are "very, very low", a former cabinet secretary has said, as he predicted the UK would have to "get on and implement the people's decision" to leave in last year's referendum on EU membership.
At least eight people have been killed in a fire at a plastics factory in Bangladesh, officials say, the latest in a series of industrial disasters in the country.Â£1bn ($1.2bn; $1.4bn) in annual losses.
The French president has warned that "the worst can always happen" in France, as he visited the site of a former Nazi concentration camp in the south-east of the country where more than 50,000 people were held in Nazi death camps in World War Two.
A student who tried to take over Google.com has been given a "bug bounty" by the search giant for spotting a mistake in its own website-buying system, reports the BBC.com news website.Â£2,000 reward has been offered to the man who did so.
The Home Office has commissioned a barrister to go through 10,000 police documents relating to the so-called Battle of Orgreave, the House of Lords has been told by the Home Secretary's office.Â£1m of public money has been earmarked for a public inquiry into the 1984-5 miners' strike at Hillsborough.
Motherwell moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership as Lee Johnson's stoppage-time winner gave them a narrow win over Inverness Caledonian Thistle at Firhill.Â£100,000 in prize money could be at stake in the race for a top-six finish.
What is the life of the self-made billionaire who has become one of the richest men in the world, and why is he giving away all of his wealth to charity - but who is he and what does he do with his billions of dollars and millions of dollars of savings?
The Conservative MP for Stoke-on-Trent Central has said he has been the victim of a "vicious smear campaign" following his decision to leave his wife for a Labour MP's fiancee, who gave birth to their son last month.The MP has been re-elected.
Companies in southern Indian cities have declared a holiday on Friday to allow for the release of superstar Tamil actor Rajinikanth's latest film Kabali, reports the BBC's Geeta Pandey in the city of Chennai (Madras) in the southern state of Tamil Nadu.
Former NBA basketball star Lamar Odom is in a critical condition in hospital after being found unconscious at a Nevada brothel, the Nevada Department of Public Safety (NDSSA) has said in a statement.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m; $2.2m) has been raised for his medical expenses.
It was a strange day in Brussels this week.And not just because of the weather, but also because of Brexit - the two big issues that have dominated EU politics over the past few months - Brexit and the UK's decision to leave the EU and what-happens next.
Sir Bradley Wiggins says he stands by his claim in his 2012 book that he had never had an "illegal" performance-enhancing injection before a major race, despite being given permission to take banned substances by the sport's world governing body before major events such as the Tour de France.
More than 1,600 baby spiderlings have been released into a Suffolk estuary as part of a project to boost the population of a rare spider species found in the area for the first time in more than 100 years, it has been revealed to the BBC.
Myanmar's opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyaw Thein Sein's National League for Democracy (NLD) has named its candidates for the country's two houses of parliament in a bid to elect a new president after a last-ditch deal with the military.
A 17-year-old computer scientist is teaching the world's first artificial intelligence software program to diagnose breast cancer, in a bid to improve the diagnosis of leukaemia and other types of blood cancers, the Royal Society of Medicine in London has heard from a young American woman who wants to use her talents in medicine.
Sudanese state TV and radio stations have been promoting the army's victory over South Sudanese forces in the disputed border town of Heglig, in the north-east Sudanese region of Juba, in which the SPLA (South Sudan's army) has been occupying the last major rebel stronghold.
Villagers in a Dorset village have objected to plans to build up to 1,000 new homes on their land, saying it would "seriously impact" views of a national walking trail and increase flooding risk in a nearby estuary and increase traffic congestion in the area.
The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by more than 20,000 in the past year, according to official figures, but the government says it is "good that we've got a growing economy and we're seeing record numbers of British nationals in employment".
Veteran artist David Simpson has won the John Moores painting prize for the first time in his career, with a work he described as "a little bit like a tone poem" and "a bit of a bit of poetry" in the middle of a painting he had been working on.
Nigeria's most wanted kidnapper is suing the police for $1m (Â£780,000) after he was arrested and accused of serious offences, including murder and armed robbery in Lagos state, the BBC has learned from a court in the country.
Northern Ireland striker CJ Paterson says his team-mates are "scratching their heads" after their 2-0 World Cup qualifying defeat by Azerbaijan in Tel Aviv on Saturday."We've only got ourselves to blame" for the result, says the Northern Ireland striker.
The chairman of the Irish parliament's finance committee has said it is "disappointing" that the head of the Republic of Ireland's National Asset Management Agency (Nama) has so far refused to appear before its inquiry into the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loans.
Flooding has caused by a burst water main outside a London Underground station has left some commuters without water for a number of hours, Thames Water has said, while others have had to be rescued by firefighters and emergency services to get to their homes and businesses.
Japan's Emperor Akihito is considering abdication, according to government sources and reports from the Imperial Palace in Tokyo, amid reports that he has accepted his family's offer to abdicate, state media say, but the palace has denied the reports.
Plans to drill a deep borehole in County Fermanagh to test if there is enough gas beneath ground to warrant a licence for fracking have been blocked by Northern Ireland's environment minister, BBC News NI has learned on Monday night, but the company behind the project says it is reviewing its position.
MPs should be given a bigger role in the Welsh assembly as part of any future Welsh government, according to the accountancy group PwC.Â£1bn-a-year is needed to cut the workload of AMs, the organisation has said.
Universities in the UK are considering opening branches in other European countries in the wake of the UK's vote to leave the European Union, the BBC has learned from the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme on the impact of Brexit on higher education in the country.
Long naps of more than 60 minutes are linked to a 45% increased risk of type-2 diabetes, according to researchers in Japan who have suggested a link between sleep disturbances and the disease in the general population, a study has suggested in the journal Diabetologia.
Great Britain's men's ice hockey team have missed out on a place at the 2018 Winter Paralympics in Pyeongchang after losing in the play-off round of the World Para-athletics Championship in Sendai, Japan on Saturday.
The remains of a teenager shot dead by the Army in 1972 are to be exhumed to see if a bullet from a military weapon can be retrieved from his grave, it has been confirmed by police.Â£20,000 of public money has been made available for the exhumation.
Trainspotting author Irvine Kelman is among the nominees for this year's Saltire Scottish Book of the Year awards, which honour the year's best new writers.Â£2,000 prizes have been announced for the 12 books shortlisted for the 2016 awards.
They say the best players in the world are the ones who go the extra mile to score in the biggest games, the ones that mean the most to the fans and the team they are playing for, and the one that means the least to their own bosses.
The average house price in the East of England has seen the biggest rise in house prices in the UK, official figures show, but it has lagged behind the South East and the South of England, where the pace of price rises has slowed slightly in recent months.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) is calling for London's teaching hospitals to offer subsidised accommodation for low-paid NHS staff to help them find jobs outside the capital, following a survey by the college's London branch found many staff are reluctant to move to the capital.
Chris Brown's ex-girlfriend Karrueche has said she has "had enough" of the drama between her and Chris Brown, according to the singer's former manager, Rocco de Girolamo, and that she is "no longer in a relationship".
The Texas woman who died in police custody last week had tried to kill herself in the past, a sheriff has said, contradicting earlier reports.The family of a woman who was found dead in her cell have said she was a "social activist" who did not take her own life.
Campaign 2016 is officially under way at the United Nations, and it's not just about the New Year's Eve ball.It's also about the most important job in the world's most powerful organisation - the UN General Assembly, where the next secretary-general will be elected every five years.
N-Dubz have said they are "surprised" to get four nominations for this year's Mobo Awards, which will be held in Glasgow next month, after being told they were in the running for four prizes earlier in the day on Monday.
Six people have been arrested as part of an investigation into the supply of drugs into Gloucestershire from London and other parts of the West Midlands, the BBC has learned from police in Gloucester, Crawley, Gloucester and Cheltenham on the Isle of Wight.
Stephen Cook has been called up to the South Africa squad for the fourth Test against England in Cape Town on Thursday, which starts at the Wanderers in Johannesburg at the end of the month, after impressing for the Highveld Lions in a warm-up match.
Anti-fascists were "determined to cause damage and attack anybody" who looked like they might be from the right-wing, a senior police officer has said after an anti-fascist protest was held on the same day as a skinhead rally.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge have arrived in Bhutan for a two-day visit to the Himalayan kingdom of Bhutan, where they will meet the country's young king and queen for the first time since the end of the Cold War and the country has just become an independent state.
The area of glaciers in the French Alps has declined by more than a quarter in the last 40 years, according to a new survey of the region's ice fields by French scientists and their international colleagues in the Alps and surrounding mountains, a study has shown in the journal Science.
The head of the UK's equality watchdog says she will take legal action against a property tycoon who banned an Indian couple from renting his properties because of their "curry smell" because he was "racist" and "racist".Â£12,000 worth of curry smell is a "massive problem", he has said.
A train has derailed and exploded in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province, killing at least one person and injuring several others, the interior ministry has said, as a fire broke out in a nearby village and spread to nearby buildings.More than 20 people have been injured, officials say.
A man has admitted stealing the handbag of a 55-year-old woman who fell to her death from a motorway bridge and was later found lying on the carriageway, a court has heard, in a "despicable" act of theft.
Lewis Hamilton said it was "amazing" to win the Formula 1 world title and thanked his Mercedes team-mates and fans for their support as he celebrated with a victory lap-by-lap in front of a packed crowd at the United States Grand Prix.
The mother of a boy who died after being hit by a motorbike in Greece has said she is "shocked and upset" after his killer was given a suspended jail sentence for killing her son while they were on holiday in the island of Zakynthos.
A life-size puppet of the original Thunderbirds character created by its creator, Sir Roger Anderson, is being auctioned off to raise money for charity in memory of his late son, who died last year aged 88.Â£1,000 is being raised for charity.
The GCSE exams in England are to undergo a radical overhaul in the biggest shake-up in a generation, the education watchdog Ofqual has announced, with new GCSEs in English language, English literature and maths among the first to be taught in the autumn.
Nigeria have sacked Stephen Keshi as head coach of the national team with immediate effect after the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) found him not committed to the country's national team's development objectives, the governing body has said in a statement on its website.
The government is drawing up plans to limit the rights of EU migrants to live and work in the UK, Downing Street has said, after the Eastleigh terror attack in which 52 people were killed in a suspected terrorist attack in London on Monday.Â£1bn-worth of benefits could be curbed, the BBC has learned.
A vicar has been jailed for four years for attempting to groom a 15-year-old girl and encouraging her to have sex with his pet dog via internet chat log entries made by his father's vicarage in Lincolnshire, a court has heard.
The number of patients spending four hours or less in accident and emergency units in England has improved for the first time in more than a year, NHS England figures have shown, despite still missing a key waiting time target for A&E patients in the region's hospitals.
Education Secretary Michael Gove has called for an investigation after three children were removed from a foster family's care in Rotherham because they were UKIP members, the BBC has learned from the local authority's children's services department, which is investigating the case for the first time.
A fan in Aberdeen has placed a £100,000 bet on Andy Murray winning the men's singles title at Wimbledon, according to bookmakers Ladbrokes in the city, which could net a record £175,000 return for the punter's bet.
Police have released CCTV images of a man they want to speak to in connection with a serious assault in Rutherglen, East Renfrewshire, earlier this month that left a man with serious leg injuries and a serious head injury in a "violent attack".
Mexican authorities say they have captured the fugitive former governor of the eastern state of Tamaulipas, Hugo Yarrington, who is wanted in the United States on charges of drug trafficking and money laundering, in the capital, Ciudad Acapulco.
Colchester extended their winless run in League One to 17 games as they were held to a draw at home by Chesterfield, despite being reduced to 10 men at the start of the second half through an own goal by Matt Bonne.Â£10,000-rated Lee Bonne's strike was cancelled out by Lee Novak's penalty.
London's Tower Bridge is to be closed to all traffic for six months for essential maintenance work, the City of London Corporation has said, as part of a £3.5m revamp of the iconic landmark over the next three years, it has announced.
Sir Tom Jones is to return to The Voice UK as a guest judge on the ITV talent show, it has been announced, a year after he was dropped from the BBC One talent show for "irreconcilable differences" with the corporation over the way he was treated.
Four new Adventures of the Famous Five books by Enid Blyton are to be published this autumn, bringing the famous children's characters into the adult world for the first time since the '40s and '50s, publisher Quercus has announced.
A teenager has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder after a man was stabbed five times in a street attack in the West Midlands on Saturday evening, prompting a police appeal for help to trace his alleged accomplice, who is in his early 20s from Wolverhampton.
A town could be left with "stereotypes" if a reality TV show is not replaced by a new series, according to a tourism boss who says it has "put Brentwood on the map" but "won't always be around" in the future.
A man has been arrested in connection with the disappearance of a baby girl who went missing in north London in 2003, the Metropolitan Police has said in a statement to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news channel (UK-TV) station on Sunday.Â£1.5m has been raised in a police fund to help trace the child.
Facebook has agreed to buy 650 patents from AOL as part of a deal to defend itself in a patent dispute with Yahoo, according to reports from the US technology giant Microsoft and the Associated Press (AP) on Monday night, worth $1.2bn (Â£890m).
Ireland and British and Irish Lions scrum-half Tommy Bowe returned to action for Ulster A in Thursday's Pro12 game against Munster.Â£1.5m-rated Ulster A side on Thursday as he made his comeback from a knee injury in the win over Connacht.
US President Donald Trump has said he does not have any recordings of his conversations with fired FBI director James Comey and has denied that he made any tapes of the former FBI chief's conversations with the US president in the Oval Office in the months before he was fired.
The Welsh Conservative leader has said he wants an independent inquiry into the state of the NHS in Wales, if his party wins power in May's assembly election, if he is re-elected to the assembly in May.Â£1bn funding for the health service would be protected, he has said.
Hearts boss Ian Cathro has been "rushed" by the club's transfer policy, according to director of football Craig Levein, but he has high hopes for the head coach next season despite a disappointing campaign.Â£1.5m of financial losses.
A community group has been set up to try to prevent mountain fires after hundreds of blazes were started deliberately in the space of just over a month, it has been claimed by a fire service boss who has urged people to get involved in the fight against the blazes.
Barack Obama's hometown of Chicago has been chosen as the final city to submit a bid for a presidential library, beating off bids from New York and Illinois, US media report, with the city's bid narrowly missing out on the top two places on the shortlist.
Japanese carmaker Toyota has raised its profit forecast for the next financial year, saying it will benefit from a weaker yen and a tie-up with carmaker Suzuki, which is also in talks with the firm on safety technology projects with the aim of making more eco-friendly vehicles.
A woman who changed her middle name to Skywalker Skywalker has had her passport cancelled after the Home Office said it would not accept a change of name for a "frivolous purpose" because it was for "a laugh" and "for the sake of a joke".
Two sisters have appeared in court charged with terrorism offences linked to images of a man holding two severed heads and videos by the so-called Islamic State group, the BBC understands (IPCC) Â£1,000 of which have been released pending further court action.
Ciara Mitchell and David Kirk-Smith won their respective titles on the opening day of the Santry meeting on Saturday as the men's and women's 5,000m and steeplechase finals were also held at the event on Saturday night in Santry.
Dundee United and Rangers will meet in the Scottish League Cup semi-finals after both sides won their quarter-finals at Hampden Park on Sunday to set up a last-eight tie on the weekend of 16/17 April.Â£1.5m winners will face Celtic.
The death of Bisma Baloch boy, who was rushed to hospital in Pakistan's southern city of Karachi on Wednesday, has sparked outrage on social media, with many calling it a case of "Democrazy" and "heartbreaking" for the boy's family.
The families of five men who died when a wall collapsed at a scrap metal recycling plant in the West Midlands have said they are still waiting for answers about what caused the tragedy, more than a year after the tragedy.Â£1.5m worth of scrap metal worth £1.2m has been destroyed.
East Stirlingshire moved to within a point of Scottish League Two leaders East Fife with a comfortable win over Queen of the South in the Scottish Cup first round at East Kilbride on Tuesday night, despite being held to a goalless draw by Stirling Albion.
Coventry City Council has taken in more Syrian refugees than any other local authority in England and Wales, it has been claimed by the UK Independence Party (UKIP) in a bid to highlight the scale of the crisis in the country's war-torn country.
A Nigerian man has been sentenced to life in prison in the US for trying to blow up a flight from Amsterdam to Detroit on 31 October 2009, in an act of terrorism that led to the deaths of all 224 passengers and crew on board the plane.The family of the man who tried to kill himself on board have called for a review of his sentence.
The Tui Group, the world's biggest tour operator, has said it is "deeply shocked" by the Tunisian terror attack which killed dozens of people and injured many more, which it called the "most tragic event and loss of human life" it has ever experienced.
A small unexploded World War Two bomb has been found on a beach in Aberdeenshire, police have warned the public to be aware of the dangers of unexploded ordnance on Scotland's coastline, after it was found by a member of the public.
The US Supreme Court has heard arguments in a case that could decide whether the Obama administration can exempt religious groups from a key requirement of the US health care law that requires employers to provide birth control coverage for all workers with no strings attached to their health insurance plans.
A solar-powered plane attempting to cross the Pacific Ocean using just the power of the Sun has been forced to make an emergency landing in Japan after failing to find a suitable weather window to continue its journey.Â£200,000 worth of solar panels have been removed from the plane.
Celtic's 13-year-old Karamoko Dembele has made his debut for the club's under-20s, making him the youngest player to play for the first team.Â£100,000-rated Celtic have paid tribute to their "talented young player" by saying they will not "rush" him.
Kidderminster Harriers chairman Colin Brown has backed Colin Gordon to continue as head coach if he is not offered the job on a full-time basis, despite the club's financial problems at the hands of non-league rivals Kidderminster being in danger of relegation.
Broadcasting equipment used by several US radio stations has been hacked to broadcast an "obscene" animal-themed podcast, according to the group behind the content, which was broadcast on a Barix streaming box.The BBC has contacted the makers of the device to find out what happened.
Manchester City finished fourth in the Premier League for the first time under manager Manuel Pellegrini as they drew at Swansea City to secure a top-four finish in his final season in charge of the champions at the Etihad Stadium, but missed out on Champions League football next season.
American Bubba Watson leads the first round of the Shenzhen International by one shot after a rain-delayed first round at the World Golf Championships of Golf event in Shenzhen was called off because of a waterlogged playing surface and no play on the course.
Matt Doughty's injury-time winner gave Swindon manager Luke Williams his first win since taking charge as Millwall beat the Robins in the League One play-off semi-final first leg at the Kassam Stadium to keep alive his side's slim hopes of automatic promotion.
Theresa May has been urged to explain why she allowed police officer numbers to fall despite warnings that austerity was putting people at risk, in the wake of the London terror attack and the Manchester terror attack, by Labour's leader in the House of Commons.The Conservatives have accused the party of being "hopeless under pressure".
Former taoiseach (Irish prime minister) Albert Reynolds has died at the age of 83, his family has said.Former Irish Prime Minister Albert Reynolds, who led the country for more than 20 years, has died in hospital in the Republic of Ireland after a short illness.
A human chain has been held in Coventry to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two bombing of the city, which claimed the lives of more than 100,000 people.Â£1m worth of light bulbs have been lit up in the city centre.
Robin Sarstedt, the British singer and songwriter best known for his hit Where Do You Go To (My Lovely) in 1969, has died at the age of 83. His family has paid tribute to the "much-loved" singer and composer.
Former children's laureate Laurence Blackman is to have her novel Noughts and Crosses turned into a TV drama for BBC One, it has been announced.The BBC has commissioned a 10-part drama series based on the book by the author and illustrator.
Six men have been charged with a series of sex offences against women in South Yorkshire, police have said, including rape and sexual activity with a child under the age of 16 and sexual offences against a girl aged under 13, aged 15 and a boy aged under 16.
Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a thigh injury, the club have confirmed.Â£30,000-worth of damage has been caused by the injury suffered in the win over Swansea City, reports BBC Radio Manchester.
The oil company BP has withdrawn its non-essential staff from Libya in a phased reduction of numbers in response to security concerns, the company has said in a statement to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire news website, after the Foreign Office said it was following advice from the UK.
It was meant to be a warm-up speech for the education secretary, a chance for head teachers to give their views on the government's plans to turn all schools in England into academies, and a chance to put pressure on ministers to listen to head teachers' concerns.
Smoke has been reported coming from a "bed pan washer" at Altnagelvin Hospital in Londonderry, the health trust has said, after a fire broke out on a ward at the hospital on Thursday morning, causing smoke to be seen from the ceiling.
A 17-year-old boy has been charged with the murder of ex-ITV bodyguard James Hayden, who was stabbed to death in east London, in a row over a moped attack.Â£100,000 bail has been set aside for a further court appearance.
The mother of a teenager who died after being taunted on social media has launched a project to raise awareness of bullying and cyberbullying at his former school, telling pupils it was "only funny if people are secure in their friendships" at a special event.
The star of US sitcom Two and a Half Men has asked viewers to stop watching the show because it is "filth" and "filling his head with filth", he has said in a video message to his followers on social media site Facebook and YouTube.
The UK is to become the first country in the world to import electricity from Norway directly into its electricity network, it has been announced, as part of a project to boost the country's hydropower capacity and reduce its carbon emissions and greenhouse gas emissions in the UK.
A man who offered to give people a lift home after the Manchester Arena attack has said it has been "amazing" to see people "pull together" in the wake of the tragedy.Â£10,000 worth of donations have been made to help people affected by the attack.
A lion that escaped from a South African national park last year and went on a sheep-killing spree is on the run again, officials say, after escaping from the Karoo National Park for the second time in a week.The authorities say they are considering whether to put it down.
The Northern Ireland Assembly election campaign was one of the most interesting local elections in recent years, and it has been a rollercoaster ride ride for the local parties and their supporters across the island of Ireland, writes BBC News NI's political correspondent Mark Lowen.
Ipswich Town ended a run of three straight Championship defeats with a comfortable win over QPR at Portman Road to move off the bottom of the table and into the play-off places for the first time this season."Poor old Alex Smithies cost them the second goal which set them up to win," said Ipswich boss Mick McCarthy.
The World Health Organization says it is "not very optimistic" that the Ebola outbreak in West Africa will be contained in the next six months, but it is also "worried" that it will not be contained.There has been no let-up in the number of people dying.
A number of petrol bombs have been found in west Belfast after a petrol bomb attack on police officers in the area earlier this week, the PSNI has said."Sheer recklessness" is the main motivation behind the discovery of the bombs, it has been claimed.
The second of the European Space Agency's (Esa) Sentinel-1b Earth-observation satellites has been launched from the French space agency's base in the South American country of French Guiana - the first of its kind in the world.Â£1.5bn mission.
The body representing Scotland's fishing industry has called for the country to leave the European Union after the UK's vote to leave, in a "no brainer" move that could have implications for Scotland's future in the EU and the Common Fisheries Policy, it has said.
The driver of a private ambulance which was involved in a crash with a car in North Yorkshire on Saturday night has died at the scene, North Yorkshire Police have said, but it is not thought he was an ambulance driver.Â£1,000 in unpaid parking charges are being investigated.
Barcelona midfielder Ivan Rakitic is set to move to Real Madrid for a fee in the region of £40m (50m euros) on a three-and-a-half-year deal, reports BBC Radio Solent.Â£25m-rated Spanish newspaper Sport reports.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle manager Richie Foran says Saturday's game against Ross County will be the "biggest game" of his managerial career, if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership on Saturday, 17 April.Â£500,000 worth of goals are at stake for the visitors.
A man whose cars were badly damaged in flash flooding in Fife has said it was "devastating" to discover the damage to his vehicles was caused by the same road where work to prevent flooding was carried out 10 years ago.Â£30m has been spent on a town's flood prevention scheme.
East Dunbartonshire Council has been told it needs to make "urgent improvements" if it is to continue to deliver high quality services, according to a public spending watchdog report into the local authority's financial management and management of its finances and finances in the long term.
A man has been jailed for 30 years for the "horrific" rape of a woman in Warwickshire more than 30 years ago, police have said in a plea for witnesses to come forward.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to the arrest of a man who raped her.
A centenarian Chinese linguist who has been a key figure in the development of the Chinese language for more than 60 years has died in Beijing at the age of 106, his family has confirmed to the BBC's Yashan Zhao in Beijing, where he is being cared for.
League Two side Stevenage have signed former Barnet and York City striker Jordan Hyde on a two-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal, subject to international clearance, on a free transfer at the end of the season.Â£10,000 compensation.
The Crucible Theatre has been shortlisted for three prizes at this year's Olivier Awards, including best theatre in the UK for the first time in the history of the award ceremony, it has been announced on the official website of the Theatre Guild of Great Britain (TBG).
Steven Naismith says he is relishing the prospect of playing more football under new Norwich City boss Daniel Farke, but is not ruling out a return to Scotland at some point in the future."I'm hoping to learn lots from him," says the Canaries striker.
Scientists say they have made a "big breakthrough" in the fight against hearing loss by restoring some of the animals' inner hearing in a trial involving stem cells taken from a human embryo - but it is still a long way off being able to hear a conversation in a room.
Work has started on a £100m development of shops, restaurants and flats on the site of a former car park in Oxford, the developer has said, as work gets under way to transform the area into a "super-city" for the city centre.
Tunisians go to the polls on Sunday to elect a new parliament, six years after the overthrow of long-term leader Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali, who led the country's Islamist-led government in a popular uprising that led to mass street protests.
Johnny Cash's son John Carter Cash has said there is "more music to be released that is unheard" ahead of the release of his father's first posthumous album in more than 30 years, which will be called Out Among the Stars, it has been announced.
Children who have had four or more adverse childhood experiences in their first 1,000 days of life are three times more likely to have poor health later in life, a study has found, with the long-term impact passed on from one generation to the next.
A former Celtic football coach has appeared in court charged with child sex offences against a boy under the age of 16.A judge has ordered his trial to be held at Belfast Crown Court on a date to be fixed for a date in the autumn of next year.
Three Scottish runners have been named in the Great Britain athletics team for the Rio Olympics, which begin on 7 August.Â£1.5m will be spent on Scottish athletes for the Games.Â© BBC Scotland.com.ÂÂ© Getty Images.
Port Vale manager Bruno Ribeiro has been sacked by the club less than two months after leading them to the third round of the FA Cup at the third-round stage against League One Chesterfield, reports BBC Radio Stoke City on Tuesday night (19:00 GMT).
Secondary school libraries in England are in a state of "fleece or famine", according to a teachers' union survey of more than 500 education staff in the South East and North West of England, with a third having seen staff cuts of "40% or more" since 2010.
Mae'r adeilad Grenfell wedi dweud fod 74 o bobl yn cael eu trin mewn ysbytai, yn ôl gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn oriau mân fore Mercher.
Bournemouth have been fined £20,000 by the Football Association after admitting a breach of Football Association anti-doping rules in relation to players' availability for drug testing in England's Premier League and Scottish Premiership last season.Â£10,000 fine is expected to be imposed on the Cherries.
The story of a 15th Century Spanish princess who was thrown out of Tudor England for being unable to give birth to a male heir is being told at a festival at Gloucester Cathedral every year to mark the anniversary of her death.Â£10,000 has been raised for the restoration of her tomb, it has been revealed.
The Queen has granted a royal pardon to Alan Turing, the code-breaker who worked at Bletchley Park at the start of World War Two, 59 years after he was jailed for having a homosexual relationship with a man he later had an affair with.
Barack Obama has visited Bob Marley's former home in Jamaica on the first stop of his visit to the country as president of the United States, as he began a three-day trip to the Caribbean island nation on his first official visit there since 1980.
Saturday's League One game between Oldham Athletic and Wycombe Wanderers has been postponed because of a waterlogged pitch at Boundary Park, with no play possible on the final day because of the weather at Moss Rose Stadium because of heavy downpours.
Russell Knox hopes the experience of fellow Scot Sandy Lyle will help him in his bid to win his first major title when he plays at the Masters this week.Â£1.5m-rated golfer Russell Knox will be joined by the Scot in the field at Augusta National.
Middlesex all-rounder Matt Simpson has signed a new two-year contract with the county until the end of the 2018 season, with the option of a further 12-month extension to his current deal, which will keep him at Lord's until 2019.
President Donald Trump's plan to withhold federal funds from sanctuary cities that refuse to enforce his immigration policies has been blocked by a US appeals court judge in the California city of San Francisco and its Silicon Valley neighbour in a case that could cost the government $3.8bn (Â£2.9bn).
The Archbishop of Westminster has said the government's plan to bring refugees to the UK directly from refugee camps will have an "unintended consequence" and will not lead to more Christians coming to the country to live in the UK in search of refuge from the Syrian conflict.
Police in the western Indian state of Maharashtra have found the remains of eight female foetuses in a plastic bag in a drain in what they say appears to be an illegal abortion racket in the state.Activists say the discovery is "horrifying" and are calling for the arrest of a doctor.
Wales Women ran in seven tries to thrash the UK Armed Forces in their autumn internationals warm-up match at the Principality Stadium of Wales.Â£10,000 prize money will be shared between the two sides after the Welsh and British and Irish Lions won the Women's Six Nations.
A man who made a hoax 999 call threatening to kill patients at a hospital has been jailed for more than two years and five months after being found guilty of making a malicious threat to kill staff in Inverness in August last year, a sheriff has said.
The Smiths were in talks about reuniting 10 years ago, the band's former lead singer has revealed in a new book.Â£1.5m is to be made available to fans of The Smiths' back catalogue, it has been revealed.
Motherwell have appointed Mark McGhee as their new manager on a two-year contract after he left his role as Scotland assistant manager to take up the role at Fir Park on a permanent basis earlier this month, subject to approval from the club's board of directors.
The world's food supply chain is becoming increasingly vulnerable to climate change and natural disasters, according to a new report by an international think tank and think-tank group, which says the risks to global food security are "growing at an unprecedented rate".Â£1.2 trillion is at risk from climate change, a report says.
Rail services between Newcastle and Edinburgh have resumed after being suspended for more than 24 hours because of a power cut in the Tyne and Wear line on Thursday night and early on Friday, the BBC has learned from Transport for North Tyneside (TfN) has said.
A blood test that can detect early signs of ovarian cancer has been trialled in a small study in the United States, but there is no guarantee it will be able to cut the number of patients dying from the disease, say researchers.Â£1.5m is being invested in a UK study to see if it can be used in the UK.
England's record-equalling run of 10 consecutive wins in the Six Nations is starting to look a little bit like a bit of a fluke, but there is more to it than that, and there is a lot more to what's been going on at the back end of their games.
The bodies of three people have been found in the rubble of two buildings destroyed by a suspected gas explosion in New York City on Saturday, police say, bringing the death toll from the blast to at least 12.8. It is believed to have been caused by an improperly tapped gas line.
Blackberry has launched its first Android-powered smartphone in the UK, in an attempt to compete with Apple and Samsung's high-end devices.Â£1,000 is the price tag for the device, the company has said, and it is expected to go on sale this summer.
Large gatherings of people gathering in cities such as Rishikesh and Haridwar, India, could play a key role in the spread of antibiotic-resistant bacteria, a study in the journal Science Advances in Microbiology suggests, by increasing the amount of faeces in the river.
A murder investigation has been launched after a man died following an assault in Greater Manchester in the early hours of Sunday.Police are treating the death as "unexplained".Â£50,000 of suspected drugs have been seized by officers, the Met Police said.
Police are investigating a complaint about a mural at an Edinburgh primary school after an image of a black and Asian girl was painted on to the side of a school hall in what is believed to be a racist way.Â£10,000 of public money has been pledged to help fund a full investigation.
British number two Kyle Edmund suffered a shock defeat by world number three Stan Wawrinka in the quarter-finals of the Chennai Open in the Indian Wells Masters in the United States on Friday night on his first ATP Tour match of the year in the city.
St Johnstone have extended the contract of striker Scott MacLean, who has been with the Scottish Premiership club for the past five years, until the end of the season, with the option of a further year-long extension.Â£100,000 has been paid to keep him at McDiarmid Park.
Twenty years ago this month, a sheep called Dolly was born in Edinburgh, Scotland, in what was to become known as the world's first "therapeutic cloning" - the creation of a genetic copy of the animal from which it was grown and which sparked a debate about the future of science.
A man who posed as an 11-year-old girl to meet a vigilante group of paedophiles in a shopping centre car park has been jailed for 12 years.A man has been given a 12-month jail term for arranging to have sex with an underage girl.
Clashes between Kurdish fighters and Islamic State (IS) militants in the Syrian town of Kobane have continued for a second day, with heavy fighting reported in the area near the border with Turkey, activists and Kurdish sources have said, as the battle for the town enters its third week.
The construction of a new footbridge in West Sussex has been delayed after the cost of the project was increased by more than £10m, it has been revealed, following a review by the council and the main contractor, Osborne Construction Group, and a grant from the Big Lottery Fund.
A 100-year-old man who survived the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz has become one of the oldest poppy collectors in the UK, it has been revealed on the eve of his 100th birthday, BBC Wales has been told by the Royal British Legion's Poppy Appeal chairman.
Human remains found in the ground in County Fermanagh have been identified as a human skull, Irish police have said in a police report to the procurator fiscal (GardaÃ­) in connection with the discovery of a human head in the area.
Manchester City manager Pep Guardiola will face his old club Manchester United in a pre-season friendly in China next month.Â£25m-rated Manchester United will play Borussia Dortmund in Shanghai.Â€/£22.5m Manchester derby in the Chinese Super League.
Energy firm Aggreko has said it will cut £25m in annual costs to help it return to growth in 2017 after reporting a sharp fall in profits last year.Â£1.5bn worth of writedowns on its US assets were wiped out in the past year.
A man has been found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist who was hit by a car on the A985 in Fife three years ago, after prosecutors said he should have seen the cyclist well before the collision and taken steps to avoid him.Â£10,000 compensation has been paid to the victim's family.
The Public Prosecution Service (PPS) has decided not to prosecute a man suspected of being involved in the Kingsmills massacre, the BBC has been told by the PSNI's casework officer in charge of the inquiry into the atrocity on Thursday.
A mystery man who posed as a clown to scare schoolchildren in County Antrim has apologised for any distress caused by his actions, but said it was all part of a "prank" for "a bit of fun" and was not meant to frighten children.
On the steps of the Russian embassy in Istanbul, a small group of people gathered around a table in the centre of the square, listening to the news of the murder of their country's ambassador to Turkey with a mixture of shock and grief."It's really difficult to talk right now," said one of the women.
The National Trust (NT) has announced plans to restore Clandon Park, the 17th Century stately home that was destroyed by fire in a fire last year.The restoration of the house will cost £2.5m, the trust has said.Â£1.6m is expected to be spent over the next three years.
It has been more than a year since the result of the EU referendum was announced, and since then there has been a lot of debate about the timing of the formal process of leaving the EU and how to deal with the implications for the Welsh economy and the future relationship with the rest of the UK.
Mae'r rhaglen deledu arall o'r '80au - pa un yw'r Bilidowcar - yn y gael eisiau eich help chi ymestyn am y sbiendrych ac agor y drws.
Alex Baptiste scored the only goal of the game as Preston beat Norwich to move into the Championship play-off places and end the Canaries' unbeaten home run of six games in a row.Â£12m-rated Preston North End moved into the top half of the table with victory.
A man is being sought by police investigating the deaths of two cows in Conwy county has been described as a "heavy-set" man with "curly brown hair" and a "large frame" in a police appeal for help in finding his identity.
Three schools at the centre of the so-called Trojan Horse affair have been told they face closure unless they make "urgent changes" to their running or face being taken out of the hands of the education minister, the BBC has learned from the Department for Education.
Aberdeen have signed Liverpool goalkeeper Ryan McLaughlin on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to Pittodrie on a permanent deal in the summer of 2017.Â£1.5m is the fee for the right-back.
A GP who punched a patient who punched him three times to the head in an unprovoked attack has been suspended from the profession for two months, a tribunal has ruled after hearing he was "affected by the actions of his inner chimp" at the time of the attack.
A 15-year-old boy has died after being stabbed in the neck in a "busy area" of Leeds, prompting a murder investigation by police and the ambulance service, it has been confirmed to the Met's Chief Medical Officer for England and Wales (CAM).
Spencer Matthews has thanked fans for their support after winning the cow bell trophy in the final of The Jump at London's O2 Arena on Sunday night, saying he was "thrilled" to win the competition for the second year in a row.
Lethal Weapon is to be remade for TV by US network Fox, it has been announced, following the success of its sequel to the hit film franchise in the 1980s and 1990s, according to reports from the Hollywood Reporter and Deadline.com.
Australia's James Faulkner became the sixth Australian to take a one-day international hat-trick as Sri Lanka beat the tourists in the second game of the series on Sunday.Â£1.5m prize money is on offer for the final match of the tri-series.
The UK government has banned five jihadist groups, including the Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant (IS), from entering the country, in a bid to tackle the threat posed by the so-called Islamic State (IS) and other groups fighting in Syria and Iraq.
Estonia, a small country on the Baltic Sea, is the largest of the three Baltic states - Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania - and one of the smallest countries in the European Union, with a population of just under 3.5 million people, according to the 2011 census.
Councillors in Dumfries and Galloway are to hold a public consultation on plans to upgrade the town's secondary schools and make them safer and easier to access for pupils and staff to access from the town centre.Â£500,000 of funding has been secured for the project, it has been announced.
Russell Slade is to leave his role as Cardiff City manager at the end of the season after the Bluebirds missed out on a play-off place in the Championship play-offs, BBC Wales Sport has learned from the club's chief executive that the club want to "take the club forward".
A police helicopter crew member who secretly filmed naturists having sex in a caravan on a South Yorkshire campsite has been jailed for six months.Former officer Paul Pogmore has been given a 12-month suspended sentence for misconduct in a public office and gross misuse of a public resource.
The Northern Ireland Assembly's justice committee has received a letter from the head of the Law Society claiming it has information about the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio.The committee has said it is keen to see it "very soon" as part of its inquiry into the deal.
The body of Spanish banker Ignacio Echeverría, who was killed in the London terror attack, will be flown back to Madrid on Saturday, his family and friends have confirmed to the Spanish media, after his body arrived in the country on a state plane.
England's Martin Kaymer has been forced to withdraw from the Open Championship at Royal Birkdale after a disastrous final round of three-over-par 76.com.com to leave him in a tie for the final place in the field at the halfway stage.
Former X Factor judge Jade Jones has given birth to her first child, a baby boy, it has been confirmed to the BBC One One show host and TV presenter, who is pregnant with her second son, her agent has said in a statement to BBC Wales.
Plans have been unveiled for a glass lift and glass gondola on the top of the North Tower of the Humber Bridge to give visitors more access to the North York Moorside Suspension Bridge, which was officially opened 35 years ago this month.
How much do you remember about the news in Wales over the past 12 months that has happened in the world of news and current affairs in the BBC News NI news app this year? Take our quiz to find out how much you know about the biggest stories of the year ahead.
Bromley moved into the National League play-off places with a 1-0 win over Torquay United at Hayes Lane, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time because of a late penalty miss by Lee Minshull and a lacklustre second-half display.
Labour is promising to give grandparents 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave to help care for their grandchildren, if it wins power in May's general election, in a bid to attract more women to the party's "women's rights movement" in the coming years and end "men-only" politics.
Olympic silver medallist Sarah Tait has died at the age of 36, her family has confirmed. She was a member of the Australian Rowing team at London 2012.Â£1.5m has been donated to the Australian Olympic Rowing Foundation.
The play Richard III is to be performed at Leicester Cathedral next to the grave of King Richard III in July, despite opposition from campaigners.The Dean of Leicester Cathedral has defended the decision, saying it would be "sensitive" to the late monarch's resting place.
The new chair of the Public Services Complaints Commission for Wales has been announced by the Welsh Government.The new chief executive of a housing association has said he wants to improve the way services are delivered in Wales and improve the quality of life for people's health and education.
A Belfast-based rocket engine company, which had been hailed as a success for Northern Ireland, has gone into liquidation with the loss of more than 100 jobs, it has been announced on the website of the BBC News NI website and Facebook page, with the closure of its offices.
New Zealand ran in eight tries as they thrashed France to reach the World Cup quarter-finals and end their opponents' hopes of a third straight win at a World Cup for the first time since 2006.France's World Cup hopes suffered a major blow as they were knocked out of the tournament in the last 16.
The Peruvian space agency has launched its first satellite, PerúSAT-1, which will provide unprecedented views of the country's most remote areas. It has returned its first images of the Peruvian capital, Lima, from a height of 695km (400 miles).
Turkey's prime minister has warned that military action against the so-called Islamic State (IS) group in Syria and Iraq could lead to "consequences" in the region, according to Turkish media reports, quoting the country's prime minster as he told newspaper editors.
West Ham United has been ordered to reveal the commercial terms of its deal to rent out the Olympic Stadium to the London Legacy Development Corporation (LLDC) for the next five years, the BBC has learned.Â£1.5m of public money will be spent on renting out the stadium.
Jockey Michelle Payne is to be investigated by racing authorities after testing positive for an an anabolic steroid, it has been confirmed by stewards in Australia.Â£1m-rated Melbourne Cup winner Michelle Payne has been banned from racecourses for six weeks.
West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players after their Europa League exit, despite being left "angry and frustrated" by his side's failure to reach the second qualifying round for the first time in three years.Â£5m-rated Astra Giurgiu beat them in the second leg of their tie.
Sri Lanka's Prime Minister Ranil Wickremesinghe has said that mangroves sequester 15 million tonnes of carbon, and are worth more than $2.9bn (Â£2.4bn) to the nation's economy.Â£1.5bn is the value of mangrove forests, according to a UN report.
Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admitted his side "ran out of legs" as they lost the Scottish Cup final to Celtic for the first time since returning to the club for pre-season training on Monday."It was a tough day for us," said the Dons boss.
The voluntary London living wage has become the first in the UK to be set at a higher rate than the national minimum wage, the mayor's office has said.The National Living Wage will not be enforced in the capital, it has been announced, despite more than 700 employers agreeing to it.
Pamela Geller is a conservative American blogger and self-styled "right-wing extremist" who has become a lightning rod for controversy over her views on Islam, abortion, abortion and same-sex marriage, as well as her opposition to the removal of the Dome of the Rock.
Former McLaren boss Ron Dennis Wurz has been offered the role of managing the Manor Formula 1 team, which will be run by ex-McLaren driver Ron Dennis Ryan, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport's Tom D'Aloisio and the BBC Sport website.
The gap between rich and poor in Latin America is the largest in the world, according to a new United Nations study, which suggests that the region's cities are the most unequal in the Americas region, with the richest 20% of the population earning 20 times more than the poorest.
South Korea's Byeong-moon An In-kyung shot a five-under-par 65 to win the PGA Championship at Baltusrol by six shots in his home country for the second time in as many years and secure his place in the world's top 60.
Aberdeen's hopes of qualifying for the Europa League second qualifying round suffered a setback as they were beaten 2-0 by Fola Esch in the second leg of their Europa League first qualifying round tie at Pittodrie on Tuesday night, with the Dons' hopes of reaching the last 16 all but ended.
Conor McGregor has said he will return to the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) after being dropped from the main event at UFC 200, ending speculation he had quit the sport.Â£200,000-rated UFC featherweight champion Daniel Cormier says he will fight at the event.
Vincenzo Nibali won stage 16 of the Giro d'Italia as Tom Dumoulin was forced to abandon the race because of illness on the penultimate stage of the race in Bormio di Tuscany, Italy, losing more than two minutes.
A door painted with the portrait of a former Cheltenham shopkeeper is to be restored to its former glory after it disappeared from the town centre for more than a quarter of a century, its daughter-in-law has said, after a campaign to raise money for it.
Boris Johnson has been accused of a series of diplomatic missteps in the space of a few days - and he is not the first foreign secretary to be accused of misbehaving in this way - but he is certainly the most likely to be caught up in the latest episode.
US President Barack Obama has nominated his nominee to be the next director of the FBI, a position he held as a deputy attorney general under President George W Bush in the early 2000s, the White House has said in a statement.The nominee has said he "can't wait" to return to work with the FBI.
A row of Victorian beach huts in North Yorkshire is to be restored with a £500,000 grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund to help boost seaside tourism in the county and encourage visitors to visit the coast in the South West and North East of England.
The Russian military says it has found no way to retrieve data from the flight recorders of a Russian jet shot down by Turkey last month, after opening the "black box" of the aircraft's wreckage to the public for the first time in two years, in a bid to find out what happened.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Wednesday's first practice session at the Isle of Man TT as he was joined by a number of other riders in topping the timesheets in the Senior Classic class on the opening day of racing at this year's event.
The president of Australia's Human Rights Commission (HRC) has said she rejected an offer of a job with the government after a report criticised the government's treatment of asylum seekers in detention centres, local media report, but the PM has denied that she was asked to resign.
Twin-to-twin births are to be monitored at a Glasgow hospital in a bid to increase the number of babies born with a rare genetic condition that can cause them to be born with one parent's blood to be mixed with the other's own.
Welsh cyclist Lizzie King says she is considering a return to the Great Britain team pursuit squad for the 2018 Commonwealth Games in the road event in the Netherlands next year."I miss racing on the track," says the two-time Olympic gold medallist.
When Pakistani social media star Qandeel Baloch posted a video of herself "twerking" in public for the first time, she was hailed as an inspiration to women who were "tired of being ashamed of their bodies" and a role model for those "hated" by society.
The Polish Institute of National Remembrance (INR) has published a list of Nazi death camp guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau in Nazi-occupied Poland in World War II.The institute hopes the list will help clear up confusion about the camp's origins.
Olympic silver medallist and world number one ranked judo fighter James D'Aquila says he was inspired to take up the sport at the age of 15 by the success of his friend and fellow judo star Chris Mears in the 2008 Beijing Games.
Leicester City manager Claudio Ranieri says he needs "gladiators" to lead his side out in the "fight until the end" after his side's shock FA Cup defeat at 10-man Millwall left them without a win in eight games this season.
An 85-year-old woman has died after the car she was travelling in crashed into a wall in Manchester city centre, police have said, leaving four other people in hospital with injuries, one of which is life-threatening, in a serious condition.Â£1.5m worth of damage.
Hundreds of people have joined a search for a woman who went missing after leaving a nightclub in Swindon in the early hours of the morning and is believed to have got lost in a forest in Wiltshire.A £20,000 reward has been offered for information to find her.
The Department of Health is to invest an extra £2m in the autism diagnosis and treatment system over the next three years to help deal with an increase in demand for specialist help for children with the condition, the health minister has announced in the new year's budget.
A World War Two torpedo has been found in Portsmouth harbour, causing disruption to ferry services in and out of the city centre, the MoD has said.A controlled explosion has been carried out after it was found to be a World War II torpedo.Â£500,000 worth of explosives.
Labour and Plaid Cymru AMs have said they are "confident" they can reach a deal to form a minority Welsh Government next week, after talks aimed at appointing a new first minister failed to break the deadlock in the assembly last week.
Russian Prime Minister Dmitry Medvedev has told the Munich Security Conference that Russia is the "worst threat" to the Nato alliance, and that he fears a Cold War-style conflict could happen again."Sometimes I wonder if this is 2016 or 1962," he said.
A new species of shrimp has been named after the band Pink Floyd after scientists discovered a species with a unique ability to produce a loud sound similar to the band's iconic Pink Floyd album The Wall, it has been announced in the journal of Zootaxa.
Scientists have created a super-sticky glue based on the mucus of a slug, which they say could be used to stick medical instruments to wounds and organs.Experts say it could revolutionise the way we care for our bodies and help us live longer, healthier lives.
A company that runs NHS 111 and out-of-hours services in parts of Norfolk and Cambridgeshire is "not clinically assured" of the safety of the service, according to a leaked report by a health watchdog, the BBC has learned.The NHS has been told it must make improvements to the service by the end of December.
Two British backpackers who survived a boat crash in Indonesia by swimming for eight hours to the shore before being rescued by fishermen are "fine", their mother has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire weather channel from the island where they were stranded for more than a week.
An advert has been put up for sale on Rightmove looking for a buyer for a derelict former hospital building in Denbighshire which is set to be auctioned off for £1.5m by the end of the month.Â£500,000 is expected to be paid for the property.
McLaren's performance at the Spanish Grand Prix is not good enough, according to Ron Dennis, the team's co-owner and chairman, and the chairman of McLaren Formula 1's governing body, the FIA, as they prepare for the final race of the season.
Thieves have made off with a "substantial" amount of money in a "disgraceful" theft at a Sea Cadets base in Aberdeenshire, Police Scotland have said in a new appeal to find the culprits who carried out the theft.
The Mormon Tabernacle Choir and the Radio City Rockettes are to perform at Donald Trump's inauguration next month, it has been announced, despite criticism from some celebrities who have said they will not perform at the event if he is re-elected as US president.
The captain of a boat which crashed into a tug boat in London, injuring nine people, did not take immediate action to avoid the collision, a report has found.The crew were unaware of the number of passengers on board and the helmsman was a sightseeing guide.
Police investigating the murder of a woman who was found dead at her home in County Down have appealed for information about a bonfire in the town on Monday night which may have been the scene of a disturbance earlier in the week, and a possible arson attack on the same night.
A Pembrokeshire man who stabbed himself in the neck after being sexually assaulted in court has been remanded in custody after his case was adjourned for a report on whether he is mentally unfit to stand trial, a court has heard, due to a lack of time to assess him.
The Venice Film Festival has announced its full line-up for this year's event, with director Wim Wenders and screen adaptations from Tom Ford and Terrence Malick leading the way.Â£1.5m in prize money will be awarded to the best film of the festival.
Uganda's main opposition leader Kizza Besigye has accused President Yoweri Museveni of "fear and intimidation" after failing to win a third term in office in elections he won by a large margin on Sunday, calling the vote a "sham".
The family of a trainee teacher who died in a car crash have paid tribute to their "inspirational" daughter, saying she will be "sorely missed, never forgotten" and "impossible to replace" in their lives and leave a "mark on everyone she met".
Scotland's hopes of reaching the World Cup quarter-finals suffered a major setback as they were outclassed by South Africa in a brutal encounter at St James' Park in Johannesburg, South Africa's second-hardest win of this year's tournament so far, with the hosts leading by 17 points.
Spain's banks will need a further 59bn euros ($64bn; Â£52bn) from eurozone rescue funds to plug a hole in their finances, according to an audit of the country's banks, or almost 6% of its GDP, the European Commission says.
"I'm a bit like Jason Bourne," says Johanna Konta with a smile, "but I'm not a bit of a daredevil, I'm just a bit more of a naturalised citizen of the United States."The British number one is not the first person to say that, but she is the most qualified.
Oscar-winning actress and singer Liza Minnelli has cancelled two concerts in the UK after a dispute with her promoter, it has been announced on the eve of her scheduled appearances in London and Sheffield, reports the Press Association news agency and the London Evening Standard.
A man has been questioned by police investigating the death of notorious criminal John "Goldfinger" Palmer, who was shot dead in a "professional hit", Essex Police have said in a statement to the BBC Newsnight website on the anniversary of his death.Â£25m worth of gold was stolen in the Brink's-Mat robbery in 1983.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of the murder of a woman who died after being found seriously injured at her north London flat.Police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was stabbed to death in a "suspected murder" in the early hours of the morning.
In the wake of the Finsbury Park attack, there has been a lot of discussion on social media about the role of the internet in tackling hate speech, and how it should be policed more closely than it is right now, and the issue of what to do about hateful material on the internet has become the subject of much debate.
Philip Steele, the youngest victim of the Hillsborough disaster, was pushed towards the goal during the first crush, a witness has told the inquests into the deaths of the 96 football fans has told a second witness at the site of the disaster."All I could see was the sky" as he fell to the floor, the jury has heard.
A look back at some of the top entertainment stories over the past seven days, as the BBC looks back at the best of the year's entertainment news and entertainment news, with some of our favourite stories from the BBC News app for iPhone, iPad, Android and smart phones.
Ex-Leyton Orient winger Dean Cox says he is "not able to do my job" as he waits to find a new club after being unable to play in the English Football League for the next four months because of a knee injury."I didn't really want to leave but I felt like I had no choice," he says.
Chelsea defender David Luiz is set to leave the club to join Paris St-Germain for a fee in the region of £30m, subject to passing a medical and agreeing personal terms, the Premier League champions have confirmed on their website on Monday.
The founder of Kids Company has said the government was "bullying" the charity after it received millions of pounds in public money despite repeated warnings about its financial management and financial problems, the public spending watchdog has said in its first report into the collapse of the charity.
The family of a Bristol man who went missing on the French Riviera have said they have been "kept in the dark" about the missing body parts of their missing son, an inquest has been told by the coroner in Monaco has been opened and adjourned for a second time.
Mercedes drivers Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg say they will be looking to extend their lead in the world title race at the Spanish Grand Prix as they try to overhaul Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel and Red Bull's Kimi Raikkonen for the first time this season.
An Alabama teenager who has been missing for 13 years has been identified as a missing child from the state, police say, and his father has been charged with child endangerment and tampering with records in the US state of Ohio, US media reports say, according to local media.
The Forestry Commission is to be asked to look at ways of making Wales' forests "work harder" in order to increase their public benefit, the environment minister has told the BBC Wales news programme Wales Today programme in a bid to avoid "stagnancy" in the estate.
The amount of drama being shown on the main UK TV channels has fallen sharply, according to Ofcom's annual review of public service broadcasting (PSB) in the last five years, despite the success of big budget shows like Doctor Who and Downton Abbey.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said it is not "helpful" for people to give a "running commentary" on the investigation into the death of Azeem Bayoh, who was shot dead by police in Inverness last year.Â£1m compensation claims have been made by the family of the man who died.
The route of the Olympic torch relay has been announced for the first three weeks of its UK tour ahead of the 2012 Games in London, with events in Hull, Bridlington, Grimsby and Scunthorpe among those taking part in the relay.
The US Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) has accused Wikileaks of being "not exactly a bastion of truth and integrity", after the whistle-blowing website said it was going to publish more details of its hacking programme.Â£1bn worth of malware developed by the US intelligence agency could be used to attack computer systems.
Ulsan, in South Korea, is one of the world's biggest shipbuilding towns, but it is hard to find a place to call home in the modern world where you feel like you are not part of the past, but part of a new future.
The father of a woman who died in a house fire in Denbighshire has told an inquest he will "hurt for the rest of my days" to think of what he did not do to prevent her from dying from carbon monoxide poisoning, an inquest has heard.
British Cycling is celebrating its 100th anniversary this year, and it's been a great year for the sport in the UK, with the team winning the European Championships in London and the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow, Scotland, and the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.
Scientists are increasingly turning to animals as models for testing new drugs on humans, as part of their efforts to develop new treatments for serious diseases and disorders.Â£1.5bn is spent each year on research into drugs that could transform our understanding of how the body works.
Thousands of Army personnel are to lose their jobs in the next round of cuts announced as part of a drive to save £38bn from the defence budget, the government has said, amid concerns about the impact on soldiers' morale.Labour has said it is a "worrying day" for soldiers and their families.
A project which aims to raise awareness of the power of people with disabilities has been launched in Wrexham as part of a national project to raise funds for disabled people in Wales and around the world to support those who need it most in the arts and education sector.
Eder Varela scored a stoppage-time equaliser as the USA came from behind to draw 2-2 with Portugal and leave themselves in danger of missing out on a place in the last 16 at the World Cup in Brazil's Amazon rainforest.
British Rowing is investigating bullying claims made against one of its most successful coaches, it has been confirmed by the sport's governing body UK Sport has told the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme on Thursday.Â£1m is to be spent on an independent review of its World Class Programme.
Scientists have developed stem cells that are able to produce cancer-killing toxins at the site of a brain tumour, a study has shown in the first animal trials.Â£1.5bn could be spent on treating brain tumours in the next five years, say US scientists.
A man has been found guilty of causing "significant and permanent" injuries to a girl and her younger brother by careless driving after they were hit by a car on a Leeds dual carriageway, leaving them both with permanent brain damage and eye damage, a court heard.
A British man has set a new world record for the most consecutive bounces on a pogo stick at the top of the world's highest-ever jumping height of 88,000 feet (36,000m).Â£10,000 has been raised for charity by the man who broke the record.
Plans for a new railway station in Reading have been given the go-ahead by the council to speed up the construction of a stop on the M4 motorway to ease congestion around the city's Green Park area, where football fans go to watch their team play.
A police appeal has been launched to find a car that has been missing from a Hertfordshire garage for more than 20 years after it was last seen in the area 20 years ago, it is understood by the family of the last known owner of the vehicle.
As England Under-20 World Cup-winning striker Jess Mead prepares to play in the Women's Super League for the first time in her career, she is hoping to follow in the footsteps of some of her country's best female footballers and reach the top flight of the English game.
Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchnerve has called for an investigation into the murder of a transgender woman, calling it a "horrible crime" and "a crime against all women and all people in all walks of life" in the country.
Worcester Warriors scrum-half Alex Bower has signed a new contract with the Premiership club, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season, BBC Radio Worcester Sport has been told by the player's club.ÂÂ¦
A third cat has died and two others have been put down after suspected poisoning in Carmarthenshire, prompting a warning from the RSPCA to pet owners to take their pets to the vet immediately if they suspect they have been affected by the illness of another animal.
Benik Afobe is set to play for the Democratic Republic of Congo at the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon, despite not being eligible to represent his native England at the age of 17 because of a dual nationality issue, reports BBC Radio Kinshasa.
Channel 4 is to switch off its youth channel E4 on polling day in a bid to encourage more young people to go to the polls to vote in the general election, it has been announced - with the help of a special election-themed episode of Hollyoaks.
A film about the 1984 miners' strike in Neath Port Talbot has had its world premiere in London's West End, and is now on its way to the UK release in Swansea and the rest of the UK on 12 September, where it will open in cinemas across the country.
A suicide bomber has killed at least 26 people at a football match in the Iraqi town of Iskandariya, near the Syrian border, police and medical officials say.The death toll from Friday's attack has risen to at least 84, with many more wounded, including the mayor.
Saudi Arabia has announced plans to build more than 1,000 new tourist resorts along the Red Sea coastline, as part of a drive to attract foreign visitors to the country's oil-rich Gulf state, the state-linked investment fund Saudi Arabia Vision 2030 has said.
A Citroën car dealership has been severely damaged after a fire broke out at the site, the fire service has said, with "significant" damage to the building's roof and "structural damage" to a nearby car park and car showroom.
Bristol Rovers extended their unbeaten run to five games with a goalless draw at Fleetwood Town in the League One play-off semi-final first round.Goals from both sides were not enough to secure victory for either side at the Crown Oil Arena.
A United Nations committee has called on the Northern Ireland Executive to promote a fully integrated education system and to decriminalise abortion in Northern Ireland in all circumstances, in its latest report on the rights of children and young people in the UK and Northern Ireland's education system.
A woman has been charged with causing the death of a 75-year-old woman who died after being hit by a car in a shopping centre car park in Teesside last year.Â£10,000 in fines and costs have been issued to her family and friends.
The original album sleeve for The Beatles' Sgt Pepper album is one of the most valuable pieces of music memorabilia in the world, according to a new list of the top 10 most valuable album sleeves of the past 50 years.Â£1,000 is the most expensive item on the list.
Juan Martin del Potro reached the third round of Wimbledon for the first time in his career with a thrilling win over Stan Wawrinka in the second round on Centre Court on Wednesday.Â£7.5m is on offer for the Argentine after he reached his first Grand Slam quarter-final.
A small earthquake has struck in central Italy, with tremors felt across the region where a deadly earthquake killed more than 300 people in 2009, scientists say.The tremors were felt as far away as Milan and in the capital, Rome, and the capital's schools were evacuated.
Northern Ireland's hoteliers have been urged to come up with a strategy to help the local economy grow and attract more visitors to Northern Ireland.Â£1bn of investment is expected in the sector over the next five years, according to the Hotels Federation.
Two people have been charged over the death of a three-year-old boy whose body was pulled from a lake at a water park after being found in difficulty in the water last year, police have said in a court filing in Leicester.Â£20,000 bail has been set aside for their bail.
It’s not often that you’ll hear Disney talking about how they’re going to use technology to bring their much-loved storytellers to the next generation of entertainment, but at the Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas on Saturday, they did just that.
Glasgow Warriors pair Tommy Seymour and Tim Swinson have signed new three-year contracts with the Pro12 champions, keeping them at Scotstoun until the end of the 2019-20 season, with the option of a further 12 months in the club's favour.
Leeds United have signed Manchester City striker Fernando Llorente on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent move to the Premier League club in the summer of 2018. Click here for all the latest transfer news and reaction to the deadline day moves.
A number of paintings believed to be by Adolf Hitler have been sold at auction in Germany for more than £100,000 (130,000 euros) - the highest price ever paid for a work by the Nazi dictator.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) has been paid for one painting alone.
A coalition of football fans has lost its campaign for a public inquiry into a deal to rent West Ham's Olympic Stadium from the taxpayer for up to £2.5m a year, the BBC has learned from a government spokesman for the stadium's owners.Â£15m will be paid in rent to the club.
Northern Ireland's finance minister has said she cannot move the budget bill required to allow Stormont officials to carry on spending money after the end of the current financial year in July.Sinn Féin has called for a joint meeting with the prime minister to try to resolve the political deadlock.
Scotland head coach Vern Cotter has urged his players to learn from their thrashing by France as they prepare for this summer's World Cup in England and return to winning ways at the World Cup finals in the autumn internationals in Japan.Â£1m-worth of damage has been done to their World Cup preparations, says the former Lions boss.
Aberdeen Shorewatch volunteer has captured a "stunning" picture of a dolphin attacking a harbour porpoise in the Moray Firth, prompting a warning about the behaviour of bottlenose dolphins in the waters around the Aberdeenshire city.
Gambian President Yahya Jammeh has vowed to "wipe out" almost 82% of the workforce in the next five years unless they change their attitude to work, in his first televised address since winning a third term in office last month.The Gambia's president has said he will go to jail if they refuse to work.
A fire that gutted a 17th Century hall in Manchester is being treated as arson, police have said, but have not said how large the blaze was or if it was started deliberately or if anyone was responsible for the damage caused by an electrical fault in the building.
A wind turbine has collapsed in County Londonderry in the Republic of Ireland, killing at least one person and injuring at least two others, the fire service has said.Â£500,000 worth of damage has been caused by the collapse of the wind turbine.
A major power cut in the centre of the Ukrainian capital Kiev that affected more than 200,000 people last year has been linked to a hack attack on a substation, according to a cyber-security company investigating the incident, which it says was carried out by Russian security services.
Olympic gold medallist Jessica Ennis-Hill has been made a dame by the Prince of Wales at Buckingham Palace at a ceremony to mark the Queen's 90th birthday on Wednesday night, the first woman to receive a knighthood in the New Year Honours.
Fox has appointed Jack Abernethy and Bill Shine to succeed Roger Ailes as chief executives of its Fox News Channel and Fox Business Network, the company has said in a filing to the US media regulator.Â£1bn (Â£700m) is to be spent on hiring new executives to succeed him.
India's Supreme Court has blocked the extradition of one of two Italian marines accused of killing two fishermen in 2012 in the southern Indian state of Kerala, in a ruling that could delay the trial of the other two men by up to a year.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) in damages.
Muhammad Ali's death has led to an outpouring of tributes on social media from around the world, with hundreds of memes and images being shared on Twitter in memory of the late boxing legend and civil rights activist who died on Friday aged 74 on Friday night.
The Met Police's "ghost squad" unit, which investigated the so-called "plebgate" affair, is no longer a secret, but the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme has learned more about how the force's internal affairs department deals with allegations of corruption.
The mayor of London has written to the prime minister urging her to back a second runway at Gatwick Airport in the long-running debate over the UK's next airport expansion plans, in a letter to the Conservative Party conference in Birmingham.Â£2bn should be spent on a third runway at Heathrow, the mayor has said.
Former Guernsey minister David Parkinson has been re-elected as the new MP for St Peter Port North in a by-election held on the Isle of Wight on Thursday.Â£50,000 cost of the by-elections was "a very good result", according to the Electoral Office.
Canada has lifted a ban on imports of beef from the European Union, in a boost for struggling EU farmers hit by falling prices and the spread of Bovine spongiforme (BSE) in the 1990s.The EU has welcomed the move, saying it was a "significant milestone".
Brecon Barracks in Powys is to close in 2019, the Ministry of Defence has announced.The decision to close it has been described as "abhorrent" by an MP who fought in the Battle of Rorke's Drift 200 years ago.
Turkey's Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has been in the headlines recently over his government's decision to ban Twitter, a move critics say is a violation of the country's democracy and a threat to his rule of state power, but he has also been fighting his critics on several fronts.
The Duke of Kent has been discharged from hospital after being treated for a suspected broken hip and ankle ligament damage, Kensington Palace has confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website, which first reported the injury.Â£1.5m of public money has been raised for the Royal Family.
The Scottish government is funding a project aimed at getting more black and minority ethnic women into work by improving their English language skills and employability skills, the Scottish government has said in a press release from the Scottish Office for Youth and Women's Employment (SAFE).
The authorities in the northern Brazilian state of Amazonas say they have made progress in the search for more than 200 inmates who escaped from two prisons in the city of Manaus on 1 January, in the wake of a deadly riot that left 56 inmates dead and dozens more injured.
Shane Williams has left Ospreys to play rugby union in Japan for the first time since retiring from international rugby at the end of the 2015-16 season after turning down a new deal with the Welsh region to stay with the region next year."Last-minute offer" was the reason for his move to Japan.
(Close): Shares in mining companies fell sharply on Friday, with shares in Fresnillo and Randgold among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 index of leading shares in the UK and across Europe, after a sharp fall in the price of gold hit investor sentiment.
A UK ticket-holder has won a £24.6m Euromillions jackpot, the second largest prize in the UK this year, after winning a £19.8m jackpot on Friday night's draw.The winner has been identified and will be notified by lottery officials.
Chinese police have arrested a fifth suspect in connection with Thursday's deadly attack on a market in the western province of Xinjiang, state media report.The death toll from the attack has risen to eight, with the arrest of a sixth suspect, state-run Xinhua news agency says.
The discovery of the body of a three-year-old boy in a river in Aberdeenshire leads the front pages of most of Scotland's newspapers on Thursday morning, while a multi-million pound funding "black hole" has been exposed in a flagship Scottish government plan to safeguard the NHS.
Maxine Peake, Jeremy Lucas and Elaine Paige are among the stars who will appear in a new BBC One adaptation of William Shakespeare's The Dream, written by Russell T Davies.Â£1m production of the play is to be broadcast next year, it has been announced.
A schoolgirl who wrote to the BBC to complain about Big Ben's "bongs" has been told it would be "quite a task" for her to replace the chimes at the end of the famous clockwork tower while it is in the dark.
A man's body has been found in a wooded area of Northamptonshire, police have said, in what is believed to be the murder of a man who has been missing for more than two-and-a-half-years, possibly more.
There was "no possibility" of an alternative outcome for an inmate who died in prison custody after being found unconscious in his cell, the Prison Ombudsman has said in a report into his death.Â£1,000 worth of painkilling drugs were found in his system at the time of his death, a report has found.
Archaeologists have uncovered what are thought to be some of the remains of a medieval cemetery during an excavation of a former railway line site in Peterborough city centre, it has been revealed to the BBC.Â£1m worth of human remains have been found.
Canada's Liberal government has dropped a legal challenge to a ruling that barred women from wearing the Islamic veil known as the "niqab" when applying for citizenship.Â£1.2m (C$1.4m; $1.6m) in damages will not be paid to a Muslim woman who won the case.
A tiny island off the coast of Japan is being visited by thousands of tourists each year, but it is also home to some of the world's rarest cats.Â£1m worth of tourists visiting the island in the past year, according to the Japanese government.
Oscar-winning actress Keira Knightley and musician James Righton have married in a small village in southern France, the mayor of the French town where they live together has said in a press release that it was a "very moving" wedding day for both of them.
Labour would give an extra £10 a week to carers who give up their jobs to look after elderly relatives, the party's leader is to say, in a speech to mark the start of a three-year drive to improve social care in England and Wales.
Justin Bieber has been arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence after a pedestrian was hit by his car in Los Angeles, US police have said, leaving the man in hospital with "non life-threatening" injuries and three other people arrested on a suspicion of public mischief.
The UK's vote to leave the European Union has dominated the front pages of European newspapers, with commentators warning of the dangers of populism, and of the need for reform of the bloc in the wake of the UK's decision to quit the EU and the rise of far-right parties.
Edinburgh moved up to sixth in the Pro12 with a bonus-point win over Newport Gwent Dragons at Rodney Parade to boost their hopes of a top-six finish in the competition for the first time this season.Â£1.5m-winning bonus point was enough to move them to within a point of leaders Glasgow Warriors.
A French court has sentenced a woman to 15 years in prison for murdering her two children and burying them in the back garden of her parents' home in the south-east of the country, in what is thought to be the country's first case of its kind.
Sale Sharks' hopes of reaching the European Champions Cup quarter-finals suffered a major blow as they were comprehensively beaten by Clermont Auvergne at the Stade Gilbert Brutus in France on Saturday.Â£3m Sale's hopes of a top-four finish are now all but over after they lost to the French side.
The Scottish government remains "absolutely committed" to its Named Person scheme, the deputy first minister is to tell MSPs in Holyrood next week, despite a Supreme Court ruling on the scheme.Â£1.5m of funding has been earmarked for the scheme, it has emerged.
The family of a French student who has been missing for more than a week have made a fresh appeal for information about his last known movements as police continue to search for him in the city where he was last seen a week ago, it has been confirmed to BBC Scotland.
An app that lets users send "yo" messages to friends has been taken over by security experts after a security flaw was discovered in the app, its creator has said - but it is not known if the flaw has been fixed or how it will be fixed.
In Scotland, pubs are not so much about drinking as they are about listening to music, and there are many ways of doing that.Â£1,000 is a lot of money to spend in a pub, but there are also ways to spend it, and it depends which way you go.
A project asking businesses in Snowdonia to ask visitors for a small donation to help fund community projects has been given a boost by businesses in the north Wales mountain range, the Snowdonian Mountain Club has said, as part of its 50th anniversary celebrations.
President Barack Obama's former national security adviser has hit back at claims she sought the names of Trump administration officials who were caught up in the Russia investigation, saying it was the intelligence community's job to determine the importance of intelligence reports, and not her job to request the names.
Ex-MP Eric Joyce has been found guilty of assaulting two teenage boys in a supermarket, in an attack caught on CCTV by a shopkeeper who tried to stop them from running away from a row over a drink in the store's car park, a court has heard.
Chris Gayle and Kieron Pollard hit 16 sixes off 16 balls as West Indies thrashed Australia to reach the final of the World Twenty20 and set up a meeting with Sri Lanka in the semi-final of the Champions Trophy in Colombo.Â© AFP
Ivory Coast expect Wilfried Zaha to be allowed to play for their national team, says the Ivorian Football Association, despite England manager Gareth Southgate saying he is "hopeful" he will be able to speak to the winger about switching to the national team.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he will continue to work with Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale after the Holyrood election, despite criticism of her performance in the party's leaders' debate in Glasgow on Thursday night in which she was booed.Â£1.5m of donations to the SNP were booed by the audience.
Matt McManus scored twice as Greenock Morton eased to victory over Alloa Athletic in the Scottish League One promotion play-off semi-final first leg at Cappielow on Saturday night in front of a sell-out crowd of 37,000 at the Showgrounds.
Changes to the way milk is produced in the UK are coming into force today, which could have a huge impact on the dairy industry and the price farmers get paid for their milk, as well as the amount they can get paid to produce it, writes Newsbeat's Dan Goodfellow.
Labour's Sadiq Khan has been elected as the new mayor of London, the party has announced, as the UK election results continue to be counted in a mixed night for the UK's main political parties in the wake of the Scottish and UK general election results.
Southport chairman Gary Clapham has resigned after the club was relegated from the National League, with director Paul Shrouder stepping down from his role.The club's board will seek new investors to take a controlling interest in the club, says chairman Gary Shropshire.
A riot at a Maruti Suzuki factory in northern India has left at least one person dead and dozens injured in a dispute over workers' pay and conditions, officials have told the BBC's Shilpa Kannan in the state of Haryana (Calcutta).
Wales scrum-half Ken Owens believes relegation to the Six Nations Championship should not be introduced before the next tournament, even if it is introduced in two years' time, rather than in the short-term for the 2017 Six Nations, when Wales face Italy on Saturday.
A man has been threatened with a gun during a carjacking in County Antrim and a robbery at a shop in County Londonderry in the early hours of the morning, police have said in a report to the procurator fiscal (PCC).
The Duchess of Cambridge has led the first notes of Beethoven's fifth symphony on the final day of their tour of Germany.The Duke and Duchess have also given Prince George and Princess Charlotte a guided tour of a helicopter and a concert in Hamburg, Germany.
Sierra Leone has declared a three-day lockdown of the capital, Freetown, and all other towns and cities to try to contain the spread of the deadly Ebola virus, as health workers and volunteers arrive in the country to help fight the outbreak in the West African country.
Germany's Thomas Walz won Olympic gold in the men's kayak sprint final at the Canoe Slalom with a stunning performance in the final leg of the season-ending World Cup event in Doha, Qatar.Â£1.6m worth of gold medals were awarded to the three-time world champions.
A proposed upgrade of the main electricity line between Inverness and Stirling has been dropped by the National Grid, SSE has said.The company has said it will not be seeking planning permission for the project for the next two years, despite opposition from conservationists.
A Labour MP has resigned as Parliamentary Private Secretary after sharing an anti-Semitic Facebook post about Israel and the Middle East, the party has said in a statement to the BBC.The Board of Deputies of British Jews has called for an urgent meeting to discuss the "deeply troubling" comments.
A Polish man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for plotting to bomb the Polish parliament in Warsaw in 2011, killing at least 11 people.Â£1m ($1.2m; €1.4m) in explosives and wounding more than 100 others.
The International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) says it has seen activity at North Korea's Yongbyon nuclear reprocessing plant for the first time in more than a decade, according to satellite images from the country.Â£1bn-worth of fuel rods are being reprocessed at the plant, the agency says.
A koala named Bear Grylls survived a crash in Australia after it became stuck head-first in a car grill and became wedged between a car and the windscreen, its owner has said, reports the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme in Melbourne.
Leeds United have signed Swedish striker Jonas Antononsson from Swedish top-flight side Kalmar on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £2.5m, on a five-year contract.Â£1.8m has been paid in add-ons.
Walsall have signed former Falkirk defender Liam Leahy on a two-year deal after his contract with the Scottish Championship club was cancelled by mutual consent.Â£500,000 has been spent on the player by the Championship side Walsall, with the option of a further year.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of the Ebola virus, the World Health Organization (WHO) has announced, after the last known case tested negative for the disease for the second time in two weeks.Â£1bn worth of celebrations have been taking place in the West African country.
Germany's domestic intelligence agency, the BfV, has arrested a man accused of making Islamist statements on the internet under a false name and revealing information to the press, the agency has said in a statement to the BBC and other media outlets, citing a newspaper report.
Voters in Hong Kong go to the polls on Sunday to choose their new district councillors, in the first polls since last year's pro-democracy protests led to mass street protests in the territory's capital, which led to the resignation of the leader, CY Leung Chunying.
The Premier League is back topsy-turvy again after the international break, but there was still plenty of action on the final day of the season to make up for the disappointment of last weekend's shock defeat at home to West Ham United, which ended in a 1-1 draw.
French comedian Dieudonne has been detained on suspicion of inciting terrorism after he used the slogan "Je suis Charlie" (I am Charlie) to describe the Paris attacks, before posting on Facebook that he was "feeling like Amedy Coulibaly" - the man who killed four Jewish hostages.
The Home Office has apologised for spelling the word "language" incorrectly in a press release announcing a new requirement for Muslim women in the UK to speak English, saying it was a "regrettable typographical error" and it was "revoltingly wrong".
A four-year-old girl has died after being hit by a stone thrown by an elephant in a zoo enclosure in Morocco, the zoo where she was visiting has said it was "unpredictable" and "unlikely" the elephant was directly targeting the girl.
A man is being sought by police in connection with a serious assault in Ballymena, County Antrim, in the early hours of the morning hours of Sunday, in which a woman was taken to hospital in a critical condition and two other people were injured.
The introduction of 15 new Brexit bills before the UK leaves the EU will leave "very little space" for non-Brexit legislation, the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFG) has warned in its new report on the UK's exit from the European Union (EU).
Manchester City's Yaya Toure says Raheem Sterling "dived" for the ball during Sunday's 3-3 draw with Tottenham - but admitted the England forward would have "probably dive" to win the ball back if he had been in his own net.
Labour's fortunes in Wales are "at least as bad" as under Michael Foot's leadership as the party faces its worst crisis since the 1980s, ex-Welsh Secretary Robert Howells has said. But he remains optimistic about the future of the party in Wales.
Sale Sharks winger Denny Solomona is "good enough" to play for England, says Sharks director of rugby Steve Monye, who believes he could be a "world-beating" player for the national side in the future if given the chance.
Police Scotland has been heavily criticised in a report by the chief inspector of constabulary over its new national call-handling system following the deaths of two people in a car crash last year.The chief constable has said he is "deeply troubled" by the findings of the report.
The funeral of hairdresser Herbert Howe, known as "The King of Bling Bling", has taken place in his home city of Liverpool, where he was a fixture of the entertainment industry for more than half a century and became a local celebrity.
A volcano in Costa Rica has erupted for the first time in six years, sending plumes of smoke and ash into the sky over the capital and other parts of the country, health officials say, with some people suffering from breathing problems and other health problems, local media report.
Exeter City captain Lee Butterfield says his playing days at the club are "slowly coming to an end" as he prepares to take up a coaching role with Newcastle United next season."I'm not knocking on the door asking why I'm not playing every week, that's for sure."
A restaurant in Australia has become the first in the country to allow dogs to eat at its restaurant - and it's not just for humans! Check out this video of a dog eating a puppy dinner in Sydney!ÂÂÂ¬1,000,000 Australian dollars (Â£1.3m).
The Scottish government is to invest £20m in general practice over the next year, it has been announced, in a bid to ease the pressure on GPs in the country's hospitals and GP practices, the BBC Scotland news website has learned from the Scottish government.
Author Hilary Mantel has won a crime novel of the year award for her debut novel Someone Else's Skin, which tackles domestic violence and so-called honour crime in a "well plotted" novel about detective Marnie Rome, a crime writer has said.
The parents of a baby girl who was taken from them after she suffered a suspected brain haemorrhage have spoken of their "heartbreaking" experience of being treated like "monsters" by the hospital where she was being treated for a brain condition.
A court in Jerusalem has ordered an Australian woman accused of child sex abuse to receive treatment for panic attacks in a bid to speed up her extradition to face charges in her native Australia, Israeli officials have said, in a move hailed as a "victory" by Australia.
A paraglider has been airlifted to hospital with a serious leg injury after falling in the Mourne mountains in County Antrim, it has been confirmed by the Northern Ireland Air Ambulance Service (NIAS) and Mourne Mountain Rescue Team.
Supermarket prices for school uniforms have fallen by almost 20% in the last decade, but experts are warning that this is likely to be short-termist and unlikely to last much longer, as the price war between the big four UK chains intensifies in the summer holidays.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has just published its long awaited report on the profitability of public sector outsourcing contracts - and it's interesting to note that it doesn't quite make a compelling case that the government is being ripped off by the big four outsourcing companies it contracts with.
Sergio Garcia and Henrik Stenson are one shot off the lead after two rounds of the BMW PGA Championship at Wentworth, with the Spaniard one shot behind leader Jon Rahm.Â£1.3m leader Rahm and Stenson two shots off the pace.
The Cassini spacecraft has made its final close-up pass of Saturn's icy moon Titan, in its final attempt to answer some of the most burning questions about the gas giant's mysterious rings and its mysterious interior.Â£1bn mission to Saturn is coming to an end.
Hillary Clinton's foreign policy speech in San Diego, California, was supposed to be a chance for her to try to win over the Republican Party's moderate wing. Instead she made a direct appeal to the party's more conservative voters.Â£1.5bn worth of foreign policy experts predicted she would do just that on Thursday.
Shares in Mattel, the world's largest toy-maker, have risen on reports that it is in talks to buy rival Hasbro, the owner of the Barbie and My Little Pony brands, in a deal that would create one of the biggest toy-makers in the world.
A new group has been set up to tackle the spread of tuberculosis (TB) in Cheshire, with the aim of stopping the disease spreading to other parts of the UK, it has been claimed by a farmer who has lost five of his herd to the disease.
Tanzania is the largest producer of octopuses in the western Indian Ocean, according to UN data, but the appetite for the tiny creatures is growing on the island of Zanzibar, writes the BBC's Farai Sevenzo in Dar es Salaam.
Rik Jutting was a young British banker who had moved to Hong Kong from London, where he was working as an investment banker, when he killed two Indonesian women in his flat in the city's Mongkang district in the early hours of the morning of 7 October.
A decision on whether to allow fracking for shale gas in North Yorkshire is expected to be made by Northallerton councillors on Friday, despite opposition from local residents and environmental groups who say it would be "deeply unpopular" with the local community and could open the door to other sites.
Venezuela's army chief of staff has announced the arrest of two men accused of masterminding an attack on a military barracks last month that left three soldiers dead and eight others injured, including two soldiers and a police officer in hospital in the capital, Caracas.
A new agri-food marketing body is to be set up in Northern Ireland in a bid to improve the marketing of the region's food and drink industry, it has been announced.Â£1.5m funding for the new body will be made available to the industry.
Featherstone reached the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in their history with a hard-fought win over Championship side Halifax at the Halliwell Jones Stadium on Friday night to reach the last eight of the competition for the fourth year in a row.
A coroner has said he is "disappointed" that an inquest into the deaths of six Protestant workmen who were tortured and murdered by the IRA has been delayed for almost 40 years because of a lack of available resources in the Northern Ireland coroner's office for the case.
Children's services in Birmingham have been rated as "good" by the Care Quality Commission (CFC) following an inspection of the city council's children's services, but there are still areas where improvement is needed, the watchdog has said in a new report.
Five Commons select committee chairmen have written to Prime Minister David Cameron urging him to remove international students from the government's net migration target for the first time, in a bid to encourage more foreign students to come to the UK to work in higher education and develop ties with the UK.
IAAF president Lord Coe is to remain in charge of athletics, despite a damning report accusing him of being complicit in a "conspiracy and corruption" within the sport's world governing body, says the man who wrote the report into the scandal."There's an enormous amount of reputational recovery that needs to occur here," says the IAAF's former vice-president.
A teenager with mental health problems who was being held in a police cell because of a lack of beds has been found a "place of care" for her, a senior officer has said, after the NHS found a bed for her in a "few hours".
Thai police have cancelled a Human Rights Watch (HRW) event in Bangkok, hours after it was due to launch a report on human rights abuses in Vietnam, the rights group has said, calling it a "disappointing" move by the Thai authorities.
The ruins of a 17th Century Georgian mansion in Gloucester have been revealed to the public for the first time since it was destroyed in a fire in the summer of 2014, with the loss of more than 1,000 lives and more than 100,000 pounds of valuable property.
Astronomers have released new images of an asteroid called 2004 BL86 that has passed by the Earth for the first time in more than 200 years, and they are pretty amazing! Click here to see the full set of images from Nasa's New Scientist website.
A Santa Fe man accused of throwing a banana peel at comedian Dave Chappelle has pleaded not guilty to three charges of assault and criminal mischief in a case that has gripped the US state of New Mexico in the past month, a judge has ruled.The case has been dropped.
Jockey George Best has been moved out of intensive care after suffering a bleed on the brain in the Swiss Grand National at Aintree on Saturday, it has been announced on the day he was flown home to New Zealand for further treatment in a critical condition.
As the new Welsh MPs take their seats in the House of Commons for the first time since the general election, BBC Wales takes a look at some of the challenges facing the newly-elected members of the Welsh party leadership - and how they are getting on with their new job.
How do you shop for a world leader who has no known friends and is accused of murdering his own people? And what do you get if you buy him a copy of Where's Waldo and a mermaid puzzle, instead of a signed copy of The Art of the Deal, and a book on negotiating deals?
A road worker who was seriously injured when he was hit by a lorry while working on a dual carriageway in Somerset has died in hospital, South West Highways has said in a press release on its website.A driver has been arrested.Â£10,000 has been paid to his family.
Two window cleaners have been rescued from the roof of New York's tallest building after a crane collapsed and part of a glass cradle fell on top of them, officials say.Â£1m worth of glass fell on to the ground below.Â© AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A police officer who fatally shot a black teenager in the US state of Texas has been fired after reviewing body-cam footage of the incident, the city's police chief has said, saying he was "unintendedly incorrect" to say the victim was backing away from officers.
Dame Kylie Minogue has received an honorary degree from a university in her home city for her "outstanding contribution to the entertainment industry". She said she was "shocked" to be awarded the honour by the institution.Â£50,000 worth of student loans were handed out to her.
Luke Berry scored twice as Cambridge eased to victory over Cheltenham at the Kassam Stadium to move into the League Two play-off places.Â£10,000 in the first round of the EFL Cup with a 3-1 win over the Robins.
The former RTÉ presenter and broadcaster Máirtín Ó Murchú â‚¬¬ Â£1m (€1.2m) has died in Cork, his family has announced. He was one of Ireland's best-known presenters.
Northern Ireland's agriculture minister has said she is working with the Irish and US governments to improve trade links between the two countries and increase the number of Northern Ireland lamb sales to the US and Chinese markets by 50%.Â£1.5m is needed to boost exports of lamb to China, she has said.
A machine used by Nazi Germany to encrypt messages during World War Two has been recreated using 3D printing technology to allow visitors to see how it was used to break the code-cracking codes used by the Allies in the war years ahead of the end of the conflict.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says Carlos Tevez could return to the starting line-up in the future if the striker is fit enough to play for the Premier League champions against Fulham at Etihad Stadium on Saturday, despite the striker's injury problems.
Turkish police have detained the editor-in-chief of the opposition Cumhuriyet newspaper and 11 other staff, hours after it published a story about the failed July coup attempt, state media report, citing the arrest warrant for the editor and several other staff.
England's Matthew Fitzpatrick moved into a share of the lead at the Abu Dhabi Championship after a six-under-par 66 left him three shots behind leader Rinthai Aphibarnrat after the third round of the tournament in Doral, Spain.Luke Donald is four shots behind after carding a five-under 67.
Three generations of one family have been threatened and tied up during a robbery at their home in west Belfast.Police have said it was a "despicable act" and described it as "a despicable act" by the gang who carried out the raid as they threatened and threatened them.
The prime minister of New Zealand has said the death toll from Tuesday's magnitude 6.8 earthquake in the city of Christchurch has risen to at least 88, with many more feared dead.The city is in "agony", the country's mayor has told the BBC.
Scientists have found a new way to make ultra-pure silicon, the stuff that could be used to build the world's first "qubits" - the bits of information inside a quantum computer - and it's cheap and easy to purify in the lab.
Southampton midfielder Jack Stephens says it is "not time to panic" as the Premier League strugglers look to bounce back from their opening-day defeat at home to West Ham United in the EFL Cup quarter-final first round on Tuesday.Â£12m Southampton will "pick themselves up and work hard" and "it will turn round", says the Saints defender.
A cat who has been stealing toy food and other items from people's homes for the last two years is back at it again, his owner has said.Â£1,000 worth of cheese, a green pepper, fish, a pineapple and an aubergine are among the items he has taken home.
Ben Murdoch-Masila scored two tries as Salford came from behind to beat Super League leaders Castleford Tigers in a thrilling game at the KCOM Stadium.Â£1m signing Ollie O'Brien kicked a late drop-goal to give his side their first win of the season.
Dyson has been given the go-ahead to expand its headquarters in Cambridgeshire, despite new planning conditions being added to its plans.Â£100m of planning permission has been granted by the council for the site.ÂÂ£50m of investment has been approved by the government.
Cape Verde beat Portugal 2-0 in their first competitive game since the death of Cristiano Ronaldo in a friendly in Lisbon on Saturday.The hosts' hopes of qualifying for Euro 2016 suffered a setback as they were beaten by the Cape Verde Islands at the Estadio da Luanda.
The Investigatory Powers Bill is due to get its third and final reading in the House of Commons this evening, and then it will move on to the Lords, where it will be considered by the Lords and then the Commons, and probably the Lords - where it is likely to be debated and debated.
On the border between Mexico and the United States, in the heart of the California desert, hundreds of miles from the border with Mexico, is a vast, impassable expanse of concrete and steel, built to keep out illegal immigrants and the drug dealers who traffic in them.
Leinster held on for a narrow win over Glasgow Warriors in the Pro12 at the RDS, despite being reduced to 10 men at half-time because of a scrum-half sin-binning and a yellow card for a second yellow card in the closing stages.
Tibet, the world's most arid and arid region, has been hit by a series of natural disasters in recent years, the BBC has learned from officials in the Nepalese capital, Kathmandu, and in towns and villages near the Tibetan border.
Internet service providers need to be "up their game" in making broadband prices more transparent, a consumer charity has said, as Virgin Media and BT are criticised for misleading customers in adverts about possible price rises for 12-month broadband contracts, it has said.
Birmingham City booked their place in the Women's FA Cup semi-finals with a hard-fought win over Chelsea at the Madejski Stadium in the quarter-final first leg.Chelsea's hopes of a domestic treble were ended as they were knocked out of the competition by a 1-0 defeat.
Scientists say they have made progress in the development of a new treatment for pig infections that could be a "game-changer" in the fight against superbugs in the animal food chain and in human health, in principle, at least.Â£1.5m research has been funded by a government-backed project.
World number one Andy Murray reached the semi-finals of the ATP World Tour Finals with a straight-set win over third seed Stan Wawrinka at the O2 Arena in London on Friday night's final day of the group stage in the tournament's group stage.
Andy Murray will face Novak Djokovic in Sunday's French Open final, with the Briton aiming to win his first Grand Slam title and the Serb aiming to complete a career Grand Slam for the first time in his career.Â£25m will be at stake when the pair meet in the final at Roland Garros.
Plymouth Argyle's new signing Ross Goodwillie says he has given up on a return to the England squad, having missed out on a place in the squad for the last three World Cup finals."I don't see why you can't still think about it," says the striker.
A young chess prodigy from the UK has just become the youngest ever chess grandmaster in the world, and she's not the first person to achieve such a feat in her sport at the age of 11. Here's what you've got to say about her!
American teenager Katie Ledecky became the first woman to win four Olympic gold medals as the United States won the women's 4x200m freestyle relay team gold in Rio on Wednesday.Â£1.3m in prize money.Â© AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
A man has been charged with the murder of a Bulgarian woman who has been missing from her home in Devon for more than a month, Devon and Cornwall Police have said in a court appearance in connection with her disappearance.Detectives have appealed for the public's help in the search for her.
Jeremy Corbyn has been in Scotland for the third day of campaigning ahead of the contest to be the next UK Labour leader and MP for Labour's Scottish National Party (SNP) leader.Â£1bn worth of defence jobs could be lost if he is re-elected, he has said.
Five Sudan players have been banned from playing in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against DR Congo because they were not born in 1997, it has been ruled by the body that organises the competition.Â£20,000 in prize money has been awarded to the Sudan national team.
John Akinde's first-half strike was enough to give Barnet victory at Mansfield in League Two and condemn the Stags to their first home league defeat of the season in a 1-0 loss to the League Two play-off hopefuls.
The creator of the hit US sitcom The Simpsons has revealed that Springfield, the fictional US town where the show is set, is in fact a town called Springfield, Oregon, not Springfield, Massachusetts, as it has been mistakenly named in the show's opening credits.
Belfast International Airport's managing director has written to the Irish prime minister urging him to make Northern Ireland the new gateway to the Republic of Ireland from the UK after the UK leaves the European Union, the BBC has learned from a letter he wrote to Enda Kenny.
A man who raped two women while on an extended prison sentence has been jailed for life with a life-long restriction order and told he may never be released from prison.Â£20,000 in fines and costs has been handed to him by a High Court judge.
Three new left-wing mayors have been elected in cities across Spain, marking a sea change in the political landscape in a country where the centre-right Popular Party (PP) has dominated for decades and the centre of power has been held by the conservative Popular Party for decades.
A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after a woman was found dead in a Leeds street with serious head injuries, police have said, in what they described as a "brutal attack".Â£20,000 in cash and jewellery has been recovered from the scene.
India's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.6% in the three months to December, according to official figures, much faster than the 7.2% growth rate recorded in the same period a year earlier, the government has said in a statement.
Twenty-nine West Midlands Police staff have been found to have a case to answer for gross misconduct over the death of a woman who was beaten to death by her ex-partner, the police watchdog has said, after an investigation into the force's handling of domestic abuse cases.
A shortage of prison officers has contributed to a "major incident" at a high-security jail which saw 130 inmates transferred last year, a watchdog has said in its latest report on the facility.The use of tobacco smuggled into the jail is "a cause of concern".
Nigeria's President Goodluck Jonathan has accused a campaign group campaigning for the release of more than 200 schoolgirls kidnapped in the north-east of the country of "playing politics" with the situation.The group behind the campaign has been accused of "psychological terrorism".
A man accused of murdering his landlord has told a court he was "angry" at his ex-partner for asking for "sexual favours" after he broke up with his partner, a court has been told, before dumping his body in a quarry in north Wales.
England manager Roy Hodgson says striker Andy Carroll will not be included in his Euro 2016 squad based on his Premier League goalscoring form, rather than his national side's nationality, despite the striker scoring four goals in the past three games.Â£12m striker Carroll has been named in the England squad for Euro 2016.
A Pembrokeshire town's paddling pool has been saved from closure by a community effort to keep it open for the next three months, it has been confirmed by the county council and the town's community leaders in a bid to secure its future.
The US says it is "gravely concerned" for the safety of Christians in the Iraqi town of Qaraqosh, which has been seized by Islamist militants.Tens of thousands of people have fled their homes in the northern province of Nineveh, as fighting continues in the area.
The partner of a man feared trapped in the rubble of the collapsed Didcot Power Station has said there is still a "chance" he could still be alive and that rescuers have "given up" on finding his body yet, despite a delay in reaching him.
Work has started on a new £1.5m Hippodrome Theatre in the Scottish Borders, which is set to be the UK's first purpose-built "hippodrome" for the whaling and deep sea fishing industries, it has been announced.
Bob the Builder is getting a new voice for a new series of BBC One's DIY show Fix-It DIY, which will see the character take on a new look for the first time in the show's 17-year history.The new series will be called Bob and the Scoop, it's been announced.
The number of district nurses caring for patients in the community has fallen by more than half in the past six years, the RCN has said, calling for more information about the care people receive at home instead of in hospital in the future, it has claimed.
Hundreds of people have gathered to mourn the death of a man who was shot dead by police on the M62 motorway in West Yorkshire, prompting a police operation in which five men were arrested on suspicion of possessing a firearm with intent to cause fear, the BBC has learned.
National League side Solihull Moors have signed versatile midfielder Ryan Edwards on a two-year deal following his release by National League rivals Barwell.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the player.Â© BBC Radio Solihult.com
Hundreds of mourners have attended the funerals of victims of Sunday's bomb attacks in the Pakistani city of Lahore, after days of rioting by Christians in the city's Christian areas.Â£1m (1.5m; $2.2m) has been spent on funerals for the dead.
Nottinghamshire were bowled out for 204 by Yorkshire on the opening day of the County Championship final at Trent Bridge as Durham fought back with bat and ball to take control of the Division One title decider at Chester-le-Street on the final day.
The Earth stores more than a trillion litres of water beneath its surface every year, according to a new analysis of the Earth's top 2km (1.5 miles) of rock and soil, and all the rain that has made its way underground over the past 50 years.
A government spokesman has denied making threats to the editor of a newspaper over a story about the culture secretary's expenses claims, amid claims she was considering the role of Leveson Inquiry chairman in a new press regulation system.No 10 has defended its intervention in the case.
Romelu Lukaku scored twice as Everton came from 2-0 down to beat West Brom at The Hawthorns and move into the top half of the Premier League table for the first time this season with their first win of 2016-17 in a game of two halves.
Glamorgan chief executive Hugh Morris says he is "proud" of the county's record number of full houses at Cardiff's Principality Stadium for international cricket matches, after hosting three England matches in the space of 19 days."It's been a great year for Glamorgan," says director of cricket Hugh Morris.
Former world number one Martin Fordham says he wants to return to play at Lakeside once more after missing out on a place in the last 16 at the Grand Slam of Darts at Wolverhampton's Crucible Theatre for the first time in 10 years.
India's central bank has cut its key interest rate by 0.25% for the third time this year, the latest move to try to boost growth in the world's third-largest economy, which has been hit by the recent crackdown on high-denomination banknotes.
James McClean and Darren Randolph and Colin Doyle have been called up to the Republic of Ireland squad for the friendly against Mexico on 2 June in San Jose in the United States in June.The game will be the first of three matches in the Republic's Euro 2016 warm-up.
Islamic State (IS) militants in the Sinai peninsula say they were behind an attack on a naval ship off the north coast of Egypt, which left at least 12 people dead.The Egyptian military says it was targeted by a shore-to-ship missile fired by the group.
The UK's richest man, Sir Philip Green, has been appointed by the government to help it find ways to cut the billions of pounds of public spending over the next five years, it has been announced in the Autumn Statement on Wednesday morning - but critics have questioned his suitability to help.
England reached the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in 24 years as they beat Mexico 1-0 in the quarter-finals in South Korea to set up a last-four tie against Italy in Jeonju on Thursday.
Worcestershire have signed South Africa all-rounder Kyle Abbott as their second overseas player for this summer's T20 Blast campaign, says James Mason."He's got lots of experience to pass on," says the county's director of cricket at New Road.
Belfast boxer Paddy McCombe is through to the quarter-finals of the European Taekwondo Championships in Ukraine after beating Russia's Alexei Kuznetsov in Kharkiv on Monday night to secure his place in the last eight of the tournament.
Pharmacies are often thought of as dispensers of medicine, dispensing prescriptions and dispensing advice, rather than dispensing diagnosis and advice on how to get better health, and often doing so in the same way as GPs and A&E departments across the NHS.
At least nine children have been injured after a giant inflatable slide came loose at a Dorset seaside carnival, police and paramedics have said, but it is unclear how many are seriously hurt or how long it will take to free them from the scene.
A woman who tried to kill herself after being diagnosed with terminal cancer did not have the mental capacity to refuse kidney dialysis treatment, the Court of Protection has ruled in the case of C, who is now facing a 14-year jail sentence for assisting a suicide.
A woman has been appointed as the UK's first dedicated hedgehog officer in a job advertised around the world, sparking a global search for a new candidate to work in the town where thousands of the animals have been recorded in the past two years, a wildlife trust has said.
Four British soldiers were killed when their vehicle rolled into a canal in Afghanistan after a collision with a police car, an inquest has been told by a forensic expert at Salisbury Coroner's Court.Â£1.5m was spent on their funeral costs, it has been revealed.
Ethiopia's Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn has blamed "evil forces" for the deaths of more than 200 people in a stampede at an annual religious festival in the Oromia region, where the stampede killed at least 140 people.
Cornwall clinched their fourth successive County Championship title with a hard-fought victory over Lancashire in the final at Twickenham on Saturday night to lift the Bill Beaumont Cup for the first time in their history and end the Duchy's run of three straight defeats.
A man who stabbed an elderly motorist to death in a "violent, unprovoked attack" has been given a 12-year sentence for his manslaughter by a psychiatric hospital under the Mental Health Act, a judge has ruled in a landmark case in West Sussex.
South Africa has cancelled its plan to pull out of the International Criminal Court (ICC) after losing a legal challenge at the UN's UN-backed court of appeal in the High Court in The Hague in February.The decision to withdraw from the court is the latest in a series of controversial moves by African countries.
A cyclist who died after hitting a pothole on a Monmouthshire road in 2012 may have been killed if she had been wearing a helmet, an inquest has been told by an inquest judge into her death on Wednesday.Council workers were called to the area within hours to fill in the potholes.
Newcastle United have sacked manager Steve McClaren and assistant boss Rafael Benitez after just six months in charge of the Championship club, with the club saying it was "in the best interests of the club at heart" to make the decision "with the right interests of its Premier League future at heart".
HSBC and Deutsche Bank have warned that up to 1,000 jobs could be lost if the UK leaves the European single market, sources have told the BBC, with the loss of access to the EU's "passporting" system for their London-based operations.
Key figures from Northern Ireland's political parties have been reacting to the Court of Appeal's ruling that abortion law in Northern Ireland is "incompatible" with the current law on the issue of fatal foetal abnormality in the case of rape or incest, as the BBC News NI website looks at their reaction.
A man has been attacked and injured by an elephant after it escaped from its circus enclosure in Heidelberg, Germany, police say, and is in a critical condition in hospital in a serious condition in a psychiatric hospital in Duesseldorf, where he is being treated.
Russia's justice ministry has added one of the country's main opinion pollsters to a list of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) designated as foreign agents, the head of the organisation has said, describing the move as "devastating" for its work.
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies has said he does not think a re-run of the referendum on the assembly could be won if it was held now, given the state of Welsh politics and the EU referendum result of June's vote to leave the EU.
On Friday morning, hundreds of people gathered in the centre of Barcelona to pay their respects to the victims of Thursday's attack on the city's shopping centre, in which 13 people were killed and more than 100 injured, most of them teenagers and young people in their early teens.
The BBC's Sound Of 2016 list has been unveiled, with a look ahead to the most exciting new acts to come out of the UK music industry in the coming 12 months, as well as a look back at the winners of the previous year's prize for the year's best new act.
A man has been arrested after a man was arrested following the discovery of a number of illegal wildlife products in his home, including a tiger's head and a rhino's tail, it has emerged in the wake of a chameleon's discovery at Heathrow Airport.
German prosecutors say they have arrested a man they suspect of being a key suspect in the Berlin lorry attack carried out by Tunisian Anis Amri, who is thought to have known Amri since the end of 2015 and had had "intense conversations" with him.
A vicar who told children that Father Christmas was "not real" has apologised for causing "distress" to parents at a school Christmas service for children aged nine and 11 years old, the archdeacon of Norwich has said, calling her a "sensitive and sensible" priest.
A man has died in a house fire in Kilmacormick, County Antrim, in the early hours of the morning.The fire service has said it is treating the death as "unexplained" and is not being treated as suspicious by police.
Angelina Jolie has received an honorary award for her film In the Land of Blood and Honey at the Sarajevo Film Festival in Bosnia-Herzegovina, where she was honoured for her contribution to the arts and human rights in the war-torn country.
Two police community support officers (PCSOs) have been jailed for using their positions to gain personal information about people they did not know about and to settle a personal grievance, a court has heard, after they provided false information to a tip-off charity.
A five-year-old Celtic fan has apologised to the club for missing his birthday party at the club's Parkhead training ground to go to the Champions League match against Borussia Monchengladbach, BBC Scotland has been told by the boy's mother.
Celtic were knocked out of the League Cup after losing a dramatic penalty shootout to Rangers in a pulsating Old Firm derby at Hampden Park, despite a spirited second-half display.Â£1.5m winners were crowned champions of Scotland for the first time after the teams drew 5-5 on penalties.
The M74 extension to the M74 motorway in Glasgow has reduced the number of road accidents on local roads by more than 50% in the three years since it opened, according to a new study of accident data. However, there is no evidence it has led to an increase in accidents, it has been claimed.
Pro-Russian militants in the eastern Ukrainian city of Luhansk have seized several government buildings in a show of force, demanding greater autonomy for the rebel-held region and a referendum on independence for the Donetsk People's Republic, officials and activists say, as US sanctions against Russia are tightened.
Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch is to play Macbeth in a new TV adaptation of William Shakespeare's playwright's play about the character of King Lear, it has been announced.The actor has said he is "thrilled" to be joining the cast of the new drama.
Belgium's king has been criticised for using his annual Christmas message to warn against the rise of "populism" in the country, in a speech broadcast on Sunday night on national television.Â£1bn-a-year Belgian monarchy has been accused of playing a "divisive role" by a Flemish politician.
England's Mark Wood and Steven Finn have been named in the squads for the North v South one-day international series in Dubai in March 2017, which will see the two sides meet for the first time since the World Twenty20 in March 2014 and will be broadcast live on BBC One.
The organisers of the Derry Fleadh have been given the go-ahead to bid to host the event again next year, after the 2013 event was deemed a success by the local authorities in the city and district where it was held in 2013.Â£1m in public money will be needed to stage the event in 2017.
A woodland in County Londonderry is being transformed into a World War One memorial to mark the centenary of the end of the conflict in the UK, it has been announced in a new project to mark Armistice Day on Remembrance Sunday on 23 November.
A bus stop sign on the Nottingham tram system has been branded an "absolute joke" after spelling the name of the city's university as "University of Nottingham" instead of "Nottingham" on the lettering on the side of the platform.
Ethiopian runner Feyisa Tsegaye Feyisa has become an international symbol of protest at the Rio Olympics after winning a bronze medal in the men's 5,000m steeplechase - but the International Olympic Committee (IOC) says it is investigating his case.
The BBC has learned that the road safety measures at the site where an 18-year-old County Tyrone teenager was knocked down and killed by a van in Belfast are to be replaced, but there are no plans to replace the original crash barrier, despite calls for them to.
At least 40 people have been killed in a knife attack at a railway station in the Chinese city of Kunming, state media report, citing local police and eyewitnesses who saw the attack on Saturday.Â© Xinhua.com.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $1.8m)
EDF, the French energy firm, is to increase electricity and gas prices for 1.5 million of its customers for the second time this year, in a move that will affect more than 1.8 million dual-fuel customers in the UK, it has announced.
As the government launches its campaign for the UK to stay in the European Union, the BBC News website looks at why it is so desperate to spend millions of pounds on leaflets - and why they are so expensive, and why people are so keen to get rid of them.
Mae BBC Cymru yn dilyn broses yng Nghaerdydd wedi dweud ei gael ei fydd y broses wedi yn ymchwiliadau i'r gyn-gogledd yn wythnos.
A custody sergeant accused of killing a man who died in custody "did not know how this would turn out", a court has been told as he appeared to be a "decent person" and a "good witness" for the defence in his trial for the man's manslaughter.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Monday as oil prices fell and investors remained cautious ahead of a meeting of central bankers later this week in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, where interest rates are expected to be raised next week.Shares in pharmaceutical giant Pfizer rose after it announced it would buy Medivation.
Eight puppies and two full-grown dogs worth thousands of pounds have been stolen from a house in East Renfrewshire in what police are treating as a "suspected stolen dog breeder's shop".Â£10,000 worth of dog food has also been stolen.
Firefighters have been called to a number of bonfires across Northern Ireland on Tuesday night as loyalist parties condemn "hatemongers" who put images of dead Sinn FÃ©in leader Martin McGuinness on some of the bonfires they are involved in.
Celta Vigo have signed Fulham midfielder Jordi Alvaro Morata on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Spanish club in the summer, for an undisclosed fee, reported by BBC Radio Solent.
Letting agents are charging private tenants "extortionate fees" to have properties removed from the market, a Labour AM has said in a Senedd debate on the issue of letting agency fees for properties in the Welsh Assembly for the third year in a row, she has said.
"Credible allegations of historical child sexual abuse are not to be taken lightly," says the College of Policing, the body set up to advise police and crime commissioners on how to deal with allegations of sexual abuse in England and Wales, in the wake of the Operation Midland inquiry.
A bid to become the UK's first spaceport is being launched in Kintyre in Argyll and Bute on Thursday evening in a bid to attract investment to the site of a future launch site for space tourism and commercial space tourism businesses, it has been announced.
Meet George Gallacher, one of the world's best-known gardeners, and he's a big fan of flowers and horticulture in the UK, even though he doesn't live in the country, he's been to all of the big shows in the world of gardening.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie has been re-elected to the North East Fife Council by a large margin in a by-election in the Scottish Parliament election, the party has confirmed after the count.Â£1.5m worth of donations have been made to the party in the constituency.
In our series of videos, BBC Good Food looks at why we buy some of the things we buy, and how the way we buy them has changed over the past 50 years. Click here to see the full set of interactive videos from the BBC's Good Food website.
A Borders knitwear firm has seen a surge in orders from both domestic and overseas customers since it was taken over by a new owner last year, the company has said in its latest trading update to the BBC Scotland news website (UK-wide news website here).
A replica of a cave in France where some of the world's oldest cave art has been found has opened to the public for the first time since it was recreated four years ago, Unesco has said, in a move hailed by the French president as a "historic moment".
England goalkeeper Karen Bardsley has been ruled out of the rest of the Women's Euro 2017 qualifiers against Belgium and Bosnia-Herzegovina because of a hamstring injury, which will keep her out of action for up to six weeks. Click here for all the latest team news.
A former ambulance worker has been jailed for sexually assaulting a teenage girl after she sent him explicit text messages and photos of herself, a court has heard, and touched her inappropriately while he was driving her home in his car while she was in the passenger seat of his vehicle.
Tyson Fury beat Dereck Chisora on points to win the British and Commonwealth heavyweight titles and set up a potential world title shot against Wladimir Klitschko or WBA world champion Wladislaw Klitschka in London on Saturday.
Hull KR captain Jamie Peacock says Albert Kelly's future at the club is "up in the air" after the prop returned to the Super League club late from a pre-season training camp with a "disciplinary issue" with the Rugby Football League.
An inquiry into claims of bullying within the Conservative Party has begun into the death of a young activist, the party has said.The inquiry into allegations of bullying and intimidation will last into 2016, it has said in a statement to BBC Newsnight's Victoria Derbyshire programme.
Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba has filed for an initial public offering (IPO) in the US, in a bid to raise more than twice as much as Facebook raised in its debut in New York last year.Â© AP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Figures on the state of the NHS in England will not be published until after the general election on 8 June, the BBC understands, because of government rules on election campaign announcements in the run-up to polling day on the same day, BBC News has learned.
Usain Bolt is through to the semi-finals of the men's 100m at the Olympic Games after winning his heat to qualify as the fastest qualifier in the first round of the quarter-finals on Sunday.Â£1.5m is at stake in the final on Monday.
Teenage Brentford defender Tom Dibble has signed a new three-year contract with the Championship club, keeping him at Griffin Park until the summer of 2019, with the option of a further 12 months if he is offered a further year.Â£250,000.
Madonna's been in the news a lot this week - not for the way she won a Grammy award, or for her performance at the Brit Awards.No, it hasn't been for that.Instead, it's been about her age, as she's just one of the biggest names in music right now.
Canada Post has said it will phase out direct to the home delivery of letters and parcels as part of a cost-cutting plan to save the country's postal service millions of dollars over the next five years, as it struggles to make ends meet in the face of a tough economic climate.
US President Barack Obama has called for "visible prosecutions" of corruption as he visited Kenya on the final day of his visit to the country where his father was born and his father is now serving as US ambassador to the UN and US vice-presidential candidate.
They have been roaming the French Alps for the past few weeks, stalking their way up and down the mountainside in search of food and foraging for prey, but this year's wolf attacks on sheep have left many shepherds worried for their flocks' lives.
James Corden is to bring his US talk show The Late Late Show to the UK for the first time, with three episodes to be broadcast on Sky 1 next year, it has been announced.Â© James Corden/Sky 1/Now TV/YouTube.
David Cameron is to meet German Chancellor Angela Merkel to discuss Britain's relationship with the European Union ahead of a referendum on EU membership in 2017.The UK's role in the EU is to be discussed at a dinner with the German PM on Thursday evening, Downing Street has said.
Barclays chief executive Antony Jenkins has been sacked after falling out with the board over the size of the investment bank and the pace of cost-cutting at the bank, the bank has said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange and other financial institutions.
The FBI has identified eight celebrities whose iCloud accounts were hacked last year, according to a court document filed in Los Angeles, US media have reported, after a raid on the home of a Hollywood actor's ex-wife, Jennifer Lawrence, and her lawyer's office in California.
A driver who killed a teenager when he ploughed into three pedestrians in a hit-and-run crash has been jailed for more than seven years and more than four months for causing death by dangerous driving and drug-driving offences, a court has heard.
More than a million Syrian refugee children could become extremists unless more is done to protect them from extremism, Jordan's education minister has warned at a conference on the global education crisis in the Middle East and North Africa, he has said in a speech in the UAE.
India's richest man Vijay Mallya, the former owner of the Kingfisher Airlines and Diageo drinks empire, is reported to have fled the country after the sale of one of the country's biggest hotels fell through on Monday.Â£1.5bn worth of debt-ridden lenders failed to find a buyer for the property.
Researchers at Dundee University are to carry out a study into the health effects of smoking tobacco cigarettes and e-cigarettes on blood vessels in a bid to find out if they are less harmful than traditional cigarettes, which contain nicotine and tar, and more harmful than tobacco cigarettes.
A school in Somerset which was placed in special measures is to close at the end of the year, it has been announced.A campaign by parents to save it from closure has been successful after reaching its target of 1,000 signatures by the end the day of the day.
Comedian Chris Evans has become the latest high-profile celebrity to snap his fingers in support of a BBC campaign to raise awareness of mental health issues and its impact on the NHS in the UK and the wider world, as part of the BBC's Minds Matter season.
A woman has died in a house fire in Londonderry in the early hours of the morning, the fire service has said.The cause of the fire is being investigated by the emergency services in the county's north-west of the country, but no further details are known.
A former primary school teacher has been jailed for 12 years for the rape and sexual abuse of girls as young as 11 in his care.One of his victims went to the police 22 years ago, but no charges were brought due to a lack of evidence, a court has heard.
A third whale has been found dead off the Suffolk coast in a series of "coincidental" events, experts have said, after two others washed up in the space of a few days, it is thought to have been hit by a vessel.Â£1m worth of whale carcasses have been washed up.
A man who killed his partner by stamping on her head has had his 12-and-a-half-year jail sentence increased by the Court of Appeal after the case was referred back to the courts by the Attorney General for a second appeal against the original sentence.
Virat Kohli became the first batsman to score a century in his opening match of a World Cup as India began their defence of the World Cup with an eight-wicket victory over Pakistan.The match ended in a draw in a low-quality contest in Adelaide.
Jonathan Demme, the Oscar-winning director of The Silence of the Lambs, has died at the age of 83. He was one of cinema's most prolific directors, winning five Academy Awards in total, including best picture and best director for The Godfather of Horror.
The British Olympic Association (BOA) has confirmed it will ratify GB Taekwondo's decision to nominate Lutalo Muhammad for the 2012 Games in London rather than Aaron Cook, who has been left out of the squad for the London Games by his national governing body.
The Met Police has apologised to the family of a man who died in a suspected arson attack in east London five years ago after a reinvestigation into his death found "catalogue of errors" in the way it handled the case, the commissioner for the force has said.
A man who stabbed his partner to death in front of their seven-year-old daughter has been jailed for 12 years at the High Court in Belfast for the murder of his partner in a "silly" domestic dispute, the Court of Appeal has heard.
A 15-year-old boy has been rescued from a cave after falling down an 80ft (24m) well in the Yorkshire Dales, rescuers have said, with the aid of a member of the local search and rescue team.Â£10,000 of equipment was used in the operation.
NHS Highland is to set up a midwife-led maternity unit (CMU) at Caithness General Hospital in Wick as part of a shake-up of maternity services in the Far North of Scotland, it has been announced at a meeting in Inverness.
Leeds Rhinos moved to the top of the Super League table with victory over St Helens in the final game at Headingley before the Super 8s at Old Trafford, which was played on the final day of rugby league's last roofed terrace.
Kenya's President Uhuru Kenyatta has vowed to go ahead with the election despite a High Court ruling that the printing of ballot papers should be halted over alleged links to a Dubai-based printing firm that won a $24m (Â£18m) tender.
Parts of the US city of Houston, Texas, have been hit by a powerful storm. Check out this amazing time-lapse video of the moment it hit the city! Click here to see the full report from the National Weather Service in the US here in the UK.
A man accused of stalking and murdering his ex-girlfriend sent a friend a text message saying "hi, how are you", a court has been told as he appeared to slow down his pace in the moments before she was found dead at her home.Â£20,000 in cash and jewellery was found in her car boot, a jury has heard.
Castleford Tigers won the Challenge Cup for the first time in their history as they thrashed Wakefield Trinity at the Jungle to clinch the Super League title at the expense of the Wakefield side in the play-off semi-final at Old Trafford on Sunday.
Russell Brand is considering taking legal action against The Sun after it accused him of hypocrisy over his housing policy, Newsbeat has learned from an interview he gave to Channel 4 News earlier this week, in which he called a journalist a "snide" and "a snide" for asking him about his home.
Paul Murray was a 16-year-old football fan from Stoke-on-Trent, who travelled by train with his father, Tony, who was also a Liverpool fan, who both went to the match at Hillsborough with his brother, Tony Murray, who all survived.
Norway's prime minister has met relatives of some of the 77 people killed in the bomb and gun attacks in the capital, Oslo, and on an island near the Swedish border, where the search is continuing for more victims is under way for a second day.
The jury in the trial of a man accused of murdering a woman in the Republic of Ireland has retired to consider its verdict after hearing the case for the first time in more than five years, the High Court in Dublin has been adjourned until 2 January 2017.
North Ferriby's poor start to the season continued as they were beaten 2-1 by Bromley in the National League at home to the bottom-of-the-table strugglers on Saturday night at Grange Lane, with the game ending in a draw.
Former Sussex batsman Murray Goodwin has returned to the club as batting coach, signing a two-year deal with the county until the end of the 2017 season."I am delighted to be back," said Goodwin after agreeing a three-year contract with the Division Two club.
Flights and ferry services have been cancelled on the Isle of Man due to "strong winds" affecting the north of the island, the Manx government has said, with gusts reaching up to 70mph (113km/h).The Met Office has issued an amber weather warning for the island.
Indonesia's economy grew at an annual rate of 5.7% in the final three months of last year, its slowest growth since 2009, according to official figures released by the government on Wednesday.The world's third-largest economy has seen its annual growth forecast cut to 5.5% from 6% in 2015.
Teenagers' brains are better at learning from their experiences than adults' brains, US researchers have found, possibly because of an area of the brain known as the "brain's memory headquarters" which stores and sorts memories during an important stage in their lives and prepares them for independence.
A cyclist has been killed by a grizzly bear in the Glacier National Park in the US state of Montana, local officials say, in what is believed to be the first such incident in the area in more than 100 years of the park's history, local media report.
The Night Tube service is set to begin in London on Wednesday, with Transport for London (TfL) warning of a rise in anti-social behaviour and a "rowdy environment" on the network.More than 1,000 extra police officers will be on the capital's underground network to try to deter crime.
A former nurse who downloaded "hundreds of thousands" of indecent images of children has been jailed for 12 years.Â£20,000 has also been ordered to pay Â£10,000 in costs for making and possessing extreme pornographic images and videos.
Ireland have qualified for the Women's World Cup Super Sixes for the first time in their history after finishing third in their World Twenty20 Qualifier group in Colombo, Sri Lanka, on Sunday, with a 3-1 aggregate win over Thailand in their final group match.
Plans to build luxury holiday lodges on the site of Warwick Castle have been put to a public inquiry after objections from the local heritage group, it has been revealed by Warwickshire District Council's planning committee.Â£1m plans for a glamping site have been submitted to planners.
Everton manager Ronald Koeman should "toughen up" his players' training schedule, says Republic of Ireland captain Roy Keane."Everton as a club need to toughen up a little bit," says the former Toffees captain.Â£12m-rated Keane.
Two men have gone on trial accused of murdering a mother-of-three whose body was found buried on an allotment after she rejected their proposal of marriage to one of their ex-boyfriend's ex-partners, a jury has been told by a court.
German airline Lufthansa Group is to charge passengers who buy tickets online for some of its flights directly from its own website a fee of up to 3% of the price of the ticket.The move is likely to drive up the cost of tickets bought via price comparison sites.
Warrenpoint Town say they are "shocked" by the decision not to impose any sanction on Carrick Rangers for breaching the Irish Football Association's Disciplinary Code in their promotion-relegation play-off defeat by Ballinamallard United on 6 May.
Researchers at Glasgow University say they have discovered a new way to predict how long we will live - and it involves stretching our own DNA.Â£1.5m research into how to stretch our own cells.Â© Pat Monaghan/Exeter University, UK
Mexico has announced tougher sentences for those who kidnap, including the minimum and maximum jail terms for the most serious crimes, such as kidnapping and murder, in a bid to combat the rising number of abductions in the country and a rise in the number of reported cases.
A woman who died after giving birth to her second son had to wait five minutes for a nerve-stimulating device to arrive in the operating theatre, an inquest has heard, after another doctor removed it too soon, an anaesthetist has told an inquest.
A court in northern Nigeria has sentenced four men to 20 lashes each for homosexual acts, officials say, the second time a court in the region has imposed the punishment in less than a month.The judge did not impose the death penalty because the men had repented, reports say.
Russian Athletics Federation president Vitaly Mutko says it is "high time" for Russian athletes to retire from international competition, as the country's ban from international athletics was extended for a second time this week.Â£1bn-a-year doping scandal continues to rattle the country.
A former Guantanamo Bay detainee has been arrested in Uganda on suspicion of involvement in the murder of a prosecutor in the capital, Kampala, police have said, after she was shot dead in the city earlier this month, reports say.Â© AP.com.
The governor of the US state of Indiana has said he would veto a new religious freedom law if it legalised discrimination against gay people, a day after a backlash from business leaders and a host of high-profile figures including the US president's son-in-law.
Shakin' Stevens has been voted the best Welsh musician of all time by BBC Radio Wales listeners in a poll of more than 100,000 listeners.Â£10,000 prize for the best of the year has been awarded to the 80-year-old Welshman.
Russia and Qatar could have "no choice" but to bribe Fifa during the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, according to Sepp Blatter's former right-hand man at football's world governing body, the head of Audit and Compliance at Fifa.
A convicted murderer who fled to the UK 20 years ago has been jailed for 10 years after being arrested in Hertfordshire and told he will be extradited to Albania to face trial for two murders he allegedly committed in the country, a court has been told.
Wales midfielder Joe Ledley has backed the Football Association of Wales (FAW) to decide whether to allow players to wear poppies in Friday's World Cup qualifier against England at Cardiff City Stadium on Armistice Day, despite Fifa's ban on the symbol.
More than 100 diving helmets from around the world have been sold for more than £100,000 at auction in Devon and Cornwall on Saturday.Â£10,000 was the top price for a single item sold at the auction of a collection of more than 100,000 helmets.
The body of a man has been recovered from the River Nith in Dumfries and Galloway, Police Scotland has said, after a body was spotted in the water.No further details have been released about the identity of the man whose body was pulled from the river.
League One side Bristol City have signed Preston North End midfielder Jack Brownhill on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months' extension.Â£1.5m is to be paid to the player's contract by mutual consent.
NHS bosses in England are warning GP surgeries and practices are at risk of being "allowed to fail", it has been claimed in a leaked document seen by the BBC and a medical magazine.Â£40m funding to help struggling practices in England has been promised but is yet to be delivered, the BBC has learned.
He may not have the same name as Ian Rush, Frank Keegan, Kenny Dalglish or Bobby Moore, but Roy Wallace is one of Liverpool's most recognisable faces and has been part of the club's history for more than half a century - and he's not the first Scot to play for the club.
Human trafficking and slavery in Wales is a "serious and organised crime" and must be tackled urgently to protect people from the threat of further exploitation, say police in north Wales and Gwynedd, as they launch a campaign to tackle the problem in the coming days.
Tunnels used by the British Army during World War Two to house refugees have been opened up to the public for the first time since they were dug out in the 1970s and 1980s.Â£1m has been spent on restoring them to their former glory, it has emerged.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club "at any price" until he has "won something" at the end of the season, and that he wants to "bolt the horse on" in the transfer market this summer to invest in the club.
The Football Association has settled a complaint by Eniola Aluko, who says she was the victim of a "culture of bullying and harassment" by England manager Mark Sampson and his team-mates during her time in charge of the national women's football team.
Self-inflicted deaths in prisons in England and Wales have risen to the highest level in 10 years, the chief inspector of prisons has said.The prison system is in "crisis" and the safety of inmates is "at risk", he has warned.
Scotland Under-21s are set to play their final two games of the season in a bid to earn a call-up to Gordon Strachan's squad for the World Cup qualifiers against the Czech Republic and Scotland Under-20s in March.Â£1.5m is at stake in the two friendlies in Glasgow and Prague.
Two people have been arrested following an incident in Wrexham in which a gun was discharged in the street, police have said, but it was not believed to be a terrorist-related incident.Â£20,000 worth of ammunition has been seized by police.
Northampton flanker Ben Foden says he will have to "push himself to the limit" to keep pace with Harlequins team-mate Ben Brown in the England Six Nations."I hope it will bring out the best in both of us," says the England number eight.
Mark Duffy eased into the second round of the UK Championship with a 6-0 victory over Ding Junhui, despite the Chinese star's foul-mouthed post-match press conference in which he complained about the table set-up and playing conditions.
A free school breakfast scheme in Blackpool is "very positive" and should be extended, according to researchers who have reviewed the results of a study into the scheme.Â£1.3m is needed to keep it going, a council has been told.
One of the longest-serving head teachers in the country has announced he will retire at the end of the school year after more than 30 years in charge at a school in North Devon, it has been announced in a press release from the National Association of Head Teachers.
Solihull Moors have signed midfielder Ryan Williams on a one-month loan deal from National League rivals Rushall.Â£20,000-rated Doncaster Rovers have also signed midfielder Jordan Jones on a deal until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent deal.
The death of a man whose remains were found in a forest in Gwynedd is being treated as suspicious, police have said, as tests continue to try to identify the man's identity and cause of his death in a bid to find out more about how he died.
In the early hours of the morning of New Year's Day I was walking along the streets of my local township in the Uist and I could not help but wonder what was going through my mind as I made my way to the end of the street and started to cross the road.
The Hong Kong government has proposed a plan to make it easier for people travelling between Hong Kong and China to complete immigration and customs procedures at the same time, even though they live on different sides of the territory.Hong Kong officials say it could be the world's first "one-stop" border crossing.
Australia has said it will send more troops to Afghanistan to support the US-led coalition fighting the Taliban in the war-torn country, in a boost to its military presence in the country, the country's defence minister has said in a speech to parliament.Â
A man has died in hospital after being hit by a van in the east end of Glasgow in the early hours of the morning.Police have appealed for witnesses to a crash in which a pedestrian was also struck by a car.A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the fatal incident.
Unqualified teachers are being used to teach children in England's state schools, a teachers' union has warned at its annual conference in the South East of England and the South West of England region of the UK, saying it is "deeply concerned" by its members.
The Unite union and the Communication Workers Union (CWU) have said they are "fully committed" to finding a solution to Royal Mail's proposed changes to its pension scheme, after the company launched a public consultation on the issue on Thursday.Shares in Royal Mail fell 2% after the unions said they would ballot members on industrial action.
Jersey side Jersey Stars are "on the right road" to a top-four finish in the Championship, according to new player-coach Chris Stevens, who made his debut for the club on Saturday night in the second round of the B Division play-offs.
The world's first tailless, jet-powered unmanned warplane has flown for the first time in the skies above the US Navy's fleet of aircraft carrier-based surveillance aircraft carriers in the Pacific Ocean off the coast of North Carolina, US officials have said.
Qualcomm, the world's biggest maker of mobile phone chips, has announced plans to cut costs by $1.4bn (Â£1.1bn) as it tries to compete with growing competition from Asian firms like Samsung and Taiwan's MediaTek.
Two people have been taken to hospital after a fire broke out in a bar in a Leicester city centre nightclub, North Wales Fire and Rescue Service has said in a press release on its Facebook page, which is being investigated as "unexplained" and "unlikely to be suspicious".
China has executed seven men convicted of terrorism and other crimes in the western Xinjiang region, state media report, citing the Xinhua state news agency, citing a court ruling on Monday.China's Xinjiang Autonomous Region has executed eight Uighur men, state-run Xinhua news agency says.
A Grade II-listed hall that was threatened with closure has reopened to the public after being saved by a community group with the help of a 10,000-signature petition to save it from closure, it has been announced after a three-year campaign.
A three-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car in Barry, Vale of Glamorgan, police have said, adding he is being treated in hospital for a serious head injury and a suspected broken leg and eye injury.
If you were mis-sold payment protection insurance (PPI) by your bank or credit card provider, then you may find that the amount of compensation you get depends on which provider you happen to have a credit card with - and which high street bank you are on.
How much do you enjoy urinating into a cup of tea, or maybe a glass of orange juice before you go to bed at night, or in the middle of a night out on a date with your boyfriend or girlfriend, or while you're out and about?
Facebook has published its first detailed maps of the world's population, which it hopes could help it better understand where drones could be deployed in the future to help in the fight against disease and natural disasters around the world and help in search and rescue efforts in the event of a disaster.
Warrington came from behind to beat Super League neighbours Widnes Vikings and reach the Challenge Cup quarter-finals for the first time in four years with a hard-fought win at the Halliwell Jones Jones Stadium on Friday night, despite being booed by their fans.
The organisers of the E3 Harelbeke road race in Belgium have agreed to remove a poster which has been used to promote the event on social media after it was branded "inappropriate" by cycling's world governing body as it appeared to show a man squeezing a girl's bottom.
Kai Tsegai is a 12-year-old boy from South Sudan who fled his home in the north-east of the country to escape the violence that has plagued the country for more than two years, and now lives in a refugee camp in northern Bahr al-Ghazal.
A police car has been damaged after a man threw a brick at the windscreen in Londonderry, police have said, damaging the vehicle's windscreen and windscreen wipers, causing it to come off the road and into the garden of a house.
Emma Watson has spoken out about how she feels she's not given the same rights as men when it comes to being a woman in the world of work and in society, and that "no country can say they've achieved gender equality".Â£2.5m (Â£1.6m) is the amount of money she's given to charity.
Network Rail's performance has been rated "inadequate" by the rail regulator for the second time in as many months, and it's not a good omen for the rail operator's ability to improve punctuality and reliability on Britain's railways over the next five years.
Abdel-Moneim Kahraba scored a late winner as Egypt beat Morocco 1-0 in extra-time to reach the Africa Cup of Nations quarter-finals in Gabon for the first time since 2010.Morocco's hopes of winning a third successive title suffered a major blow as they were knocked out in the last eight.
Two police officers have been charged with misconduct over evidence they gave to MPs about a meeting with Andrew Mitchell in 2012, the police watchdog has said.Â£300,000 in legal costs have been paid in a libel case brought by the MP over his "plebgate" comments.
A man who died after being hit by a car in south-west London may have been stabbed to death in a row at a flat in the area, an inquest has been told by the Met Police's chief constable, who is due to give evidence to an inquest.
The annual Beard of the World contest is being held in Dover on Saturday, with members from around the world expected to descend on the city for a chance to show off their "silly" moustaches to the world's best beard-growers.Â£100,000 worth of beards are expected.
The Chinese government has criticised the arrest of 20 Chinese nationals in Zambia on charges of illegal mining and human trafficking, Chinese state media report, saying the arrests are "unjustified" and "unacceptable" by the authorities in the southern African nation's justice system.
Two Kilcoo GAA players have been suspended following an investigation into allegations of racist abuse during a football final in Belfast last month, BBC Sport has learned from the club's management and the Ulster Council that one player is to be banned for six months and another for four months.
Australian Nick Kyrgios needs to "look in the mirror" if he wants to become a top player and win Grand Slams, says John McEnroe after the Australian's shock Wimbledon defeat by Andy Murray at the age of 20 was the latest in a series of setbacks.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto have held a rare face-to-face meeting in Mexico City, where they discussed border security and Mexico's contribution to the US economy, in a bid to avoid a showdown over a proposed border wall.
A drug used to treat type-2 diabetes may extend the lifespan of mice by up to five years, a study in mice has suggested, in what is thought to be the first case of its kind in animals in the animal kingdom, says the US National Institute on Ageing.
A man has died after being attacked in a "targeted attack" outside a Denbighshire shop in what police have described as a "truly shocking" attack by two men in a car park, police have said in a post-mortem examination.
Widnes Vikings prop Chris Bailey, forward Josh Cox and prop Chris Dodds have left the Super League club by mutual consent after their contracts came to an end this season.Â£20,000 compensation payments have been made to them by the Rugby Football League for their release.
Police have appealed for information after a car crashed into a building during a police pursuit in Glasgow city centre.No-one was hurt when the vehicle hit a building after officers gave up their pursuit.Â£10,000 worth of cannabis was found in the back of the vehicle.
Sunderland midfielder Andrea Giaccherini has joined Italian Serie A side Fiorentina for an undisclosed fee on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further year on the club-record deal for a further 12 months.
Archaeologists have uncovered "significant" finds in the grounds of a medieval castle during an archaeological dig ahead of a new museum, it has been claimed by Durham University.Â£1.5m worth of artefacts have been discovered.ÂÂ£500,000 worth of Roman and medieval coins and jewellery.
The Sun newspaper's former editor Kelvin MacKenzie has been accused of racism over comments he made about a mixed-race footballer in a "racist" column.Liverpool's mayor has called it "racist and prehistoric" and a "racial stereotype" of the city.
Torquay United have been taken over by a Hong Kong-based investment group (GI) group for an undisclosed fee, subject to approval by the National League club's governing body, the Football Supporters' Trust (TUST) and the club's local authority.
Vulnerable adults in police custody in England and Wales are not getting the support they need because of a lack of appropriate adults, a report by the Home Office has said, calling for a review of the way they are cared for in the courts and in police stations.
Here is a full list of players who have been named in the British and Irish Lions squad for the 2013-14 tour of New Zealand, which began in June 2013 and ended in June 2014.Lions' captain Sam Warburton has been named as captain for this year's tour.
Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored their first goals for Manchester United as they beat Leicester to move nine points clear at the top of the Premier League with three games of the season still to play after a goalless draw at Old Trafford.
Non-payment of the BBC licence fee should be made a civil rather than criminal offence, the government has said, in a bid to ease the pressure on courts in England and Wales, the Daily Telegraph has reported, after a cross-party bid by a Conservative MP.
The UK will offer EU citizens who have lived in the UK for five years or more the same rights after Brexit, the prime minister has said, as she sought to reassure EU leaders that no-one will be forced to leave after the UK's departure from the bloc.
A member of the Barcelona terror cell has told a Spanish court that the group had planned a series of attacks in the run-up to last week's attack in the Spanish city, which left 13 people dead and more than 100 injured, judicial sources have told the BBC.
A drug dealer accused of murdering a man with a crossbow has told a court he had "absolutely nothing" to do with the attack and blamed it on a "Geordie man" who wanted to buy a bag of cannabis.Â£20 worth of cannabis was brought to his flat by a rival dealer.
A convicted murderer who absconded from a South Yorkshire prison has been recaptured by police after spending more than a week on the run, South Yorkshire Police have said in a statement to BBC South Yorkshire's Victoria Derbyshire news website.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to his capture.
Rory McIlroy says he will be fit to play at the US Open after recovering from injury in time for this week's first major of the season at Erin Hills in Wisconsin, Wisconsin.Â£7.5m is on offer to the winner of the US Championship.
David Lammy has said he is considering whether to enter the race to become Labour's next leader, after the party suffered its worst general election result for 70 years in May's 7-5 loss to the Conservatives in the general election and a hung parliament in June.
A former NHS chief executive has admitted defrauding the NHS out of more than £11,000 to pay her husband for work she never did, a jury has been told as she changed her plea to guilty to one of two charges of fraud and fraud by gross negligence.
Google has launched a new service to let advertisers monitor the impact of its online advertising campaigns on the offline world, such as where people shop and how much they spend in shops and restaurants.The company has been criticised as "creepy" after it announced it was going to monitor what people buy online.
A woman has been sexually assaulted after being picked up in Edinburgh and taken to a layby in Midlothian in the early hours of the morning and dumped in a car park, police have said in a new appeal.Â£10,000 reward has been offered for information leading to an arrest.
The population of the UK increased by more than 500,000 between mid-2013 and mid-2014, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS), the latest official figures have shown, with net migration adding more than 250,000 to the growth rate over the same period.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League champions, which will keep him at the club until 2020."We must work even harder to stay at the top of the table," said the Blues boss after agreeing a new deal.
Guernsey have been handed their first home FA Cup first-round tie in five years after being drawn away from home in the first round of the competition's first-ever qualifying round in the island's history on Thursday night, BBC Radio Guernsey has learned.
A report into the controversial Garden Bridge over the River Thames in London has recommended the project should be scrapped because it is not value for money for the taxpayer, it has said in a 40-page report.Â£200m of public money has already been spent on the project, the author of the report says.
A busy road in central London has been closed after a burst water main flooded a cinema and a number of shops and restaurants in one of the city centre's busiest shopping areas, it has emerged, leaving some people needing to be rescued from their homes and businesses.
"Death, taxes and the Renewable Heat Incentre (RHI) scheme" is the headline on the front page of the Belfast Telegraph on Thursday's front page, which features the words of Sir Winston Churchill, the founder of the British Empire, who died last week aged 91.
The husband of a dentist who was arrested on suspicion of murder after his wife took her own life has said the last few days have been the "worst of his life" and he has asked for privacy to allow his family to "come to terms with our devastating loss".
A former Texas police officer has been charged with murder in connection with the shooting of a black teenager who was killed by a white motorist, the Dallas County District Attorney's Office has said in a press conference on Wednesday.Â£1.5m (US$1.6m; $1.8m) has been put on trial for his murder.
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's remarks about Bangladesh's Prime Minister Sheikh Hasina's "despite being a woman" stance on terrorism have sparked a flurry of reaction on social media, with some saying it was a "gaffe" and others saying he could have chosen better words.
British rower David Pitcher has set off for the Atlantic for a second time, this time to attempt to break the world record for the fastest solo crossing of the Atlantic Ocean from the Canary Islands to Tenerife in a carbon-fiber boat, where he plans to spend 40 days living on board.
Cristiano Ronaldo scored the only goal of the game as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0 in the first leg of their last-16 World Cup qualifier in Lisbon to take a big step towards qualifying for Brazil in the play-off for next summer's tournament in Brazil.
Five men from the UK have been released on bail after spending more than two years in jail in India on charges of piracy, piracy-related offences and weapons offences, it has been confirmed by an international maritime lawyer who is close to a maritime lawyer involved in the case.
The strategic district of Sangin in Helmand province in southern Afghanistan is one of the last remaining strongholds of the Taliban in the area, which has been under the control of government forces since the end of the Soviet-led invasion in 2001.Â£1bn worth of opium has been seized by the Taliban over the last two years.
A former prisoner of war who survived the Nazi death camp at Auschwitz says football "saved his life" during World War Two, and his fellow prisoners' lives as well, as well as those of thousands of others who died in the Auschwitz death camp during the Holocaust.
It's Glastonbury time again, which means it's that time of year again when thousands of people will descend on Worthy Farm in Somerset for one of the UK's biggest music festivals, the Festival No.4, to celebrate the music of the past, present and future.
Twelve people had to be rescued from the roof of a Nottingham hotel after a fire broke out in the early hours of the morning, the fire service has said, adding that it is believed to have been caused by a faulty fridge freezer in the building.â€™s fault.
Ivory Coast has been told to stop drilling for oil in a disputed maritime border area in the Gulf of Guinea, after a UN tribunal rejected a request from Ghana to suspend all new drilling in the area for up to two years, the BBC has learned from the tribunal.
More than 150 motorists were caught using their mobile phones while driving on the roads in a year-long police crackdown, it has been revealed, which led to the deaths of four people on the M40, M4, M27 and M3 motorways.
Footballer Ched Evans has been told by a judge he is not here to judge the morals of anyone who has given evidence in his rape trial, but to "assess only the evidence you have heard in this case" and "judge the morals" of the complainant.
When Stuart Hogg was ruled out of the second Test against New Zealand with an ankle injury, the British and Irish Lions coach Warren Gatland had to make a quick decision about who to pick at full-back for the third Test against the All Blacks in Wellington on Saturday.
A conservation group has criticised the Scottish government after illegal beavers were found on a river in Tayside in what it claims is the first case of its kind in the Highlands since the animals were reintroduced to Scotland last year.The animals must be removed, the environment secretary has said.
Two men have been seen on the roof of a block of flats in Bridgend town centre, police have confirmed to BBC Cymru Wales news agency Wales News Service (WCWS).A large fire has broken out at the site of a building in Rhyl.
Sunderland have sacked manager Dick Advocaat after just eight months in charge of the Premier League club, with the club still without a win in the top four of the English top flight this season.Â£1.5m has been paid to the club for his departure, reports BBC Radio Sunderland.
The former chief executive of a young people's services company has been accused of bullying staff and using the term "freeze and squeeze" to silence them, the BBC has learned.Â£3m of public money has been spent on a company run by a black and minority ethnic (Bristol) woman.
More than 1,000 solar panels are to be installed on homes in Kirkcaldy as part of a £14m scheme to help reduce household energy bills and help tackle fuel poverty in the area, a council has said.Â£3.5m will be spent on the project.
Andy Murray says it is "not ideal" that there are no junior British players in Grand Slams and has criticised the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA) for not doing enough to promote the sport in the country's academies and training centres in the UK.
Northampton Town captain Scott Richards says manager Chris Wilder has been a key factor in the club's success this season, after the League Two champions were crowned champions on Saturday night at the Kassam Stadium on the final day of the season's play-off final round.
Great Britain's Greg Rutherford missed out on a place in the final of the long jump at the World Championships in Beijing after failing to clear the first hurdle in his final qualifying session at the Olympic Stadium on Friday."I think I need to apologise to my mum and dad," said the Olympic champion.
Prime Minister Theresa May has said the families of the 96 Hillsborough victims have "never faltered" in their fight for justice after 27 years of waiting for the "full truth" about the 1989 disaster to come to light, in a speech to the House of Commons.
The RSPCA has appealed for information after a pony was found dead in a remote part of Lincolnshire with a large hole in one of its legs and three large holes in the other two in the middle of the animal's hooves, in what it said was a case of deliberate abandonment.
Thousands of unaccompanied child refugees who have made it into Europe will be allowed to come to the UK, David Cameron has said, in a U-turn on his pledge not to encourage more people to make the dangerous journey to reach the UK alone from the Middle East and Africa.
Newsnight presenter Jeremy Paxman Paxman has shaved off his full beard, saying he no longer needs to do so because he has grown a beard for the last few years, and that the BBC is "pogonophobic" about beards and "bias" against them.
Rock band Coldplay have topped the UK album chart for the second week in a row with Alternative Light Source, their first full-length studio album in four years, the Official Chart Company has announced.Â£1.5m has been spent on the record so far this year.
Cuban President Raul Castro has announced a series of reforms aimed at modernising the communist-run country, in a speech to the National Assembly of the Communist-run government.The assembly has approved a package of reforms that will cut more than one million state jobs and boost the private sector.
The six teams for the inaugural Women's Cricket Super League will be based in the south west, north and mid-west of England, it has been announced on the launch day of the new competition in London.Â£3.5m will be spent on the inaugural competition.
The number of students going to further education colleges in Northern Ireland has fallen by more than 20% in the past three years, according to official figures released by the Department for the Economy and the Northern Ireland Unionist Party (NUS-USI) has said it is "alarmed".
The bodies of hundreds of migrants have been recovered from the sea off the Libyan coast after two boats capsized on Thursday, the Red Cross has said, as the death toll from the tragedy rises to more than 200.Police in Italy are investigating the deaths of more than 500 people.
A ceasefire has started in the city of Aleppo in Syria, which is the largest city in the country and one of the largest cities in the Middle East, in order to try to stop fighting between government forces and rebel forces fighting for control of the city and the surrounding area.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock has praised the bravery of ex-footballer Andy Woodward, who has come forward to say he was sexually abused by a coach as a youth player in the 1970s and 80s.Â£500,000 in compensation has been paid to him by the National Football League.
Work has been given the go-ahead on three major regeneration projects as part of Dundee Waterfront's £1bn redevelopment of the city's waterfront, it has been announced to the BBC Scotland news website.Â£500,000 worth of contracts have been awarded to contractors.
Ulster have appointed forwards coach Jim Clarke as their new forwards coach for the 2017-18 season."I'm looking forward to a new challenge," said Clarke after agreeing to take up the role at Kingspan Stadium in Belfast.Â£500,000 is to be invested in the club's training ground.
Leeds Rhinos hooker Chris Galloway has been ruled out for the rest of the season with a ruptured Achilles tendon in one of his legs, the Super League club have confirmed.The Scotland international will miss the start of the World Cup through injury.
United States Ryder Cup captain Davis Love III has named Bubba Watson as one of five vice-captains for this week's match against Europe, his first since taking over from Phil Mickelson in 2008, and says it shows how "together" the US team really is.
Lewis Hamilton says he hopes his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg does not impose team orders on him to avoid a repeat of the crash that left them separated by 11 points at the top of the Formula 1 world title standings this season."It would be a mistake to do so," says the Briton.
The families of 10 British soldiers who died in World War One have been told they are among 10 soldiers who have been identified from remains found in France more than 100 years ago, it has been confirmed by a DNA sample taken from one of the men's relatives.
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgeny Seleznyov scored their first goals of the World Cup qualifying campaign as Ukraine beat Slovenia 2-0 in Kiev to reach the second round of the play-off against Moldova on away goals after a goalless draw.
Ospreys director of rugby Dean Rees says the Welsh region were "devastated" by their 26-17 defeat by Exeter Chiefs in the European Champions Cup quarter-finals, but insists they did not over-play the game in the second half.
Motorists have been able to drive on Scotland's newest motorway for the first time since the end of last year after the final section of the new road opened to traffic on Monday evening in Edinburgh.Â£1.5bn worth of improvements have been completed.
The Football League is celebrating its 150th anniversary this weekend and we've been taking a look at some of the rules and regulations that have been in place since the beginning of the competition. Check out the rules here! Click here for all the latest from the BBC Sport website.
Serena Williams says she does not deserve to be paid less than male players because of her sex, and has called for more respect for women in sport.Â£100,000 in prize money should be paid to women's players, rather than the men's counterparts, she says.
Children and young people are being left "on the brink of serious mental illness" because of a lack of support for their mental health, according to a new report by a leading mental health charity for young people in the UK and the rest of the world, it says.
A Palestinian man suspected of killing two Israelis and an Israeli Arab taxi driver in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv on Sunday has been shot dead by security forces, Israeli police say, ending a week-long manhunt and a major manhunt across the country, officials say.
A man who attempted to murder a father-of-three in a knife attack has been jailed for seven-and-a-half years and ordered to serve at least three more years in prison for a second attack on the same man in the space of three months.
A California woman accused of conspiring with her boyfriend to kill her boyfriend and dispose of his body has posted a bail of more than $100m (Â£65m) in cash and property to avoid being released on bail, US media report, in what could be the highest ever bail in the county's history.
The number of people completing a key early years education course in nurseries in England has fallen by almost a third in the past year, new figures show, leading to fears of an impending recruitment crisis in the sector in England and a fall in the quality of care.
The chair of the US Federal Reserve has said the case for an interest rate rise this year has "strengthened" and that the US economy is "narrowly close" to the Fed's goal of "maximum employment and price stability" but should be "gradual".
(Close): Shares in bookmaker Paddy Power fell more than 7% after it reported a loss for the final three months of last year following a "disappointing" performance in the final few months of the year, sending the FTSE 100 down 0.15%.
When I first met my fake girlfriend, I thought it was a great idea - I'd meet someone who would be my "girlfriend" for a week, and she'd be my girlfriend for a month, and I'd pay her to do all sorts of things for me.
A tennis player who overcame financial difficulties and obsessive compulsive disorder to win a Black History Month award has spoken of her pride at winning the award for the year's best young black person in Welsh sport and performing arts at the first ceremony of its kind in the Senedd.
A 15-year-old girl is in a critical condition in hospital after being hit by a car on a pedestrian crossing in Edinburgh.Police have appealed for witnesses following a hit-and-run crash in which she was struck by the car on the A90.
Joe Root has been confirmed as England's new one-day captain after Alastair Cook stepped down from the role to become a father, but what does that mean for the rest of the Test cricketing career for the 26-year-old batsman who has been backed to succeed him?
Hundreds of people have attended a meeting in Manchester to condemn the use of a Muslim as a terrorist in a counter-terrorism training exercise staged in the city centre last month.A police apology was "not enough", it has been claimed at a public meeting attended by Muslim leaders.
Star Wars actor John Boyega is giving back to the theatre company he grew up in in Peckham, east London, by becoming an honorary member of the theatre's youth theatre company for the next three years, to raise money for the arts.Â£10,000 for charity.
Dundee moved up to third in the Scottish Premiership with a comfortable win over Ross County at Tannadice that moved them to within two points of second-placed Hamilton Academical at the top of the table with three games remaining. Click here for Match of the Day highlights.
The government has been heckled by MPs as it defended its record on the state pension for women in their 50s and 60s during a Commons debate on the issue of so-called "Waspi women" on apprenticeships and the age at which state pensions are due.
Plans to transform a 19th Century building in Ceredigion into a centre of culture and learning have been given a £1m boost after it was awarded £1.5m in lottery funding.Â£1m of lottery money has been secured for the project.
Institute will be without a home game for at least a month after the club's Drumahoe ground was flooded during Storm Desmond on Tuesday night and is expected to be out of action for the rest of the week, reports BBC Radio Londonderry.
Notts County have appointed former BBC Radio Nottingham presenter Chris Fletcher as chief executive as part of a new team of senior managers.The League Two club have also appointed three new business executives to their backroom team.Â£1.5m has been invested in the club by owner Alan Hardy.
Germany has imposed border controls on its southern border with Austria in a bid to cope with the huge influx of migrants from the Middle East and Africa into the country, and to distribute the burden more fairly among the 16 federal states where it is popular with the public.
Sediment from the deep sea is being used to study the ancient climate of the Indian Ocean more than 8 million years ago, it has been revealed by a University of Exeter scientist.Â£1m of UK funding has been awarded for research into the study of climate change.
Thousands of Kenyan doctors and nurses have gone on a nationwide strike in a dispute over pay, leading to chaos in some public hospitals across the country on Sunday night and Monday morning, as thousands of patients were left without any medical care for the first time in a decade.
Three US marines have been killed and two others injured in an aircraft crash off the Australian coast, the US Marine Expeditionary Force in Australia has said in a statement to the US media and the BBC News Agency (Nasa).The search for the missing crew is under way.
A plastic corn snake has been rescued by the SSPCA after it was spotted by a concerned passer-by in a park in Wrexham, the charity has said in a Facebook post on its Facebook page, which has been shared more than 1,000 times.
The first of eight new Royal Navy Type 26 frigates will be built at the upper Clyde shipyards next summer, the UK defence secretary has announced in a visit to Govan and Scotstoun in North Lanarkshire, securing jobs for the next 20 years.
Afghan special forces have ended an attack on a hospital in the capital, Kabul, in which at least 20 people were killed, officials say, in what is believed to be the first attack of its kind in the country's capital in more than two years.
The Prince of Wales has led the Royal Welsh Fusiliers in a traditional parade in Conwy to mark the 150th anniversary of the Royal goat parade in the town where the tradition began.Â£10,000 worth of goats have been given to the regiment by the Queen.
More than 100 Indian nurses who were held captive by Islamic State militants in Iraq have returned home to the southern Indian state of Kerala after being freed by their captors, local media reports say, after a three-day ordeal.Â£1.5m in ransom has been paid for their release.
St Johnstone's Ryan Anderson says he is "not bothered" by claims that Rangers defender Kieran Kiernan punched him in the ribs in a corner during the Scottish Premiership match at Ibrox last week, but believes the player deserved to be punished for his actions.
Luton Town chief executive Gary Sweet says the club's rise to the top of the English Football League is the start of a "rebirth" in non-league football."We have done everything we can to get back to where we want to be," says the Hatters' director of football.
Livingston twice came from behind to draw with Brechinchinchin City in the Scottish League One play-off semi-final first round.Â£500,000-rated Brechin City suffered their first league defeat of the season as they were held to a draw by Livingston.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he would allow his MPs a free vote on whether UK air strikes should be launched against Islamic State militants in Syria, if ordered to do so by the party's ruling group, the 1922 Committee, to decide how to respond to the threat.
A reconstruction of the face of a Copper Age man has been produced by Dundee University experts who have reconstructed his skeleton from the remains of a pot and beaker he was buried in more than 2,000 years ago.Â£50,000 worth of artefacts are to go on display at a new exhibition.
US health officials have linked an outbreak of E. coli linked to a Chipotle Mexican Grill restaurant in several US states to a "common meal item or ingredient" served at the eatery in those states earlier this month.Â£2.5bn (Â£1.9bn) in sales is likely to have been the source of the outbreak, the company has said.
The mother of a teenage girl who went missing in Chicago after an alleged sexual assault was streamed live on Facebook says she is afraid to return to the neighbourhood where her daughter was allegedly attacked by a group of teenagers.The mother says she fears for her daughter's safety after the attack.
Tsai Ing-wen is a woman who has never been a politician; she is a lawyer by trade, a former government minister by trade and a former national security advisor to a man who believes Taiwan's future lies in the hands of the island's people, not China.
British number two James Ward says Andy Murray's run to the last 16 of Wimbledon is a boost for British tennis as he and fellow Briton Jamie Murray prepare to face each other in the last 32 on Saturday."I've got to worry about my match," says the British number two.
A Swansea MP has called on the government to back the £1bn Swansea Bay tidal lagoon, saying it would be a "disgrace" if Chancellor George Osborne "pulls the plug" on the £2.5bn project.The council leader has written to Prime Minister Theresa May asking for a "positive and speedy decision" on its future.
The number of animal cruelty cases in Wales fell last year, the RSPCA has said, despite a rise in the number of rehoming appeals and more people accepting advice from the charity's helpline in Deeside and the Vale of Glamorgan.
Formula 1 returns to action this weekend for the first time since the 2014 season, with the Australian Grand Prix the first race of the 2015 campaign taking place in Melbourne on Sunday, 2 March.Here's your guide to the 2015 Formula 1 season, starting with the season opener in Melbourne, Australia.
A coach carrying passengers was evacuated from the M6 Toll carriageway in Staffordshire after a report of smoke coming from a bag, prompting a security alert, the BBC has been told by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) and Staffordshire Police.
Four London councils spent more than £1m on legal fees to try to stop Heathrow Airport building its third runway, it has been revealed, after the High Court case against the project was struck out in January, BBC London has learned.Â£1.5m has been allocated for further legal action against the airport.
Heavy rain and strong winds from Storm Axel have caused flooding and travel chaos in northern Germany, with roads and power cuts across much of the country, as well as thousands of plastic eggs arriving on an island in the Baltic Sea, reports say, as temperatures plunged to -41C (0.4F).
The coffins of five women who died fighting against Nazi occupation have been laid to rest at the Pantheon in Paris as part of a ceremony to mark the 70th anniversary of the end of the Nazi occupation of France in World War Two on the same day.
An 83-year-old woman is in hospital after being attacked by a man who broke into her home in South Lanarkshire and attacked her with a hammer and a knife before fleeing with cash and jewellery, police have said.Detectives are appealing for information.
American Charley Hoffman took a four-shot lead in the first round of the Masters at Augusta National as the US Open champion returned to the scene of his greatest triumph to win the tournament for the first time since 1999.Defending champion Danny Willett was the only player to break 70 on the opening day of the tournament.
Plans to automatically pardon gay and bisexual men convicted of sex offences in Northern Ireland have moved a step closer after the executive agreed to support the move in the Northern Ireland Assembly.Â£1.5m of funding is to be used to bring in automatic pardons for such convictions.
A teacher who used a personal email account to contact a pupil has been struck off the teaching register after a disciplinary panel found her fitness to work was "inadequate" and her conduct was "disproportionately" poor in a number of areas, it has been revealed.
A classic car festival in Coventry has been axed indefinitely after the city council decided not to renew its two-year contract with the organisers, it has been announced, with the loss of thousands of pounds of council funding for the event's two-and-a-half years.
More than 1,000 people have come forward to police investigating allegations of historical child sex abuse in football in the UK since the scandal erupted, figures show, with 17 of the country's 17 police forces now looking into the issue, the BBC has learned from a police watchdog.
Phil Taylor will face Peter Wright in the Premier League play-off final on Thursday after the Scot beat Dave Chisnall to reach the last four of the PDC World Championship for the first time in his career at the age of 55.Â£1.5m.
Imagine having to change on the floor of your car or squish yourself into the back of a car just because there isn't a toilet to do so in your local shopping centre or leisure centre or on a public transport system where you don't need to spend a penny.
A Syrian activist group says one of its members has been shot dead by Islamic State (IS) militants in northern Syria, in what the group says is the latest in a series of attacks on the group's members.Â© AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Reuters
Young people are being let down by a "confused" system of vocational and academic education, according to a report by the House of Lords Education Select Committee on the Social Mobility and Skills Select Committee (SMSC) and the Education and Skills Committee (ESCC).
China's search engines have joined forces with the government to crack down on online banking websites that are being used by criminals to steal the login details of millions of people, state media report, citing a crackdown on "phishing" scams in the wake of a wave of data thefts.
Video replays are being used for the first time in Major League Soccer in the United States, as the sport looks to expand the use of the technology across the world by the end of the year.Â£1.5m (£1.2m) will be spent on the technology in the next three years.
Reigning champions Zambia have been drawn in the same group as hosts South Korea in the group stage of the Fifa Under-20 World Cup in South Korea next month, while defending champions Argentina have been paired with Argentina, Uruguay and England in the other group stage.
If you're having nightmares or trouble sleeping because of something you've heard in the news, you might want to check if you can talk to your parents or friends about what you've been reading or watching on your phone or tablet or computer about the news events that have happened.
Tributes have been paid to a prison officer who was killed in a bomb attack in east Belfast last week, as well as those who have paid their respects to him, following his death from his injuries in hospital.Here is a selection of reaction from Northern Ireland's politicians and commentators.
Venezuela has deployed 17,000 troops to its border with Colombia in a bid to cut down on the smuggling of cheap goods into the country, amid a worsening economic crisis in the oil-rich South American country.The border has been closed for the first time in more than a decade.
Poland has one of the world's largest media markets, with more than 20 million people watching television, radio and online content on a wide variety of platforms.Â£1bn is spent on advertising each year, and the economy is worth more than £1.5bn.
British number one Johanna Konta was knocked out of the Madrid Open in the last 16 as she lost 6-4 7-6 (7-5) to Karolina Pliskova in the quarter-finals of the tournament in Madrid.Novak Djokovic beat Tomas Berdych 6-3 6-2 to reach the last eight.
Work has started on a £10m retail development in Merthyr Tydfil which will see a major new store built on the site of a former Brickworks.com factory.Â£5m worth of retail development work has been completed, it has been announced.
Wales Under-20s player James Botham has been called up to the squad for the World Rugby Under-19 Championship in New Zealand on a one-month youth loan from Cardiff Blues to the Welsh Rugby Union.Â£10,000 prize money has been awarded to the club by the International Cricket Council.
Michael Matthews won stage nine of the Tour de France as Chris Froome retained the leader's yellow jersey for a second year in a row with a breakaway victory in the penultimate stage of the race in southern France on Sunday.Â£1.5m-rated Orica-BikeExchange rider Adam Yates retained the best young rider's jersey.
If you have been sexually abused by a member of the public, or have been the victim of a sexual offence, there are many ways you can get help and support for yourself and others affected by sexual abuse or abuse.Â£1,000 is being offered to victims of sexual abuse in the wake of the Savile scandal.
The withdrawal of heavy weapons from rebel-held areas of eastern Ukraine is due to start on Saturday, as part of a deal between the rebels and pro-Russian rebels to end the conflict in the region by the end of the month, Ukraine's officials say.
Royal Mail has warned of a "material risk" to the future of its letter delivery business, as it warned that competition is threatening its ability to deliver letters to all parts of the UK at a cost of £1bn a year.Â£1bn could be lost if it does not act now, it has warned.
Daniel Radcliffe has admitted he is "by far one of the least educated people on Shakespeare and Hamlet" as he prepares to take on his first Shakespearean role on the London stage - but he says he does not want to play Hamlet just to tick it off his list.
The Russian government has awarded the Order of Courage to four women wounded in an attack on a hospital in the Syrian city of Aleppo, the Kremlin has said, a day after a mortar attack on the building killed two Russian medics and wounded four others there, including a child.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt says New Zealand will be "full-strength" for Saturday's rematch between the sides in Dublin, which will be the first time the Irish have beaten the All Blacks in a series of three meetings between the two sides in the last five years.
The director general of the Argentine police, General Rodolfo Palomino, is to be investigated over allegations of sexual abuse, Attorney General Luis Carlos Ordonez has said in a press conference in the capital, Buenos Aires, on Wednesday.Â£1.5m (1.6m; $2.2m) has been seized from his personal bank account, he said.
Lionel Messi scored his first La Liga goal of the season as Barcelona came from behind to beat Atletico Madrid and move up to third in the table.Â£75m signing Neymar scored twice for the second time in three games this season to help his side reach the last 16.
Romania Fed Cup captain Ilie Nastase has been sent off from the court during Johanna Konta's Fed Cup quarter-final in Romania after being sent off for abusing the British player and calling her a "bitch" during the tie.
Leicester City striker Jamie Vardy has been named in the shortlist for the Ballon d'Or award, which is voted for by world football's best players.Wales' Gareth Bale and Manchester United's Cristiano Ronaldo and Juventus goalkeeper Gianluigi Buffon have been included in the 2016 World XI.
Leyton Orient have extended the loan spell of midfielder Luke Young until the end of the season after he signed a new one-year deal with the League Two club.Â£1,000 compensation has been paid to the player by the National League club for his release.
At least 20 people have been killed in two explosions on buses in the Kenyan city of Kasarani, police say, after a car bomb attack on the main road to the capital Nairobi left at least eight people dead and more than 50 injured on Sunday.
A 15-year-old girl has told a police officer she had sex with Sunderland footballer Adam Johnson after receiving a text message from the player, a court has been shown in the first of two sex acts she has described to the player's sexual activity with a child.
British driver Justin Wilson has died after being involved in a crash at the United States Grand Prix of IndyCar on Sunday, the sport's governing body has confirmed in a statement on his death on its website, citing "unprecedented" injuries sustained in the race.
A four-year-old girl who was airlifted to hospital after a crash which killed her mother, uncle and three other people has made a "significant recovery" in hospital, her father has said in a statement to the BBC Wales news website, it has emerged.
Belfast boxer Paddy Barnes suffered a shock defeat on his professional debut as he was stopped in the first round by Dimitar Slavchev of his fight in Belfast on Saturday night in a non-title eliminator for the vacant WBO European title in Russia.
Theresa May has said she is "confident" Donald Trump will support a post-Brexit trade deal with the UK when she meets the new US president in Washington next week.Â£1bn-a-day trade talks between the two countries will be "very frank" and "very open", she says.
The UK's gross domestic product (GDP) is one of the key indicators used by the Bank of England to determine the health of the UK economy, and is used by policymakers to set interest rates and set the UK's interest rate policy, but how does it measure growth and is it accurate?
The education secretary has launched a new online resource to give teachers and school leaders in Scotland access to evidence about effective interventions to improve the education of children in the classroom and close the attainment gap between the most and least disadvantaged children.Â£1m of funding has been secured by the Scottish government.
Greece has said it will not take Britain to court to force it to return the Parthenon Marbles, a key part of its long-running dispute with the British Museum over the ancient monument's ownership.Â£1bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) is to be spent on legal fees.
The coalition government has overspent by £2.5bn in real terms on social security since 2010, according to a new analysis of official spending plans by the independent think-tank forecasts for 2015-16.The government has failed to meet its target of cutting the deficit by £19bn, it has emerged.
Albania qualified for the Euro 2016 finals with a comfortable win over Armenia in Yerevan, while Portugal sealed top spot in Group I with victory over 10-man Serbia in their final Group I match in Belgrade on Tuesday.Â£1.5m will go to the winner of the play-off.
A committee of MSPs is to review the safety of high-rise flats in Scotland in the wake of the Grenfell Tower fire in London on Thursday night in which cladding panels failed fire safety tests in some tower blocks in the UK and in the Republic of Ireland.
Odion Ighalo scored twice as Watford beat Newcastle to move off the bottom of the Premier League and end the Magpies' three-game winless run in the top flight for the first time since November 2014 and move them out of the relegation zone.
Work has started on the first phase of a £10m regeneration project in Fishguard, Pembrokeshire, as part of a master plan to regenerate the town centre in the centre of the town for the next 10 to 15 years, it has been announced.
A prominent Ukrainian opposition figure, Olexander Kalashnikov, has been found dead in his flat in the capital, Kiev, local media report, bringing the death toll in recent days to at least seven.Â£1.5m ($1.6m; $2.2m) has been spent on his funeral.
It is a book that could not have come at a better time for Nicolas Sarkozy, as he prepares to run for the French presidency in next year's centre-right primary election, writes the French journalist and former adviser to the ex-president, Patrick Buisson, who has accused him of "acts of treachery".
Wrexham are in talks with Plymouth Argyle over the potential signing of striker Jordan Harvey, reports BBC Radio Wrexham on Friday night after he rejected a new deal at Plymouth Argyll & Prenton Park on transfer deadline day.
The room in which the Duke of Wellington slept when he died is to go on display at Walmer Castle as part of a new exhibition marking the 200th anniversary of his death in the grounds of the stately home where he was resident from 1829 to 1852.
People feel happier and more relaxed when they watch aquariums with more fish in them, according to a study carried out by researchers in the UK and the US at the National Marine Aquarium in Exeter and the University of Exeter in the Republic of Ireland.
Easyjet is developing flying robots that can carry out inspections of its planes, as part of a range of new technology being developed to help the airline run its fleet more effectively and safely.Â£1bn budget airline is planning to use drones to help sort out technical problems.
The first official trailer for the new James Bond film Spectre has been released, giving fans a first glimpse of the spy's new look for the first time since 2005's On Her Majesty's Secret Service, and has been described as "so much better" than the teaser.
More than 300 jobs are to go at a Walkers crisps factory in County Durham which is to close with the loss of more than 400 jobs, it has been confirmed.Â£1bn-a-year production is to be moved out of the site.
A new music video studio has opened in Granada, in north-west Spain, which was once used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on the TV and film for the film industry at the time of the Coldplay's Brit Awards in the 1990s.
Russian law enforcement agents have been visiting the offices of dozens of non-governmental organisations (NGOs) in the capital, Moscow, for the second time in a week, the BBC has been told by one of the organisations' human rights groups.The organisations say they have complained to the authorities.
Children who were vaccinated with the H1N1 flu vaccine Pandemrix are more than 16 times more likely to develop narcolepsy than other children, UK experts have said, consistent with earlier studies in Finland, Sweden, Ireland and Finland, according to new research.
Oxford, Cambridge and leading London institutions are among the top 20 most highly ranked universities in the world, according to the annual league table of the world's top 200.US and UK universities continue to dominate the league table, but there are warnings that "power is draining from the UK regions".
Two giant Welsh dragon sculptures have been unveiled at Caernarfon Castle in Gwynedd as part of a campaign to bring Wales' history to life in the form of a new permanent home for the giant reptiles.Â£1m has been invested in them to celebrate their arrival.
A financial adviser who conned clients out of thousands of pounds has been given a community payback order after failing to pay back the money she conned out of the company she used to work for, a court has been told in Midlothian has been ordered to complete unpaid work.
Parents in Australia are being urged to vaccinate their children against diseases such as measles and polio, in a push by the country's prime minister to protect them from the dangers of infection.Â£1bn ($1.1bn; $1.2bn) in welfare payments could be at risk if they fail to do so, media reports say.
Oscar Pérez, a Venezuelan special forces officer, has been on the run for more than a month after launching an attack on a military court in Caracas on Tuesday, which left 17 people dead and more than 100 injured, many of them critically.
The SNP is to take over two key Westminster committees, it has been announced after winning a majority of seats in the general election and becoming the party's third largest in Westminster for the first time in the UK Parliament's history, after the 2015 general election result.
Scientists have sequenced the entire genome of ash trees for the first time in the UK, the BBC's Countryfile programme has learned from the first batch of samples from a new project to help fight the disease that is destroying Britain's ash tree population - and it could save the trees.
With less than two weeks to go until Americans go to the polls, here's a look back at some of the key stories, quotes and quotes from the campaign trail that have dominated the news over the past few days, as well as the latest developments in the race for the White House.
Residents of a wealthy neighbourhood in San Francisco are trying to buy back their own street, after it was sold by the city over a tax dispute, in a deal described as "bizarre" and "shocking" by one of the city's homeowners' association lawyers.
Maxime Biamou scored a hat-trick as Sutton moved into the National League play-off places with a 3-0 win over Gateshead at Gander Green Lane, with both goals scored in the first half alone in the second half of the game.
Two French climbers have died while trying to climb the Matterhorn in Switzerland, the French Alpine Ski Federation (FSA) has confirmed to AFP news agency Agence France-Presse (EFSA) in France.Â£1.5m ($1.8m; $1.9m) of equipment has been found on the mountain.
Gonzalo Higuain has been suspended for four games by the Italian Football Federation after being sent off in Napoli's defeat by Fiorentina on Sunday.Â£13m striker has been fined £10,000 and given a one-match touchline ban.
Smoking is one of the biggest health problems in the UK, according to Public Health England, and it affects children in England more than any other areas of the country.Do you worry about the effects on your health when adults smoke around you? Do you think smoking is bad for you?
Residents at Bracknell's mental health unit are to be asked to give their views on the quality of care they receive from the NHS in a bid to improve the service they receive in the future, it has been announced.Â£500,000 is to be spent on giving patients a say over their care.
Plans to introduce a minimum price for alcohol in Scotland's pubs and clubs should be scrapped, a House of Lords report has said, calling for a review of the law that regulates the sector in England and Wales to be brought in across the whole of the country.
A £10m project to build a world-class surfing centre in north Wales has been given the go-ahead by the Welsh government after securing £3.5m funding from the Heritage Lottery Fund (HLF) and a £2.8m lottery grant.
The Cleveland Indians beat the Chicago Cubs 5-0 to take a 3-0 lead in the best-of-seven World Series after Corey Kluber pitched a five-hitter in the first game of Game One in Chicago.Â£1.5m-worth of damage was done to the Cubs' World Series hopes.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo said his team were "running around like ducks" during the Monaco Grand Prix after a tyre error cost him a second victory in two races in a row in his team's first competitive outing of the season in the Monaco grand prix.
Brighton & Hove Albion and Leicester City fans have been criticised for their "shocking" homophobic chanting during the Premier League match between the two clubs at the club's home ground, the King Power Stadium, on the day of the FA Cup semi-final.
A large bonfire has been set alight in Belfast city centre on the Eleventh night of July, in what is believed to be one of the largest bonfires in the city in recent years, the BBC has learned from the city's police and fire service.
Donald Trump's poll numbers are too high, his poll ratings are too low, he's too inexperienced to win the White House, and he's not even close to the Republican Party's standard-bearer in this year's mid-western swing states that have held out against the Democrats since 1988.
Denmark-born Adriana Purve-Jorendal, who was born in India in 1973, has finally met her biological mother after a 20-year search for her for which she has never been able to find a trace of her in the world's largest country.
Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo set the pace in first practice at the Hungarian Grand Prix as he continued his fine start to the season with a comfortable victory in the season-opening race.Â£16.5m budget Red Bull was the fastest car on the first day of qualifying.
A serial killer who murdered 13 women in the 1970s and 1980s could be moved to a high-security prison after being declared "sufficiently well" to be released from a mental health ward, it has been reported by the BBC.Â£250,000 a year could be saved if he is moved to jail.
Plans to move a Powys school to Welsh-medium education have been rejected by the council's cabinet despite a vote by the full council in favour of the move.Â£1.5m plans have been put back to the cabinet for a second time.
Blink 182 guitarist Tom DeLonge has denied reports he has left the band, saying he "never quit" and that "weird press releases" were "sanctioned" by the bandmates of his former bandmate Travis Barker and Mark Hoppus.
Firefighters had to cut a woman free from a tyre after she became stuck in a hole in a car tyre at a children's play park in Merseyside on Saturday.Â£1,000 worth of rubber was cut out of the hole to free her.
Manchester United defender Marcos Rojo is playing "emotional but very clean" football, according to manager Jose Mourinho, who has praised the defender's "phenomenal" recent performances for the Premier League club and says he should be given a red card for a dangerous tackle.
South Korea's President Park Geun-hye has said she will accept an independent investigation into a corruption scandal that has engulfed her government and left her facing calls for her resignation and an impeachment vote by the opposition to remove her from the job she has held for nearly four years.
A 23-year-old man has been charged with attempted murder after a three-month-old baby was seriously injured in a street attack in Rhondda Cynon Taff, South Wales Police has said.Â£10,000 bail has been set aside for a further court appearance.
A campaign has been launched to get Parliament to debate whether the death penalty should be brought back in the UK, after the Soham murders in London in which 12 people were killed by a man who was stabbed to death by a masked gunman.The majority of people would like it reinstated, according to opinion polls, a BBC investigation has found.
A three-year-old boy has died after an accident on a farm in Maguiresbridge, County Fermanagh, the health and safety executive has said.The boy's death is being treated as "unexplained" by the health service.
South African prosecutors are to appeal against the conviction of athlete Oscar Pistorius over the death of his girlfriend in his home, saying the sentence was "shockingly light" and "inappropriate" and would not have been imposed by any "reasonable court", reports say.
The owners of Dunsfold airfield in Waverley, Surrey, have lost a High Court challenge over the use of the site for "flight testing" and "unlimited" flights by commercial aircraft, the Court of Appeal has ruled in favour of the owners.
Oxford United will be without suspended midfielder Luke Murphy, who is nursing a hamstring injury, and could make his first start of the season against Newcastle United in the FA Cup fourth round at the Madejski Stadium on Wednesday night (15:00 GMT). Click here for all the latest team news and player quotes.
US retail giant Walmart has agreed a deal to sell its Yihaodian brand to China's JD.com in a deal worth $1.3bn (Â£1.1bn) to boost its presence in the country's e-commerce market.
A Conservative MP has accused the UK government of breaking a manifesto pledge not to devolve tax-raising powers to the Welsh assembly without a referendum on the issue, during a Commons debate on the Wales Bill in Westminster.Â£1bn of new powers for the Welsh Government will be devolved without a vote, the Welsh secretary has said.
UKIP says it would create a dedicated veterans' minister to help those who have served in the UK's armed forces, if it wins the general election in June 2015, and offer them jobs in the police, prison service and borders agency if it is in government.
A round-up of the best of the week's entertainment news, including the news that Luis Fonsi's Despacito has become the most-streamed song of all time and the death of Mission: Impossible star Martin Landau and the return of Game of Thrones star Kit Harington.
Ministers are "hardening" their stance on cutting green subsidies for the renewable energy industry, the BBC has been told by a government source, amid growing concern over the impact on household bills of the planned cuts on the industry and climate change targets set in Paris next year.
A memorial service is being held in Cardiff to mark the centenary of the work of a Welsh ambulance unit which served in World War One and later fought in France and Belgium with the British and Irish Army.Â£10,000 in honours is to be awarded to the men who served in the service.
Marcus Ellis and Marcus Langridge became the first British badminton players to win a medal at the Olympic Games after beating world number one Chris and Gabby Adcock in the quarter-finals of the men's doubles in Rio on Tuesday night in dramatic fashion.
It's been a busy week for London Underground, with the latest strike vote on the Night Tube, the closure of London Underground's Victoria Station and the decision by union leaders to call off a planned walkout over pay and working conditions on the London Underground and the RMT.
Coventry City's Supporters' Trust has condemned the "ugly" scenes that marred Saturday's League One defeat at Barnsley as a result of "desperation and desperation" among fans at the end of their "tens of thousands" season.
China and the US have pledged to work together to achieve the "peaceful" denuclearisation of the Korean peninsula, amid rising tensions over North Korea's nuclear weapons programme and its missile programme, officials have said in a joint statement on China's foreign ministry website.
A £500,000 donation has been made to help restore Glasgow School of Art's (GSA) fire-damaged Mackintosh building as part of an £80m expansion of its Garnethill campus.Â£1m of public money has been pledged by a leading philanthropist.
David Beckham has joined an air ambulance volunteer who saved the lives of 11 people in a rollercoaster crash to pay tribute to him at a bravery award ceremony in his honour, it has been revealed in a photograph.Â£10,000 worth of flowers have been presented to him by his heroics.
Stormont's environment minister Mark H Durkan has been found in breach of the Northern Ireland Executive's ministerial code in approving a controversial planning blueprint for Belfast city centre and outlying parts of the north east of the city, a High Court judge has ruled in a case brought by the DUP.
Portsmouth have signed midfielder Drew Talbot on a two-year deal following his release by League One rivals Chesterfield, with the option of a further 12 months at Fratton Park if he is not offered a new deal by the end of the season.
New Hartlepool United manager Craig Hignett says he has been "surprised" by the quality of the players he has inherited at the League Two strugglers, but insists he is ready for a "change in style" in his first game in charge of the club.
George Cole, who has died at the age of 91, was a veteran of more than 30 films and TV roles, including roles in The Great St Trinian's Train Robbery, The Vampire Lovers and The Belles of St Trinian's, among many others.
(Noon): The FTSE 100 opened lower, with shares in airlines and High Street firms among the biggest fallers, after the Bank of England's latest interest rate decision was widely expected to be as much as 0.25% lower than expected.
Thousands of firefighters in England and Wales are staging a one-day strike in a row over changes to their pensions, in a dispute over the age at which they will be eligible for retirement age changes, union officials have said, with the public being warned to take extra care this weekend.
"We will bring fast broadband to every home and business in the UK by the end of the decade." - David Cameron, in his speech to the Conservative Party conference on Sunday night - but what does this mean for the rest of the country, and who will be responsible for it?
Colombia says it has shut down an office in Havana that it believes was set up to sabotage peace talks between the government and left-wing rebels in Cuba and journalists covering the peace process in the country's capital, Bogota, and to sell information about the talks.
The Football Association has appointed Baroness Campbell as its new chief executive, with a focus on women's football and grassroots participation and getting more success for England's elite women's teams at the World Cup in Russia in March 2016, the Football Association said on Monday.
Manchester United midfielder Bastian Schweinsteiger has been named in their squad for the Europa League group stage, but has not been included in their first Premier League squad since returning to the club on a season-long loan from Borussia Dortmund in July 2015.
Two security guards have been threatened with a gun during an armed robbery at a bank in Glasgow city centre, the bank has said in a statement to the BBC Scotland news website.Â£50,000 of cash has been stolen from a cash machine.Police are appealing for witnesses.
US President Donald Trump has signed an executive order to withdraw the US from the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, his first major foreign policy move since taking office on 20 January, and vowed to cut taxes for businesses and cut regulations on businesses.The White House says it will block China from taking over disputed islands in the South China Sea.
The funeral has taken place of John and Anne Graham, one of six Scots killed in the Tunisia terror attack in which 30 people were killed, at a Perthshire crematorium in the wake of the terror attack on the beach resort of Sousse in June 2015.
A pair of Queen Victoria's silk bloomers have been put up for auction as part of a collection of items of clothing from the Queen's private wardrobe.Â£10,000 is expected to be paid for when the pair go under the hammer in Wiltshire next week.
Hearts head coach Robbie Neilson was furious with the challenge that led to Jack Payne being sent off in his side's 5-2 win over Fenerbahce on Wednesday night at Tynecastle on his return to Scotland's top flight after a season-long loan.
Wales football pundit Dean Saunders has been offered a free parking space at Birmingham Airport if his country win the Euro 2016 football tournament in France on Wednesday, the airport has said in a bid to help him out of his clothes shortage after Wales reached the semi-finals.
Kyren Wilson says his record-breaking performance in the German Open final was the "best match" he has ever played in snooker, but admitted he was "gutted" to miss out on a final-frame break record of five.Â£1.5m.
A growing number of household products are shrinking in price, according to a consumer group.Â£1.5bn worth of toiletries, sanitary products and toilet paper are among the products that have shrunk in size in the past year, it has been claimed.
Human remains found in a plastic bag at a nature reserve in West Yorkshire were those of a newborn baby girl, police have said, 12 months after her remains were discovered.A number of people have been ruled out of the inquiry into the death of the newborn baby.
Britain's Chris Froome failed to challenge for the Tour de France leader's yellow jersey as Jarlinson Pantano sprinted to victory on stage 15 of the race in the Jura Mountains on the French Tour de l'Amitieux border between France and Switzerland.
The government has confirmed that the main route for the HS2 high-speed rail line between London and Birmingham will run east of Sheffield, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield city centre.The route will cost £1bn less than the alternative options, the Department for Transport has said.
Chesterfield moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over 10-man Barnsley, despite being reduced to 10 men late in the second half with 10 men at the Oakwell Stadium, despite having a man sent off.
French energy firm EDF has said it expects to decide next week whether to invest £18bn in a new nuclear power station at Hinkley Point in the UK, which would be the first in the country for decades, the BBC has learned from the company.
A dead fin whale has been found washed up on a Norfolk beach, prompting a warning to the public not to venture too close to the carcass, a marine expert has told BBC Norfolk Live's Victoria Derbyshire news website (UK-Derbyshire).
A 21-year-old man has been arrested in connection with disorder at last month's Scottish Cup semi-final between Celtic and Rangers at Hampden Park, it has been reported to the procurator fiscal (PFA) in Glasgow and to the Public Prosecution Service.
An Iranian-Iranian woman who was due to travel to the US with her British daughter has been barred from leaving the country under new US visa rules, she has said in a series of tweets from the BBC Persian news website, which she says are "very unfair".
More able and talented pupils are not getting enough support in the education system, the head teachers' union Estyn has said in its annual report to the assembly, due to be published on Thursday, it has been claimed by a committee of AMs on the assembly floor.
A teenager who bit off half of a man's ear in a drunken rage has been jailed for four years and eight months for grievous bodily harm with intent and assault.Â£1,000 costs.Â€2,000 in fines and costs of £1,500.
Doctors and nurses have staged protests in cities across Australia to highlight the risk of being "gagged" by the government if they reveal details of health conditions in detention centres for asylum seekers, as the BBC's Marie McInerney reports from Australia's Manus Island.
The Ocean at the End of the Lane by Neil Gaiman has been voted the UK's Book of the Year by the public after winning the award for the second year in a row, it has been announced on the National Book Awards website Specsavers' website.
The Great British Bake Off is back on our TV screens this week - and we want to know who you think will win this year's Great British Baking Off... and who's going to be the best baker in the country! Click here to find out who!
A health regulator has launched an investigation into a cancer hospital trust in Manchester, the BBC has learned from the BBC's Monitoring Service (Monitor) that is being investigated by the Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt and the health regulator, the Charity Commissioning Board.Â£1.5m of public money has been withdrawn from the trust.
Scientists have recreated the fossilised face of Calvapilosa, the ancestor of all modern molluscs, to help them understand what they look like in the fossil record of the early days of the animal kingdom, more than half a billion years ago.
The Belfast Telegraph is looking for a new home in the city after announcing plans to move out of its current premises in Belfast city centre in the summer of 2016.Â£1.5m has been spent on finding a new site for its printing operation in the past year.
The parents of an SAS reservist who died after suffering heat illness during training have said they are "extremely disappointed" the UK government will not remove immunity from prosecution from the MoD when it is served with a crown censure over the deaths of their son's colleagues.
A man has been arrested after a stolen pick-up truck was stolen during a police chase.â€™s police chase, which ended with the vehicle being abandoned in Cambridgeshire, the BBC has learnedÂ€‚¬1,000.
Plaid Cymru's Lord Elis-Thomas has said there is a "serious constitutional challenge" to the way Wales is governed after he quit as party leader and AM as a result of the deadlock over the first minister's role in the assembly.
Donald Trump's election as US president-elect has brought with it a raft of new challenges for business, from Brexit to Brexit talks, to Brexit, to the UK's vote to leave the European Union, to Donald Trump's surprise victory in the US presidential election.
Amnesty International has accused world leaders of adopting "dehumanising" rhetoric and policies that could lead to "shameful" attacks on people's rights in the coming year, in its annual review of the world's most dangerous countries.Â© AP, AFP, EPA and Reuters
There has been a lot of talk about the dangers of the planned all-out strikes by junior doctors in the NHS in England this week - and it's not just the politicians and the unions who have raised concerns about the potential impact on the health service in the past few days.
Wales lock Luke Charteris is set to join Bath from French club Racing 92, BBC Radio Wales understands, subject to a medical and a work permit from the Rugby Players' Association (RWC). Click here to read the report on the potential move to the Premiership club.
Many of the notebooks of World War One poet Edward Thomas the Tank Engine are at risk of "high risk of further damage" and need to be conserved, it has been claimed after a grant was awarded to help preserve them for future generations.Â£3,000 has been made available to help with conservation work.
Matt Machan hit a career-best 139 not out to put Sussex on top against Worcestershire on day one of their County Championship Division Two match at Hove.Skipper Chris Read led the way with the bat as the visitors were bowled out for 298.
Former Barcelona midfielder Xavi believes Pep Guardiola can transform the mentality of English football if he is appointed Manchester City manager next season."Pep Guardiola is one of the best coaches in the world," says the Qatari legend, who played for the club when he was at the club.
More than 1,000 patients have been delayed in hospital for more than six weeks in the last three months, according to Scottish government figures seen by BBC Scotland.The NHS is continuing to miss waiting time targets, despite a pledge to cut the time to leave.
Maoist rebels in India are "appealing" to the railways to allow them to run trains through their strongholds even at night, a senior Maoist leader in the eastern state of West Bengal has told the BBC's Geeta Pandey in Kolkata.
Thousands of tiny knitted pullovers are being offered to knitters in Cambridge as part of a bid to promote the Tour de France in the city ahead of this year's race in the UK's capital city, it has been claimed by a cycling enthusiast who is hoping to knit thousands of them.
A man has been charged with wasting police time after an alleged robbery in Ballymena, County Antrim, was not the result of a robbery, the PSNI has said in a brief statement on its Facebook page on Sunday evening, but a "wasting of police time".
The Tunisian beach where a gunman killed 22 people, including six British tourists, has been deserted for more than a week, but not for long enough to bring back the sunbeds that were left standing on the spot where the attack took place, says Sabi, the owner.
Police in Florida have charged a 51-year-old man in connection with a fire that destroyed a mosque in the town where a gunman killed dozens of people last month, including a Muslim community leader and a US flag emblazoned with the Islamic State (IS) logo.
The Mountain Bathers Association (MBA) has urged hillwalkers to help clear up litter left in mountain bothy shelters in the Highlands and Cairngorms over the summer months as visitors to the area increase.Â£1,000 has been donated to the organisation to help keep bothies clean.
Wakefield ended a run of three straight Super League defeats with a hard-fought win over Catalans Dragons at the Halliwell Jones Jones Park to boost their hopes of a top-eight finish in the Super League play-off places and boost their own hopes of securing a home semi-final.
Gloucester centre Mark Atkinson has extended his contract with the Premiership club until the end of the 2018-19 season, with the option of a further 12 months at the Ricoh Arena.Â£1.5m has been added to his deal.Â© BBC Sport
Former England and Tottenham striker Jimmy Greaves has suffered a severe stroke just days before he was due to be inducted into the club's hall of fame, it has been confirmed by the club and his family, with his wife and four children by his side.
Celtic moved level on points with Aberdeen at the top of the Scottish Premiership as they thrashed Partick Thistle at Firhill to extend their unbeaten league run to 46 games and set a new club record for the longest unbeaten run in the top flight.
Queen's Park moved up to fourth in Scottish League Two with a comfortable win over Montrose, who remain without a win in the league this season after being held to a 3-3 draw at home by Berwick Rangers on Saturday.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the winners.
Burnley midfielder Chris Jones has signed a new four-year contract with the Premier League club, which will keep him at Turf Moor until 2020.Â£2.5m is the fee for the player's release, with the option of a further 12-month extension.
The Scottish Professional Football League (SPFL) has said it has been the victim of a third attempt to steal more than £20,000 from a Scottish Premiership club.Â£10,000 has been recovered by police following a cyber-attack on the club's account.
League One side MK Dons have signed Bradford City midfielder Luke Proctor on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m is on the table for the 2017-18 campaign.â€‚¬1.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he would force Mexico to pay for a border wall with a tax on its oil revenues if he wins the US presidential nomination in Wisconsin on 8 June, if he loses the state's crucial primary election on the same day.Â£10bn (Â£7.5bn) in oil revenues would be lost under his plan.
A second Conservative AM in the South Wales East has been forced to resign after finishing outside the top four places on his party's list of candidates for the assembly election.Â£1,000 in expenses will be paid to the party after he failed to win re-selection.
Ross County manager Jim McIntyre has been shortlisted for the Scottish Football League manager of the year award for a second time in three years.The 32-year-old is one of four nominees for the award, which is voted for by the Scottish Professional Football League's chief executive.
The UK's highest court has said it will hear arguments on Tuesday in a privacy case brought by a celebrity who wants to prevent the publication of his alleged extra-marital sex with a third man in a "three-way" sex encounter with his partner.
South Africa's President Jacob Zuma has been criticised by his own party and by some of his own allies for his decision to sack Finance Minister Pravin Gordhan and replace him with Finance Minister Nhlanhla Nkululeko, who was appointed by his predecessor, Thokozile Masipa.
Hull City have confirmed they are in talks to sell the club to a Chinese consortium for an undisclosed fee, subject to a takeover deal being agreed by the Chinese Super League club's Chinese owners, Hengfeng Huw Jenkinson and Hsu Ziyu.
The head of the lion shot by a US dentist in Zimbabwe is to be put on display in the Hwange National Park as a memorial to the "iconic" animal, a conservationist has told the BBC, after police seized it from the man accused of killing it.
Nicky Ajose's injury-time penalty rescued a point for Charlton as they drew at Gillingham in the League One relegation play-off semi-final first leg of their EFL Cup second round tie at Priestfield Stadium on Tuesday night, which ended in a 1-1 draw.
The government has announced changes to the child benefit system, which will see millions of families lose some of the money.The tax-free cash will be withdrawn for the first time for the highest earners from next year, it has been announced, as part of a package of changes to benefit payments.
The police and crime commissioner for Devon and Cornwall has announced he will not be standing for re-election in May 2016, saying he wants to spend more time with his family and focus on his work with the police force "in his 70s and 80s".
Swansea City have appointed Alan Curtis as loan player manager at the club until the end of the season after he stepped down from his coaching role with the first-team squad on Monday."I jumped at the opportunity," said the former Wales striker on his return to the club.
Children's football matches have been cancelled because travellers have set up camp in a car park next to a youth football club's changing rooms, the club's chairman has said, causing the club to cancel all of its fixtures this weekend.A council has said it is investigating the situation.
French cultural institutions have reopened following Friday's attacks in Paris, in which 130 people were killed and many more injured, the government says, but the Eiffel Tower will remain closed for a second day to mark the start of a three-day period of national mourning.
London Welsh have been knocked out of the British & Irish Cup after the tournament organisers cancelled their remaining fixtures because of "uncertainty" over the club's long-term future.Â£100,000 compensation has been paid to the club by the Rugby Football Union.
Dawid Malan hit a career-best 150 as Middlesex beat Glamorgan by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup at Lord's to reach the quarter-finals for only the second time in their history and end the Welsh county's hopes of reaching the last eight.
The boss of a troubled hospital has accused the health watchdog of "tittle-tattle" over a report which said it had made 300 mistakes in a bid to "trim the reputation of a popular hospital"."You should be ashamed of yourself," an MP has told the watchdog.
Police have released CCTV images of two people they want to trace in connection with a serious assault on a teenager in Aberdeen city centre, in which he suffered a serious facial injury and was left in hospital with permanent brain damage and a fractured jaw and eye socket in a serious condition.
The number of dog attacks in Wales rose by more than 50% in the last two years, figures obtained by BBC Wales show, despite a fall in the number of seizures made by police in the same period in Gwent, Gwent and Dyfed-Powys.
Heather Rabbatts, the first black and minority ethnic (BAME) woman to serve on the Football Association's board, is to step down after five years in the role, saying there is "still much to be done" to improve diversity in the game.
Jos Buttler became the fastest England player to score a century in one-day international cricket as his side beat Pakistan by eight wickets to win the five-match series 2-1 in Abu Dhabi.Â£1.5m prize money was awarded to the hosts for the series win.
Two people have been arrested after a husband and wife were killed when a car they were travelling in crashed into a group of cyclists, police have said, leaving them with "life-changing injuries" and a broken pellet gun in the back of their car.The families of the couple have said they are "devastated".
The founder of a Peebles-based tyre-fitting business has signed a deal with Michelin, which will see him take a 20% stake in the French tyre maker's tyre distribution arm Blackcircles.com, which sells to more than 1,000 independent garages.
Conservationists have said they are "disappointed" by a draft version of a report on the future of Wales' national parks and nature reserves, which they claim is "inadequate" and "unconvincing" in its current form.
Former England all-rounder James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket because of a "significant" back injury, ending a 16-year professional career in the county and one-day formats."I have always tried to give 100% commitment and effort whenever I have played," says Tremlett.
Motorists could soon be able to control their cars using virtual reality, thanks to a new system unveiled at the CES tech show in Las Vegas, the organisers have said, which they say is the first of its kind in the world of motorcycling and connected devices.
Three fishermen have been rescued after their boat got into difficulties while fishing off the Isle of Oban in Argyll. It is believed they were swept out to sea by strong winds and heavy rain.Â£10,000 worth of fish have been salvaged from the sea.
Poland's conservative Law and Justice party has won parliamentary elections, defeating the centre-right Civic Platform party, which has led the country's coalition government for the past eight years, exit polls show, with a majority of more than 140 seats in the lower house.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has said he is "frightened" that the US election will be rigged, saying he believes the system is "rigged" in favour of his rival Hillary Clinton and against his Democratic rival Bernie Sanders in November's vote.(Close):
The death of an 11-year-old boy could have been prevented if an optometrist had done her job properly, a court has been told as she went on trial accused of manslaughter over the boy's eye death, a jury has been warned by the prosecution.
Burton Albion moved out of the Championship relegation zone with a comfortable win over Birmingham City at The Hawthorns, who remain without a win in five games in all competitions this season after being held to a goalless draw at the Madejski Stadium on Friday night.
Huddersfield Giants forward Josh Garbutt says he is "very disappointed" after being banned for two games for punching an opponent in Saturday's Super League defeat by Widnes.Â£10,000 fine has been imposed on him by the Rugby Football League for the incident.
A memorial service has been held in Somerset for one of four men who went missing after their yacht capsized off the coast of Cape Cod in May, sparking a major search operation in the United States and the UK and the aftermath of a major air and sea search operation.
A £30m investment in Falkirk's local pension scheme could pay for the construction of hundreds of new social housing homes, it has been announced.Â£30m is to be used to help fund the building of affordable homes in the city.Â© Falkirk Council
Sean Dickson scored his maiden first-class century as Kent's batsmen struggled on day three against Derbyshire at Canterbury to leave the game delicately poised at the County Championship's bottom club.Â£1.5m Kent face a battle to avoid relegation from Division Two.
A man has been arrested after a woman was sexually assaulted in Cardiff city centre in the early hours of the morning, South Wales Police has said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) and BBC Wales News.com.au news website.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Mathew Nyaungwa reflects on his experience of working as a diamond miner in Sierra Leone, where some of the world's most valuable gemstones can be traced back to the 19th Century.
The government has given the go-ahead for the Â£1.1bn extension of the London Underground's Northern line to include two new stations in Wandsworth, south-west London, the BBC has learned from Transport for London (TfL).
Wales' transport minister has hit back at claims of a "conspiracy theory" over the future of cross-border rail services, saying it is "ludicrous" and "unrealistic" to suggest it is a conspiracy theory by Whitehall officials.
Tim Peake and Tim Peake took a break from their work on the International Space Station to play a secret game of Space Invaders while they were working on a new project together - and found a hidden game of the same game on board the space station too!
At least 20 people have been killed in a gun and bomb attack on a hotel in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou, a former French colony, the interior ministry has said, in what is believed to be the first attack of its kind in the country.
A 25-year-old man has died after his car was involved in a crash with a lorry on the A74(M) in Dumfries and Galloway, Police Scotland have said in a new release of information.Â£10,000 is being sought in connection with the crash.
A Bangladeshi man who spent 15 years in prison in Pakistan after illegally crossing the border from India has told the BBC that he "lost all hope" of ever being able to return to his home village in Chittagong, south-east Bangladesh.
A US company that sells software aimed at parents worried about their children's online activity has admitted that data from 80,000 of its customers has been leaked on the dark web, the BBC has been sent a link to the data."Much to our regret, we must inform you that data leakage has actually taken place," a spokeswoman for mSpy has told the BBC.
A farmer who went on a dating show looking for love has told Newsbeat he was threatened by Twitter trolls who threatened to kill him and his cows, and threatened to poison his cows if he didn't pay off his ex-partner's ex-girlfriend.
The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) has rejected a request from an MP to investigate corruption allegations surrounding the bidding process to stage the 2018 and 2022 World Cups, BBC Sport has learned from the SFO's director of public prosecutions that it will not launch its own investigation.
McLaren chairman Ron Dennis has been given an ultimatum by the Bahraini brothers Ojjeh and Mumtalakat that he must step down as chairman and chief executive officer of the Formula 1 team or face the sack, BBC Sport has learned.
A Spanish newspaper says it has seen evidence that Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy received millions of euros in illegal payments when he was a minister in the government of Jose Maria Aznar in the late 1990s and early 2000s.Â£11,000 was paid to him in 1998, the paper says.
A second migrant has been killed trying to cross the English Channel trying to reach the UK from France, bringing the number of deaths in Calais to three in less than a week, officials have said, as new security measures are introduced at the entrance to the Channel Tunnel.
Britain's Amir Yafai won the vacant WBC super-flyweight title with a unanimous points win over former world champion Omar Canellas at the O2 Arena in Birmingham on Saturday night to become the first boxer to be crowned world champion in British boxing history.
A country park criticised for closing early due to safety concerns is to extend its opening hours after a campaign by residents and campaigners.Â£1,000 in extra charges will be introduced to pay for extra security staff to monitor its car park hours, it has been announced.
A Sinn Féin MLA has apologised for a tweet he sent about a former Ulster Defence Regiment (UDR) member, in which he suggested he had harassed and shot people while a UDR member, the High Court has been told in a case brought by a victims campaigner.
Pakistan's Inter-Services Intelligence Agency (ISI) says it was aware of the location of the compound where al-Qaeda leader Osama Bin Laden was killed, but had not been able to warn the US of his presence for several years before the raid, it has said.
A US college student is taking legal action against the authorities over videos he posted on YouTube showing guns being fired from drones carrying weapons, including a flamethrower and a shotgun, according to the Associated Press (AP) news agency, which reports he was expelled from school over the videos.
Drivers have complained of "shock horror" at traffic congestion around the new Elephant and Castle roundabout in central London after a £25m revamp at the busy junction was completed, with some calling it "worse than ever" and "shockingly worse".
England one-day captain Eoin Morgan and Paul Stirling hit centuries as Middlesex cruised to a seven-wicket win over Kent in the One-Day Cup at Lord's to move top of the County Championship Division One North Group table with two games to spare.
Asian shares traded lower on Friday as investors remained cautious ahead of the US Federal Reserve's decision on interest rates next week, which is widely expected to be the trigger for a US rate rise next week.(Close): Japan's Nikkei share index closed down for the second day in a row.
The results of Iran's parliamentary elections have come in, and reformists have won a majority in parliament for the first time in more than a decade, according to the BBC's Tehran bureau chief, Hossein al-Khalili, who was in Tehran on Saturday to report on the results.
Rangers manager Pedro Caixinha has made the "perfect fit" signing of Bruno Alves, according to former Celtic defender Barry McCarthy, who believes the 35-year-old defender will give the Ibrox side "more bite" at the back.
Mae'r Goron eleni wedi cael ei llunio gan y gof arian, yn ôl Eisteddfod Genedlaethol Eryri, wedi dweud ei chyflwyno am awdl o gartref Merched y Wawr yn Ynys Môn.
A motorcyclist has died following a crash at an East Anglian speedway event, it has been confirmed to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire Today programme, but it is not believed to be a member of the club he was competing in.Â£50,000 worth of racing equipment was involved.
More than 800,000 pharmacies in India are to shut down on Wednesday to protest against illegal online drug sales, the All India Organisation of Chemists and Druggists has said in a press conference in the capital, Delhi (Dharavi) on Tuesday.
The news that Sarah Palin is backing Donald Trump in the Republican race for the White House has come as a surprise to many, but it's not surprising at all - and not just because she's a former Republican vice-presidential candidate, but also because of the two men's shared political similarities.
The man who owns and runs Wales' most famous botanical garden has been left "devastated" after it was devastated by flooding as the River Cadnant burst its banks and swept away many of its rare plants and artefacts, including a 200-year-old stone wall.
Nick Griffin has been expelled from the British National Party (BNP) and says he will not be making a political comeback, but how did he end up in this position in the first place, and what is his future in the party's leadership contest in May?
A new initiative aimed at helping children prepare for the transition from primary to secondary school has been launched at a primary school in County Armagh, as part of a drive to improve the mental health of young people in Northern Ireland and the wider education system, it has been claimed.
Two people have been arrested after a sheep painted on a street in Wrexham has been stolen from its temporary home, sparking a police chase, it has been reported to the National Crime Agency (NCA) and the Met Police's anti-terrorism unit.
Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp says Wales midfielder Joe Allen is yet to agree a new deal with the club, but has not ruled out the midfielder signing a new one-year deal with his current club, Cardiff City, when his current contract expires in the summer.
A former partner at the Isle of Man law firm at the centre of the controversy over the sale of Nama's Northern Ireland property loans has been questioned by the National Crime Agency (NCA) in connection with the Nama deal in Dublin last year.Â£7m has been recovered from a bank account allegedly controlled by a man from the island.
League One side Southend United have signed Aston Villa defender Adebayo Suliman on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Premier League in the summer of 2018, with an option to buy at the option of a permanent deal.
MPs are used to the idea that they can make laws in the House of Commons by proposing and debating their own bills, and sometimes they can get their own law passed by the end of the day. But how often do they get the chance to do so?
The US has said it will release a further instalment of frozen funds to Iran to help Tehran meet its obligations under the interim deal on its nuclear programme, which is due to expire later this month, the state department has said in a statement on its website.
Great Britain lost their final warm-up game of the summer ahead of Eurobasket qualifying as they were beaten 84-77 by the Netherlands in Amsterdam.Â£10,000 of European Championship qualifying money was spent on a 3,000-ticket tournament in the Netherlands.
The Royal Bank of Scotland has unveiled its new polymer £10 note, which it says is the "most advanced" polymer banknote in the world.Â£10 notes have been introduced for the first time in 30 years, and will go into circulation on 1 September.
US President Barack Obama has visited the city of Dallas, Texas, where a gunman killed five police officers last week, in a rare visit to the US city where he is due to meet the families of the officers and their families later in the day to discuss police reform.
A passenger plane was forced to make an unscheduled landing in a remote part of Papua New Guinea after a snake wriggled its way on to the wing of the aircraft and held on for the whole flight - even though it had died by the time it reached land.
German media group Axel Springer has agreed to buy the business news website Business Insider from Amazon for $343m (£226m) in a deal that values the company at $1bn (Â£220m) and doubles its stake in the business.Â£1bn-a-year business.
Families in Warrington are to get free bus transport to and from their local swimming pool as part of an initiative to encourage more people to take up sport.Â£250,000 has been awarded for two new routes to the leisure centre in a bid to boost participation.
Nasa's Kepler telescope has discovered more than 200 'Earth-like' planets since it was launched in 2009, and it has now found 216 of them.Here are some of the most exciting discoveries so far.Â£1bn worth of new planets have been discovered by the telescope.
More than 100 puppies have been seized in a "shocking" attempt to smuggle them into Wales, the RSPCA and the Irish border force have said in a joint operation with the Irish SPCA and DSCPA (Dogs and Cats Protection Agency).
EU migrants from Eastern Europe should not be allowed to claim in-work benefits for longer than three months, UKIP leader Nigel Farage has said, saying it would be "mad" for the government to allow it to continue to do so in the short-term.
Durham University has been accused of wasting millions of pounds to demolish a "modernist" building in the centre of the city because it "looks ugly".Â£1.5m worth of work is needed to repair it, it has been claimed.
A Cotswolds landscape has been recognised for its contribution to the night sky with a Dark Sky Discovery award at an event in Chipping Norton on the Oxfordshire-Warwickshire border on Saturday night to mark the end of a year of volunteer work.
A body found in the River Severn has been confirmed as that of a man who went missing after a night out in the water last week, police have said in a police appeal for information.Â£10,000 has been made available to his family.
Michael Dunlop set the pace in Friday's opening practice session at the Ulster Grand Prix at Dundrod, Northern Ireland's biggest motorcycling event, with Peter Hickman and Bruce Anstey close behind on the Supersport front row for Saturday's Superbike races.
A Denbighshire beach hit by flooding last year could have to be strengthened to prevent it being hit by future storms, according to a report by the county council's flood risk management team, which is considering a secondary dune system to protect the area from flooding.
ScotRail is to run fewer trains on Sundays in a bid to resolve a dispute with train drivers' union Aslef over pay and conditions, the Scottish Trades Union Congress (STU) has said in a letter to its members in the UK and the Scottish government.
Hungarian Foreign Minister Beata Szijjarto has said Hungary will not backtrack on controversial new laws that could lead to sanctions from the European Union, despite pressure from the bloc's top diplomat to do so, the EU's top official in Hungary, Frans Timmermans.
If you look at the face of Jesus the Homeless, you might think: "He's a tramp, he's a beggar, and he's homeless, he needs a home and I'm going to find him a place to live in a city centre."
Topps, the company that makes sports cards, is offering free identity theft protection to customers whose payment card details may have been exposed in a hack attack, the firm has said in an email to its customers, reports the BBC's Tom Daley in New York.
India set South Africa a target of 300 to win the third Test in Delhi and take a 2-0 lead in the five-match series with a 3-0 series victory in the final Test.Â£1.5m prize money is on offer for the home side after the final match of the series ended in a draw.
Drivers caught using their mobile phones in Wales are putting their lives in "grave danger", a road safety charity has said, after a rise in the number of people being stopped by police for doing so in the first month of changes to the law in England and Wales.
Two teenagers have been arrested on suspicion of the attempted murder of a donkey which was stabbed 16 times at a community farm in Caerphilly county in mid Wales last month.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused to the animal, police have said.
A council-owned cemetery in Oxford has run out of suitable land for burials after more than £500,000 of public money was spent looking for a new site in the past three years, it has been revealed, with no luck so far in finding a suitable site.
Chris Brown is one of five people injured in a shooting at a nightclub in California, US police say, but it's unclear if he was the intended target of the attack.Â£1.5m worth of bullets fired at the venue.Â€‚¬1.
The US has agreed to sell military aircraft to Nigeria for the first time since a deal to sell them to the country was scrapped in January, US officials say.Â£500m worth of weapons will be sold to Nigeria, US media reports say, despite concerns over human rights concerns.
MPs have rejected a bid to change the law to make it clear that sex selective abortion is illegal in the UK, in a vote in the House of Commons Health Select Committee on Wednesday night, despite strong backing from more than 100 of its members to back the move.
Plans to build 4,000 new homes in a new garden village in Surrey have been unveiled by the local council which wants to meet government targets for housing in the area.A parish councillor has said it will not solve the problem of the housing shortage in her area.
Agriculture is one of the major sources of greenhouse gas emissions, which could threaten global food security unless urgent action is taken, the UN has warned, as it warned that "business as usual" would not deliver a secure world food system by 2030 if current trends continue.
A Cardiff theatre producer who defrauded the Welsh government out of more than £100,000 has been jailed for three years at Cardiff Crown Court for fraudulently obtaining public money for his own use and spending it on his own lifestyle, the court has heard.
Swansea City manager Paul Clement says he does not know if he will be able to speak to former Chelsea captain John Terry about his future at the club when he retires from football at the end of the current campaign, should he decide to do so.
Former first minister Gavin Robinson has criticised those campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union for using "fear tactics" in the EU referendum campaign to try to scare people into voting to stay in or leave the EU, he has told a committee of MPs.
Afghanistan's former police chief, Gen Abdul Rashid Zahir, has been replaced as head of the country's counter-terrorism department, the government has said, a week after he resigned amid a wave of deadly attacks in the capital, Kabul, and other cities.
The number of centenarians in the UK is expected to reach the 100,000 mark by 2047, according to a new report on the number of people who will have reached the age of 100 by 2035, the government has said in a report.
Butterflies could be extinct in England as early as 2050 if global warming continues at current rates, a study has found, raising concerns about the future of the "beautiful" and "vulnerable" creatures in the countryside.Â£1.5bn a year is needed to protect them from extinction.
A motorcyclist has died after being hit by a lorry on the A90 in Dumfries and Galloway, Police Scotland have said in a statement.Drivers have been warned to expect delays after the road was closed for "some time" following a crash.
A Cardiff-based call centre company is creating 300 new jobs over the next three years, the company has announced in a bid to increase its workforce by more than 100.5%.Â£3.5m is to be invested in a new centre for call centre services.
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks back at some of the more unusual stories from the continent this year, including a man who threatened to "impregnate" a female colleague and a woman who lived with a bullet wound to the head in Zimbabwe.
A 15-year-old boy has appeared in court charged with the murder of a father-of-three who was attacked in a shopping centre car park in Essex last year.Â£20,000 bail has been granted for the teenager accused of his manslaughter.
A father and son jailed for their part in a raid that led to the death of a man who was stabbed to death have had their sentences increased by the Court of Appeal.The father has had his jail term increased by more than 10 years on appeal, it has been announced.
Oldham in Greater Manchester has been ranked as the most deprived town and city in England and Wales, according to a study of the country's most deprived towns and cities by the UK's statistics agency, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) has revealed, with Sandwell in Essex the worst.
Olivier Awards host Alan Ball is to co-host this year's ceremony, it has been announced, along with announcing the nominations for the 2016 Olivier Awards for best actor and best actress in a musical or musical comedy or musical theatre award nominations, which will be announced later.
A tree is to be planted in a Carmarthenshire park to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of landscape gardener Capability Brown, who designed the grounds of Blenheim Palace and other stately homes in the 17th Century.Â£100,000 will be donated to the park by the National Trust to help mark the work of the renowned landscape architect.
The daughter of a British couple killed in a plane crash in New Zealand has paid tribute to her "everything" mother, describing her as a "special spin on life" who "lived her life to the max" and "lived life to its full". "It hasn't sunk in yet."
The number of Scottish businesses going into administration has fallen, according to the latest figures from accountancy firm KPMG's Scottish insolvency and administration department.The firm has said it is "encouraging" that a drop in the number of insolvencies is being reported.
All-Ireland qualifiers Cavan, Monaghan, Fermanagh, Derry and Mayo are among the teams that have made changes to their squads for Saturday's qualifiers.The All-Ireland Football qualifiers take place on the same day as the Ulster SFC semi-finals.
A police community support officer (PCSO) who passed on information about a violent drug dealer to a man he had met at a gym has been jailed for two years and eight months.A judge has described him as a "spy in the camp".Â£10,000 in fines and costs.
A man has been jailed for life for stabbing his landlord to death with a microwave oven after a row over the cleanliness of their West Sussex home, sparking a police manhunt that led to the discovery of his body in a car boot in the next 24 hours.
Viewsnight is BBC Newsnight's new place for ideas and opinion and features the views of those who think things are different to what they see on the other side of the Atlantic and the wider world, as well as those who see things differently to how they see them.
A Scottish man who went missing in India has been found safe and well, it has been confirmed by the Foreign Office and his friends and his family who have been trying to find him for more than a week to find out what had happened to him in the country.
Patient safety is at risk in the NHS's non-emergency 111 phone line because of "performance issues", a health watchdog has warned.A lack of staff and a lack of resilience to peaks in demand has led to concerns about patient safety.Â£1.5m of funding for the service is to be withdrawn.
Notts County have signed Mansfield Town striker Danny Green on a two-year deal after his release by the Staggies at the end of the season, with the striker saying he was "disappointed" by the way he was treated by the club.
An independent review into the welfare of Great Britain's taekwondo team has found no evidence to support claims of poor treatment of athletes, according to the City AM newspaper, which first reported on the findings in May 2016 and later published in the Sunday Times.
Glamorgan's top scorer David Lloyd hit his first Championship century of the season to help his side draw with Sussex at Hove on day four of their County Championship Division Two match.Â£1.5m-rated Glamorgan finished day four with the better of the two.
The chief executive of Scotland's only independent savings bank has been named as the new boss of Airdrie Savings Bank in North Lanarkshire, it has been announced.Â£1bn-a-year-old Scotwest Bank is to be taken over by a new chief executive.
A man who defrauded his victims out of almost £33,000 by borrowing and lending them thousands of pounds has paid back the money he made after a judge suspended his jail term for breaking the law, a court has been told in a bid to save him from jail.
The head of Jamaica's anti-doping agency has warned that the country's track and field athletes could be failing drugs tests at the "tip of the iceberg" in the wake of a series of high-profile positive tests in the last few months.Â£1.5m in doping scandals could be at the heart of the problem, he says.
Former Juventus boss Antonio Conte has been named as the new coach of Italy, with a three-year contract worth £100,000 a year.The Italian Football Federation has announced he will receive a bonus of £50,000 per year.Â£40,000 is to be paid to him as part of his deal.
Shrewsbury Town moved into the League One play-off places with a hard-fought win at home to Blackpool, who remain without a league win this season.Â£10,000 in the balance after being held to a draw by the Shropshire side.
The story of Greater Manchester's new tram system is one of the most eye-catching stories from the campaign for the UK to stay in the European Union (EU) - and it's a tale of how the money is being poured into the local economy by the EU.
The body of former Philippine President Ferdinand Marcos is to be moved to a military cemetery in Manila, President Rodrigo Duterte has said, a day after he ordered the removal of all public displays of the dictator's remains from the country.Â£1bn worth of assets will be confiscated, the army says.
More than 20 suspected victims of modern slavery have been found working in Chinese restaurants in the West Midlands, police have said in a series of raids.A man and a woman have been arrested in connection with the alleged exploitation of men and women.Â£1m has been seized in cash and property.
The number of migrants arriving on the Greek island of Lesbos has dropped dramatically in the past few days, according to local media reports.Â£1.5bn is being spent by the Greek government to try to get them out of the island, but the number of people arriving is continuing to rise.
An 89-year-old grandmother whose bike was stolen in a supermarket has been reunited with it thanks to the "wonderful kindness and caring" of well-wishers who offered to buy her a new one from their local cycling club after she failed to lock it.
Relatives of the seven people killed in the Clutha helicopter crash in Glasgow have said they feel "let down" by the investigation into the cause of the tragedy and the lack of a "black box" flight recorder to help solve the mystery of why it happened.
Mario Balotelli says he is prepared to leave the pitch if he is racially abused again by his own fans, and has threatened to quit if it happens for the third time this season.Roma have been fined 50,000 euros (£42,400) by Fifa for their fans' racist chanting.
A charity dinner is to be held in memory of two teenagers who were seriously injured in a rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers in Staffordshire last year, it has been announced.Â£10,000 will be raised for the victims' families and the fire service.
Vertigo has been voted the greatest film of all time, beating Ormiston Welles's Citizen Kane to the top spot in a poll of film critics and film-goers, ahead of the 50th anniversary of the release of the first film by director Alfred Hitchcock.
US authorities say they have captured David Sweat, the second of two convicted killers who escaped from a maximum security prison in upstate New York, after a three-week manhunt.Â£1m (US$1.2m) in frozen hamburger meat was used to hide hacksaw blades and screwdrivers in the escape tools.
A man has been charged with attempted murder after a police officer was seriously injured in a street attack in Lancashire, it has been revealed, leaving him in a critical condition in hospital for more than two months.Â£10,000 bail has been set aside for a further court appearance.
US drinks giant Coca-Cola has reported a sharp fall in profits as it continues to struggle with falling sales in Europe and other parts of the world.The company has said it is confident it can meet its full-year profit target despite the slowdown in some key markets.
All photographs courtesy of the Trapang Sangke community in north-west Cambodia, as part of an eco-tourism project to promote Cambodia's mangrove forests to Western tourists and bring in more visitors to the country's capital, Phnom Penh, and the surrounding area.
West Ham United have signed Ravel Morrison from Manchester United for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m, subject to a work permit and a medical, BBC Sport has learned from the Premier League club's press office in London.Â£3.5m is the fee for the teenager.
Republican presidential hopefuls in the wake of Wednesday's deadly shootings in San Bernardino, California, have been talking about the potential impact on US national security - and how the San Bernardino attack could be the start of a wave of terror attacks across the US, as the New York Times reports.
An Oxford University college has banned a student who wore a Ku Klux Klan hood to a party and a 19th Century violin is given to a young Syrian musician who was forced to leave his home country to live as a refugee in Europe.Â£1m is to be used to fund research into Motor Neurone Disease, the university has announced.
A man has appeared in court in connection with a police investigation into the supply of drugs in the Scottish Borders, including cannabis with a street value of more than Â£3,000, in the wake of a series of raids in the region.Â£1,200 worth of drugs have been seized during the operation.
Wales midfielder Aaron Ramsey says qualification for Euro 2016 "means so much" for the national team and they have "made the fans proud" by reaching the last 16 of a major tournament for the first time since 1958 in France and Germany in 1958."We are not fussy" about who they play, says captain Ashley Williams.
Councils in the north of Scotland have been struggling to fill teacher vacancies in the past few years, according to figures seen by BBC Scotland's economics correspondent, John Swinney, who has been following the issue for a number of years and visiting schools in the Highlands and Islands.
Hollywood star George Clooney has surprised a 90-year-old woman with flowers and a card to fulfil her wish of meeting her "great icon" George W. Clooney - by turning up at her care home in his own home to visit her in her own home.
Work to repair a sinkhole which caused the evacuation of more than 50 people when it opened up in a housing estate has started, a council has said.Â£1.5m of repairs will cost £1.6m to complete.ÂÂ£2m.
Leicester City's director of football Steve Walsh has left the club to join Everton on a two-year deal for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £10m, on a three-and-a-half-year contract with the option of a further 12 months.
Jon Walters will miss the Republic of Ireland's Euro 2016 games against Sweden and Belgium on Monday and Tuesday, but is expected to be fit for Tuesday's game against Italy in Lille because of a calf injury.Midfielder Robbie Keane will return to training on Friday.
Saracens and England scrum-half Owen Farrell has signed a new four-year contract with the Premiership club, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season, with the option of a further 12 months' extension.
A Royal Mail delivery man had a surprise when he returned home to find a parcel had fallen down the loo instead of the post box he had left at his house for his mum to pick up - and it wasn't just the postman who was apologetic.
Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored late goals as National League side Sutton United came from behind to beat League Two Cheltenham Town and reach the FA Cup third round at the expense of the Robins at Gander Green Lane in the second round for the first time.
All photographs by Gareth Iwan Jones/Institute for the National Portrait Gallery, Getty Images, Pentax 645 and 55mm lens and the same camera and lens combination and artificial lighting, used in a series of portraits of people in their caravanning days.
The closure of the Iraq Human Rights Abuse Team (IHAT) was a "bitter pill to swallow", a former soldier has said, saying it had "ruined lives" and "fuelled" post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD).
Former Nigerian state governor James Ibori has been convicted of money-laundering in the UK, after changing his plea to guilty at the start of his trial in London on corruption charges, a court in London has been told in a dramatic hearing in the capital.
A "hands-on" manager is being sought for a £50,000-a-year job at a hotel in the Scottish Borders, with the aim of making it the "funniest place to be" in the country this year.Â£50,500 is being offered for the best candidate.
Scotland coach Vern Cotter has no plans to field a second-string side against South Africa, according to winger Tim Visser, who has been named in the starting XV for the first time at a World Cup for the national side at the age of 28.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a mass breastfeeding protest in Staffordshire in support of a mother who says she received death threats for feeding her baby in public.Â£10,000 worth of leaflets have been handed out in Swansea in a bid to "normalise" breastfeeding.
Fleetwood Town reached the FA Cup second round for the first time in their history with a 4-1 extra-time win over Southport in an entertaining first-round replay at the Highbury Stadium on Tuesday.Â£10,000-worth of goals were scored in extra time as they progressed to the second round.
A woman who had to travel to England to terminate her second pregnancy has won a legal challenge against the Department of Health and Justice over its handling of the issue, her lawyers have indicated in court papers seen by the BBC News NI news website on Friday.The publication of new abortion guidelines means she has secured the relief she sought.
If you think you know who deserves a musical blue plaque, spare a thought for these 40 people and places - and you could be in for a surprise this week.Â© BBC Music Day 2016/The British Plaque Trust/BBC Local Radio.co.uk
More than 100 doctors and public health professionals have signed an open letter criticising the government's "withering" approach to the NHS in England in the run-up to the general election on 7 May.Â£1.5bn will be spent on private health insurance, it has been claimed.
The Mexican government says it has lifted a blockade of roads in the southern city of Oaxaca that has been in place for more than a month to allow food deliveries to tens of thousands of people affected by the country's worst teacher protests in recent years to enter the city.
A 6.8 magnitude earthquake has struck off the Pacific island nation of Vanuatu, off the north-west coast of the Pacific nation, the US Geological Survey has said, but no tsunami waves have been reported so far and no tsunami warnings have been put in place.
Australia's Prime Minister Tony Abbott has said he will ask the country's parliament to review its expenses rules after a row over a politician's use of public money for private travel was exposed by a series of memes on social media and memes about her use of the taxpayer's money.
A reward of up to £10,000 has been offered for information leading to the arrest of the killer of schoolgirl Caroline McKeich, 20 years after she was murdered in her home town of Kilmarnock in East Lothian.Â£5,000 is to be offered to anyone who can help catch her killer.
Gianluigi Buffonio Giaccherini and Luciano Pelle scored their first goals of Euro 2016 as Italy beat Belgium to reach the last 16 and set up a last-16 tie against Sweden or the Republic of Ireland in Nice on Friday.
Rory McIlroy and Thongchai Jaap van Zyl are tied for the lead at the Turkish Airlines Open as Julien Dubuisson and Ian Poulter share the lead after the second round at Istanbul's Maybank Golf Club with a share of the lead.
Great Britain skeleton skier John Swift has announced his retirement from the sport after 10 years with the Great Britain and GB Skeleton programme, saying he has "achieved everything he is capable of in the sport". He will retire from international competition at the end of the season.
Firefighters are still at the scene of a large fire at a thatched roof house in Suffolk, which broke out in the early hours of the morning and has been burning for more than 12 hours, the fire service has said, with no word yet on what caused it.
The body of a man who died at a Birmingham hospital was sent to a funeral company with the surname of a politician who had died in the same hospital, an NHS trust has admitted to a "distressing" mix-up in the wake of his death.
A new devolved authority has been criticised after councillors voted to increase its budget by more than £500,000 to £1.2m.The cost of recruiting 15 new staff has been estimated at £1m.3m - a rise of more than 50% on the previous year.
Britain's Gordon Reid and Jordanne Whiley reached the final of the Australian Open men's doubles for the second year in a row with a straight-set semi-final win over South Africa's Lucas Pouille and Radek Stepanek in Melbourne.
A huge snow storm has hit the east coast of the United States, causing travel disruption and disruption to thousands of people in and around Boston, Massachusetts, New York and New York state, as well as parts of New Jersey and Washington DC, in the US.
A man has died after his car was hit by a train at a level crossing, police have said, leading to the closure of the line between Bedfordshire and Bletchley in the east of England for more than an hour and disruption to rail services.
The Airports Commission's report into airport expansion in the South East has been criticised by Gatwick Airport as a "frivolous public relations effort" to undermine the authority's work and recommendations.The chairman of the commission has defended its work after it rejected the airport's case for Heathrow expansion.
Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Phillips says he would be "happy" to host a fight between Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko at Cardiff's Millennium Stadium in the future, if it is possible to find a venue suitable for the bout.
Kilmarnock manager Lee Clark has warned his side they need to change their mentality if they are to avoid relegation from the Scottish Premiership after promotion to the top flight for only the second time in his short spell in charge of the Ibrox side.
National League side Ebbsfleet have re-signed midfielder Ben Weston following his release by National League South side Yeovil Town on a two-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further year at the end of the season.
Retailer BHS has launched a new online shop selling clothes and accessories for the home, with the aim of attracting more than 1.2 million customers a year, the company has said, as it prepares to go live in the UK for the first time since its closure.
When Joba Rani's crops were destroyed by the recent floods in Bangladesh, she had to sell three of her cows to pay off the instalments on a microfinance loan she had taken out to buy food for her family and feed her children.
The Obama administration is in the final stages of drawing up a plan to close the Guantanamo Bay prison, the White House press secretary has told the BBC's Panorama programme on Wednesday night and will present it to Congress by the end of the week.Â£1bn is needed to close Guantanamo Bay, he has said.
Drivers on the Luas tram system in the Republic of Ireland have voted in favour of a pay deal after a long-running dispute over pay and conditions, the Irish government has announced on Friday.Â£1.5m in compensation is to be paid to the union representing Luas drivers.
A Conservative MP has been awarded millions of pounds in damages after being accused of profiting from trade with the so-called Islamic State (IS) militant group, in a libel case against Press TV and a UK-registered media company.Â£200,000 damages have been awarded to him over the allegations.
More than 100,000 people have signed a petition against a proposed trade deal between the European Union and the US, saying it would be bad for democracy and the rule of law in the EU and could harm the environment and the rights of ordinary citizens across the world.
Former Bolton Wanderers striker Gary Holdsworth has agreed a deal to take over the club, BBC Radio Manchester understands.The takeover of the Trotters is expected to be completed by the end of the week.Â£1.5m has been agreed in a deal that would see the sale of the club completed.
Scotland secured their first back-to-back wins in the Six Nations since 2001 with a hard-fought victory over Ireland at Murrayfield to move level on points with Wales at the top of the table with a point from two games of the tournament to go.
Scientists have successfully used a gene editing technique to shrink tumour cells in mice, a study suggests, in what is thought to be the first case of its kind in the animal kingdom.Â£1.5bn worth of cancer patients could benefit from the technology, say scientists.
The future of Lydney harbour in the Forest of Dean has been secured after a deal was agreed to transfer ownership of the site from the government to a fish smokery on the River Severn in Gloucestershire, it has been announced, BBC Wales has learned.
The 2011 Nobel Peace Prize has been awarded in Oslo, Norway, to three African and Arab women for their work promoting peace and human rights around the world.Â£1.5m (Â£958,000) will be awarded to the winner of this year's prize.
Belfast Capitals beat Cardiff Devils 2-0 at the SSE Arena to move level on points with Elite League leaders Cardiff Devils at the top of the table with three games remaining in the regular season and one game to go in the play-off round.
Kirsty Belcher won Great Britain's first medal at the Canoe Slalom World Championships with silver in the women's kayak K1 200m at the age of 19 at the World Canoeing Championships in Milan, Italy, but failed to qualify for Rio 2016.
Fire crews were called to the scene of the Smiler rollercoaster crash at Alton Towers "within minutes" of the first 999 call, the fire service has said.Alton Towers has said its security staff called 999 "straight away" when the accident happened.
A man has been detained by police in Sydney, Australia, after a bomb disposal team was deployed to the Sydney suburb of Bondi, near the Sydney Opera House, police have said, in what is believed to be the first such incident in the city in a decade.
Seven detainees who allegedly took part in unrest at Australia's Christmas Island immigration detention centre are being transferred to the mainland, the country's Border Force has said in a statement to the Australian Broadcasting Corporation (ABC) and the BBC's Panorama news website, which shows images of the aftermath.
Meat inspectors in the UK are to be forced to rely on a new hands-off approach to inspecting pig carcasses to check for disease, the BBC's Allan Urry has learned from a senior EU official who says it is a "backward step" and a "two-tier" system.
League One side Charlton Athletic Bilbao have re-signed Chelsea defender Ruben Dasilva on loan until the end of the season, with a view to a permanent move to the Addicks in the summer of 2018.Â£1.5m will be paid to the player's club.
A mother and grandmother have been found guilty of child cruelty after a disabled teenager was left blind in one eye after slipping out of his swimming ring and falling into a pool at a private school and being submerged for a minute and a half, a court has heard.
A building has collapsed in the Italian city of Naples, killing at least one person and injuring at least nine others, officials say, in what is thought to be a suspected earthquake-related tragedy, with at least two people still missing and many more feared dead.
Gateshead have signed former Hartlepool United and Carlisle United defender Paul Sweeney on a two-year deal."I was always going to come back to the North East," says the former England Under-21 international defender who hopes to play in the Football League.
Astronaut Tim Peake has been answering questions from children in front of a live audience of more than 1,000 schoolchildren in a live call from the International Space Station to the UK's space station on the BBC's Earth TV channel and the BBC World News website.
A man has been jailed for attacking his six-week-old baby son in a "cowardly" attack in Lancashire, leaving him brain-damaged and unable to walk for the rest of his life, a court has heard, as he evaded capture for months.
US teacher Nancie Atwell has been named as the winner of the world's most prestigious award for teaching excellence, beating off competition from 10 other finalists, including three from the UK and two from the United Arab Emirates and a blind blind man from Cambodia.
North Wales could benefit from the "Northern Powerhouse" if it is given more power by the Welsh assembly, the man leading the drive for the region's development has said, but it needs to be given the power to work with the rest of the UK to do so.
National League side Braintree Town have signed former Tranmere Rovers defender Gary McSheffrey on a two-year deal, with an option for a further 12 months if he is offered a further year at the National League North club, reports BBC Radio Solent.
Adele has refused to accept the best album prize at the Grammys, handing it to Beyonce instead, in a moment of confusion at the ceremony in Los Angeles on Sunday night - and appeared to offer a piece of her prize to her fellow nominee at the same time.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers said his side's 2-1 win over West Brom at Anfield was "vital" in their battle to avoid relegation from the Premier League."We showed character and resilience," said the Reds boss after his side beat the Baggies 2-2.
The UK government has agreed to set up a divisional patent court in Scotland, in a move hailed as a "fantastic victory" for Scottish inventors and lawyers.Â£1bn worth of innovation will no longer have to go to London or Europe to enforce their rights to patents.
Hollywood actress Lupita Nyong'o's dress for the Oscars has been stolen from a Los Angeles hotel where she was attending the ceremony, according to reports from the hotel where it was left on the night she was honoured with a best actress award, police have said.
Radiohead have revealed they were asked to write the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre, but it turned out to be something of a hit song of their own - and it's already been praised by critics and fans online for its "elaborate" sound.
Great Britain beat the Netherlands 3-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the EuroHockey Championships in Stuttgart on Friday night, despite being held to a goalless draw in the second game of the tournament.Â£10,000 prize money will be awarded to the winners and runners-up.
Police officers in England and Wales are being paid millions of pounds in overtime for working extra days, figures obtained by the BBC have shown, despite calls to cut the overtime bill in the wake of the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympic Games in 2012 and the rise in the overall bill.
Archaeologists have discovered walling from the 17th Century defences of Stirling Castle, believed to have been one of the most advanced in the British Isles at the time of the 1540s siege of the city, during work to modernise the site.
An ice cream company in the Canadian province of Alberta has said it will help save a rural primary school from closing, but only if it can afford to buy the building and lease it back to the local school board at a reasonable price."Somebody's got to step to the plate," one of its vice-presidents said.
A recycling firm has had its environmental permit revoked after a fire at a recycling plant in Manchester city centre, the fire service has said, despite repeated visits to the site by fire safety officers in the months before the blaze in which more than 100 tonnes of waste was destroyed.
It's the man who sold Steve Jobs and Jony Ive the iPhone - and now he's about to do the same with Sir Jonathan Ive's smartwatch, and Google's Glass - but what does that mean for Tony Fadell and his Nest division, and what does it mean for the rest of us?
The Football Association has backed Michel Platini's bid to become Fifa's next president, saying he is the "right man" to lead the sport's "tainted" world governing body into a "clean-up" election next month.Â£1bn-a-year presidential candidate.
Shrewsbury climbed out of the League One relegation zone with a hard-fought win over Gillingham, who remain without a league win for the first time in six games after being held at home by the Shropshire side on Saturday.
Plans to build a £100m sports and housing complex for Jamie Murray and Colin Montgomerie's partnership have been described as "inadequate" by a Stirling council report on the project.The business case for the project has been deemed "not sufficiently convincing".
The RSPCA has issued a warning about the dangers posed by pet raccoon dogs after one was found in the back garden of a house in Lincolnshire, where he is being cared for by a specialist animal rescue centre after being rescued by the police and wildlife officers.
Ed Miliband has had a busy day at the Labour Party conference in Brighton, where he kissed Barbara Jones, Barbara Jones and Barbara Jones - and then kissed Barbara's girlfriend, Christina Rees, at the end of his speech. And then Ed Miliband went back to the stage for the second day in a row.
The US military says it shot down a Russian fighter jet after it crossed the nose of a US aircraft over the North Sea, US officials have said, in the first such incident in the region since the Cold War and the Ukraine crisis began in March 2014, US media report.
Video-sharing service Snapchat has reported that its videos have now been viewed more than three billion times in the US, beating its own record set set by Facebook last year.Â£1.5bn (1.6bn euros; $1.8bn) in advertising revenue.
Mobile phone company Three has apologised for a fault that caused some of its customers to receive "unwanted" text messages and voicemails from unknown people, some of whom may have been sent to the wrong phone numbers, the company has said in a statement.
A Sydney school has banned students from clapping at its assembly, saying they should instead "punch the air, pull excited faces and wriggle about on the spot" in a bid to stop them fidgeting during an assembly, reports the Sydney Daily Telegraph.
Wales' four MEPs were picked out by just 12% of people who saw their names on the internet, according to a new survey of more than 3,000 people in the Welsh assembly election campaign, it has been revealed, with one MEP coming top of the list.
When the Daily Mirror first ran a story about Bruno Bruno in a mental health home in 2001, it was met with a mixture of derision and amusement from the sports pages and ridicule from the football world, with the headline reading "Bonkers Bruno locked up in mental home".
Welsh taekwondo fighter Lauren Williams says she is feeling the added pressure of competing at the European Championships after winning gold at the World Grand Prix in Germany for the second year in a row in the same year.Â£10,000 is on offer for every gold medal she takes home from the tournament.
Anthony Joshua has been told by the World Boxing Association (WBA) that he must agree a deal with Mexican Luis Ortiz to fight for the IBF world heavyweight title in London on 29 November.Â£100,000 prize money is at stake if the bout goes ahead.
Nigeria's National Football Federation (NFF) offices in Abuja have been cordoned off by police amid a power struggle between the two factions of the football federation's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) and the main opposition faction, the Giwa faction.
The RSPB has said the curlew is one of the most endangered birds of prey in the UK, with a population decline of 87% in Northern Ireland since the mid-1980s and a decline of more than 90% in the last five years.
Burnley defender Michael Keane has been called up to the England squad to replace the injured Andy Johnson in the under-21s squad for the World Cup qualifiers against Malta and Slovenia on 8 and 9 October, reports BBC Radio Solent Sport's Stuart James in Manchester.
French author Michel Houellebecqueq has won the prestigious Prix Goncourt for his novel The Map and the Territory, which tells the story of a Parisian artist who becomes the victim of a grisly murder in the 1970s and 80s, French media report.
A cyclist has died after being hit by a car in south-east London, the third death in the capital in less than 24 hours, the Met Police has said, adding to the number of deaths in the area in the space of 24 hours.No-one has been arrested.
France's Alexander Levy will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the BMW PGA Championship in Bad Griesbach, Germany, after carding a six-under-par 66 on day two at the weather-hit German event on Friday.
The former Battersea Power Station in south London has been put up for sale for the first time, with a price tag in excess of Â£100m, it has been revealed, in a bid to raise money to help pay off its debts.
Two Afghan soldiers have been killed in an insider attack on a Nato base in southern Afghanistan, the Nato-led coalition has said, in the latest such incident since the end of the war in the country in December 2014, it has said in a statement to the BBC.
Gregor Townsend says Glasgow Warriors' Pro12 semi-final against Edinburgh on Saturday will be crucial in finalising his Scotland squad for the summer tour to New Zealand and the Faroe Islands, as he prepares to take charge of his new national side for the first time.
Port Vale manager Graham Smurthwaite says he expects interest from Championship clubs to come in for goalkeeper Callum Smith, who is on a "boy's wage" at the club.Â£500,000 is expected to be spent on the Port Vale defender in the January transfer window.
At least 11 people have been killed in a light aircraft crash in Colombia, the Colombian air force has said, with the death toll expected to rise to 20 after an investigation into the cause of the crash.The plane was made in Spain, the country's civil aviation authority says.
Activity in China's vast factory sector contracted at its fastest pace in more than three years in July, according to a closely watched survey, adding to signs of a slowdown in the world's second-largest economy, which is set to hit growth at its slowest pace in three years.
Armando Izzo scored an own goal as Roma beat Genoa to cut Juventus' lead at the top of Serie A to four points, with one game of the season to go, as they began their title defence with a 1-0 win at the Stadio Olimpico.
A group of World War II Arctic convoys veterans have been awarded medals by the Russian embassy in London for their part in transporting supplies to the Soviet Union in the North Sea during World War Two and later on the Eastern Front in World War One and the Cold War.
Four men have been charged in connection with the discovery of an "extremely dangerous explosive device" in a house in Craigavon, County Armagh, police have said in a press conference on Monday afternoon, and the attempted murder of police officers in Lurgan, County Down.
Actress Dame Judi Denzel Washington has topped the UK album chart with her latest release, a tribute to the hit Broadway musical Les Miserables, after it was released in May last year and went straight to number one on its first week of release.
Human remains found on a motorway slip road in Shropshire have been identified as those of a man, police have said, following a post-mortem examination on the remains of a second body found in the carriageway of a slip road earlier this week.
The number of people infected with cholera in Haiti has risen to more than 7,000, the country's health ministry says, as efforts continue to prevent the spread of the deadly disease in flood-hit areas of the south-east of the country.
Free school meals for infant pupils in England's primary schools have been scrapped by the Conservative government - but what does this mean for the rest of us, and what does it mean for those who want to eat them - and what about the teachers and head teachers who want them?
The UK economy may have avoided recession in the first three months of this year, according to the Office for National Statistics (ONS) - but growth in the construction sector may have been revised down by more than previously thought.Â£1bn of government spending cuts are set to be announced later this month.
The Queen's comments about Chinese officials threatening to cancel President Xi Jinping's state visit to the UK are likely to be seen as highly embarrassing by China's elite, but what does it mean for the rest of the world and for the relationship between the two countries?
Wrexham have appointed Dean Keates as their new manager on a two-year contract after a successful spell in caretaker charge of the Racecourse side earlier in the month, with the option of a further 12 months in the job on a permanent basis.
A Stirlingshire man has been jailed for six months after being caught with herbal cannabis with a street value of more than Â£50,000 in a package sent to the UK via the post from Belgium, a court has heard.Â£20,000 worth of the drug has been seized from his home.
How can we improve the air we breathe and make sure we are breathing cleaner air, and how can we reduce the amount of air pollution we breathe in our homes and cities around the world, and what are some of the ways we can improve the quality of our air?
A 10-year-old pianist who performed at the prestigious Jazz at Lincoln Center gala in New York on Sunday night has become the youngest ever nominee for a Grammy award, making him a star of the show, according to many of his fellow performers and fans.
A 60-year-old woman has been arrested in connection with the death of a disabled man at a care home in County Antrim last year, police have said in a statement to the PSNI on Thursday evening (19:00 BST) and have been remanded in custody.
Campaigners for victims of the Thalidomide drug scandal are calling on the first minister to support a campaign to force the German government to recognise its responsibilities towards those affected in the 1970s and '80s, the BBC has learned from a meeting at Stormont.
Europe's Rosetta mission to comet 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko has picked up some remarkable new details about the comet that could shed new light on the early history of the Solar System, say scientists.Â£1bn comet-chasing scientists.
US Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump is facing a growing number of Republican endorsements after he was caught on camera saying he could "grab women by the pussy" in a 2005 video.Â£1m worth of women have come forward to say they are offended by the remarks.
A South African woman who appeared as an expert on the Oscar Pistorius murder trial has appeared in court accused of defrauding the athlete's family out of hundreds of thousands of rand (£28,600; $36,800) over four years, local media report.
Tommyardy Tomic said he was "disrespectful to the sport" after losing in the first round of Wimbledon to Alexander Zverev.The world number 59 says he will retire from tennis at the age of 34 because he does not "respect the sport enough".
A court in Brazil has dismissed a case against Barcelona's Brazilian star Neymar, accusing the club of financial irregularities in his transfer from Santos to the Spanish club.Â£200m (Â£150m) is to be paid to the player's former club.
Fidel Castro and Elizabeth II, the Queen's granddaughter, have celebrated their 90th birthdays on the same day - the first British monarch and the first head of state to celebrate their birthdays in the same year since the fall of the Soviet Union in Cuba in 1959.
A 15-year-old boy is in hospital with serious head injuries after he was attacked in a suspected "honour-based violence" attack in Blackburn, Lancashire, in what police believe was a case of mistaken identity and mistaken identity by a group of men.
Author and journalist Aaron Silberman has won the Samuel Johnson Prize for Non-Fiction for his book about the history of autism and how to think differently about people who think differently to those who think differently, the BBC's Book of the Year has announced.
England forward Alex Danson has been named in the Great Britain squad for their EuroHockey Championships warm-up match against world champions the Netherlands in the Netherlands later this week, after returning from injury for the first time in six months to play in a two-Test series.
A man has been arrested in connection with a series of "suspicious" fires which caused "significant" damage to more than 100 vehicles in Wiltshire, police have said, with damage estimated to be "well over £100,000" in some cases.
The son of the first minister and deputy first minister has said his mother was "appalled" when she found out he had joined the IRA and was a senior figure in the organisation at the time of the 1972 Bloody Sunday protests in Londonderry in which 13 people were killed.
More than 1,000 people from Northern Ireland have travelled to the Republic of Ireland to mark the 70th anniversary of the 1916 Good Friday Agreement, the Irish government has said in a letter to the Irish parliament (DUP) and the Irish Foreign Affairs Minister, Charlie Flanagan.
A County Tyrone man who admitted causing the death of a County Fermanagh woman in a head-on crash has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence for causing her death and injuring her husband and son, has been told he will not be sent to prison.
Two Turkish men have been found guilty of people smuggling, but acquitted of causing the death of Alan Kurdi, who drowned trying to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey to Greece last year, in a case that has gripped the world and drawn international attention.
South African scrum-half Ruan van Rooyen believes the prospect of playing in the new Pro12 could help him and his Kings team-mates earn more European rugby playing opportunities in the future, after his side's exit from the Super Rugby season.
Israel "deeply regrets" the harm caused to Palestinian civilians during last year's war in Gaza, a report by the Israeli foreign ministry has said, but denied it committed war crimes or crimes against humanity in the conflict with Hamas militants in the Gaza Strip in 2014.
If Scotland's World Cup qualifier against Germany on Monday in Frankfurt is anything to go by, then Friday night's 2-0 defeat by Poland in Frankfurt was the latest in a series of setbacks for Gordon Strachan's men in the build-up to this summer's finals.
Wales' Nathan Cleverly says he is confident he can upset WBO world champion Thomas Braehmer in his next fight, which he says could be his last world title fight if he loses to the 29-year-old German in October."I'm looking to become a two-time champion and I'm going to grab both hands."
Thirty-seven paintings by Sir Winston Churchill have been given to the nation in lieu of inheritance tax by his late wife, Lady Mary Soames, after she died last year, the Culture Secretary has announced on the eve of the 50th anniversary of the politician's death.
On the third anniversary of the Manchester Arena attack, the city is still reeling from the loss of 22 lives, but it is beginning to come to terms with what happened and is ready to move on - even if that means political campaigning has to wait until the general election campaign gets under way.
An elderly woman has been hit with a crowbar by a man who tried to rob her in a church in Londonderry, police have said, leaving her "shaken and with some bruising to her shoulder" and with a cut to her head.
Grime star Tinie Tempah Piaf is in the midst of a multi-million pound recording session at his home in south-east London, where he's been working on his third album, Youth, which is due to be released in the summer.
Aquascutum, the waterproof coat maker whose trench coats were worn by British soldiers during World War One and the first confirmed ascent of Mount Everest, is to be sold for $5m (Â£3.5m) to a Chinese firm.
Dozens of people have paid out double the amount they needed to withdraw money from a cash machine in North Lanarkshire after the wrong cassettes were placed in the wrong order, it has been claimed by the bank.Â£10,000 was taken out of the machine.
An academic building at the University of Bristol has been closed after asbestos was found in the roof of the building, the BBC has learned.Â£1m worth of asbestos fibres have been found in it, the university has said in a press release to staff and students.
Jersey's bid to join European football's governing body Uefa has been rejected by the governing body, the Football Association of England and Wales says it will not be considered by its congress in Brussels on Wednesday.Â£1.5m of funding has been withdrawn from the Jersey Football Association (JFA) because of the decision.
The government says it will increase the number of student doctor training places in England by more than 50% over the next five years, in what it says is the biggest ever expansion of the training programme in the country's medical school system in a single year.The British Medical Association has warned the plan will not tackle the "immediate shortage".
Chris Ashton scored two tries as Saracens moved up to second in the Premiership table with a bonus-point win over Bath at the Madejski Stadium, who are now winless in four matches in all competitions this season.Â£3m-rated Toulon winger Anthony Watson scored a hat-trick of tries.
National League side Macclesfield have signed Jack Kashket from Leyton Orient for an undisclosed fee and Southampton midfielder Alex Gape on loan.Â£10,000-rated midfielder Jack Gape has joined the club on a season-long loan deal from Premier League side Southampton.
It is one of the great joys of football - returning to the club where you first made your name as a player, coach, manager or administrator, even if it does not last the entire season or last the whole of your playing career, but it can still be a welcome one.
A woman who lost more than £300,000 after being "lovebombed" by a man she met on a dating website has spoken of the "horrendous" pressure of being conned out of her savings and life savings by a scammer she believed was in Turkey.
Japan's Supreme Court has ruled that a woman cannot change her maiden name after marriage, in a ruling that is likely to change the country's name-sharing laws.The ruling has been criticised by a group of women's rights activists, who say it is a blow to women's equality.
Scarlets full-back Ken Owens says Ospreys could be back in winning form after a run of three straight defeats in the Pro12 but is hopeful it is just a "glitch" and not a long-term trend."You can't win every game in the season, it will not happen."
Nottinghamshire captain Chris Read says the Outlaws are "full of confidence" ahead of their One-Day Cup Finals Day clash with Worcestershire on Saturday, 2 June."Maybe this is our year," said the 31-year-old.
Strictly Come Dancing star Ore Odelusi has revealed he was suffering from severe depression when he started taking part in the show last year, which he says was "an absolute saviour" in his battle with the illness and self-doubt.
Republican Mitt Romney is expected to announce this week whether he will pick a running mate to be his vice-presidential running mate if he loses the presidential election to Democrat Hillary Clinton on 8 November, but who will he pick and what kind of ticket will he go with?
The number of poppy fields in Afghanistan increased by more than 50% in the last year, according to the United Nations, despite efforts by the government to eradicate the crop from the country's soil.Â£1.5bn worth of illegal drugs was produced in 2016, the UN says.
The Supreme Court has ruled that parents can no longer be taken out of school without permission to go on holiday during a term time term, even if it's not for school holidays, in a case that has caused a bit of a stir in the legal world.
A woman jailed for running a prostitution ring linked to ex-Prime Minister Sir Edward Heath has said she has "no involvement" with him of any kind, the BBC has been told by her ex-solicitor, who was jailed for inciting prostitution in the 1990s.
Anyone who has had sex with another man for the past 12 months can now donate blood for the first time in the UK, but only if they have not had sex for the previous 12 months, as part of a one-year deferral period for blood donation.
Saracens have signed England hooker Calum Clark from Championship side Leeds Rhinos for an undisclosed fee, reported to be about £2.5m, subject to international clearance.Â£1.8m has been made available by the Rugby Football Union.
The Greek people will vote on 5 July on whether to accept the terms of an EU-IMF bailout, in a referendum that could be the most important since the country's financial crisis five years ago, and the first since the collapse of the Communist-led government in Athens.
It's been three years since England beat Australia in a one-day international at Edgbaston to win the Ashes series for the first time since Lord's in 2003.Here's a look back at some of the things we've learned this week about the state of cricket.
Lancashire's hopes of reaching the One-Day Cup quarter-finals were dented as rain washed out their match against Warwickshire on the final day of the group stage - but they still finished with a point to secure a play-off spot.
The Six Nations should not be reduced to a six-week tournament, says Welsh Rugby Union chairman Gareth Davies, who believes it would be "messing with players' health" and "a dangerous road to go down" in the sport's modern-day competitiveness.
A body has been found during a major search for a cyclist who went missing on a cycle path in Cornwall, police have said, but it is not yet known if it is that of a man who was last seen alive on Saturday afternoon or Sunday morning's sighting.
Work to restore two Victorian buildings at a north Wales cemetery is due to start in the autumn, it has been announced.Â£500,000 of lottery funding will be used to carry out the restoration work over the next three years, the council has said.
Nurses and pharmacists could be recruited to cover the gaps in the NHS in England to help deal with the shortage of doctors, a think tank has said, but unions have warned against using it as a "quick fix" for problems in the health service.
Thousands of people, including children, have left rebel-held eastern Aleppo after buses carrying evacuees and their families left the Syrian city, the Red Cross has said, after a new ceasefire deal was agreed with Syrian government forces to end the war in the city.
At least 140 people have been killed in an attack on a military airbase in the eastern Libyan town of Brak al-Shati, a UN-backed spokesman has said, raising the death toll from last week's fighting to at least 140.The UN says it is "outraged" by reports that some of those killed were executed.
How much would you have to pay back if you started university at the age of 19 and graduated with a degree in England and Wales, and you had to start on £9,000 a year for three years and leave with a debt of £54,000 by the time you leave?
Shadow education secretary Angela Powell has resigned from Jeremy Corbyn's shadow cabinet, with the appointment of Labour MP Angela Glass as his new education minister, the party has said in a statement to BBC News NI's Victoria Derbyshire news website on Thursday.Â£1.5m is to be spent on a new education department.
England and Scotland meet at Wembley on Saturday in their final World Cup qualifier before the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign gets under way in Russia."It would be irresponsible and unprofessional" for either side to get caught up in the emotion of the fixture, says Scotland boss Gordon Strachan.
The US-Russia relationship is "at a low point", Secretary of State Rex Tillerson has said, as he called for an end to what he called "steady degradation" in ties.The two countries' relationship.  is "not working", he said.
The government's Northern Powerhouse has been hailed as a "game-changer" for the north-west of England, but Cheshire's bid for devolution has lagged behind its neighbours in the race to take on the power of the region's newly created city regions.
A man from the Republic of Ireland has been remanded in custody charged with attempted murder after allegedly stabbing a man at a hotel in north Belfast while on holiday in Northern Ireland for the Euro 2016 football tournament.Â£2,000 bail conditions have been placed on him by a judge.
Uganda and Burundian troops fighting in Somalia say they have not been paid the last six-month stipend they are due to receive from the European Union (EU), the BBC has been told by the Ethiopian and Ugandan military chiefs in Addis Ababa.
An Australian man and a 15-year-old girl have been arrested as part of a counter-terrorism operation in Sydney, police have said, despite concerns about the girl's age and her alleged role in a plot to fund terrorism in the country before she was born.
The US space agency, Nasa, has developed a new material that could be used in space - it's called flexible carbon fibre, and it's been developed by scientists at the University of California, Los Angeles, in the US, to make it easier to transport in space.
Dog collies have been used to patrol beaches along the shores of Lake Michigan in the US in an effort to reduce the spread of E. coli bacteria, a study has found in the journal Microbiological journal Science suggests.Â£1.5m worth of research has been funded by the National Institute of Standards and Technology.
A rare bird of prey has been shot dead in a wooded area of Bedfordshire, the RSPB has said, in what is believed to be the first case of its kind in the UK in more than 100 years in such a small area of the county.
Jeremy Corbyn's opponents in the Labour leadership contest have been predicting a possible split in the party if he loses the contest, but what do they know about the new wave of new members who have joined the party in the wake of his defeat in the leadership contest and his refusal to resign?
Extra police powers could be used to stop and search football fans at the Champions League final in Cardiff over the weekend, South Wales Police has said.Â£1m of extra security measures have been put in place to deal with the event's expected influx of thousands of fans.
A Cambodian environmental activist has won the Goldman Environmental Prize for his work to highlight the plight of the country's forests, which he says are under threat from illegal logging and land grabs by the government and large-scale agriculture projects in the country, writes Mark Mark Mark on Twitter.
Christian Eriksen's injury-time penalty gave Tottenham victory at Manchester City to move them back into second place in the Premier League and increase the pressure on title rivals Manchester United and Manchester City at the top of the table with three games remaining.Â£50m Manchester City remain without a win in the league this season.
The world's poorest countries are the most dangerous places to be a girl, according to a new report by the charity Save the Children, which ranks them on a scale from worst to best for child brides and girls in education and access to education.Â£1.5bn (£1.2bn) is spent on child marriage each year, the charity says.
Sunderland Ladies' England Under-20 international Beth Mead has signed a new contract with the Women's Super League One champions, keeping her at the club until the summer of 2019.Â£1.5m has been paid to her by the club for the 2017-18 season.
Author William Boyd is to write the first official James Bond novel to be published since Ian Fleming's death in 1964, it has been announced by the author's publisher, Ian Fleming Publications Ltd, and publisher Jonathan Cape, which also publishes the 007 series of books by Kingsley Amis.
A former table tennis professional has admitted sending explicit images of himself to a schoolgirl he met at a tournament in Glasgow and has been given a 12-month suspended jail sentence for grooming and sexual activity with a child under the age of 16.Â£10,000 fine and £5,000 costs.
A man has paid more than £1,000 for a pumpkin seed in a bid to set a new world record for the heaviest pumpkin grown in the UK, according to the BBC's Biggest Purchaser of the Year competition in London. Click here to see the winner.
McLaren Formula 1 boss Eric Boullier says his team will be fighting for a podium place by the end of the season, despite their poor start to the year in Formula 1."It is not good enough," says the team's director of sport.
A Conservative government would double the amount of free childcare for three and four-year-olds in England, David Cameron has said, as he launched his party's plans for the future of the family home in the UK's first major speech of the general election campaign.
The leader of Plaid Cymru has accused Theresa May of being "too soft" on extremists, saying she should take some responsibility for the way she has been handling the issue of extremism in the UK since she became home secretary in 2010.Â£3bn extra could be spent on public services if she wins the general election, the party leader has said.
Wigan defender Ben Watson will miss the rest of the season after suffering a broken leg in Saturday's 1-0 defeat by Liverpool, the Latics have confirmed to BBC Radio Merseyside reports from Merseysiders.Â£1.5m midfielder Ben Watson is expected to be out for at least three months.
It's a small town in the heart of the industrial south-east of England, a place where the Labour Party has never won a general election and where the only place to be is on the right wing of the party is the right of the centre-right.
Munster are being investigated by the Rugby Football Union after Conor Murray was allowed to play on in the European Champions Cup win over Glasgow Warriors on Saturday despite suffering a head injury in the match on the field, BBC Sport has learned from BBC Radio Ulster reports.
MSPs are to examine how much money is being paid to returning officers for their work in overseeing elections and referendums in Scotland over the next two years.Â£1m may be paid out over two years, according to the SNP MSPs who chair a committee looking at the issue.
Police have launched a murder inquiry after the death of a 67-year-old man in his home in Saltcoats, South Ayrshire, in the early hours of the morning of the weekend, BBC Scotland has been told by police in the area.
In the kitchen of her home in south-west London, Sian Sen is a big fan of shopping online, and loves to spend money on things she has found on a cashback website, but she is worried about how long it will take her to get her money back.
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte says he is "not worried" about the club's lack of transfer activity in the summer transfer window, but insists he is ready to "fight" for his players' signatures."There are no excuses" for their failure to sign new players, he says.
Stormont's environment minister has told the High Court he did not lose his executive power when he approved a controversial planning framework for the north east of Northern Ireland last year, the court has been told by his barrister at Belfast High Court on Wednesday.Â£1.5m of public money has been spent on a plan to strengthen Belfast's role as the city's primary retail location.
Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the One-Day Cup for the second time this season to move to the top of the Division Two table with their second win of the campaign.Â£1.5m Glamorgan boosted their hopes of reaching the last eight of the competition with victory at Cardiff.
Dumfries and Galloway Council is to ask the Scottish government for £500,000 of funding towards a flood protection scheme for the town centre in the centre of the town.The cost of the project has more than doubled to more than £20m, BBC Scotland has learned.
Cattle farmers are being urged to take simple steps to reduce the risk of bovine tuberculosis (TB) from entering their herds and spreading the disease to other livestock and other wildlife, as part of a government campaign to tackle the problem.Â£1.5m is being spent on a campaign to eradicate the disease in England.
A 92-year-old woman has completed her final attempt at the London Marathon, walking the entire route of the race from the start to the finish line in a blaze of "glory" on her final day of marathon training in the capital's Hyde Park.
The prime minister has accused Labour of "scaremongering" over the future of a hospital in the Corby and East Northamptonshire by-election, saying it is a "political football of the worst kind" for the party to claim it is under threat.
Kilmarnock chairman and majority shareholder Michael Johnston has announced he is to step down from all his roles at the club."There have been many challenges to confront along the way and these have taken their toll on not only me but also my family," he said.
More than 100 men have attended a conference in Sheffield to discuss the issue of domestic abuse and the need for more men to come forward to report their abuse in the wake of a rise in the number of calls to police in the last three years, a charity has said.
Everton's young players made their debuts for the club as they were held to a goalless draw by Russian side Krasnodar in their Europa League first-round tie at Stadio Olimpico in Kiev on Tuesday.Carlos Laborde's first-half goal was enough to send the Toffees into the last 16.
Jockey William Buick has been ruled out for the rest of the season after suffering a back injury in a fall at the US Grand National last month, the racecourse where Permian was fatally injured in a race in the US last month."I have plenty of respect for the injury I have received," says the British jockey.
The general election is coming up on Thursday, 8 May, and lots of people across the UK will be voting to decide who they want to run the country for the next five years to come after the next government takes over the UK government from the next Labour government.
Leicester City's players want Craig Shakespeare to stay on as manager beyond the end of his short-term deal, according to one of the club's most senior players who played for the Foxes in Sunday's 2-1 win over West Ham at the King Power Stadium.
The SDLP and Alliance parties have called for an urgent inquiry into the disappearance of unaccompanied children in Northern Ireland, saying there are "very big questions" about the welfare of young people in the care of the local health trusts and social care boards in the area.
Belgium has declared a three-day national day of national mourning for the victims of last week's attacks in Paris, as public transport begins to return to normal in the capital, Brussels, after a two-day suspension.â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.4m; $1.6m) of public funds have been earmarked to help fund the investigation.
The M1 motorway was closed in both directions for more than an hour after a plane made an emergency landing on its approach to an airport in Staffordshire, leading to the closure of the carriageway for about an hour.Â£1m worth of damage was caused when a jet carrying 153 people was forced to divert to an airfield.
Breaking Bad is to be shown on UK terrestrial TV for the first time, it has been announced by Channel 5 and Viacom International, the owner of the US cable channel Spike, which is to launch a UK cable channel next month, along with the US version of The Walking Dead.
The case for raising interest rates is "still some way from being made", Bank of England chief economist Andrew Haldane has said, warning that the economic aircraft appears to be "losing speed on the runway" and inflation may not be back to target in two years.
Leicester City Speedway say they have reached an agreement with the club's owners to end their long-running dispute over the future of the team.Â£500,000 has been secured for the 2017 season, BBC Radio Leicester has learned in a deal worth an estimated £1.5m.
The number of Americans living in poverty in the US has fallen for the fourth consecutive year, according to the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the US Census Bureau's annual poverty report, released on Wednesday night (11:00 GMT).The gap between rich and poor in the country has narrowed.
Volunteers are being sought to help with the restoration of a historic Lake District copper mine which has been closed for more than 50 years for safety and conservation work to be carried out over the next two years.Â£10,000 is to be made available to help fund the project.
Pakistani girls are being targeted for sexual abuse by men in Rotherham, the BBC has learned from a number of people who have come forward to support victims in the South Yorkshire town over the past two years, some of whom are as young as 15 years old, it has emerged.
Sam Allardyce says he will be "happy" if England can start their World Cup qualifying campaign with a draw against Slovakia on Sunday - but admits victory is not the only thing that will make the nation feel better after Euro 2016."Everyone will want us to win," says the new England boss.
A man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a 15-year-old girl in a car after she was attacked at a railway station, police have said, for the second time in less than a week, and for a third time in the space of a week.
The UK's defence secretary has said that the idea of an "EU army" is "unnecessary duplication" of work between the bloc's member states and the United Nations, and would "cut across the primary mechanism for defending Europe" - the Nato alliance.
The bodies of all five people on board a helicopter that crashed in Snowdonia have been found, police have confirmed to the BBC.They are believed to be from the same family as those who died in the aircraft's departure from the UK on Wednesday.The investigation into the crash is continuing.
Mullah Akhtar Mansour, the Afghan Taliban's new leader, has been killed in a drone strike, but what does his death mean for the movement and for the peace process in the country he had led for the past 12 years, and what does it mean for Afghanistan's future?
A cycle hire scheme which was axed when its operator went into liquidation is to return to Oxfordshire for the first time in more than a year, the county council has said, after a successful pilot scheme was launched last year.Â£150,000 has been invested in the project.
Colombia's government and the Farc rebel group say they will ask the UN Security Council to set up an unarmed observer mission to monitor any ceasefire between the two sides in the country's long-running civil war, as they seek a final peace deal.
A US court has ruled that Madonna's track Vogue did not infringe the copyright of the song's producer Shep Pettibone, in a ruling that could lead to a rise in the number of samples being used in song samples in the future, writes The Hollywood Reporter.
Plans to build a £50m road to ease congestion in a Carmarthenshire town have been given the go-ahead by the Welsh Government after a long-running campaign by residents and business owners to get it built.Â£50m funding has been announced for the project.
A grand piano once owned by King George III has been restored to its former home at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton after it was donated to the city council for £20,000 by the Victoria and Albert Museum in London's Victoria Square in 1837, it has been revealed.
India's economy grew at its slowest pace since the global financial crisis in 2008 in the first quarter of the year, official figures have shown, sending shockwaves through the financial sector and raising fears about its ability to recover from the slump in the value of the rupee.
Blackberry has unveiled a larger version of its flagship smartphone, the Z30, which it says is the world's thinnest Android-powered device.The firm has said it will begin selling the device in the UK and Middle East next week, with a price tag of about Â£1,500 ($1,800).
Rare stills from the career of the late British film director Lord Attenborough are expected to fetch up to £100,000 at auction in London later, it has been revealed to be the first sale of its kind in the UK for more than 20 years.
A witness at the Surjit Singh Chhokar murder trial has been accused of making up a story about the night the victim was stabbed to death by his nephew, Donald Findlay QC, has told a jury at the High Court in Edinburgh on Monday.
Ed Miliband has said there is an "epidemic" of zero-hours contracts which are "undermining hard work, undermining living standards and undermining family life" as he launched Labour's general election campaign on the issue in the West Yorkshire town of Huddersfield.
When Les Hutchison agreed to sell his 76% stake in Motherwell to the club's supporters' group in January 2015, he had no idea that it would take so long for it to be completed and for the club to return to the hands of the fans.
Blackpool Football Club's appeal for information about the murder of a teenage girl who went missing in 2003 is to be shown live on television during the club's FA Cup fifth-round tie at home to Brighton & Hove Albion, it has been announced by police.
Regulated rail fares have risen by 0.5% in the year to July, the Rail Delivery Group (RDG) has said, the first rise in regulated fares since the 2010-11 financial year and the first increase since 2012-13, when fares rose by 2.5%.
The Ministry of Defence has launched a new programme to help injured military veterans with complex injuries, Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has said, as he announced a £1m expansion of its rehabilitation centre for amputee and wounded service personnel in the UK and Ireland.Â£1m of funding has been announced.
Oxford University is commissioning a series of portraits of women and ethnic minorities to be painted on its walls as part of a drive to make sure all students feel "at home" at the university, says its equality and diversity unit.Â£1.5m has been spent on the project.
Derbyshire director of cricket Ashley Wilson says his side will return to the T20 Blast next season despite missing out on a place in the Finals Day in this season's competition for the first time in the competition's 15-year history after being knocked out in the quarter-finals.
England women's football team would have won Olympic gold had they been allowed to compete at the 2016 Games in Rio, according to manager Alan Sampson, who believes his side would have finished top of the table in the competition in Rio.Â£1m would have been spent on the tournament, says the Football Association of England.
Spotlight has been named best film at the Independent Spirit of Film Society of Lincoln Center's annual awards, beating off competition from the likes of Spotlight and The Revenant to win the top prize for the second year in a row at the New York Film Critics' Circle Awards.
Owen Sheers has won the book of the year award at the 2014 Literacy Wales awards in Cardiff for his second time with a novel about three young soldiers returning from war in Afghanistan, his first time winning the title in 2005.Francesca Rhydderch, Meic Stephens and Ioan Kidd were among the winners at the event.
Ben Duckett and Ian Bell-Drummond are capable of playing international cricket, says former England captain Andy Flower, who led the Lions in a tri-series run-scoring partnership of more than 400 runs between the pair in July and August."They have to force their way in," says the ex-England coach.
I have collected more than 25,000 Indian matchbox labels over the years and have amassed an impressive collection of more than 20,000 of them over the course of my career as an exhibition curator at the Indian Museum of Modern Art (IMA) in Mumbai.
Olympic athletes have been spotted with red circles on their skin, which are believed to be a result of using hot cups to treat aches and pains, and to help them recover from constant training.The British Acupuncture Council has issued a warning about the dangers of this technique.
Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone says he is confident the Bahrain Grand Prix will go ahead on Sunday, despite protests in the Gulf kingdom ahead of the race."There's no reason why it shouldn't be a success," he has said, despite concerns over security in the country.
Antiques Roadshow star Michelle Dockery and The Wire actor Simon West are to star in a revival of Les Liaisons Dangereuses at the Donmar Warehouse, the Royal Court Theatre has announced on its official Facebook page and Twitter page, following the success of the hit ITV drama.
Egypt have named an unchanged squad for next month's Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon despite the absence of top scorer Mohamed Salah, who is on international duty with Egypt's Under-20s.Â£1.5m-rated Egypt goalkeeper Essam El Hadary has been left out of the squad.
Wickerman Festival has announced a new main stage for this year's event, which will feature the likes of Coldplay, Coldplay and Coldplay's former lead singer Chris Tomlin at the end of the line-up for the first time in the event's history.
A gas explosion that killed a man was "like an airstrike" and caused "complete devastation" to his house, a paramedic has told an inquest into the death of a man who was killed in a blast at his own home, an inquest has heard.
It's JK Rowling's 90th birthday today and it's time for one of her favourite things to be celebrated - Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone, or as it is known in the UK, the Pottermore House of Wumpus.com cake.
Venezuelans have looted shops in a town in the north-eastern state of Sucre to protest against food shortages caused by the country's high inflation rate and government mismanagement of the oil industry, local media report from the town where the looting took place.
A letting agency has been paid more than £11m in housing benefit by a London council and a homeless charity, the BBC can reveal.The letting agency is claiming £2,114 per month in benefits, while the charity it works with is receiving £1.1m.
Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw says his side must be "on top form" if they are to beat France in Paris on Saturday and end a run of nine straight Six Nations defeats in the city for the first time since 2003."We need to be in the game right to the death and not let France get any momentum," he says.
Same-sex couples in Australia spend an average of A$161m ($161m; Â£110m) a year on their wedding, according to a new estimate.The campaign for same-sex marriage in Australia is gaining momentum, with a growing number of business leaders joining the campaign to legalise it.
South Korean opposition MPs have ended a record-breaking filibuster lasting more than 60 hours in parliament, setting a new world record for the longest speech made by a single member of parliament, Yonhap news agency has reported, citing a spokesman for the opposition party Minjoo Minjaes.
There's been a lot of talk in the news over the last few days about the election in the United States - and it's not just about Donald Trump and Donald Trump - it's also been revealed that Donald Trump has a new rival in the White House, Donald Trump.
The Royal Mint has struck more than 2,000 commemorative silver coins to mark the birth of the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's first child on what would have been Prince George's 11th birthday on Tuesday.Â£28 coins are being given to new parents across the UK.
Japan and South Korea have held their first face-to-face talks since the end of their long-running territorial dispute, amid tension over disputed islands in the East China Sea.The leaders of the two countries have held talks in Tokyo, with no sign of a breakthrough in the dispute.
England midfielder Michael Carrick is a doubt for Tuesday's friendly against France after suffering a "severely twisted ankle" in a friendly defeat by Spain, says manager Roy Hodgson on BBC Three Counties Sportscene.com's Football Focus on Saturday, 3 March.
A pre-inquest hearing into the death of Alice Gross has been opened and adjourned to allow a coroner to look at the circumstances surrounding her murder by her alleged killer's arrival in the UK from Latvia, the High Court has been told by the family of her parents.
Algerian Islamist militant group al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM), which is based in the Algerian capital, Algiers, since 2007, has emerged as one of the most powerful groups in North Africa, with a network of more than 1,000 fighters, most of them Islamist extremists.
An MP has been reunited with a lost toy after it was found by a member of the public on a Mumsnet user's parenting advice site more than a year after it went missing from the Houses of Parliament.Â£1,000 worth of jellycats have been returned to its owner.
A US judge in California has ordered a woman to unlock her iPhone with a fingerprint sensor, in a case that could set a precedent for other suspects to be ordered to do the same, legal experts have said, but privacy campaigners say it could be a violation of their rights.
Celtic manager Ronny Deila insists his side still have an opportunity to qualify for the Europa League knockout stages despite a poor start to the campaign, despite facing Ajax at Celtic Park on Wednesday."We have to go for winning the game," says the manager.
Aberdeen midfielder Graeme Shinnie has signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish Premiership club, which will keep him at Pittodrie until the summer of 2019.Â£100,000 has been paid to the player by the club in exchange for his release.
WBA world super-bantamweight champion John McDonnell will make his return to the UK for the first time in more than two years when he fights Mexico's Juan Carlos Rosas on Saturday, 29 April.Â£100,000-rated Rosas is the mandatory challenger for the WBA title.
It was one of the most unexpected moments of the financial year so far, and one that few would have expected to come so soon after the UK voted to leave the European Union - but Mark Carney's decision to extend his stay at the Bank of England was no ordinary governor's decision.
The Liverpool Care Pathway (LCP) is likely to be replaced by a new system of end-of-life care for dying patients in England, a review is expected to say later this week.Â£1bn-a-year NHS funding is needed to replace it, the BBC understands.
Four people accused of murdering a man who was stabbed to death in his own home were part of a "chaos" street drinking fraternity, a court has heard, as they went on trial for the murder of the "well-known and well liked" man.
Russian computer hacker Roman Seleznev has been found guilty in the US of stealing more than 3 million credit card numbers and selling them on the black market.Lawyers for the convicted hacker have said they plan to appeal against his conviction, calling it a case of "political interference".
A kitten has died after being stabbed in the neck in a "shocking and completely senseless" attack, the RSPCA has said, after a second cat was shot dead in a nearby alleyway in Cambridgeshire on the same day it was stabbed.
One of New Zealand's longest-serving zoo birds, Lanky the pelican, has been put to sleep at the age of 74.Â£1m ($1.2m; $1.4m) has been paid to his vet bill.Â
Boys have edged ahead of girls in top A-level grades for the first time since the introduction of a new style of exam in England, according to the results of this year's A-Levels in England and Wales, with the proportion of top A* and A grades increasing slightly.
Five children at a nursery school in Neath Port Talbot have been diagnosed with measles, health officials have said, leading to a call for parents to get their children vaccinated against the disease ahead of a special event on the weekend for those who have not had the MMR vaccine.
Macedonia's President Gjorge Ivanov has ordered the arrest of several opposition leaders, including Prime Minister Nikola Dimitrov, over allegations of corruption and vote-rigging in the Balkan nation.The EU has criticised his move, saying it could put the country's EU membership hopes at risk.
The route taken to deliver the message of victory from the Battle of Waterloo 200 years ago has been retraced in London to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle's events, as part of events marking the centenary of the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte.
The only "credible explanation" for the death of ex-Russian spy Alexander Litvinenko is that the Russian state was involved in his murder, the public inquiry into his death has been told by a police barrister for the first time in its closing remarks.
Head teachers have criticised Philip Hammond for failing to use his Autumn Statement to address "severe funding pressures" in England's schools and colleges, saying it was a "distraction" from the "most important issues" facing the country's education system in the face of rising costs.
Pupils who qualify for free school meals should be able to pay for their lunches by fingerprint rather than cash, an assembly member has said, in a bid to tackle bullying.Â£2,000 a year should be spent on a cashless payment system, she says.
Scientists say they have found a way to boost the immune system's ability to fight the HIV virus, in the first trial of its use in people with HIV-related blood infections in the UK and the US in a clinical trial in animals.Â£1.5bn-worth of human antibodies could be used to treat the disease.
Seven police officers are to be questioned over an incident in which a prisoner lost part of three fingers on his hand in custody, the BBC has learned from the force's own internal affairs unit, it has been reported to the police watchdog (IPCC)  .
Ivory Coast is one of the world's fastest growing economies, and its young people are expected to be the main source of growth in the next few years, as the country prepares for its first general election in more than 20 years.Â£1.5bn is set to be spent by the West African nation over the next five years.
Dover Athletic have been given permission to sign former Gillingham and Barnet player Jordan N'Gala on a two-year deal, despite Fifa players' transfer rules preventing him from playing for them in the first season of the new campaign, reports BBC Radio Kent.
Dundee manager Paul Hartley insists the club are "not a selling club" after Kane Hemmings scored his 25th and 26th goals of the season to boost their hopes of staying in the Scottish Premiership title race this season."We want to keep him but we can't stop speculation."
The Royal British Legion is launching a campaign to change the way people think of Remembrance and the poppy, with the help of young veterans and service personnel from across the armed forces community, aged between 18 and 97 years old and those who have served in Afghanistan, Iraq and Afghanistan.
Brian Graham scored twice as Linlithgow Rose came from behind to beat Ross County to reach the last 16 of the Scottish Cup for the first time in the club's history and end the Staggies' hopes of reaching the quarter-finals of the competition.
The Conjuring 2 has topped the US box office for the second weekend in a row, ending a run of three consecutive box office disasters in the space of a year and breaking a long-standing trend of poor opening weekend box office debuts for films in the horror genre.
Andrew Lloyd Webber has defended the high ticket prices for West End musicals, saying they are "incredibly reasonable" considering the amount of work it takes to put on a top-end theatre production of a top hit show in the UK and the cost of staging it.
A British student has created an app that could help people get to safety in the event of a natural disaster, such as avalanches, floods or landslides in remote parts of the Arctic Circle, by sending alerts to the nearest emergency services via a mobile phone.
David Miller and Jacques Rudolph both hit half-centuries as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets in the T20 Blast at Cardiff to claim their first win of the campaign.Â£1.5m win in the competition's inaugural T20 competition.
The world was a scary place in 2015, to say the words of its creator, Sir Tim Berners-Lee, the founder of the world-famous internet search engine, Youtuber and social network giant, YTuber, TalkTalk, as well as many other people.
A 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder after the body of a woman was found at a house in Bridgend county, police have said in a press release on social media site Twitter.co.uk (link to see the full report).
A number of people have been killed and a number of hostages have been injured in a series of attacks in Paris and elsewhere in the French capital, Paris, over the past few days, as police try to track down the gunmen who carried out the Charlie Hebdo massacre.
The Duke of Edinburgh is the longest-serving member of the Royal Family, but he's officially retiring from public duties at the end of the month, it has been announced.Here's what you need to know about Prince Philip, the Queen's husband, and why he's retiring.
A housing association has announced plans to demolish two high-rise blocks of flats and maisonettes in Southampton, with the loss of more than 400 jobs and more than 500 homes in the city centre over the next four years.The company behind them has said it will carry out a study to find alternative accommodation for older people.
A burglar was shot in the leg with a stocking over his head by a masked intruder who mistakenly mistook him for a drug dealer, a court has been told in a dramatic account of the raid.Â£1m worth of jewellery was stolen in a raid on a stately home.
She's one of the most famous pop stars of all time, but Taylor Swift used to be one of Spotify's biggest names - and it's no surprise that she's now no longer on the site, but that hasn't stopped her fans wanting to listen to her music.
Former world champion Jenson Button says he is "doubly concerned" about the safety of the new street circuit in Baku ahead of this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix, which starts from the back of the grid at 00:00 GMT.Â£1.5m is expected to be spent on improving the track.
The chief minister of the Indian capital, Delhi, has begun his first day of official duties after staging an impromptu sit-in protest against police in a row over alleged corruption in the police force and alleged police inaction in a case involving a gang-rape case.
Gangs are increasingly using encrypted mobile phones and apps to avoid detection, according to senior police officers in Scotland's anti-crime unit, who have warned of a rise in the use of social media and other online services for dealing with crime in the UK and abroad.
All tickets for BBC Sports Personality of the Year 2015 in Belfast have sold out within hours of going on sale on the night of the award's broadcast, it has been announced on the official website of the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live and BBC Sport app.
Lance Armstrong has said he would probably cheat again if he was racing in 2015, if he had made the same decision in 1995 to use performance-enhancing drugs as he did in 1995, but that he would not do it this time next year if he were racing.
Wales manager Chris Coleman says Euro 2016 is "not the end of the journey" for his players as they prepare to face Russia in their final Group B game of the tournament."There's more to come" for the national team, says the Wales boss.
The Isle of Man TT is one of the most gruelling races in motorcycling, and for the past 12 years, Martin McGuinness has been the world's fastest rider in the time-trial time trial - but what makes him so much faster than his rivals?
Sussex batsman Tom Wells says he is determined to make the most of his time in Australia this winter as he aims to break into the county's one-day side."You'd rather be satisfied than be satisfied with average results," says the Hove man.
A council has said it would be "madness" to try to move a 1,000-year-old rock which has been at the centre of a row over safety after it was allegedly hit by a car in the road it rolls down a hillside.
A Go Fund Me campaign to raise money for disabled pensioner Robert Barnes has raised more than £330,000 after he was mugged in a suspected robbery attempt, it has been revealed on the fundraising site's official website, raising £29,000 in just three days.
Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) has set aside a further £3.1bn to settle claims relating to mis-selling of financial products in the run-up to the financial crisis, the bank has said in a statement to the London Stock Exchange.
A rare painting of a 17th Century aristocrat has been bought by the National Trust for £2.1m after it was put up for sale for £1.5m in a private sale in the UK's largest art sale in recent years, it has been revealed.
Up to 40% of subsidised bus services in Wales could be axed if the chancellor George Osborne makes cuts to the Welsh government's funding, a transport body has warned in the wake of the UK government's announcement on spending cuts to public spending on public transport.
In our series of letters from African journalists, I have been asking you what questions you have about South Africa's legal system that you would like to ask me to look into when I return to the BBC Newsroom in the New Year's Day edition of The Herald.
Turkey has lifted a ban on Muslim headscarves for female police officers in the country's police force, the interior ministry has announced, as part of a wider relaxation of the garment's ban on state institutions.The headscarf is to be allowed in schools, universities and other public places.
Five UK universities have been given approval to offer master's degrees in cyber security by the government's electronic surveillance agency GCHQ, the BBC has learned from a report by the BBC News website.Â£1m of funding has been announced for courses in the subject by the UK government.
A man has been jailed for 16 years for the "vile" murder of a 73-year-old woman whose body was found in a car park in Norwich city centre after she was beaten to death with a knife and a hammer by a burglar.
Clashes have broken out in the centre of the Lebanese capital, Beirut, between pro- and anti-Syrian groups, amid fears of a return to the kind of sectarian violence seen in the country in 2008, when it was at the height of the country's civil war.
A patient who lost two teeth when he was punched in the face by a nurse at a residential hospital in Bristol had an accident with his teeth just weeks after he arrived, a BBC investigation has found - but police say they will not be reopening the case.
Hibernian have completed the signing of goalkeeper David Marciano on a two-year deal after agreeing a deal with Israeli side Hapoel Beer Sheva on a three-year contract, with the option of a further 12 months in the summer of 2018.
Canadian hockey legend Gordie Howe, one of the greatest scorers in the history of the sport, has died at the age of 87, according to US media reports from his home in the US state of Ohio, US media report, citing family and friends who say he died on Friday.
The National Audit Office (NAO) has accused the UK government of failing to keep a tight enough grip on the spending of a development agency set up to back private investment in the developing world, which has booked 15 flights costing more than £5,000 in five years.
A man who spent more than 30 years in prison after being wrongly convicted of a robbery has said he will continue fighting for justice "to the grave" in his final days of life to get compensation for his wrongful conviction and imprisonment.The Ministry of Justice has said a miscarriage of justice does not mean it was necessarily a miscarriage.
Plaid Cymru has accused David Cameron of "cutting off his nose to spite his face" if he pushes for an in-out EU referendum to be held on the same day as the Welsh assembly election on 5 May, the party has said in a statement.
Jack Marriott scored a hat-trick as Peterborough United League One leaders Peterborough came from behind to beat Rotherham 2-1 in a thrilling encounter.Â£1.5m-rated match at the ABAX Stadium saw both sides finish with 10 men.
The father of Jules Bianchi, who is in a coma after a motorbike crash at the Russian Grand Prix, says he believes his son will not give up on his recovery and believes it is already a "miracle" that he is still alive.
US law firm Axiom is to create more than 100 jobs in Belfast as part of a major expansion of its legal services operation in the city.Â£3.5m is to be invested over the next five years in a new centre for financial services.
CCTV recordings have been released by police looking for a man they want to speak to in connection with a break-in at a house in which a large flat-screen television was stolen and a large television carried around the property in a garden table in the middle of the night.
Michael Farmer extended his lead at the top of the British Superbike Championship to five points after winning the opening Supersport race at the Knockhill round of the series on Saturday.The Northern Ireland rider finished third on the opening day of this weekend's round of races.
UK retail sales volumes fell at their fastest pace in more than three years in May, official figures have shown, as the cost of food and other goods continued to push shoppers into the discount market at the expense of supermarkets and other chains such as Asda and Poundworld.
The Gambia has withdrawn from the British Commonwealth, the first country to do so in more than a decade, the UK Foreign Office has confirmed to BBC Radio 4's Today programme.The UK has expressed "dismay and disappointment" at the country's decision to leave.
A social worker has been found guilty of misconduct in a mental health case after it was alleged she failed to visit patients who had committed "significant crimes" in the community enough times to ensure they complied with court orders to stay in the care of mental health services.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond has dismissed calls for the UK to start formal negotiations to leave the European Union immediately, saying it will take time for a deal to be struck before a new prime minister is elected in October.Â£1bn-a-year UK exit from the EU will not be triggered immediately, he has said.
The US justice department has announced new rules that will require police and other law enforcement agencies to obtain a warrant before using equipment that tracks mobile phones in urban areas, rather than just the phone number on the device's owner's phone tower, in the event of a crime.
The Gambia has cut diplomatic ties with Cuba, hours before President Yahya Jammeh is due to go to the country to campaign ahead of his re-election next month, in a show of support for his predecessor, Fidel Castro, who died earlier this month.
A dog that was removed from his home in Belfast because he was deemed to be a pit bull terrier has been allowed to return to his owners after a judge ruled he was not dangerous enough to be put on a list of exemptions from the city's dog laws.
Manchester City are set to make a bid of up to £30m for Everton's England defender John Stones, reports BBC Radio Manchester and BBC Radio Lancashire, subject to the player passing a medical and agreeing personal terms.Â£30m is the asking price for the England international.
More than 1,000 homes and businesses in the Republic of Ireland have been left without power as Storm Barney brought gales and heavy rain to parts of the country on Sunday night and into Monday morning, the Met Office has warned of more bad weather on Monday.
A 16-year-old boy has died after being hit by a lorry in south-west London, police have said, in what they described as a "tragic" crash involving a pedestrian and a "large quantity" of larder larders.
Two men who died in a crash between two cars in the early hours of Saturday morning have been named by police as a 19-year-old man and a teenager from Rotherham who were both aged 19 and from Sheffield respectively, police have said.A third man has been arrested.
A man accused of murdering his ex-girlfriend whispered in her ear "she'll pay for what she's done", a court has heard as he told a friend he was "depressed" about her ending their relationship months before her body was found in a burning house.
Bristol City manager Lee Johnson said he was "proud" of his players and staff after they came from 2-0 down to draw 2-2 with Newcastle in the EFL Cup first round at the expense of Rafael Benitez's side.
The Football League has announced plans to introduce a new three-a-side penalty shootout system for the EFL Cup and Checkatrade Trophy in the 2017-18 season, similar to the one used in the tennis Grand Slams and Wimbledon semi-finals.
A 92-year-old woman who has been selling poppies for 75 years has been described as one of the UK's "longest-standing" poppy sellers for the Royal British Legion's annual appeal.Â£1,000 has been donated to the organisation for her services.
A woman has told an inquest into the death of Arlene Arkinson that she had a "nightmare" when she was sexually assaulted by Robert Howard, the man who went on to kill the County Tyrone schoolgirl, the BBC has learned from her account.
Greece's economy minister has said the Greek parliament's approval of a new bailout deal for the country is a "first step" towards a deal with its creditors, after Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras won a vote of confidence in his government on Thursday.
There's a general election coming up on 8 June, when adults will vote to decide who will run the UK for the next government for a four-year-old to run in the general election, called the General Election in England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Yorkshire have said they would be interested in hosting a day-night Test match at Headingley in the future if the fixture list for 2017 is published.Â£100,000 has been offered to the county by the England and Wales Cricket Board to help with the cost of staging the event.
A sculpture by Henry Moore is to be returned to Tower Hamlets Council after a long-running dispute over who owned it, it has been announced.Â£20m worth of the artist's work is to go on display in London for the first time in 20 years.
A Londonderry man has been warned to "go easy on the paella and cerveza" before he is sentenced for driving without insurance, tax and licence offences while he is on holiday in the Canary Islands next month, a judge has said.
A contestant in the Miss America beauty pageant has sparked controversy by saying it was a "privilege" to be able to have healthcare, during a live TV interview on US TV network ABC on Sunday night, and a "right" for everyone to have it.
YouTube is trying to crack down on fake views on the video-sharing site.There are more than one billion videos on the site, but many of them are not actually viewed by people who have paid to watch them, according to the site's website.Â©
China's space station is due to fall back to Earth's surface on Wednesday, ending its six-year mission to the International Space Station, state media report, with most of it likely to burn up during its return to the ground in Xinhua news agency.
How far would you go to get your hands on a chicken these days, if you were to buy one from a fast food joint in your local town or village, or from a supermarket in your country of choice, and how far would it travel before you put it on your dinner table?
Prime Minister David Cameron's father Ian Cameron has died at the age of 77 after suffering a stroke, Downing Street has confirmed to the Press Association and to the family of the former prime minister and Conservative MP for South Gloucestershire, Ian Cameron, who died on Wednesday.
Syrian government forces are to begin the evacuation of the last rebel-held district of the city of Homs, the governor has said, in a move that could see up to 15,000 people leave the area in the next few weeks, activists and the Syrian government say.
Saracens head coach Mark McCall says there is no reason why his side cannot improve on their European Champions Cup quarter-final win and reach the Premiership final this season."We are not yet the finished article," says the club's director of rugby.
A statue of cricket legend Dickie Bird is to be raised to stop revellers hanging items from it after it became a target for lewd behaviour, the sculptor behind it has said, saying it is "a bit inappropriate" and "horrible" it is a "bit inappropriate".
Supermarket bosses have warned that a UK exit from the European Union could lead to a rise in the price of food and other items such as clothing and household goods in the run-up to the referendum on the UK's future in the EU referendum on 23 June.
Paul Scholes has returned to Manchester United as a player-coach for the first time since retiring from playing at the end of last season, the club have confirmed."I'm looking forward to playing my part in trying to bring more success to this great club," says the veteran midfielder.
Rio de Janeiro's famous Sambadrome samba school has been crowned champions of the city's annual carnival carnival parade, beating the likes of Brazil's Tupi Boys and Brazil's All-Stars to the title.Â£2.5m (Â£1.8m) in prize money, organisers say.
Wales is "paying the price" for not doing enough to invest in renewable energy, a leading businesswoman has said, as she called for the Welsh government to do more to support the sector in the country's energy sector to attract investment.The UK government's decision to cut subsidies is "not a sensible decision".
Diesel has become the first fuel to be cheaper than petrol for more than a decade, following a price cut by the UK's four biggest supermarkets, it has been announced on the RAC's fuel price comparison website, RACFuel.com/RACfuel.
Ireland's Dan Goodfellow won the 400m hurdles at the European Indoor Championships in Finland on Sunday as the team finished eighth overall in the League One event in the Finnish city of Vaasa, despite finishing eighth in the team event on the final day of the competition.
Former Labour leader Ed Miliband has called on young people to register to vote, saying they can "decide" the future of the UK's membership of the European Union and should "heed the wisdom of the young" in the EU referendum campaign to remain in the union.
Victims of child sexual exploitation and rape in England and Wales would have a new right to challenge decisions by the police if they are dropped by prosecutors, the Labour Party has pledged in its manifesto for the general election in May 2015, if it wins power in the Commons.
As a former Herefordshire potato farmer, David Chase has always had a keen eye for the "real stories" behind the big business success stories - and he is no stranger to making money from his family businesses, but he is not a big fan of talking about it.
The Syrian government has accused the US and others of failing to take into account the "seriousness" of the country's chemical weapons situation, after it failed to hand over its entire stockpile to the UN-backed body overseeing the destruction of the weapons last week.
The father of a six-year-old girl who died after being found unconscious in a swimming pool at her friend's birthday party has told an inquest he did not ask if there was a lifeguard at the centre where she was swimming, an inquest has heard.
Brett D'Oliveira and James Mitchell both hit centuries to put Worcestershire in a strong position against Derbyshire on day three at the Ageas Bowl, despite a slow start to the day's play on day two at New Road.
India's decision to scrap high denomination banknotes worth 500 and 1,000 rupee notes is a "one-off flushing out of the system" and the return of black money is "inevitable", a former government adviser has said, warning that it is a risky move.
Oxford United ended Bradford's unbeaten start to the season with a narrow victory at the Kassam Stadium to move to within three points of the League One play-off places with three games remaining.Â£5m-bound Bradford's winless run in all competitions was extended to five games.
Plans for a 1,000-home development in a village in East Yorkshire have been rejected by the government after more than two years of legal action by residents and campaigners.Â£1.5m plans to build 600 homes have been put back on the agenda.
Wales coach Warren Gatland says he will be "neutral" for Saturday's crucial World Cup match against Australia at Twickenham as he will not be cheering his side on against the Wallabies."It's hard for a Kiwi to be cheering Aussies," says the Wales coach.
Hollywood star Tom Hiddleston has denied rumours that he is in a relationship with pop star Taylor Swift, saying it is "not a publicity stunt" and he is "very happy" with the singer, as he prepares for an Emmy nomination for his role in The Night Manager.
The UK government has a legal obligation to ensure all the inquests into the deaths of Troubles victims are heard as soon as possible, the UK's top judge has said, following criticism of the way the process has been handled in Northern Ireland over the past five years.
Nottinghamshire pulled off a stunning victory over Surrey by bowling out the hosts for just 138 in the final session to move to the top of the Division One table with their first win of the season.Â£1.5m in prize money was awarded to Surrey.
Two of the last two journalists to work on Fleet Street have been speaking to the BBC about their last days on the iconic street in London, where the world's first daily newspaper was published more than 200 years ago, before it was taken over by Rupert Murdoch's empire.
A GP surgery in Hampshire has been praised for making "significant improvements" after being rated "inadequate" by the health watchdog.Â£10,000 of improvements have been made to the care provided by the practice over the past two years, it has been revealed.
At Singapore Management University (SMU) in Singapore, a group of students are gathered on the lecture hall floor for a pre-graduation course on how to be a successful entrepreneur in the world's second-biggest city-state, writes the BBC's Yashan Zhao.
Bayern Munich extended their lead at the top of the Bundesliga to five points as they beat Stuttgart to keep alive their hopes of winning a fourth straight league title in a row and extending their unbeaten run to 17 games.Bundesliga leaders Borussia Dortmund remain five points behind.
England's Paul Casey and England's Tommy Fleetwood are one shot off the lead after the third round of the US Open, but the world's top three players missed the cut for the first time in 36 years at the event's opening major of the year at Erin Hills.
A new academy is being set up to train mental health professionals to work with children and young people in West Berkshire who are at risk of developing mental health problems such as depression, anxiety and panic attacks, a council has said in a bid to cut waiting times for treatment.
A new air ambulance service for north Wales is to be set up with the addition of specialist doctors and nurses to staff to help at the scene of an incident, the health secretary has announced in a new press conference in Ceredigion on Monday.Â£1.5m will be spent on a new ambulance service.
The family of a British-Iranian charity worker jailed in Iran have said they are "increasingly on tenterhooks" as they wait for the outcome of her appeal against her sentence, BBC Newsnight has learned from a source close to the family.
Lee Westwood says he is back to the "winning for fun" stage of his career, after two major championship triumphs in the space of a week.The Open at Royal Troon this week is the latest in a series of highs and lows for the former world number one.
Arsenal Ladies captain Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain has signed a new three-year contract with the Women's Super League One club.Â£500,000 has been paid to her by the club to keep her at Emirates Stadium until the summer of 2018.
Badminton is one of six sports to have its funding cut by UK Sport for the Tokyo 2020 Olympic and Paralympic Games, it has been announced, with basketball and volleyball the only one to have had its funding axed by the sport's governing body.
The first gentoo penguin eggs of the season have hatched at Chester Zoo in the UK, and they are now on display to the public for the first time in the zoo's penguin-watching programme, Pembrokeshire Pools, to see if they are ready to hatch.
A body has been found following a fire at a house in the Scottish Borders, police have confirmed to BBC Scotland.Inquiries are continuing to establish the circumstances surrounding the death of a man in his 50s or 60s.Â£10,000 worth of damage has been caused.
A German man has been banned from driving in the UK for two years after causing the death of a motorcyclist in Conwy county by turning the wrong way on a dual carriageway, a court has been told in Llandudno, Denbighshire.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Wednesday, with the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes closing higher for the second day in a row, boosted by gains in financial and energy shares, while the Nasdaq edged higher.Â£1.5bn in US treasury bonds were sold off after the US Federal Reserve said it would cut interest rates by 0.25%.
Blackpool have signed Manchester United midfielder Nicky Allsop on loan until the end of the season and Middlesbrough striker Callum Cooke on a season-long loan deal, with a view to a permanent deal.Â£1.5m deal for both will be made permanent.
Match reports from the weekend's Scottish Premiership and Championship games, as leaders Celtic travel to face Heart of Midlothian in Sunday's Premiership match at Hampden Park, while Rangers travel to Motherwell in the Scottish Championship and Dundee United travel to Dunfermline Athletic.
Thousands of people have attended Armed Forces Day events across the UK, including a flypast by the Red Arrows and a display by the Royal Navy's Battle of Britain Memorial Flight and the Royal Air Force's World War Two Spitfire and F-16 fighter jets.
A man has attempted to break the world record for the heaviest serving of an egg and sausage in a chip shop - and it's not short of calories or fat.Â£1,000 worth of sausage meat and five loaves of breadcrumbs, it has been claimed.
A man who stole more than £500,000 from a Lincolnshire GP surgery has been jailed for three years.A doctor who stole £1.5m from the practice has been ordered to pay back the money he stole.Â£2,000 in fines.
Charlton Athletic have appointed Jose Riga as their new head coach on a two-year deal after a "disappointing" start to the Championship season, reports BBC Radio London.Â£1.5m has been spent on the former England Under-21 boss.
John Hardie is sitting in the dark at a gaff at the entrance to the Fear Factory, the only place he's ever been afraid of the dark, and he's not afraid of anything at all, but he's terrified of the gaff, too scared to go in there.
Indonesians have taken to social media to show solidarity with the victims of the bomb attacks in the capital, Jakarta, using a hashtag that can be translated as "Jakarta is Brave" and "Prayers for Jakarta".Â£1.5bn (1.6bn) has been spent on social media in Indonesia this year, according to the country's currency.
An engineering company in Kilrea, County Antrim, is to create 100 new jobs as part of an investment at its Kilrea site.Â£1.5m is to be invested over the next three years in the expansion of the business. Â£500,000 of investment will be made in the site.
A Native American tribe in the US state of South Dakota has announced plans to open a marijuana-growing and entertainment resort on its reservation, in what would be the first Native American resort of its kind in the country to sell the drug in its current form, officials say.
Conor McGregor says he does not believe Floyd Mayweather will survive the first round of their super-fight on 26 August after the pair were allowed to use 8oz gloves in the first bout to be held under mixed martial arts (MMA) rules in the United States.
Hundreds of allotment holders have said they are "relieved" they will not be "dumped" on a site next to the M25 in Surrey where plans to build 500 homes are set to be put forward, despite a petition against the sale of their land.
Great Britain's men's ice hockey team have named their squad for the European Championships in Cortina, Italy, which will see them compete for a place at the 2018 Winter Olympics in PyeongChang, South Korea, for the first time in four years.
Bay TV, a local TV station which broadcasts news, sport and music, is being put up for sale after going into administration with the loss of all but one of its 20 jobs, the BBC has learned from its administrators in Skelmersdale, West Yorkshire.
Former Togo coach Stephen Keshi has been honoured with a football match in his home country in memory of the man who led the team to the 2006 World Cup finals and led them to qualification for the 2006 Africa Cup of Nations in the same year he was sacked by the country.
Two off-duty police officers have been praised for helping to arrest a man who stole a bag of cigarettes from a shop in County Londonderry while they were on duty in the area at the time of the incident, the PSNI has said in a press release.
A man is "lucky to be alive" after being stabbed three times in Salford, police have said, adding he would probably have died if he had not been helped to hospital by friends in the city centre hours before the attack happened, doctors have said.
Egyptian investigators say there is no evidence so far that the downing of a Russian airliner in the Sinai peninsula last month was an act of terrorism, Egyptian state TV has reported, hours after the findings of a parliamentary committee were published by the country's interior ministry.
Juventus have signed Real Madrid striker Alvaro Morata on a three-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option to buy him back for a fee of up to 30m euros (£24m). Click here for all the latest transfer news.
Four internet of things (IoT) devices have been found to be at risk of being hacked by criminals, according to security researchers.Â£1.5m worth of internet-connected gadgets have now been fixed, say the researchers who uncovered the flaws.
The International Criminal Court (ICC) has found Congolese rebel leader Jean-Pierre Bemba guilty of war crimes for the first time, including rape as a weapon of war, in a landmark case for the war crimes court.Â£1bn-a-year war crimes trial.
Malala Yousafzai, the Pakistani girl who was shot by the Taliban in 2012, has been recovering in hospital in Birmingham, where she's been receiving treatment for her bullet wound and a brain haemorrhage, Newsround has found out more about her life.
Chelsea's players and fans have taken part in a parade to celebrate the club's Premier League title win.Â£100,000 worth of fireworks were thrown into the River Thames to mark the end of the 2016-17 season on Sunday night to celebrate their title triumph.
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg took a narrow victory in the Mexican Grand Prix to move level on points with Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton at the top of the Formula 1 world championship after a tense final race of the season at the Circuito de Mexico City.
The High Court is about to kick up a storm in a row that could have far-reaching implications for the UK's future relationship with the European Union, writes the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire programme, as the government prepares to fight a legal challenge to the triggering of Article 50.
Seachill, the UK's biggest fish processing plant, is the latest company to announce changes to its pay arrangements in the wake of the introduction of the new National Living Wage (NLW) on 1 April, but what does this mean for the rest of the service sector?
Russia's main opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been found not guilty of organising an unauthorised rally, a court in Moscow has ruled, paving the way for his release on bail and a possible presidential run-off in 2016, he has said.
Banking and finance group Hays has said it is "too early to tell" what the impact of the UK's vote to leave the European Union will be on its business, as it reported a sharp rise in profits for the year to the end of June.
Samsung has added ad-blockers to its new Android web browser for the first time, allowing them to be installed as a browser extension on Samsung Galaxy Note 5 phones running the latest version of the operating system's operating system, Samsung's Galaxy S6 Edge, the firm has announced.
US consumer confidence has fallen for the first time in three months, according to a closely-watched survey of purchasing managers' confidence.The survey has suggested that Americans are less optimistic about the US economy than at any time since the financial crisis of 2008-09.
Two brothers who tortured two young boys and forced them to eat nettles have won a legal battle to keep their anonymity after they were released from prison earlier this year, the High Court has ruled in favour of their bid to keep them hidden from the public.
More than 100 people have been arrested in a police crackdown on domestic abuse during England's Euro 2016 football matches, it has been revealed in a bid to tackle the issue ahead of the tournament in France this weekend, the BBC has learned from the force's latest figures.
People in Wales could save £1.5m a year if they switched to a healthier mode of transport, according to a new campaign to encourage people to get to work more miles to get there and back home in less time, it has been claimed by a transport charity.
Five men have been charged with drugs offences following a police operation in Oxford, police have said, as part of a major anti-drugs operation in the city's south-west of England and Scotland Yard area of the county, it has been revealed in a press release.
Derby County manager Nigel Pearson says he will not rush the return of midfielders Jacob Butterfield and Martin Olsson from injury ahead of Saturday's Championship opener against Brighton & Hove Albion at the Madejski Stadium, despite both having been involved in pre-season training.
Kyle Edmund will captain Great Britain in Friday's Davis Cup quarter-final against Serbia in Belgrade, which will see the British number two play Janko Tipsarevic in the first of two singles matches in a five-set tie.Andy Murray says he will not be "telling anyone what to do" during the tie.
Sam Tomkins says he would "never say never" to returning to Wigan Warriors in the future if he was offered the chance to play rugby league in the Super League club again, but admits he would not rule it out at some point in the near future.
Wigan Warriors moved to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC with an emphatic victory over Salford Red Devils at the DW Stadium to boost their chances of reaching the play-offs.Â£1.5m Super League play-off semi-finals.
A Sinn Féin councillor who left her job as a teacher at a north Belfast school after being subjected to a campaign of sectarian intimidation has thanked pupils for their "courageously offered me their full support" at a conference in the Republic of Ireland on Saturday.
Scientists say they have discovered the "master sculptor" behind some of the most famous sandstone arches in the world - the "stress field" inside the rock that controls the shape of the rocks.Â£1.5bn-worth of arches can be recreated with the same technique, they say.
The Met Office has issued its first high wind warning of the season for most of northern and western Scotland as Storm Abigail bears the name of a "vigorous depression" bringing "very strong winds" and "large waves" to the coast on Thursday and Friday.
The use of whole brain radiotherapy to treat lung cancer has been criticised in the Lancet oncology journal, which criticises the treatment as "toxic" and "tortuous". However, there is no evidence that it prolongs life, say doctors.
Chelsea midfielder N'Golo Kante has been named the Premier League's Player of the Year for the second time in three seasons, ahead of his team-mate Diego Costa, who was named as the best player in the league in 2016-17, BBC Sport has learned.
Kurt Taylor says he will not rush into a world title fight and will wait until he has more experience before facing Ricky Burns in Edinburgh next month.Â£100,000-rated Taylor is targeting a fight against the WBA super-lightweight world champion.
Aberdeen have signed Preston North End striker Stevie May on a four-year contract for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further year-long loan deal, subject to the player passing a medical and agreeing a permanent move to Pittodrie.
Clashes between Saudi security forces and protesters in a town in the country's eastern province of Qatif have left at least seven people dead, officials and activists say, as the battle for control of the area continues for a third consecutive month, local media report.
Turkey is holding a military parade in the northern Syrian town of Jarablus, where it is fighting so-called Islamic State (IS) for control of the area, days after a suicide bomb attack on a Kurdish wedding killed dozens of people, Turkish media report.
Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale has said she will not be " presumptuous" in asking for the party's support immediately after being elected leader of the Scottish Labour MSPs in May's Holyrood election.Â£1bn-a-year general election.
A woman has found the final piece of gold treasure hidden in a painting in Scunthorpe as part of an art treasure hunt which saw five items, including a golden train, hidden in the town's art gallery for more than a month.Â£1,000 worth of gold jewellery has finally been found.
The family of a soldier found dead at Deepcut Barracks have called for her body to be exhumed to allow a full inquest to be held into her death, a coroner has been told at a pre-inquest hearing.A coroner has said he will wait for a doctor's report before making a decision on exhumation.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a walk in memory of murdered schoolgirl Paige Doherty who was found dead in a wooded area in West Dunbartonshire last month.Â£10,000 worth of pink balloons have been released to mark the first anniversary of her death.
A new search and rescue helicopter base in south Wales has been praised for being able to respond to emergency calls within seven minutes of the first call-outs.Â£1.5m worth of equipment has been delivered to its new base since it started operating last month.
Sport Ireland chief executive John Treacy has warned that funding to the organisation could be at risk after a row broke out over the selection of two Irish boxers for next month's European Championships in the Ukraine, writes the BBC Sport Ireland website's Tom Treacy.
The daughter of aid worker David Haines, who was killed by Islamic State (IS) militants in Syria, has called for the group to be "erased" and for airstrikes to be carried out against them to "erase" the group from the Middle East.
Warwickshire reached the One-Day Cup semi-finals for the first time this season as Steven Trott's maiden first-class century helped them to a seven-wicket win over Essex.The Division Two leaders will face Somerset in the final at Lord's next week.
Haiti's interim President Jovenel Privert has been sacked after less than a month in office, the country's Senate and assembly have said in a joint statement on Monday.The suspension of his 120-day term has been extended by the opposition-led opposition.
The flight data recorder from the crashed EgyptAir plane that crashed in the Mediterranean last month has been recovered from the sea floor, Egyptian investigators have said in a statement to the state news agency Ebbw Vale de France news agency (EDF). It is due to be analysed on Friday.
The UK will not succeed in defeating terrorism "in isolation", the prime minister has said, as she called for closer co-operation with the US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand in the fight against the threat from radical Islamists in the Middle East and North Africa.
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that employment tribunal fees are unlawful and unconstitutionally discriminatory, in a ruling that is seen as a "tremendous victory" for workers' rights to bring discrimination cases against the government on behalf of their trade unions.
Iranian football officials have banned a goalkeeper from the country's national team for six months because of his "spongeBob SquarePants" trousers, sparking outrage on social media and among ordinary people.Â© AFP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images and Getty Images
Lindsey Vonn became the first woman to win three World Cup downhill and super-G World Cup races in the same season with victory in Germany on Sunday.Â£1.4m in prize money was awarded to the United States' Rachel Hutter.
Firefighters have issued a safety warning for hoverboarders after two devices caught fire in London in the space of a month, prompting a warning to owners to keep an eye on their devices while they are on charge and to check them before they go on public use.
Scotland and Ireland have been drawn in the same group as England and Ireland in the group stage of the inaugural World Twenty20, which begins in India on Monday with the opening match of the tournament in Nagpur, India.The BBC will provide live coverage of all 20 matches in this year's tournament.
Tottenham's FA Cup semi-final against Chelsea at Wembley will be shown live on BBC One, the BBC Sport website has been told by the FA Cup fifth-tier governing body, the Football Supporters' Association (FA) and BBC Radio Solent (FAV).
The owners of a hotel where a holidaymaker was seriously injured when he fell from a balcony have been fined more than £7,000 for a health and safety breach, a court has heard in a case involving a "petrified" man.Â£3,000 fine and £3,037 costs.
Sir Vince Cable, the former business secretary and former Liberal Democrat business secretary, has said that vocational education should be given the same status as university degrees and GCSEs in England, and that apprenticeships should not be relegated to the back of the queue of apprenticeships.
A council's plans to close a swimming pool in Derby have been scrapped after a petition against the move was signed by more than 4,000 people calling for it to be kept open, it has been confirmed to BBC Radio Derby's Victoria Derbyshire news website.
The family of a man who murdered a father-of-three nine years ago have said they have "absolutely no faith in the justice system" after he was told he was eligible for a pre-release scheme for community release after serving nine years in jail.
Drinks giant Diageo has reported a fall in Scotch whisky sales for the first half of its financial year, as it continues to be hit by a slowdown in demand from consumers in emerging markets, including China and South America, and by a strong dollar against the pound.
More than 2,000 people from the Chagos Islands in the Indian Ocean have handed in a petition to the Foreign Office calling for the islanders' right to return to their former home in the British Indian Ocean territory of Orkney and return to the UK.
Ben Affleck says he was "lucky" to land the lead role in the new film Manchester by the Sea, after Matt Damon pulled out of directing and starring in the film to focus on playing a grieving father-of-three in the aftermath of the death of his brother.
Sri Lankan pirates who seized an oil tanker off the coast of Somalia's north-eastern Puntland region have released their hostages, the Sri Lankan foreign ministry has said, without paying a ransom to the hijackers, local officials say, after talks with naval forces.
A seven-year-old Muslim girl has been placed in a foster family in east London after being found in the care of a family from a different ethnic background to her own, the BBC has learned from the BBC Reality Check team.Here are some of the key facts about the case.
The owner of the Glenfada Park Museum in Londonderry has said he is shocked at the level of damage caused to the building during a break-in at the site.Â£20,000 worth of damage has been caused in overnight arson attacks on the building.
Drivers are to be fined for entering a restricted area of a city centre for the first time since a scheme to enforce traffic restrictions was scrapped three years ago has been reinstated after a review by the council and a review of the signage system by the city council.
BMW has reported a sharp rise in first-quarter profits, helped by a rise in the value of its stake in Here, the autonomous driving technology firm it co-owns with Audi, Daimler and other carmakers.Â£1.5bn worth of shares in Here have risen since it was bought by Intel.
A positive outlook on life is linked to a lower risk of dying early from a range of diseases, according to US research published in the journal of epidemiology and biostatistics in the Lancet medical journal Lancet Oncology and the journal Lancet Public Health.
Budget airline Flybe has announced it will launch two new routes between Durham Tees Valley Airport and Aberdeen International Airport in the autumn, with flights to and from Aberdeen and Dundee in the summer of 2017.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured for the new routes.
The man accused of killing five people at an airport in Florida on Friday has been charged with murder and faces the death penalty, US officials have said in a court filing in the state's largest court in the US state of New York state, where he is being held.
The US economy grew at its slowest pace in three years in the final three months of 2014, according to official figures, but consumer spending rose at its fastest pace in nearly nine years, a sign that the economy is finally "off and running" after years of contraction.
Scientists from the British Geological Survey and University College London say they have discovered a huge underground water reserve in sub-Saharan Africa that could provide safe drinking water for millions of people in need of it.Â£1.5bn of water is hidden beneath the continent's arid soil.
Charlton came from behind to beat Bolton 2-1 and boost their play-off hopes in League One, despite playing for more than half the game with 10 men at the Madejski Stadium on Saturday.Â£3m-bound Bolton's relegation fears were all but all but ended with a defeat.
Glasgow Warriors have extended the contracts of Scotland Under-20 internationals Alex Rae and Sajjad Bhatti, both of whom have signed new two-year deals with the Pro12 club.Â£500,000-a-year contracts have been signed by both.
Sexton and Rob Kearney have been ruled out of Ireland's three-Test tour of South Africa because of injury.Ian Madigan has been called up to replace the injured Johnny Sexton in the squad for the three Tests in Cape Town, Johannesburg and Port Elizabeth.
Heavy rain has caused flooding in parts of Wales, with roads, bridges and tunnels blocked by the River Taff in Newport and Pembrokeshire flooded in other parts of the south west of the country on Monday morning and police warning of more to come.
The Wimbledon Championships is one of the biggest and most famous tennis tournaments in the world, and it's held every year on Centre Court at the All England Lawn Tennis Club in south-west London from 23-28 July 2015 - the first time men's and women's tennis has been played there.
A fire on a double decker bus in North Ayrshire is believed to have been caused by an electrical fault, the fire service has confirmed to the BBC's Laura Clackmannanshire Today programme, which is understood to have started in the back of the vehicle.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh are the most likely UK cities to suffer in the short term as a result of Brexit, according to a think-tank and economic experts who have predicted the impact of the UK's exit from the EU on the country's economy over the next 10 years.
Hundreds of people have been evacuated from a seaside village in southern Italy as wildfires rage around Mount Vesuvius, amid fears that the volcano could be set on fire by arsonists, officials have said, as temperatures soared to 40C (104F) in the region.
The new Bishop of Gloucester has been formally installed at a ceremony in the city's cathedral on Friday.She is the first woman to be appointed to the role.Â£1.5m is to be spent on the new diocese over the next three years, it has been announced.
The president of the Central African Republic: Alassane Ouattara, who won a second five-year term in office in 2015, is a former IMF deputy managing director who has led the country since the end of a post-war civil war in 2003.
"Technology is changing the way we go to events," says Cvent co-founder and chief executive Manoj Aggarwal, one of the UK's most successful event organisers and a pioneer in the field of digital event management and ticketed events for more than a decade.
Ospreys maintained their 100% start to the season with a hard-fought win over Newport Gwent Dragons in the Welsh derby at the Principality Stadium, despite playing on a pitch that was deemed "horrific" before kick-off.
In our series of letters from Indian writers, film-maker and columnist Geeta Pandey looks at the history of Indian brand names, and how they have evolved over the years, writes the BBC Hindi's Sudha Pandey in Kolkata (Calcutta).
US carmaker General Motors (GM) has said it will stop making cars in India and sell its operations in South Africa as part of cost-cutting measures, as it looks to reduce its exposure to the country's struggling domestic market by $100m (Â£77m).
League Two side Cheltenham Town have signed former Hibernian midfielder Scott Graham on loan until the end of the season after he rejected a new deal with the Scottish Championship club on Tuesday.Â£250,000 has been paid in compensation for his release by Hibs.
Cardiff City manager Neil Warnock says he would not swap Kenneth Zohore for many of his players in the Championship this season, despite the 19-year-old scoring twice for the Bluebirds for the first time in his club's history on Saturday.
A man has been found guilty of murdering a soldier in a "despicable" attack outside a bar in Powys in the early hours of the morning of 8 May last year after boasting he was the "hardest man in Brecon" on the night of the attack.
The Prince of Wales and Duchess of Cornwall have visited the Brixton Pound stall during a visit to the London Borough of Brixton, where they spent the first day of their tour of the area on a tropical fruit stall selling the new Brixton Pounds, during which they spent Â£10.
More than 400 whales have been stranded on a beach in New Zealand for more than 24 hours after getting stranded by the tide, say conservationists and the local government, according to local media and the BBC New Zealand's New Zealand Herald newspaper, which reports that at least half of them are dead.
Mark McGhee has urged Scotland fans to turn up for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Slovenia if they think the team are good enough to be booed by the Hampden crowd, even if they are not good enough for them to cheer them on at Hampden.
Warwickshire's hopes of avoiding relegation from Division One of the County Championship suffered a major blow as they were left to follow on against Surrey at Edgbaston, losing by just one wicket on the third day of their match.Â£1.5m Surrey's win was their first of the season.
Three British teenagers who were arrested on their return to the UK from Turkey have been released without charge, Scotland Yard has said, a month after they were detained on suspicion of terrorism-related terrorism offences, the Metropolitan Police has said in a statement to the BBC.
Two Welsh police forces have been rated "inadequate" in a report into the performance of the country's police forces, with "room for improvement" to be made, it has been claimed by the chief constable and the police and crime commissioner for north Wales.
Ministers are planning to take over some of the schools in Birmingham which have been accused of being involved in a "Trojan Horse" Islamic takeover plot, the BBC has been told by a government source who declined to be identified.The BBC understands that the local authority in the city could be broken up.
Turkish giants Galatasaray have signed Morocco international striker Nabil Belhanda from Atlas Lions for an undisclosed fee on a four-year deal from FC Dynamo Kiev, subject to a work permit and international clearance, reported by BBC Sport's Tom D'Ath.
A man who was jailed for threatening to blow up an airport in a foul-mouthed tweet has launched an appeal against his conviction and six-month jail sentence at the High Court in the UK's most senior court, arguing his right to free speech has been infringed.
How would you like to work for a company where you do not have a boss, and you are not required to ask for permission to make any decisions or ask permission for others to make them yourself, even if it is the right thing to do at the right time of day?
A passenger plane forced to make an emergency landing in Birmingham after smoke started to seep into the cabin was forced to do so because of a number of technical problems, an accident report has found, including a loose connection between the plane's landing gear and battery connection.
Liam Livingstone has been called up to the England squad for the Twenty20 series against South Africa, which starts next month.The England and Wales Cricket Board has named a 23-man squad for this summer's series.Â£1.5m prize money is to be awarded to the winner of the final match of the tournament.
Dozens of eye operations have been performed in a mobile operating theatre at a Nottinghamshire hospital after problems with the mobile unit led to some patients suffering discomfort after the procedure, it has been revealed to the BBC Nottinghamshire news website (BST) on Thursday.
A court in Germany has begun hearing evidence in the trial of eight alleged members of a far-right group accused of carrying out a series of bomb attacks on asylum-seekers' shelters and left-wing targets.The trial has begun in the eastern city of Freital.
EU funding for Wales has not had an impact on the referendum vote to leave the EU, the Welsh Government's finance minister has said, but the public did not recognise the outcomes of its policies.Â£1.8bn of EU funding has not "really had the impact" on Wales, he said.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi, the Libyan man convicted of bombing Pan Am flight 103 over Lockerbie in December 1988, is serving a minimum of 27 years in prison in the UK for his part in the atrocity, which led to the deaths of 270 people on board.
Islamic State (IS) militants have released a video showing the destruction of ancient Assyrian artefacts in Iraq, in what is believed to be the first such attack on the country's cultural heritage by the jihadist group in more than two years, experts say.Â£1m worth of ancient artefacts have been destroyed in a "cultural catastrophe".
Floods caused by Storm Desmond have caused flooding across the UK, with thousands of homes being flooded and thousands of people forced to leave their homes for the second time in a week, and many people having to make do with a few days of clean-up work.
Telecoms company TalkTalk has reported a fall in profits for the three months to the end of March as it continues to pay the cost of last year's cyber attack on its customers' personal data and banking details.The company has said it is "very encouraged" by the way the business has bounced back.
Dutch brewer Heineken has been told it must submit plans to buy the Punch Taverns pub chain or face an in-depth competition probe by the UK's competition watchdog, the Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) has said in a written warning to the company.
The oil and gas industry has opened a new centre in Aberdeen that aims to develop new technology for the North Sea's offshore oil industry to help it compete with the big oil firms that dominate the sector in the region's oil and natural gas industry and in the world beyond.
Sunderland winger Adnan Januzaj has been ruled out for the rest of the season with an ankle injury, the Premier League club have confirmed to BBC Radio Solent reports from Sunderland's Tyne-Wear training ground on Wednesday morning (15:00 GMT).
Two men have been sentenced at Belfast Crown Court for their part in a multi-million pound drugs operation that involved the "widespread supply of illicit drugs" both in the UK and elsewhere, including online purchases and the use of the Bitcoin virtual currency, a judge has said.
BBC News School Report News Day is one of the most important days of the academic year for 11 to 16-year-olds, and this year is no different for all schools taking part in the BBC News Day 2017 - but how do you set up a web page to host your school's content?
Archaeologists say they have uncovered new information about an Iron Age hill fort in Gwynedd, which was previously thought to have been a lost stronghold of the Silurian tribe from the 5th Century BC, but now appears to have a much more colourful past.
A gun has been used in a gun attack on a police car in west Belfast, in which shots were fired through the window of the vehicle, police have said, in what they described as a "mindless, reckless attempt to kill officers" in an apparent dissident republican attack.
Hundreds of people have taken part in a march to protest against the closure of Kids Company, a children's charity which provided support to some of the most deprived young people in inner-city Britain.The prime minister has said he is "saddened" by the charity's closure.
Mozambique's President: Filipe Nyusi (Nyusi) -    - is seeking re-election for a second five-year term in office, the first since the end of the country's long civil war in 1992.
Bristol City Council has been criticised for paying a private company up to £6m to run a park-and-ride bus service for up to 15 years after it was not profitable, it has been claimed by the city's transport boss and a Tory MP.
Up to 200,000 children in England could face poverty as a result of changes to the way benefits are paid to families with three or more children, say campaigners.The government's new rules on child benefit are "illogical" and "unfair", say researchers.
Scotland's skills system needs to be overhauled to ensure it is fit for the 21st Century, according to a new report by a think tank and business think tank which has called for a new national focus on training for the future of the country's workforce.
A US judge has sentenced a former Guantanamo Bay detainee to life in prison for his role in the 1998 bombings of two US embassies in East Africa that killed 224 people, including the US ambassador to the UN and the then-president of Kenya, John F Kennedy.
Wycombe Wanderers winger Kadeem Harris has joined Cardiff City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £500,000, on a three-and-a-half-year deal, with the option of a further 12 months at the Welsh club.
The Hinkley Point nuclear power station in Somerset is not only one of the most important infrastructure projects in British history, it is the biggest single investment in the UK's nuclear industry since the Chernobyl disaster of 1986 and the most expensive in the history of the country's nuclear power industry.
Tributes have been paid to a former Glamorgan and Pontarddulais cricket player who has died suddenly at his home in Bridgend county T20.com has been set up in memory of the man who also played for the county's first XI.
The United States says it has killed Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the leader of the so-called Islamic State (IS), in a drone strike in Syria last week, killing him along with several other senior militants.There is no official confirmation yet that al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri has been killed by the US.
Bolton Wanderers have re-signed goalkeeper David Forde on a two-year deal after his contract with the Championship club was terminated by mutual consent on Friday.Â£500,000 has been paid in compensation to Bolton Wanderers for his release by the club.
Kieran Williams scored twice as Tranmere Rovers beat Doncaster Rovers to move into the play-off places in the League Two play-offs for the first time since the end of the season in March. Click here for all the latest team news and stats.
Nottingham Forest director of football Les Collymore has withdrawn from the running of the Championship club, saying he wants to "pushing against the tide of doubt, spite and rabble rousing" rather than "peddling" his views.Â£50m takeover bid by John Jay Moores is still on the table, reports BBC Radio Nottingham.
Widnes Vikings have defended their use of an artificial pitch for their Super League match against Warrington on Saturday, saying it posed no more danger to players than any other surface.Â£1.5m worth of damage caused by the pitch was "consistent with those on any surface in any weather".
Plans for a £50m revamp of Bath city centre have been unveiled as part of a £200m spending plan to boost the city's economy and boost the local tourism industry, it has been announced by the local authority which runs the town centre.
Connacht have signed New Zealand-born prop Dominic Robertson-McCoy on a two-year deal from New Zealand's Northland Blues, subject to a work permit and a medical, with the option of a further 12 months in the deal if he is offered a contract.
A bagpipes player has been found guilty of defrauding the Hillsborough Justice Campaign out of more than £20,000 by pretending to be a charity busker to raise money for the victims' families and to pass off as a charity fundraiser for charity work.
Probation officers in England and Wales are failing to get offenders who have been ordered to do unpaid work to complete their sentences on time, a report has said, calling for "urgent remedial action" to improve the service's effectiveness.Â£1.5bn in unpaid work orders should be scrapped, inspectors say.
Rory Best will captain the British and Irish Lions in the second Test against the Hurricanes in Wellington on Saturday, 2 July.George North and Jonathan Joseph will both start at scrum-half and fly-half for the second match in a row.The All Blacks have released three players for the match against the Lions.
Adele's new single, Hello, has gone straight to number one in the UK in its first week of release, breaking the chart record for the most combined sales and streaming in a single week for a single single in a week.Â£1.5m has already been spent on the track in the US, according to sales figures.
Police searching for a missing Aberdeenshire man have said they have found no trace of him in the Greenburn area of Stirlingshire and are continuing their search in the area in the hope of finding him by the end of the week.Â£10,000 of clothing has been found.
Teaching assistants in County Durham have held a rally in a bid to resolve a long-running dispute over pay and working conditions that has led to a series of strikes in the past year, the Unison union has said.Â£1.5m of savings could be made if the council does not make cuts.
The Green Party leader Leanne Wood has said the general election offers an opportunity for "harmonious co-existence" between Wales and Scotland, but the main political parties need to work together to achieve it, if they are to win power in May's general election.
The melting of Arctic sea ice has reached an unprecedented level, scientists say, and it is likely to continue for at a faster rate than at any time in the past 1,500 years, as the region's melting continues at an unprecedented rate and at a much faster pace.
A Muslim convert who married a man of Pakistani descent says he has received death threats and abuse since their wedding day, but says he will "never get rid of his faith" and will never change his life's "choice" of living as a gay Muslim.
Cornwall will face Cheshire in the One-Day Cup final after a bonus-point win over Surrey in the semi-final at Twickenham.Â£20,000 prize money will be awarded to the winners and runners-up after the match finished 23-23.
A virtual reality app based on the Alice in Wonderland books has been launched in Llandudno, Conwy county, ahead of the 150th anniversary of the publication of the story's first book next year.The Cheshire Cat, Mad Hatter and Alice are among the characters featured in the new app.
Three people have been taken to hospital after a bus was hit by a lorry on the A34 in Oxfordshire, leading to the closure of the southbound carriageway for more than three hours, causing severe delays to traffic.Passengers on board said it was "insane" to be hit by the vehicle after its power failed.
Two councils in West Sussex have accused the government of a "sham" over plans to widen six junctions on the A34 in a bid to ease congestion on the eastbound carriageway between the town and the resort town of Brighton and Hove.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa boss Michel Platini have been banned from football for eight years after being found guilty of corruption charges by Fifa's ethics committee."I will fight for me and for Fifa," said the world governing body's outgoing president.
Archaeologists have discovered a "square megalithic circle" inside a huge Neolithic stone circle in Leicestershire, according to experts who say it could be the largest of its kind in the UK and possibly the first of its type in the world.
A woman has been seriously injured after being mauled by a banned breed of dog in Lincoln, Lincolnshire Police have said, in what is believed to be the first such attack of its kind in the city in more than 20 years.The owner of the animal is due to appear in court.
Wrexham Devils are the best team in the Elite League and can still win trophies this season, says head coach Craig Bowns, despite missing out on the Challenge Cup and Elite League play-off semi-finals this weekend, says BBC Wales Sport.
A boy who developed a rare form of narcolepsycho-dementia after being given a vaccine has been awarded £120,000 in compensation after his family won a legal battle to have the money paid to his family for his medical bills and treatment.
Lifeguards will be on duty at Camber Sands this weekend in the wake of the deaths of five men who drowned after getting into difficulty in the sea at the seaside resort last week, a council has said.The RNLI has said it will provide patrols at the beach.
Police have issued a warning to people who dress up as clowns to be aware they could be arrested for public order offences, after a rise in reports of the prank in south Wales over the weekend, it has been claimed by the BBC Wales news website and local media.
A former IRA member who was jailed for murder in the 1970s is challenging a request by the PSNI to obtain tapes of interviews he gave to a US university as part of an oral history project on the Troubles from Boston College in the 1980s and 90s.
Cardiff City defender Bruno Ecuele Manga is recovering in hospital after being diagnosed with malaria, the Championship club have confirmed.Â£1.5m striker is expected to be fit to return to training later this week after recovering from the illness he was diagnosed with on Monday.
Wolves moved to within a point of the League One play-off places with victory over Cambridge at the Molineux Stadium, despite being held to a draw by the hosts.Â£1.5m-rated Cambridge United remain without a win in five games.
UKIP MEP Nathan Gill has been criticised by some of his own party for the way he has handled the selection process for assembly election candidates in Wales, but he insists he has done enough to win the support of the party's rank-and-file and to stand up for Wales.
A motorcyclist who died after a two-vehicle crash in Aberdeenshire has been named by the Scottish Police Service (SPSTA) as a father-of-three from the Brechin area of Inverness who had recently moved to the area.
This year's bad weather has led to a decline in the number of insects in the UK, according to a wildlife charity, with experts warning that it could lead to some species being driven closer to extinction if the bad weather continues on its current course in the country.
It was always going to be a difficult decision for Prime Minister David Cameron to make, but now he has to make it a decision that will be difficult for him to take.Â£1.5bn worth of bombs, $1bn of weapons, £2bn of ammunition, £1.6bn of fuel, £3bn of air space, £5bn of military equipment, £4bn of training.
A gunman has opened fire outside a gay bar in the Israeli city of Tel Aviv, wounding eight people, three of them seriously, Israeli police say, and one of them is in a critical condition in hospital in Jerusalem, hospital officials say, as a manhunt is under way.
Sony has said it will stop making its Reader e-book readers in Europe and North America, ending production of the last model in the country in 2014.Â£1.3bn ($1.4bn; $1.6bn) in sales.
Israel says it has removed metal detectors placed at a holy site in Jerusalem after days of protests over the killing of two Israeli police officers at the site, and that Jordan has allowed Israeli embassy staff to return to the country after a stand-off with the country's ambassador.
A summit aimed at improving resilience to flooding is to be held in Cardiff on Monday to discuss how to reduce the risk of future storms and flooding in Wales as a result of climate change and rising sea levels in the UK and the risk to homes and businesses from coastal erosion.
Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says there are five teams who can win the Premier League title this season, including Manchester United, who he believes are "very strong"."They have a great squad and they can fight to win it," said the Blues boss on the eve of the final round of games.
A police dog that attacked a man while on a training exercise in Cumbria has been put down, the force has said, after the incident was reported to the force's own internal affairs unit and the police watchdog.Â£10,000 compensation has been paid to the man who was injured.
Eugene, an artificial intelligence chatbot, has passed the Turing Test for the first time, the University of Reading has announced in a press conference on its campus in Reading.Â£50,000 worth of prizes have been given to the winners.ÂÂ£20,000 each.
Six Scottish swimmers have been named in the Great Britain team for this summer's Olympic Games in Rio after making the final 23-man shortlist for the Rio 2016 event on Monday.Â£1.5m of funding has been secured by the Scottish Swimming Federation (SFS).
Egyptian judoka Ahmed El Shehaby was booed by the crowd after refusing to shake Iran's Sasson's hand during their men's -57kg judo quarter-final at the Rio Olympics on Saturday.The International Olympic Committee is investigating the incident.
Inverness Caledonian Thistle moved to within four points of Scottish Premiership leaders Aberdeen with a hard-fought win over Hamilton Academical, who remain without a win in five games in all competitions this season.Â£1.5m-rated Inverness Caley Thistle leapfrogged Accies into second place.
South Africa is the largest country in Africa and one of the continent's major economic and cultural centres, with a population of more than 50 million people living in the vast majority of its 2.5 million-plus ethnic groups, from which it emerged as a result of the end of apartheid.
Scientists in Japan have developed a new way to detect Alzheimer's disease in the brain.It can be visualised using a 3D scan of the living brain, a study suggests in the first step of a long-term effort to find a cure for the disease.
Johanna Konta says she is not fazed by the talk of a British woman winning the Wimbledon title for the first time in 40 years as she continues her bid to become the first British woman to win the women's singles since 1977 to reach the final.
The roll-out of smart meters across the UK has suffered a further setback, just days before it was due to be switched on in the latest setback in a project that has already been put back three times in the last 18 months, the BBC has learned.
The Northern Ireland Assembly has rejected a DUP motion calling for a "massive reduction" in penalty fines from £90 to £45 if the bill is paid within 14 days, as part of a review of on-street parking arrangements in town and village car parks in Northern Ireland.
Complaints about bullying in the Conservative Party had been made to the party's chairman before 2010, according to Patrick Sullivan, one of the authors of a "dossier" on the alleged bullying of young activists in the 2010 general election campaign, which was handed to party bosses.
A fishing boat has been rescued off the Anglesey coast after it started taking on water in the early hours of the morning, prompting a lifeboat to be called out to try to free it from the sea bed off the Gower coast in the north Wales coast.
St Ronan's College beat St Mary's Magherafelt 0-13 to 0-9 in the semi-final of the All-Ireland Under-21 Football Championship at Croke Park on Friday night to book a place in next week's decider against St Patrick's College Dublin.
Two high-resolution video cameras have been successfully attached to the International Space Station (ISS) in a bid to provide high-quality imagery of the Earth from space.Â£1.5m worth of equipment has been successfully installed on the station, its developers have said.
A teenager from a remote village in northern India has become the country's most successful student in a secondary school exam, despite having to study in the dark because of a lack of electricity and running water and mobile phone signal in his home village, reports BBC Hindi's Geeta Pandey.
An urgent review of lifejacket testing is to be carried out after a crab boat sank with the loss of three men on board, it has been recommended by an accident report into the incident.The skipper and two crew were found face-down in their lifejackets when rescue services arrived.
Satellites have helped archaeologists in Egypt to identify some of the country's most important archaeological sites by analysing images of the ground beneath the surface, the BBC has learned.More than 1,000 pyramids have been identified using new technology developed in the United States.
A murder investigation has been launched after a woman's body was found at a house in Lancashire, police have said, with the arrest of a man on suspicion of her murder following the discovery of a body in the house.Detectives have appealed for information about her disappearance.
The final episode of BBC One's award-winning sitcom Miranda has been watched by more than 7m viewers, according to overnight figures, making it the most-watched programme of the year so far on the BBC One One One Show network, ahead of its Christmas Day episode.
When Apple unveiled its new smartwatch at its event on Monday, it was clear that it was going to be one of the most hotly anticipated products of the year - and the world's first of its kind to be shown off in person at a major technology show.
A Scottish sea salt company has signed a deal with Sainbury's to stock its products in the UK's largest supermarket chain for the first time, it has been announced in a bid to boost production and increase sales of its products.Â£180,000 worth of sea salt is to be sold in stores.
"What time does your website close?" and "Can I exercise my kestrel on your tip?" are among the "bizarre" phone calls made to councils in England and Wales, according to the Local Government Association (LGA) which represents local authorities.
A painting of the coronation of King Henry VIII has been discovered in a park in County Durham, more than 130 years after it was painted.Experts are trying to solve the mystery of how it ended up in the county.Â£1m worth of restoration work has been carried out.
Plans to build a fast food restaurant in a Gloucester suburb have been approved by a planning inspector despite more than 1,000 objections and more than 2,000 signatories to a petition against the scheme, it has been claimed by a campaign group which has vowed to take the decision to court.
Mental health patients are being taken to A&E departments instead of police cells because of a police policy to take them to hospital, a doctor has said, amid a rise in the number of detentions of people under the Mental Health Act in Devon and Cornwall.
Tiger Woods says he hopes to be playing golf for at the highest level for the next five to 10 years after announcing his retirement from the sport for the first time in his career."Physically, sometimes I feel like a five-year-old," says the four-time major winner.
The Champions League final at Cardiff's Principality Stadium is the biggest game in the history of the city's footballing history and it is fitting that it will be staged in the city where it all began 42 years ago this month."I never thought a European Cup final would be here in my lifetime," says Terry Yorath.
Video game developer Take-maker Take-Two has teamed up with the National Basketball Association (NBA) to create an e-sports league for basketball players to compete in a video game version of the NBA, called the NBA 2K ELeague, in the United States.
Theresa May has said she has "absolute faith" in the UK's Trident nuclear weapons system despite reports that a missile fired from a Royal Navy submarine caused a misfire ahead of a vote on its renewal in the House of Commons last year.The SNP has accused the prime minister of "side-stepping" questions about the incident.
Andy Murray's rise to the top of the world rankings is the latest in a long line of sporting greats to come from a man who has already produced a first Olympic gold medal, a first Grand Slam title, and a first world number one ranking, all in the space of two months.
Aston Villa have signed winger Scott Sinclair from Manchester City on a four-year deal for an undisclosed fee, with the option of a further 12 months, subject to a work permit and a work review by the Premier League club's Football Association, reports BBC Radio Stoke.
Chris Froome won the Criterium du Dauphine for the third time in four years as he extended his overall lead to 10 seconds at the end of Sunday's final stage in the Alps to take his third title in the race in a row.
Elvis Presley's road manager Joe Esposito has died at the age of 74, his daughter has confirmed.Â£1.5m has been donated to charity by the Elvis Presley Foundation in memory of the late star's friend and fellow Memphis road manager, Joe Eposito.
(Close): Shares in British Airways owner IAG and its owner Easyjet were among the biggest fallers on the FTSE 100 on Monday, with shares in the airline owner down more than 4% after it announced it was selling its stake in the business to Qatar Airways.
One of the last remaining flying Lancasters due to take part in the Bournemouth Air Festival has been grounded due to an engine fault, its owners have confirmed to BBC Radio 4's Today programme on the eve of its scheduled display at the event on Saturday.
A man has appeared in court charged with abducting a 12-year-old girl from her home and taking her to a brothel where he is alleged to have had sex with a man in the back of a car.Â£20,000 bail has been granted for his bail.
The number of people made homeless by councils in England has risen for the first time in five years, official figures show, as the Grenfell Tower fire tragedy highlights the issue of homelessness in the wake of the tragedy.The government says it is committed to doing more to prevent people becoming homeless in the first place.
Tottenham's failure to win the Premier League title this season is not a "tragedy", says Chelsea boss Antonio Conte, who believes the club must improve if they are to compete with the elite clubs in the top two tiers of the English game.
If you want to see your favourite band or singer perform live, how much would you be prepared to pay to get them to play in your town or city, and how much do you need to spend to see them play in the first place?Â£10,000 to $15,000?
Microsoft is to release a complete collection of Halo games for the Xbox One - the first time the company has done so since the original Xbox 360 was retired in 2012 - at the E3 games show in Los Angeles on Wednesday.Â£1.5bn is to be spent on the latest instalment in the sci-fi series.
Tributes have been paid to British singer-songwriter and actor Liam Neeson, who has died at the age of 35.com has been described as "a legend" by his family and friends. Â£1.5m has been donated to his foundation by fans.
Home Secretary Theresa May should ban two "incendiary speakers" from the English Defence League (EDL) from entering the UK, a senior Labour MP has said in a letter to the Home Office and Commons committee chair chair chairwoman, calling for a ban on their entry.
US President Barack Obama has said he told Donald Trump it was "really important" to send "signals of unity" during the bitter election campaign, to reach out to minorities and women who were "concerned about the tenor of the campaign" and to unite the nation.
At least 20 people have been killed and more than 100 injured after a passenger train derailed in the northern Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, officials say, as rescuers try to find survivors of the crash.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m) of diesel fuel has been used to run the train.
Glamorgan have announced their 2017 T20 Blast group fixtures for the first time, which will see them face Hampshire, Sussex, Middlesex and Somerset in the group stage.The Welsh county will face Gloucestershire, Somerset, Essex and Kent in the first three rounds of the competition.
Dancing star Claudia Gallacher has been charged with drink-driving after she was arrested on suspicion of driving while more than twice the legal alcohol limit, police have said, adding she is due to appear in court next month to answer the charge.Â£10,000 bail has been granted by magistrates.
A police officer has described the "absolute carnage" of the crush that killed two students at a nightclub, saying he was dragged under a crowd and had his utility vest hanging off as he tried to move through the chaos.A paramedic had to stop resuscitating one of the victims, an inquest has been told.
A woman and her young child have been raped in a "very traumatic ordeal" after they were abducted from a car with a man they did not know, police have said, as they appealed for help to track down the car they were travelling in down a country lane.
Ali Carter says he is "lucky to be alive" after losing to world number one John Higgins in the first round of the UK Championship because of a chronic bowel condition, which he says is a "wonderful" reason to play at the highest level of the game.
A blogger who raised thousands of pounds for charity after being diagnosed with a brain tumour has died of the disease, her family has said in a statement on her Facebook page, days before she was due to marry her fiancÃÂ£30,000-a-head.
(Close): Wall Street markets were mixed on Thursday as investors digested the latest comments from the European Central Bank (ECB) and the US Federal Reserve on the eurozone's economic stimulus measures and the prospect of a rate cut by the US central bank next week.
A giant sinkhole has opened up in the centre of the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo, close to the home of the host nation's football team, Brazil, ahead of their World Cup qualifier against Uruguay on Tuesday.Â£1m worth of damage has been caused by the sinkhole, police say.
Cardiff City twice came from a goal down to earn a point at Brentford in a thrilling game at Griffin Park, despite being reduced to 10 men at the end of the first half and conceding a second-half penalty to go down to 10-man Brentford.
The International Olympic Committee (IOC) has apologised after a top official compared Russia's 2018 Winter Olympics team to the Holocaust, saying it was "more extreme" than the Nazi regime of Adolf Hitler's Nazi Germany in the 1930s and '40s, reports say.
A British tourist has been removed from Machu Picchu in Peru after being questioned by police over nude photos and streaking, the Foreign Office has confirmed to the Press Association (PASA) in London and the Peruvian capital, Lima, where he was staying.
Chinese authorities have confirmed that a warehouse that exploded in the northern city of Tianjin on Friday contained three different types of toxic chemicals, all of which are highly toxic and highly flammable, according to local media and reports from local authorities.Experts say the blasts could pose a public health risk to the Chinese public.
The use of unqualified teachers in schools in England is jeopardising the educational progress of children, says the NASUWT teachers' union, which represents more than 4,000 teachers in the country's academies, free schools and free schools, in a survey of its members.
A 19-year-old woman has been raped in the Meadows area of Glasgow city centre on Saturday morning, police have said in a new appeal to help catch a man who knocked her to the ground and carried out the "horrific" attack in the early hours.
Jeremy Corbyn has said he is "determined" to lead Labour to power if he is re-elected as leader, insisting he will not quit if he does not think he can win the party's next general election in May's general election or in the local elections next year.
Europeans owe most of their genetic make-up to a small group of hunter-gatherers who arrived in the region about 5,000 years ago, a study of ancient DNA has revealed, shedding new light on where and how they came to be.
The owner of a shop named after the Islamic militant group Isis has said she is considering changing its name after receiving death threats and online abuse."I have absolutely no sympathy with these monsters in Syria," she has said of those who have linked it to the group.
Police Scotland has been contacted by another former pupil at Gordonstoun High School in Glasgow about what it calls a historical matter, BBC Scotland has learned from BBC Scotland.Gordonstoun has said it is "shocked and saddened" by the latest allegation of abuse at the school.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said he will make rail renationalisation Labour policy if he is re-elected, with the party promising a "clear plan" for a "fully integrated railway in public ownership" if he wins the party's general election in May.
The mother of a schoolgirl who was abducted by a teacher and taken to France for sex with him has spoken for the first time about the "nightmare" she and her family have been through since she was taken there by the paedophile hunter in 2012.
Borussia Dortmund have completed the third signing of the week by agreeing a deal to bring in Ivory Coast midfielder Ousmane Dembele from French Ligue 1 side Rennes.Â£12.5m is the latest in a busy week for the German club.
Inflation in China has risen for the second month in a row, according to the latest official figures from the country's statistics bureau, the People's Bank of China (BRC).The country's inflation rate rose to 3.9% in June from 3.7% in May, slightly above forecasts.
Nigeria legend Sunday Oliseh says he is "very pleased" with the progress he has made as head coach of Dutch second-tier side Fortuna Sittard, but says he had to start from "zero" when he took over at the club.
All pictures are copyrighted and no-one should be allowed to use them in any way without the permission of the BBC or the BBC Scotland website or social media platform, Twitter or Instagram (see www.bbcscotlandpics.co.uk/sends).
The fuselage of a World War Two aircraft has been transported to a museum where it will go on display next to the RAF's Hercules Hercules after a lorry journey of more than 1,000 miles (1,800 km).Â£1.5m has been spent transporting it.
A couple from Worcestershire have died while on holiday in Morocco, the Foreign Office has confirmed to BBC Newsnight's Victoria Derbyshire news website, along with their four children, aged between 11 and 17, from falling from a second floor balcony.
These giant ice balls have been photographed in the Arctic Ocean off the coast of Siberia, Russia, to mark the International Ice Hockey Federation (IFOF) Day.Â£1.5m worth of ice has been released by the country's largest ice company, Russia Ice Federation.
Guernsey's Ryman League side could face a £10,000 travel bill if they are to play in the FA Cup, BBC South West Sport has been told by the Football Association.Â£1,000 is needed to enter the competition, the governing body has told the club.
Marvel co-creator Stan Lee is to be the subject of a new film, it has been reported, with 20th Century Fox planning to make a big screen version of X-Men: Dawn of the Apocalypse, the first film based on the Marvel comic book series.
A new cyber security group has been set up in Wrexham to share best practices and advice on how to stay safe online and in the cyber world in the future, it has been announced.Â£50,000 worth of research has been funded by the Welsh government to develop the technology.
More than £500,000 has been raised for a rescue fund set up after a fire at a dogs' home in Greater Manchester, which left dozens of animals dead.Â£100,000 was raised for the animals and their rescuers in the space of just 24 hours.
More than half of athletes at the 2011 World Championships in Daegu, South Korea, tested positive for banned substances, according to research published in the journal Science journal on Monday.Â£1.5m worth of drugs tests were failed at the 2010 World Athletics Championships in Doha.
England all-rounder James Vince has been named in the England squad for the World Twenty20, which starts in India next month, and says he hopes it will help him develop his game in other formats of the game as well as Twenty20 cricket in the future.
A songwriter has been reunited with the grave of his great great grandfather after a local woman stepped in to help him track down his resting place following a public appeal.Â£10,000 of public money was raised for a family history project that led to the discovery of his ancestor's resting place.
Flying Scotsman, the world's most famous steam locomotive, has been given a new shade of green to mark its return to service after a £4.2m restoration project to bring it back to life in the early 20th Century, it has been revealed.
Saracens wing Nick Tompkins has signed a new three-year contract with the Premiership club, which will keep him at the club until the end of the 2018-19 season.Â£1.5m will be paid to the England Under-20 international for his services.
Director Joss Whedon has revealed the name of the new Avengers film, Avengers: Ultron, at the Comic-Con convention in Las Vegas, USA.It will be called Ultron: Age of Ultron, it has been announced.Â£1bn-worth of comic-book fans have been chanting "Avengers: Ultron" at the event.
Every day at Moco-moco primary school, a small group of boys and girls sit quietly in their classrooms, listening to the rhythmic chattering of their teachers as they do their homework and practising their English and Maths and English as they wait for their results.
The Scottish SPCA has been criticised for putting down a snake that was thought to be one of the world's deadliest venomous snakes after it arrived in the country from Africa without an anti-venom prescription, the charity has said in a written complaint to police.
A convicted child sex offender has pleaded guilty in a US court to transporting child pornography and paying to have sex with a nine-year-old Mexican boy in order to have a sexual encounter with two young brothers, US officials said, describing him as a "predator".
Wrestling fans in China are about to get their first taste of the sport's biggest star power, thanks to a new service being launched in the country's first-ever TV channel dedicated to the professional wrestling organisation.Â£1bn (Â£700m) is going to be spent on the sport in China.
At least eight people have died after being found locked in a hot trailer outside a Walmart store in the US city of San Antonio, Texas, in a suspected case of human trafficking, officials say.The driver of the vehicle has been arrested and will be charged with murder.
A police officer who was stabbed in the back of the head while trying to save the lives of two young children at a house in south-west London has been awarded an MBE for bravery and outstanding achievement in a public service by the Queen's Birthday Honours list.
Soft drinks firm AG Barr has reported a rise in annual profits, helped by sales of Irn Bru, Rubicon and Funkin, but warned of a "volatile and uncertain" market in the UK consumer environment.Â£3m of savings will be made over the next three years as a result of cost cuts.
A man has been shot and wounded by police in the US town of Ferguson, Missouri, a year after the fatal shooting of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown by a white officer in the town.Police say they have shot and killed a suspect who was on the run after an exchange of gunfire.
Madonna doesn't usually use the phrase "rebeloved heart" to promote her new album, Rebel Heart, which is due to be released on 10 March this year, because it's a bit of a'rebel heart' word. But she's been doing it this time.
Will Grigg scored a late equaliser as Wigan Athletic Bilbao came from behind to draw with Colchester United in the League One play-off semi-final first leg at the DW Stadium, despite being 2-0 down at half-time.
Charli X Factor judge and singer-songwriter Charli Cipriani has revealed that she's already written songs for Gwen Stefani and Rhianna's new album, but there's more in the pipeline for her next album. She says she wants to "take over the world" as a songwriter and singer.
Apple is to join Facebook in offering its employees in the option of freezing their eggs as part of a new policy designed to help women in Silicon Valley find jobs in the technology sector.Â£12,500 (Â£10,500) will be paid for the procedure, the companies have announced.
Muhammad Ali would have "picked apart" the likes of Wladimir Klitschko and Tyson Fury if he had faced them in the 1970s, according to former opponent Joe Shavers, who is still close to the 'Greatest' of all time.
UK interest rates have been held at 0.5% for another month by the Bank of England's rate-setting committee, as the economy continues to face "headwinds" from falling oil prices and weak global growth, according to minutes from its latest meeting.
The best-of-seven World Series is about to come to an end, with the Cleveland Indians and Chicago Cubs set to settle their differences in the best of old rivalries for the first time in more than 70 years, and the Cleveland-Chicago Cubs looking to end a 108-year wait for a title.
Theresa May has unveiled the government's Queen's Speech to Parliament, promising to deliver the "best Brexit deal" for Scotland and the rest of the UK after the UK leaves the EU, as the House of Commons opened for the first time since the general election.
The RSPCA should not be allowed to "pick and choose" its cases to suit its political and commercial needs, an MP has said, amid concerns it is too much like a "prosecutor for foxes" and not enough for animal welfare.
Google has published an interactive tour of the International Space Station (ISS) as part of its latest Street View mapping project, which aims to give the public a behind-the-scenes look at the world of space exploration from the edge of the Earth's orbit.
More than 1,000 people have taken part in the annual Christmas Day swim in Tenby in Hampshire.Â£10,000 worth of festive cheer was poured in from the sea as the annual event got under way on Christmas Day, it has been claimed.
HSBC has appointed the chief executive of Asia's biggest insurer, AIA Group, Bob Tucker, to be its new chairman, the bank has announced in a statement to the London Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange on Monday.Â£1bn-a-day trading has been suspended as a result of the announcement.
The head of the US delegation at the UN climate talks in Morocco, John Pershing, has said he is confident that the Paris climate agreement can be sustained despite uncertainty over the US's future in the White House, despite the election of President-elect Donald Trump.
Tom Routledge scored a hat-trick as Swansea City thrashed Charlotte Independence 4-0 to reach the EFL Cup second round for the first time in their history and boost their chances of reaching the last eight of the Capital One Cup in the process, reports BBC Sport.
A man has been locked in a nightclub for more than 12 hours by a group of masked men who locked him in a room ahead of Christmas Eve's Hogmanay celebrations.Police are searching for the culprits, who are believed to have gone on a night out.
The government is to publish a new draft plan to tackle air pollution in England and Wales on 9 May, the High Court has ruled, a year after a legal challenge forced it to publish its previous plan was dismissed as "woefully inadequate" by a High Court judge.
A memorial to police officers killed on duty is to be built at the National Memorial Arboretum, following the murder of an off-duty police officer who was shot dead outside the Houses of Parliament earlier this year, it has been announced.The government has pledged £1m towards its £4m cost.
Crusaders extended their lead at the top of the Irish Premiership to five points as Craig Whyte and David Forsythe's late goals gave them victory over Linfield at the Brandywell on Saturday night to move them level on points with leaders Linfield.
ScotRail has launched an "unprecedented" recruitment drive to create up to 100 new train drivers across Scotland as part of a £5bn investment to modernise the country's rail network over the next five years, the company has said in a press release.
Malaysia's Prime Minister Najib Razak has said he will co-operate with a US investigation into allegations of corruption at state investment fund 1MDB, after it was named as a suspect in a US criminal probe into alleged mismanagement of public funds.
Mae'r rheithgor yn cael ei gwestiynu gan yr heddlu yng Nghymru yn y digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014, yn ôl ysgol ar y pryd ar ddiwedd.
Pregnant women in Germany are paying fake fathers thousands of euros (£4,356; $5,628) to get their children to be registered as their own, officials say, amid a rise in the number of so-called "fake paternity" cases.
Firms in the UK could face fines of up to 4% of global turnover when new EU data protection rules come into force next year, according to accountancy firm PwC, which has warned of a sharp rise in fines for data breaches over the past year.
The Turin Shroud, an image of a man wrapped in a cloth bearing the image of Jesus Christ, has gone on display in the Italian city for the first time in more than a decade.Thousands of people have visited the cathedral where it is on display, the city's archbishop says.
The Welsh health secretary has said he will make a decision on whether to increase charges for visitors from outside the UK for using the NHS in Wales later this year, after a poll suggested a majority of people would back such a move.Â£1bn cuts to the health service would be "an absolute distraction", he has said.
North Korea has said it has successfully tested an H-bomb in the waters off its east coast, in what is believed to be the country's first ever nuclear test and the first ever underground test of a hydrogen bomb, according to US news agency, the US Department of State.
The jury in the trial of former IRA leader David Fordham has retired to consider its verdict in the child sex abuse trial of the former IRA member, Thomas Fordham, who is due to be sentenced on Wednesday afternoon at Belfast's Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
The Scottish government's consultation on its named person policy has been described as a "sham" by a campaign group which mounted a legal challenge to the scheme last year.A year after the Supreme Court ruled it was unlawful, it is still not clear when the policy will come into force.
League One side Bolton Wanderers have signed Everton defender Joe Browning on a season-long loan deal.Â£1.5m has been agreed with the Premier League club.Â© BBC Radio Solicitors.com/BBC Radio SolentÂÂ©.
Thousands of people in Aberdeen are being asked to take part in a major new study to find out more about the impact of genes on health and lifestyle.Â£1m is being invested in a project to gather data on the health of Scotland's children and young people.
"I don't want to be here any more," says David, who has lived in Paris since he was a child, but he is too afraid to leave his home without crossing the road to avoid the stares of passing youths who might try to rob him.
(Close): Wall Street markets closed higher on Friday, with the S&P 500 and Dow Jones indexes closing at record highs for the first time this year, as investors digested the Federal Reserve's decision to keep interest rates unchanged and signalled fewer rises than previously expected.
German carmaker Daimler has reported a 6% rise in second-quarter net profit to 1.3bn euros ($1.6bn; £1.1bn), helped by strong demand in emerging markets such as China, India, Brazil and Russia.
Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad has called for an end to the violence in Syria, saying it is "not right" for anyone to carry out acts of violence against the Syrian government or its opponents to be condemned by the UN and other powers in the region.
Video games giant Nintendo has reported a loss for the second quarter of its financial year, as sales of its Wii U and 3DS consoles continued to lag well behind its rivals' high-end machines.Nintendo shares have fallen sharply after the firm said it expects to miss its full-year profit target.
Championship strugglers Huddersfield Town moved to within three points of the automatic promotion places with a late victory at fellow strugglers Burton Albion, who are now without a win in eight games in all competitions this season, as they leapfrogged the Brewers into eighth.
When workmen daubed the word "I" on to the side of a car park at a railway station in Cambridge, it was the latest in a long line of mistakes that have been made by local authorities over the past few years - from spelling mistakes to double yellow lines and double yokels.
A Scottish aid worker who was beheaded in Pakistan was unlawfully killed, an inquest has heard at Chesterfield Coroner's Court in the county's High Court on Friday.Â£1.5m has been awarded to his family and friends in compensation for his death.
Wimbledon champion Marion Bartoli has announced her retirement from tennis, saying she has "had enough" of the rigours of the sport and is ready to "call it a career" at the end of her current contract with WTA Finals in April.
Plans to build electricity pylons across a Gwynedd forest have been approved despite a High Court challenge.Â£2.5m of planning permission for the scheme has been ruled lawful by the Court of Appeal in Cardiff, it has been announced.
A new internet court in China has begun hearing cases via video-chat, the first of its kind to be set up in the country.Â© AFP, AFP, EPA, Getty Images, Getty and Getty Images/Eduardo Avila/Reuters
Shares in Samsung C&T, the South Korean construction equipment maker, have fallen sharply after shareholders approved its merger with Cheil Industries in a deal that values the firm at $2.3bn (Â£1.9bn; â‚¬1.8bn).
A £2m statue of an Egyptian pharaoh is to be sold by Northamptonshire County Council amid a row over who has the right to keep it.Â£1.5m of public money will be spent on "culture and heritage", the council has said.
Lancashire's return to Division One of the County Championship will begin with a home game against Essex in the first round of fixtures for the 2015 season.The 2015 T20 Blast starts on Friday, 2 April, with promotion-chasing Yorkshire at home to Nottinghamshire in the opening round.
A "heavy gambler" murdered a friend and dismembered his body before dumping it in a suitcase and disposing of the body parts in a burned-out car boot, a court has been told in a murder trial.Â£800 was taken from the victim's bank account before he was killed, a jury heard.
UKIP leader Mark Reckless is set to join the Welsh Conservatives, BBC Wales understands, in a move which could see him become the second-biggest party in the assembly after Plaid Cymru at the next general election in May 2018, it has been reported.
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny has been charged with fraud and tax evasion after he accused the Kremlin of masterminding massive state-sponsored corruption in the country's oil and gas industry, a move that could lead to a jail term of up to 18 years in jail.
Rangers cruised to a comfortable win at Queen of the South, with the hosts reduced to 10 men after having a man sent off early in the second half of their Scottish Championship meeting at Forthbank Stadium Park on Saturday.Â£3m-bound Rangers cruised into the Scottish Cup quarter-final second round.
Uganda has said it will withdraw its troops from South Sudan by the end of the month, as part of a deal with the government to end the civil war in the world's youngest country, which has been in conflict for two-and-a-half years.
Twenty air ambulance charities across the UK are to receive a share of a £5m windfall from Libor fines, the government has announced.The charity has said it is "delighted" at the news that the money will be split between them in a bid to save lives.
A teenager and his mother have set new world records for the fastest lap around the Isle of Wight in a single-handed and double-handed yachtsman race, it has been confirmed by the World Sailing Speed Records organisation (WSSR).
Brighton & Hove Albion captain Leonid Slaven Bilal Sidwell says he wants to stay at the club next season after helping the Seagulls win promotion to the Premier League for the first time in their history this season.Â£1.5m is on the table for his services.
A former health board boss who moved to England for cancer treatment has called for more investment in the Welsh NHS after being unable to get the treatment she needs in Wales because it is not available in the UK, BBC Wales has learned from a family member who is also in England.
Matt Disley scored a late winner as Grimsby beat National League leaders Forest Green Rovers to move to within a point of the automatic promotion places in the play-off places and end Forest Green's unbeaten start to the season."Automatic promotion is still a big ask," said Forest Green boss Ady Pennock after his side's 1-0 defeat at home to promotion-chasing Humberside.
A giant crystal model of the world has been built in Vienna, Austria, in a bid to break the world record for the largest known structure of a single solid crystal, according to the Austrian Institute of Physics and Chemistry (IIIC).Â£1.5m worth of it has gone on display in Vienna.
The former head of the US government's independent counsel, Kenneth Starr, has given his blessing to Hillary Clinton's bid for the White House, saying that she should "look to him as a role model" if she wants to win the election and that he would be a "good man to have in her corner".
Belfast's transport minister David Hazzard has said he wants to extend bus lanes in the city from 07:30 to 19:30 in the morning and evening to avoid confusion with other parts of the country.Â£1bn of funding for the city's transport network is to be spent over the next five years.
Britain's relationship with the United States is one of the world's most important strategic relationships, but the election of Donald Trump as president-elect has made it all the more important for the UK to be prepared for the possibility that it may have to choose sides.
Formula 1 bosses have refused to revert to the 2015 elimination system for qualifying at the Bahrain Grand Prix, according to two of the sport's most senior figures, Red Bull and Mercedes, who say a compromise has been put on the table in an attempt to avoid a new system.
England's Stuart Bingham was knocked out of the UK Championship in the first round by fellow Englishman Mark Perry, losing 6-4 in a thrilling last-16 tie.Â£1.5m-rated Perry reached the quarter-finals of the tournament for the first time.
Russian and Ukrainian media have been contrasting their coverage of the conflict in eastern Ukraine, with the Russian media portraying pro-Russian separatists as "terrorists" and the Ukrainian army as "weak, disorganised and ill-prepared" in the face of their own forces.
Worcestershire's Joe Leach and Ed Barnard hit centuries on day three against Leicestershire at Grace Road to help their side fight back on day four of their County Championship match at Edgbaston match against the Foxes in the County Championship.
A campaign to raise awareness of the dangers of extremism has been launched in Glasgow in memory of shopkeeper Asad Shah, who was murdered in the city earlier this year, who died after an attack on his Glasgow shop on Easter Sunday, last month, it has been claimed.
Spotify, the world's largest music streaming service, has announced a raft of new services aimed at making it easier for users to listen to content they have not previously been able to access via their mobile phones, such as news and sports content, on a variety of devices.
Liverpool goalkeeper Simon Mignolet "needs help" from his team-mates to prevent Arsenal from scoring a second-half winner, says Reds boss Jurgen Klopp after his side's dramatic draw at Emirates Stadium on Tuesday night in which he made a string of errors.
David Cameron has been photographed eating a packet of Pringles on a plane - the first time a UK prime minister has been pictured eating a snack while on a public trip since he took office in 2010, it has been revealed to the delight of passengers on a budget airline.
A group of ex-servicemen and women who served in the armed forces are teaming up to tell the story of the Falklands War through the eyes of children in a new book and an animated short film to help veterans cope with life outside the military.
Britain's Kadeena Johnson-Thompson secured her place at the Rio Olympics with victory in the women's pole vault at the IAAF World Indoor Championships in Salzburg - but missed out on a long jump medal for the first time in her career.
The US presidential election campaign is under way, with Donald Trump and Jeremy Corbyn appealing to voters for their "conviction" - the conviction that they can be genuine, that they are committed to their convictions and that they will not change their minds if they are not elected.
Southampton have signed left-back Nathan Redmond from Norwich City for an undisclosed fee, believed to be about £10m, on a five-and-a-half-year deal, with the option for a further 12 months if he is sold by the end of the season.
UKIP has defended its decision not to expel its Welsh assembly leader amid claims she has a "long-standing grudge" against the party, saying the move was "not the correct disciplinary process for the party" by "any stretch of the imagination" in the wake of a row.
Australian investigators are looking into the cause of a plane crash in Melbourne that killed five people, including four US tourists, and injured 11 others, including a police officer and two other people in a police helicopter and a police dog officer, officials have said, as they continue to gather evidence.
A 94-year-old Nazi war criminal who shot dead three Dutch Jews during World War Two has been moved to a hospital in Germany to serve the rest of his life sentence for the murders of three people he committed in the Netherlands in 1944 and 1945.Â£1.5m (1.6m euros; $1.8m)
The mother of a Palestinian toddler who died in a firebomb attack on her home in the occupied West Bank has died in Israeli hospital, her family says, a week after her husband also died from his injuries in an arson attack on their home.Israel says it is investigating the attack.
The Gambia's President Yahya Jammeh has stepped down from his post, ending the country's longest-serving head of state in more than two decades of rule by a man who has led the country for more than half a century and won't step down until 2018.
People are more likely to apply for loans if they are planning to buy a house or car than if they need to make repayments on unsecured loans, a survey suggests, suggesting that people are increasingly "in control" of their finances, a bank has said.
Two men have been injured in an attack at a house in the Craigmillar area of Glasgow in which a man suffered serious facial injuries and another was injured in what police are treating as an attempted murder-suicide attempt, it has emerged in a police investigation.
Tottenham striker Harry Kane is not for sale, says manager Mauricio Pochettino, with the Argentine saying it is "impossible to put a price on his head"."No-one can buy him," said the Argentine after the 24-year-old's record-breaking goalscoring season.
The Scottish government has pledged to do all it can to secure the future of Glasgow's Arches arts venue, which has gone into administration with the loss of more than 130 jobs, the SNP has told MSPs during First Minister's Questions in Holyrood.
Shares in mining giant Lonmin have jumped after it said it would raise $370m (£246m) in a rights issue to shore up its financial position and help secure loans to repay its debts, sending its share price up to its lowest level in more than two years.
The mother of a six-year-old boy who has gone missing in Poland has appealed for help to find him after he failed to return home to see her for the first time since he was born in May 2013, where he is thought to be living with his British father.
Cornish Pirates have signed scrum-half Alex Davies on a two-year deal after he impressed during their pre-season tour of Australia.Â£1.5m-rated trial spell with the Mennaye has come to an end, with the option of a further year.
Rail passengers are being warned to expect disruption to their journeys this weekend as work gets under way to repair a Grade II-listed railway station which has been closed for more than 50 years for safety and structural work to be carried out on the platform canopy and signal box.
Torquay United secured their National League status for next season with a 2-0 win over North Ferriby United at Plainmoor on Saturday night to end the Gulls' three-year stay in the National League.Â£10,000-a-season campaign.
The Foreign Office has rejected a petition signed by more than 100,000 people calling for a second referendum on the UK's membership of the EU after the UK voted to leave the union.The government has said it will consider the petition for a debate in the House of Commons.
The man who murdered schoolgirl Paige Doherty has had his minimum sentence for her murder cut by the Court of Appeal after his lawyers argued it was "excessive" and "inconsistent" with current sentencing practice and was not proportionate to the crime.
A group of voters have launched a legal challenge to the re-election of the mayor of a borough in east London, accusing him of electoral fraud, intimidation and bribery, a court has been told in a bid to overturn the result of last year's poll.
A prize for the funniest children's book of the year is to be revived by Roald Dahl's literary estate after a 10-year run, it has been announced.Â£1m has been awarded to the winner of last year's prize for funniest book of 2015.
Somali security forces have shot dead the country's youngest ever cabinet minister in a "friendly fire" incident, officials say, describing him as a "rising star" in the political scene and a "role model" for young people.The death is being investigated by the government, officials have said.
Wales goalkeeper Danny Ward says he wants to stay at Huddersfield Town after helping the Terriers win promotion to the Premier League for the first time in the club's history in the Championship play-off final at Wembley on Saturday night, but admits he is selfishly keen to stay.
An inquest into the death of a man whose body was found in a park on Christmas Eve has been told it may have been a Vietnamese man who had been on drugs, an inquest has heard, but whose identity is unknown.Police are working with Vietnamese authorities to find his relatives.
A selection of photos from around the African continent this week, some of which have been selected by the BBC's African Newsroom team, as part of our series of feature stories from the continent this year. Click here for a selection of some of the best ones.
A man and a woman have been arrested on suspicion of terrorism offences as part of an investigation into a possible terror threat to the UK, police have said in a press release on the BBC's Newsbeat website, adding they are being questioned by counter-terrorism officers.
The Canadian government has launched an inquiry into why so many indigenous women and girls have been murdered or gone missing over the past century, many of whom were young women from the country's First Nation and Métis communities, the government has said in a press conference.
A Kuwaiti man held at the Guantanamo Bay detention centre for more than a decade has returned home to Kuwait, his lawyer says, a day after he was released by the US military base in Guantanamo Bay, the first Kuwaiti detainee to be freed in more than two years.
A new national register of breast implant surgery patients in England has been launched by the government in a bid to improve patient safety and trace patients more quickly if they have had a potentially faulty implant.Â£1bn is to be spent on the project.Â€2bn will be invested over the next five years, it has been announced.
A self-driving robot has crashed into the side of a building in the US city of Berkeley, California, leaving its driver dangling from the roof of a third-floor office block in a state of semi-dazed shock, according to local media reports.
A 15-year-old girl was sexually assaulted by a man in Bristol, police have said, as she walked home from a night out in the city centre with her mother and her friend, who are both in hospital with "life-changing" injuries.
If you want to be a video game maker, you need to be able to make your own video games, says my 11-year-old son, who wants to make his own space trading game called Elite Dangerous for Star Wars: The Force Awakens when he grows up.
Gorka Izagirre won stage nine of the Giro d'Italia as Bob Jungels retained the overall lead on Saturday's penultimate stage of the race in Grosseto, with a solo ride to the summit of the penultimate mountain stage.
We're living in a "golden age" of tourism in the UK, according to the tourism industry, which is predicting a sharp rise in international visitors to the country this year, driven by falling sterling and a surge in spending by tourists from China and the US.
The Irish Foreign Affairs Minister has said the government is not seeking to extradite the son of a prominent Irish Muslim cleric to Egypt for alleged links to the banned Muslim Brotherhood group, as his trial in Cairo has been adjourned for a second time this week.The Irish government has requested that he be allowed to return home.
A flower shop has been targeted by phone scammers claiming to be from TalkTalk, the company has said, in what is believed to be the first such scam in the UK to be linked to the Welsh telecoms firm's UK operations.An investigation has been launched by Action Fraud.
A Welsh MP is to introduce a bill to stop lawyers in rape cases being allowed to cross-examine alleged victims in court about their sexual history and previous sexual partners.The cross-examination of rape complainants is "humiliating" and "re-traumatising" victims, campaigners have said.
Former Rangers youth coach Paul Durrant is to leave the club at the end of the season after being left out of the first team coaching set-up, BBC Scotland has been told by the Ibrox club.Â£500,000-a-year contract is not being offered to him.
Women's FA Cup holders Arsenal Ladies will face Manchester City of Manchester in the semi-finals of the competition for the first time in the Women's Super League One title race after a 4-0 quarter-final win over Birmingham City Ladies on Sunday.Â£500,000 prize money will be awarded to the winners.
Cornish Reds head coach Gary Churcher praised the leadership of his front-row after his side's win over Chinnor at the Racecourse on Saturday night to move up to fifth in the National Two South table for the first time in four years.
I'm looking forward to a new chapter in my career as a player-manager with Melbourne City Women, but I'm not quite sure if there will ever be a place for me to coach in the men's game, as I'm currently playing for Wales in the Women's World Cup.
UKIP has named its five candidates to be its next leader, including a controversial anti-Islam campaigner who has been banned from standing as a general election candidate for her "anti-Islam" views on sharia law and the burka ban on women wearing the veil.
British number one Johanna Konta is one of four British players who have been confirmed for the Aegon Classic in Nottingham next month, with the tournament starting in two weeks' time on 4 June, BBC Sport has learned from WTA Tour organisers WTA Finals organisers.
A Van Gogh expert has claimed a painting hung in Reading as part of an art festival is not a work by the artist and is "poorly executed" and "not van Gogh", the gallery's owner has said in a BBC interview with the artist's grandson.
An exhibition celebrating the history of the UK's exotic animals has opened at Windsor Castle to mark the 150th anniversary of the reign of King George III and the birth of the first giraffe in the UK to be born in the country since the 18th Century.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has delayed the start date of its mission to Mars by two years, to the end of the year of 2020, rather than the 2018 as originally planned, because of a lack of funds and time to assemble the robot rover.
Meet Katie - she's Katie, who's a runner who can't walk, but she can run marathons - and now she's running the London Marathon with the help of a team of friends and a neurologist who's helping her through her battle with epilepsy.
Ben Davies hit an unbeaten 93 as Surrey reached the One-Day Cup final at Lord's for the first time since 2009 as they beat Yorkshire by eight wickets in a thrilling final at Edgbaston to secure a place in the final against Lancashire at Headingley.
French police have ended a major security operation at Paris's St Charles de Gaulle railway station, hours after it was launched amid reports of a possible terror threat, officials say.â€‚¬1.5m (Â£1.4m; $1.6m) in cash and ammunition was seized.
Scientists in Japan have created a 3D model of the way cancer spreads around the body by making it fluoresce, or glow in the dark, in a lab experiment on mice, to help them understand how the disease works and why it is so hard to treat.
Thousands of people have been evacuated from their homes in the southern Indian city of Chennai (Madras) after torrential rains caused severe flooding, the government has told the BBC's Geeta Pandey from the city, which has been declared a state of emergency.
It's been a turbulent weekend for Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders in the Democratic race for the party's presidential nomination, with the two candidates trading barbs in the final days of campaigning before Tuesday's crucial Wisconsin primary and the next round of voting in the race to secure their party's nomination.
At least 13 people have been killed in a bomb explosion in the north-eastern Nigerian town of Monguno, an MP has told the BBC's Hausa service, as celebrations were taking place to mark the capture of a Boko Haram stronghold in north-east Nigeria.
MPs are heading back to Westminster for the final few weeks of campaigning before the general election on 8 May, when the House of Commons will be dissolved for the first time since the 2010 general election and the new parliament will take its first official sitting in more than four years.
A chaotic, pixelated, chaotic-looking building with a spiralling roof line is often described as "trendy" and "fantastic" by its Chinese designers, and by its critics as "too old-fashioned" and even "too modern".
Jessica Ennis-Hill's career has been a rollercoaster of highs and lows, but it has been worth it all for the British heptathlete and Olympic silver medallist, says coach Nick Minichiello, who first met her when she was a nine-year-old.
Microsoft and Facebook are teaming up with Spanish telecoms giant Telefonica to build a high-capacity internet cable across the Atlantic Ocean, the companies have announced in a joint press release from the companies' cloud computing companies, Microsoft and Facebook respectively, to help them move data more cheaply.
The Queen and other members of the Royal Family have attended a New Year's Day church service at Sandringham, after the monarch missed the Christmas Day service at her Norfolk estate.Buckingham Palace has said she is "feeling well enough to attend" the service.
The father of US intelligence leaker Edward Snowden has said he is "not sure" his son will return to the US, after arriving in Russia to discuss his son's legal status in the country."I hope that I have the opportunity to see him again," he has said.
Scientists have developed a wireless device that can safely transfer power to tiny implants inside the body, using a rabbit's heart, using just a few millimetres of space and a few seconds of electrical current, in a demonstration at a lab in Stanford, California.
Huddersfield Giants full-back Matty Sneyd has signed a new two-year contract with the Super League side.Â£250,000 has been paid to keep him at the club until the end of the 2018 season.Â© BBC Radio Lancashire
A section of the A74(M) in Dumfries and Galloway has reopened after being closed due to a crash involving a lorry and a car on its roof due to severe hailstorm conditions on Monday afternoon, police have said in a statement.
Cuban state media has denounced US President Donald Trump's new Cuba policy, saying it will "toughening the embargo" on the communist-run island, which has been in place since 1960. However, it says it will not close its embassy to the US.
An outbreak of measles in Swansea and Neath Port Talbot has seen the highest number of confirmed cases of the disease in south west Wales since 2010, Public Health Wales has said, with more than 8,500 school children at risk of catching the virus in the area.
A passenger plane has crashed into a river in Taiwan, killing all 22 people on board and injuring 15 others, local officials say, with the death toll from the disaster expected to rise as rescue teams continue to search the wreckage for more people missing from the plane's fuselage.
Two new species of magnolia trees have been discovered in Mexico after being photographed on an online encyclopaedia of flora and fauna, it has been revealed to be claimed by an online conservation charity for the first time in the world's largest database of its kind.
Carers who work with children in nurseries, nurseries and primary schools in Wales are to be given more recognition in a 10-year plan to improve the quality of education for children in the early years of primary school education, it has been announced.Â£1.5m is to be spent on improving the careers of staff.
A Norwegian astronaut has played bagpipes on the International Space Station while he was on board the space station to record a message about a scientist who died in a plane crash in the US earlier this year, it has been revealed in a video posted on Nasa's website.
Manchester City manager Roberto Mancini says striker Carlos Tevez will have his "moment" despite only making one Premier League start for the club this season so far this season."I don't know if he is happy but every player that can't play is not happy," says the manager.
Kirsty Walsh scored the only goal of the game as Manchester City beat Brondby 1-0 in the Continental Cup quarter-final first leg to take a firm lead into the second leg of their last-32 tie.Â£1.5m Manchester City Ladies will face a tough task to overturn a 0-0 draw at home to FC Copenhagen.
A couple from Falkirk have become the UK's biggest lottery winners of the year after scooping a £66.8m Euromillions jackpot, the National Lottery has confirmed to the BBC Scotland news website, after matching the five numbers and one Lucky Star.
Belgium has been hit by a series of terrorist attacks in the city of Brussels, in the south of the country, over the past few days, which are thought to be linked to the recent attacks in Paris, in which 130 people are now known to have died.
A former Soviet army officer has been charged with attacking US troops in Afghanistan after being extradited to the United States from the country, a court in Richmond, Virginia, has heard in the first court appearance of a Russian national held by the US military in the US.
Perth City Council has been asked to give "preferred bidder status" status to a proposal to turn the city's former concert hall into a food hall, after a delay in a decision on which development should be backed by the authority's planning committee in July.
Northern Ireland's progress to the Europa League group stage is a "remarkable achievement" for the team, according to assistant coach David Macphee Macpherson MacPhee, despite Scotland missing out on a place in next summer's finals in the competition for the first time since 1958.
Badger owners are being offered the chance to vaccinate their animals against bovine TB as part of a new government scheme to protect them from the disease in new areas of England, it has been announced by the Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (EDR).
Urinary catheters are a "lowly catheter" and should be replaced, according to a leading urologist who says they are an "eyesore" and a "dangerous" source of infections in the NHS and in patients' homes.
Watford striker Isaac Success has been ruled out of Nigeria's Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Cameroon on Sunday because of a knock.Chelsea defender William Troost-Ekong has been left out of the 23-man squad for the match at the Africa Cup Of Nations.
The Cuban government has condemned the launch of two new colognes named after Che Guevara and Hugo Chavez, saying it will take "appropriate measures" to deal with the "irresponsible" company behind the products, the state-owned Labiofam.
A Conservative councillor who posted a racist tweet on his official Twitter feed has resigned as a magistrate, the Judicial Office has said, amid an ongoing police investigation into a suspected hate crime in which he is being investigated by the force's anti-racism unit.Â£10,000 has been paid to his family.
A report into an incident of racial stereotyping at Cardiff University's School of Medicine has highlighted a number of "overarching issues" that need to be addressed.Â£1m of improvements have been made to the way the university deals with diversity issues, it has been revealed.
A group of Muslim leaders from around the world have visited the former Nazi death camp at Auschwitz-Birkenau in Poland as part of a two-day trip to mark the 70th anniversary of the liberation of the Auschwitz death camp from Nazi death camps in Nazi-occupied Poland.
Two police officers have been taken to hospital after being injured in a crash in Gwynedd on Saturday afternoon, it has been reported to the emergency services in the north Wales coast area, police have said, adding they are in a stable condition in hospital in Bangor.
Formula 1 bosses have made a series of changes to the sport's cars and engines in the build-up to the 2017 Grand Prix in Abu Dhabi - and it is a good time to be a fan of the sport, because the sport is about to undergo a radical revamp.
The owner of a County Londonderry ice cream shop has said the theft of a car from the premises will cost the business thousands of pounds in lost business and damage to its shelving, freezers, shutters and other items of furniture.Â£1,000 worth of ice cream has been stolen in a burglary.
Police are investigating the murder of a 46-year-old man who was attacked at his home in Glasgow in the early hours of the morning on Saturday morning, the PSNI has said in a new appeal for help to find his killer.Â£10,000 has been made available to the public.
E ejector seats on the jet that crashed into a motorway in East Sussex had expired more than a year before the crash, a report has revealed in a bulletin to aviation safety experts on the issue has been published by the UK's air accident watchdog (AAIB).
They called it the "the world's biggest yoga session" and "India's most acrobatic performance ever" - and it's fair to say that some critics of Narendra Modi were not too happy about the performance today in the Indian capital, Delhi, on World Yoga Day.
A new exhibition has been launched in Liverpool to celebrate the "lost days" of childhood in the city and how much life has changed over the years since the birth of the modern family home and the introduction of postcards and glass plate negatives to the city's streets.
The University of Manchester has been awarded £3.5m to help fund a new cancer research centre in Greater Manchester, it has been announced by the government and Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) and the Department for Business, Innovation and Skills.
Great Britain's James Hawkins narrowly missed out on victory in the men's 8km steeplechase at the Glasgow Indoor Grand Prix as Kenya's Hassan Korir won the title.Britain's Sir Mo Farah finished fourth as Great Britain's Laura Muir helped Great Britain win the team event.
A fire has badly damaged a disused Georgian mansion house in Aberdeenshire which had been the target of arson attacks for more than a decade.Â£100,000 worth of damage has been caused by a suspected arson attack, the fire service has said.
Wolves midfielder Aron Bodvarsson says new boss Paul Lambert has brought a "clear message" to the team since he took over at Molineux on 1 January, despite a poor start to his reign at the Championship club and a run of five straight defeats.
The demolition of a derelict factory in Londonderry has been completed, bringing to an end the closure of a major road in the city for the second time in a week, the Foyle Road in which it was located.Â£1.5m worth of demolition work has been carried out.
A man who stabbed a vulnerable man to death before stealing his body while he was still alive has been jailed for a minimum of 25 years for his murder and burglary offences, a judge has said in a sentencing hearing at Leeds Crown Court on Wednesday.Â£10,000 worth of items including a TV, games console and guitars have been seized.
Bookmaker Ladbrokes has reported a sharp fall in half-year profits as it continues to make "substantial progress" on its turnaround plans and closes "underperforming" shops and closes 46 of its "under performing" shops.The firm has said it remains "confident" of its outlook for the current year.
A reunion is being held to mark the 20th anniversary of the closure of the last airport in the UK to be run by the same council which fought to save it from demolition in the 1990s, it has been announced in a bid to bring the site back to life.
Two men have been rescued after their fishing boat crashed into a wind turbine in the early hours of the morning, the RNLI has said, leaving one of them with a head injury and two others with serious head injuries, all of which are not life-threatening.
A four-year-old boy's treasured toy lion has been returned to him after staff at a stately home sent it back to the boy's home in a box of stickers and a diary of his "adventure" with his stuffed friend, which went missing on Easter Sunday.
Soldiers in World War One spent less than half of their time at the front or fighting on the Western Front, research has suggested, contradicting the popular perception of life on the battlefields at the time of the conflict, it has been claimed in a new study.
The British Deaf Association has called for the use of sign language in Northern Ireland's general election campaign to be extended to include all candidates' manifestos.Â£1m of funding for the organisation is to be made available to the deaf community in a bid to improve access to information in sign language.
Scientists are attempting to map how the brain is wired in the final three months of pregnancy, as part of a project that aims to shed light on how the organ develops in the first few weeks of life, and how babies' brains are affected by problems around birth.
Wayne Rooney should stay on as England captain after his side's exit from Euro 2016, says former captain Frank Lampard, who believes the striker still has the ability to play in his best position for the national set-up at the top level of the game.
A man whose car crashed into a shop in County Tyrone has said he and his family are lucky to be alive after the vehicle hit the wall of the building.The driver has said it was a "terrifying" experience to be involved in such a crash.
When David Cameron steps down as prime minister of the UK, German Chancellor Angela Merkel will be the first European leader to meet him in Downing Street since he was re-elected in the general election last month.They'll be looking forward to working with him, and hoping he'll work with them.
The family of a mother-of-two who was found dead in a street have paid tribute to a "devoted mum" who was "very much loved by all who knew" her and was a "doting mother" to her two young sons.
Bolivia's vice-president has signed into law a law that allows 12-year-olds to work in some fields and mines, but sets a minimum age of 14 for the first time in the world for child exploitation and child homicide in the country.
Demolition of a former hospital in Rhondda Cynon Taff has been put on hold because of nesting seagulls, the Welsh government has said in a written document to the Welsh Government (NHS).Â£1.5m plans to demolish the building have been put back until next year.
(Close): London's leading shares rose more than 1% after the US Federal Reserve held interest rates at an all-time low of 0.25%, but the pound was little changed against the dollar at $1.3104, the highest level since November 2008.
Virgin Money boss Jayne-Anne Gadhia has been appointed to lead a review of student support funding in Scotland as part of a drive to improve access to higher education in the country for poorer students and those in need of financial help.Â£1.5m is to be spent on student loans over the next three years.
SeaWorld in San Diego, California, has been told to stop bringing in any more whales from the wild to its marine park in order to expand its orca tank facility, it has been announced on Wednesday night, in a ruling by a local authority in the US state.
It was a day of late drama in the English Football League on Saturday as Championship and League One sides battled it out in the final round of games before the festive period comes to an end for the 2016-17 football season, while Yeovil Town and Bury celebrated their first wins of the campaign.
Derbyshire have released all-rounder Tom Milnes Lewis, wicketkeeper Lewis McKay and batsman Liam McKay after their contracts expired at the end of the season. All three will leave the County Championship Division Two season.Â£20,000 each will be spent on new deals.
The "surge in interest" in buying a home in the UK appears to be "exhausted itself", according to a survey of chartered surveyors, as the number of people coming on to the property market slowed down in the first month of the year.
The leader of the Welsh Conservative group in the Welsh Assembly has defended a colleague who tweeted he was "confident" the M4 relief road would be chosen when a public inquiry is held, after a row over the party's policy on the issue."Tittle-tattle" about him was "not here nor there," the group leader has said.
A British soldier killed in Afghanistan on Saturday has been described as a "stunning young leader" who was "at the very tip of the spear" of his unit's battle effort, his commanding officer has said, as the Ministry of Defence (MoD) confirmed his death.
Twitter is going to make it easier for you to see what you've missed while you've been away from the app, or even if you've not been using it for a while, because it's going to be a lot easier to do so in the future.
It was a night that will go down in the history books as one of the greatest in Anfield's history, a match that will live long in the memory for Liverpool and Borussia Dortmund, two sides who will never be able to match the intensity of the 2005 Champions League Final.
Bookmakers have suspended betting on Radiohead to sing the theme tune for the new James Bond film Spectre after a customer placed a bet of £15,000 on the band to get the gig, the BBC has learned from one of the bookmakers' websites.
Stormont's environment minister Michelle O'Neill has said she will take legal action against the justice minister over his decision to allow fracking in County Tyrone's Londonderry town of Ballymena in the early stages of the planning process in 2012.
Two of Southampton's largest industrial estates have been sold to the Port of Southampton for a fee which could rise to £100m, it has been claimed by the local council and the local community group Totton South and Marchwood Residents' Association (SBPA).
Russian middle-distance runner Tatyana Chernova should be banned for the whole of her two-year doping ban after being found guilty of doping, says former IAAF technical director Domenico Minichiello, who says it would be "frustrating" if she lined up for the 2016 Olympics.
Gloucester Cathedral is to launch a search for new girls to sing in its choir to mark the cathedral's 400th anniversary next year.Â£1m is to be spent on recruiting new choristers.Â© BBC News.com.au.
Great Britain's women lost 3-2 in overtime to North Korea in their opening game of the World Championship in London.Â£10,000 in prize money will be awarded to the hosts after the game finished 3-3.Â© BBC Sport.com
In Haiti, the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew has been slow to come to terms with the scale of the devastation caused by the storm, but it has not yet begun to sink in, as the BBC's Mark Lowen reports from the south-west of the country, where many people are still struggling to recover.
Travel booking website Skyscanner has reported a sharp rise in revenues and visitor numbers, helped by strong growth in its mobile app and online travel bookings in Asia and the North American market, according to the Edinburgh-based firm's latest results.Â£1bn-worth of bookings have been made on its website.
The first all-new car factory in the Midlands in more than a decade has been officially opened by the owner of the UK's last remaining black cab manufacturer, more than two years after it was taken over by a Chinese firm.Â£100m investment is to be announced on Wednesday.
A fourth man has been arrested in connection with a shooting and stabbing in Rugby town centre earlier this month, Warwickshire Police have said in a statement to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) and the Independent Parliamentary Standards Authority (Ipswich).
In our series of letters from African journalists, film-maker and columnist Farai Sevenzo looks at why the United Nations is so important to Africa, and why the world's leaders are gathering in New York this week to discuss ways to end hunger and poverty.
The value of the pound has fallen by more than 1% against the dollar since the referendum on the UK's membership of the European Union on 23 June, when investors bought insurance against a possible fall in the value of sterling in the event of a vote to leave the EU.
A whisky distillery in the Scottish Borders is to expand with the launch of a new blend of Scotch whisky aimed at a new generation of drinkers in his homeland and in the UK as a whole, its new owner has said in a bid to create up to 1,000 jobs.
CBBC is to launch a new version of the Official Chart Show on BBC Radio 1 and CBBC later this year, it has been announced.The chart show will move from Sunday to Friday evenings in May, the corporation has announced.Â£1m is to be invested in the BBC Music website.
More than 10,000 people die every year from a form of tuberculosis caused by contact with infected animals, according to a report in a leading medical journal, Lancet Infectious Diseases, which calls for urgent action to tackle the disease's "hidden epidemic" in the animal kingdom.
Andy Murray has the potential to become the "dominant force" in men's tennis after becoming the first Briton to top the world rankings for more than 40 years, says Tim Henman, who played alongside him at Wimbledon in 2007 and 2008."I don't see him ever taking his foot off the gas."
John Higgins beat Stuart Bingham 10-6 in a thrilling final to win the China Open title for the first time in his career and claim his first ranking title since 2009.Â£200,000 was the prize money for the winner.Â© Getty Images
More than half of nine and 10-year-olds in the United States are sleep-deprived, according to a study of more than 100,000 schoolchildren in the US and other countries in Europe and North America, it has been found in the journal Sleep Education.
President Donald Trump's new US Interior Secretary Ryan Zinkelly took to the saddle on his first official day in the job, riding a horse to the office of the nation's top law enforcement officer on a police horse-riding patrol with mounted officers on horseback.
Charlton Athletic have launched an internal investigation into an allegation of historical child sex abuse by a scout at the club in the 1980s, the club has confirmed to the NSPCC and the BBC Sport helpline for people with information about historical child abuse.
Plans for more than 1,000 new homes in Rhondda Cynon Taff and Lisvane have been submitted to the council for planning permission, it has been confirmed to the planning committee.Â£2.5m plans for the two developments will be considered.
Newcastle United defender Jonny Evans and Manchester United striker Papiss Cisse have been criticised for their "disgusting" behaviour in the build-up to their spat.Â£10,000 fines for spitting and elbowing could be imposed if the incidents are confirmed.
A 17-year-old boy has died after he suffered a head injury at a house party in south-east London, police have said, while on his way home from the event.The actions of police officers who went to the scene are to be investigated by the watchdog.
Cardiff City midfielder Tyler Hoilett says manager Neil Warnock has given him an "extra boost" after making his debut for the Championship club against a Bristol City side he has never played in front of at Cardiff City Stadium, writes BBC Wales football correspondent Chris Beaumont.
ScotRail has rejected claims by the RMT union that it has siphoned off "excessive profits" from Scotland's railways as a result of poor punctuality and poor service standards over the past five years.The union has said it is "open to talks" with the Scottish government over the issue.
Shillington Shillington has announced her retirement from one-day international cricket after Ireland's Women's World Cup campaign came to an end with defeat by South Africa on Sunday.Â£10,000 in prize money was awarded to the Irish women's team.
Referee Mike Dean has been criticised for his "disgraceful" behaviour and "arrogant" behaviour in the build-up to the FA Cup fifth round tie between Tottenham and Aston Villa, but ex-Manchester United captain Gary Neville has described him as a " disgraceful" man.
The Crown Prosecution Service (CPS) has dropped more than a quarter of child sex abuse cases in England and Wales in the past year, figures have shown, figures obtained by the BBC have shown in a Freedom of Information request.The figures are likely to "fuel claims that the criminal justice pendulum has swung too far in favour of victims", the BBC understands.
BBC Sport's football expert Mark Lawrenson will be making a prediction for all 380 Premier League games this season against a variety of guests, including BBC Radio 1 DJ A.Dot and BBC Radio 5 live sports presenter Robbie Lyle, who is predicting the outcome of the FA Cup final.
Four out of Wales' seven health boards have overspent by more than £100m in the last financial year, according to the latest figures from the Public Accounts Office (PBO) and the Welsh Government's Office for Health and Social Care (WAS).
British gymnast James MacKenzie is to return to South Africa to train with the national team and compete at the European Championships in London in March."I feel more South African than British," says the rising star of the sport in his native country after signing a two-year deal with his local club.
A woman has been charged with attempted murder after another woman was stabbed in the neck in what police described as an "unprovoked" attack in North Tyneside, police said on social media site Facebook and the BBC's Crimewatch.com news channel.
(Close): US stocks closed higher on Friday as strong jobs figures showed the US economy is on track to grow at its fastest pace in more than two years, despite concerns about weak consumer spending.Shares in energy firms rose after a rise in oil prices.Â£1.5bn oil prices helped to lift energy stocks.
A British man accused of murdering a US soldier in Iraq was involved in making bombs for use in the conflict there, a court has heard, but did not leave his own fingerprint on the bomb that killed the officer, a jury has been told in the first trial of its kind in Britain.
Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers expects Raheem Sterling to see out his two-year contract with the club, despite reports the striker wants to leave this summer, reports BBC Radio 5 live's Mark Lowen in London on Saturday."There is no problem" with the England forward, says the Reds boss.
Parts of the UK could be hit with some of the hottest weather of the year so far this week, weather forecasters are predicting for the next couple of days in and around London and the south-west of the country, with temperatures expected to reach the mid-teens.
A minimum price for alcohol in England is the most cost-effective way to reduce the harm caused by alcohol, a review by Public Health England has concluded in its annual report on public health in England, despite the government rejecting a minimum pricing for the drink three years ago.
Jon Stewart, the host of the long-running US satirical news show The Daily Show, has hosted his final edition of the show, ending his 17-year run on the airwaves with an emotional monologue and an emotional send-off in which he thanked fans and colleagues.
The majority of farmers and crofters in Scotland have received their subsidies, the Scottish government's agriculture minister has said, after the deadline for payments was met by 90.4% of the time.Â£343m has now been paid to farmers, he has said.
More than a dozen teachers in Wales have been banned from the profession after being caught using social media to abuse children, it has been revealed in a report to the Welsh government and the National Union of Teachers (NUT) and the BBC Wales news website for gross misconduct and other issues.
Thousands of owners of Nintendo's new Switch games console have reported seeing dead pixels in the middle of the screen on their new device, the company has said, after the device went on sale in the UK and the US on Friday.Nintendo has defended its decision to allow owners to return it.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz for the WBA world featherweight title in New York on Saturday, 29 March.The Belfast boxer has confirmed he will move up a weight to fight for the title at the same time as his IBF world title.
A ban on the use of a bus lane in Liverpool city centre has been extended for a second time until the end of the year, the council has said.Drivers' groups have said it is "discriminatory" and "speculative" to claim it is helping to reduce congestion.
Sean Ervine hit a career-best 168 as Hampshire's batsmen dominated the first day's play against Somerset at Taunton to move the Division Two leaders closer to the top two in the County Championship table with two games to play in hand at the end of the day.
Photographer and filmmaker Celine Stella has travelled to Saudi Arabia to photograph the country's neon lights - and she says she hopes the images will give an insight into what life is like in a country with a strong sense of identity and a love of light.Â©
Malicious web browser add-ons that steal users' personal data are available for all major web browsers, according to research by the University of California, Santa Barbara (UC Santa Barbara) and Google's Chrome browser extension project, which has found that 5% of people visit Google every day.
Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has said he has "no doubt" there will be a referendum on becoming a republic in the future, but that the timing must be "right" and the timing be "timetable" for such a vote "as soon as possible".
Jonjo Shelvey marked his Newcastle debut with two first-half goals as Steve McClaren's side beat West Ham at St James' Park to move out of the Premier League relegation zone and into the play-off places.Â£12m midfielder Shelvey says he has enjoyed every minute of his loan spell at the club.
Olympic boxing offers the perfect path to stardom, the perfect platform from which to reach the top of the game, a chance to make your mark in front of an audience of millions, a platform for a new generation of boxers to follow in your footsteps.
It is early days in the general election campaign, but already it is clear that the Conservatives are on the front line of the battle for the balance of power, and the Labour leadership, and Jeremy Corbyn is on the other side of the political spectrum, where the battle is likely to be fought.
A film about the life of a Tibetan monk who was murdered in China has had its world premiere in his adopted home town of Dumfries and Galloway on the eve of his 90th birthday.Â£50,000 worth of donations have been made to help fund its production.
The chancellor has announced an extra £2.6bn for social care services in England in his Budget, in an effort to plug a £2bn funding gap in services for the elderly and young adults with disabilities, which is set to grow to £3.5bn over the next three years.
A teenager accused of killing a mother-of-three in a hit-and-run crash described the collision on an online forum, a court has heard, claiming she "stopped dead" in his path and "did not deserve" it, a jury has heard.
A fire which killed two men in a flat fire may have started in a tumble dryer, an inquest into the deaths of the victims has been told by a fire expert who could not rule out a fault in the machine's starter switch, a hearing has heard.
The US Navy has banned its personnel on the Japanese island of Okinawa from drinking alcohol after a sailor was arrested on suspicion of drink-driving, the US military says, in a move that has sparked anger in Japan.The US military has ordered all of its personnel to stay off the island.
So John Bercow is back in the House of Commons, and he's not quite back yet, but he's still in the Commons - at least for the next few hours, at least until the Conservatives have the majority they need to change the rules on the re-election of the Speaker.
Psy's Gangnam Style by the Korean rapper has been viewed more than nine quintillion times on YouTube, the video-sharing site has revealed.Â£1bn (Â£700m) worth of views have now been counted by the site's video-streaming service.
Widnes Vikings moved to within a point of Super League leaders Hull FC with a hard-fought win over Castleford Tigers at the Halliwell Jones Stadium, despite a second-half fightback by the Super League play-off hopefuls.
A baby girl has been born in Ukraine using DNA from two women and one man, in what is thought to be the first case of its kind in the world, according to a report in the New Scientist newspaper on Thursday.The UK is being urged to be "extremely cautious" about using a controversial new IVF technique.
A hospital trust in Cumbria has been put into special measures after inspectors found a number of "unresolved issues" in its care.The trust is "unlikely to resolve its challenges" without external help, the chief inspector of hospitals has said.
Gaz O'Brien kicked a last-minute drop-goal as Salford Red Devils came from behind to beat Hull KR and secure their place in the Million Pound Game for the first time in the club's history with victory in a thrilling play-off final.
At the age of 15, Chilla Khatun, a student at a Turkish-run school in the Indonesian city of Medan, she was worried about getting a good grade in her exams, but never worried about missing out on a place at the top university.
A man has been arrested in connection with the death of a man who was found seriously injured in a street in Waterford city on Christmas Day, the Irish Police Service of the Republic of Ireland (Irish police) has said in a press conference on Friday morning.
Blackburn Rovers were relegated from the Championship after losing to 10-man Nottingham Forest and Brentford as Birmingham City and Birmingham City won their final two games of the season to secure the final two automatic promotion places in the top two tiers of English football.Â£1.5m will be spent on new players.
More than half of children who eat school lunches have tried food they had not tried at home, according to a survey by the School Food Trust and the Mumsnet parenting website, which aims to encourage children to eat more healthily and fewer processed foods.
A pilot has died after his light aircraft crashed in a field in Stoke-on-Trent, the fire service has said, leaving the aircraft with "major structural damage" to the fuselage and "significant" damage to the wind turbine blades of the aircraft.
The captain of a ship that was forced to make an emergency landing in Belfast after he was found to be drunk has been fined for having excess alcohol on board the vessel, a court has heard in a case that could have cost him up to Â£5,000.
The International Monetary Fund (IMF) is looking for a new head to replace Dominique Strauss-Kahn, but who is the right man to lead the world's most important global finance institution, and who would be the most likely candidate for the job of managing director?
The BBC News website looks back at some of the key events in the year since the UK reopened its embassy in Iran, including the storming of the UK embassy in Tehran, the reopening of the post in London and the suspension of UK diplomatic relations with Tehran.
Stevenage missed the chance to go top of League Two as they were held to a goalless draw by Cambridge at the Kassam Stadium in the battle of the top two in the race for the play-off places in the League Two play-offs.
Star Wars actor Warwick Davis has had his touring caravan stolen, even though it was locked up with a hitch and wheel lock, the actor has said on his Twitter account, calling the thieves "rotters" and "a bunch of scumbags" in the wake of the theft.
Former US President Barack Obama is to speak at a fundraising dinner at the Edinburgh International Conference Centre (EICC) later this month, it has been announced in a fundraising event in the city's Westin Hotel and Conference Centre venue, where he will be joined by actor George Clooney.
Belgium's ban on the wearing of face veils in public was "justifiable in principle", the European Court of Human Rights has said in a landmark ruling in a case brought against the country's bylaw banning the full-face veil in public.
A man is to stand trial accused of making a "threatening and offensive remark" during Celtic's Scottish Cup semi-final win over Rangers at Hampden Park in Glasgow last year.Â£10,000 bail has been granted to a Celtic fan accused of displaying a banner at the match.
A supermarket customer in Altrincham, Greater Manchester, was reported to police for hitting a woman over the head with a packet of bacon, the BBC has learned from CCTV footage obtained by the BBC News website, which shows it was actually a bacon sandwich, not a fight.
In a remote corner of the Bolivian capital, La Paz, a woman in her 50s named Mariana Cappa found a box in the back of her car, which she took to the local cinema to watch a film she had never seen before.
The statement from the US Federal Reserve on Wednesday that it may raise interest rates this year was a surprise to many, but one reason is that it didn't use the word "patient" as much as it did in its previous statement in December. Instead, it said "patiently".
The Isle of Wight's Conservative MP has survived a vote of no confidence in his bid to stand for re-election as an MP in the general election on 8 June, it has been announced after a meeting of the island's party's ruling body on Friday night.
If you're a fan of WWE wrestling, then you'll know all about the moves they use to get people to do what they need to do to become a star in the big screen, but what do you need to know if you want to be a star too?
Fans of Flappy Bird have expressed relief that its creator has pulled the game from the market after it became the most downloaded game of the year so far, despite the fact that it is no longer available to download.Â£30,000 (Â£20,000) worth of smartphones still contain the game's software.
Dozens of plastic bags are being handed out in Brighton to raise awareness of the migrant boat deaths in the Mediterranean Sea off the coast of Libya.Â£10,000 has been donated to an anti-fear campaign in a bid to highlight the plight of migrants.
Prince Harry has launched a scholarship programme to train the Queen's staff to carry out official duties at Buckingham Palace and other royal events around the world, as part of her official duties.Â£10,000 is to be offered to candidates to help train them in hospitality skills.
Britain's Andy Murray eased past Canada's Milos Raonic to reach the semi-finals of the French Open for the first time since the Australian Open in January and extend his lead at the top of the world rankings to five points.Jo-Wilfried Tsonga and Gael Monfils also reached the last four in Paris.
South African athlete Oscar Pistorius was on his stumps when he broke down a toilet door with a cricket bat to fire the gun that killed his girlfriend, a forensics expert has told the athlete's murder trial in the capital, Pretoria, as his defence team challenged his version of events.
As part of World War Two centenary celebrations, the BBC News website has been looking at the impact food and drink played a part in the lives of some of the people who survived the conflict in Europe during World War II and later on in the UK. Watch the full report on the BBC World News programme.
