Prison Link Cymru had 1,099 referrals in 2015-16 and said some ex-offenders were living rough for up to a year before finding suitable accommodation. Workers at the charity claim investment in housing would be cheaper than jailing homeless repeat offenders. Welsh Government said more people than ever were getting help to address housing problems.
Officers searched properties in the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas of the city. Detectives said three firearms, ammunition and a five-figure sum of money were recovered. A 26-year-old man who was arrested and charged appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday.
Jordan Hill, Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper, all 18, and Tanishia Cunnington, 24, appeared in a Chicago court on Friday. The four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery, among other things. Judge Maria Kuriakos Ciesil asked: "Where was your sense of decency?"
The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper played for the Royals for four years. He was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003. West Brom say he played a key role in the Championship club twice winning promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012.
Diet reversed symptoms of type 1 and type 2 diabetes in animal experiments. Scientists say it could become a new treatment for the disease. But experts warn people not to try it at home without medical guidance. BBC reporter Peter Bowes took part in a separate trial with Dr Valter Longo.
France's Essilor is the world's number one manufacturer of lenses and contact lenses. Italy's Luxottica is the leading frame manufacturer. The two firms have a combined turnover of more than 15bn euros (Â£12.8bn) If the deal goes through later this year the new company will become a behemoth of the industry.
Wendy Houvenaghel accuses British Cycling of "ageism" and having "zero regard" for her welfare. She is the latest high-profile cyclist to come forward after Jess Varnish, Nicole Cooke and Emma Pooley criticised the World Class programme. British Cycling said it has accepted the draft report's findings and already put into a place a 39-point action plan.
Kareem Badr started a comedy club in 2009 and now makes $80,000 a year. He now employs around 25 part time and contract workers at the club in Austin, Texas. Industry report expects total US annual comedy club revenue to grow by 1.8% over the next five years to $344.6m in 2020.
Ofcom chief Sharon White says there are 'practical obstacles' to a break-up. Pension scheme is most likely to have influenced Ofcom's thinking. It has assets of about Â£40bn and a deficit, on some measures, of aboutÂ£10bn. Senior sources say about 80% of the scheme relates to Openreach.
Celtic face Rangers in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Brendan Rodgers' side won 5-1 at Celtic Park in the league last month. Rodgers lost two semi-finals in his time at Liverpool and is aiming to make it third time lucky at the club.
The move is in response to an £8m cut in the subsidy received from the Department of Employment and Learning. There are currently around 17,000 full-time undergraduate and postgraduate students at the university. The university aims to reduce the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years.
East Sussex NHS Trust has put the mix-up down to an external printing company. The wrong patient information leaflets were added to appointment letters. The trust has now contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain what went wrong. It said each letter is coded to indicate any supplementary information that needs to accompany it.
10 shadow ministers were among 47 Labour MPs who rejected party orders to back it last week. John McDonnell said frontbenchers would have to quit if they defied the whip at the next vote. The draft legislation comes back to the Commons on Monday for three days of debate culminating in a vote on its third reading.
O'Kane moved for an undisclosed fee, but Nicholson says any money will go to help the cash-strapped club. The Gulls are still looking for new owners having been taken over by a consortium of local business people last summer. They were forced to close down the club's academy and drastically reduce the playing budget.
Iwan Wyn Lewis had been sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly assaulting his mother. The 36-year-old was visited by an officer in April 2016 about his bail arrangements, which a doctor said could have added to his distress. His body was found in the Menai Strait on 2 May.
Former Blackpool forward Taylor-Fletcher scored three goals in 23 games for his parent club last season. The 33-year-old has featured only twice for the Foxes this term. He joined the 13th-placed Owls prior to Saturday's Championship game against Norwich City.
Many US scientists are rushing to copy information onto servers outside the control of the federal government. They are afraid the Trump administration will curb access to climate and other research. The President-elect has blown hot and cold on the issue of climate change, having previously tweeted about global warming being a hoax.
Bradbury joined The Specials in 1979, and continued with the reversioned band The Special AKA. The band's representatives said the drummer died in England but no cause of death was given. Billy Bragg: "A bad day for good music. First we lose Lemmy, now news that Brad from the Specials has passed away"
The 14-time major champion carded a level-par second round of 72. World number one Jason Day and US Open champion Dustin Johnson also missed the cut. Woods is playing in just his second tournament since 15 months out with a back injury. He won his last major, the US Open, at the same course in 2008.
Cole suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an airborne virus. He has just returned to his role as a United ambassador following surgery. The 45-year-old is not even allowed to fly to Barcelona for a Manchester United legends game on 30 June. Cole is looking forward to playing if a similar match is staged in 2018.
Pakistan's telecoms regulator said the ban was no longer necessary because Google had now launched a Pakistan-specific version. Pakistan's ban on YouTube was imposed by the Supreme Court in 2012 after the US-made film Innocence of Muslims was uploaded. YouTube spokeswoman said government requests for the removal of content would not automatically be granted.
The 26-year-old was injured in last week's win over Exeter. Director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he will make a full recovery. Scrum-half Sam Harrison has signed a new deal, but the length of the contract has not been revealed.
Doull helped Great Britain win team pursuit gold in world record time. The 23-year-old joined record-breaking Sir Bradley Wiggins, Steven Burke and Ed Clancy to beat the world champions. Wales had not won an Olympic title in 36 years until Nicole Cooke's road race gold in 2008.
Officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state. The government has announced aid packages for affected areas. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is due to visit Assam on Tuesday. He has said the aim of his visit is to find a "permanent solution" to the flooding.
Bridget and Jonathan Reid tied the knot at Nevis Range, near Fort William. The couple's first date was a skiing trip, so decided to get married on skis. They got married in full Highland dress, which includes a kilt, and white wedding dress.
The fine follows the conviction of former RBS employee Shirlina Tsang for fraud last year. The Securities and Futures Commission said there were "significant weaknesses in its procedures, management systems and internal controls" The fine is relatively small compared to others the bank has received in the last few years.
Best actor winner Casey Affleck said he'd grabbed a word with Meryl Streep after the Baftas ceremony. Supporting actress winner Viola Davis didn't hold back when asked about Donald Trump's response to her Golden Globes speech. Spider-Man actor Tom Holland said his legs were in bits from spider poses after spider poses.
The world number one has won 21 of his first 30 matches in 2017. He has had shingles and an elbow problem, and now his left hip is proving cause for concern. Murray is virtually 5,000 points behind Rafael Nadal in the season-long race. He is very likely to be replaced at the top of the rankings by the autumn.
Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men who had robbed women of their mobile phones. The suspects were found in possession of drugs and an unlicensed gun. South Africa has one of the highest murder rates in the world with more than 50,000 cases reported every year.
Witnesses told officers they heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School at about 09:00 GMT. Ch Supt Mark Harrison said it "beggars belief" it would happen at a school. Officers are making house-to-house inquiries and studying CCTV footage of the area.
Ennis-Hill is competing in her first heptathlon since winning gold at London 2012. The Olympic champion, 29, was third overall at the end of the first day. Canada's Commonwealth champion and world silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads ahead of the final event.
Manor's operating company Just Racing Services has been in administration since 6 January. The team's collapse leaves 10 teams - 20 cars - on the grid in Melbourne. It comes just five days after the sport was taken over by US company Liberty Media. Anneliese Dodds MEP has called for a European Commission investigation into the FIA and F1 following Manor's collapse.
Out of the 228 candidates, 70 are women. DUP is fielding the most candidates with 38, followed by Sinn FÃ©in on 34. West Tyrone, East Londonderry and East Antrim have the largest number of candidates standing, with 15 going on the ballot paper in each.
We asked readers to send in questions about the recent fall of the pound and rise of the FTSE 100. Drew asked: "I'm planning on going to New York in December, should I get my cash now or wait? Will there be much change between now and then?" Anthony Reuben, from BBC Reality Check, said: "The BBC does not give financial advice"
More than 300 people entered Alternative Model of the Year. The winner was decided by judges in Newcastle on Saturday. Zoe Waters, 19, from Bishop Auckland, is a student at Newcastle University. She said: "I've always dressed a bit crazy. I don't know why I wanted to be different"
The Yomper statue was created by Philip Jackson, depicting a royal marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict. The National Museum of the Royal Navy is planning to relocate the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard. Campaigners insist it is a local memorial to the conflict and "belongs" at Eastney.
Suspect appeared at the Old Bailey accused of failing to contact a monitoring company and report to a police station twice in January. It is believed to be the first alleged breach of the Terrorism Prevention and Investigation Measures (TPim) The Home Office has refused to comment on the case. TPims replaced control orders in January 2012.
Seamer Anyon took 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex. He will also coach the women's under-19 and under-21 sides. The 33-year-old takes over the role from Charlotte Burton, whom he assisted last season alongside his coaching commitments at Brighton College.
The 23-year-old younger brother of Sunderland's Wes Brown had been on trial with the Shakers. Brown has also had spells at Bradford, Doncaster, Oldham, Coventry, Ipswich, Watford and Carlisle. He is available for Bury's League One opener as they travel to Doncaster on Saturday.
Cinderella is a live-action version of Disney's classic 1950 animation. It has taken $70m (Â£43.1m) on its opening weekend in the United States. The adaptation is completely faithful to the traditional story - including wicked stepmother, fairy godmother, glass slipper and handsome prince.
For the first time in Eurovision history, the host nation barred another country's singer. In 2015, Russia's Julia Samoilova performed in Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia a year earlier. The ban created a huge headache for Eurovision organisers, the European Broadcasting Union.
Alex McKechnie, then 16, was in the crowd for that first show and went on to be a regular at the club. The Cavern is celebrating the anniversary with a series of tribute events. A documentary about the first gig will be broadcast on ITV on Wednesday at 2240 GMT.
The government says it will consult on the issue, but hopes to introduce a minimum wage within two years. Critics say it could put more people out of work as employers might not be able to afford the higher wages. Wages are politically sensitive in the country, where the official unemployment rate is close to 25%.
Concern is mounting about the potential of a vicious power struggle in Addis Ababa, triggering a negative chain reaction across the region. His message of social justice and modernisation resonated with many in the homeland, especially the marginalised "lowlanders" in Oromia and Ogadenia. His concept of revolutionary democracy and ethnic federalism promised to create a fairer and inclusive order.
Australia lead the three-Test series 1-0. Jackson Bird takes two for 53 in 50.5 overs at the MCG. Azhar passes 1,000 Test runs in 2016 with 110-ball half-century. Sami Aslam and Babar Azam both fall before lunch.
SNP's John Lewis Ritchie topped the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes. Labour's Marion Donaldson received 1,623 votes, ahead of the Scottish Greens on 1,381. It was the first time the Single Transferable Vote (STV) system had been used to select two members in the same ward.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov said the Russian air force would continue its support of the Syrian armed forces. He urged Washington to deliver on a pledge to separate moderate Syrian opposition fighters from "terrorists" US Secretary of State John Kerry warned the US was "on the verge" of suspending talks with Russia over Syria.
Hooker Hughes, 20, featured for Llandovery during the 2015-16 season. 19-year-old flanker Evans has played for Scarlets' Under-18 side. Both players have been included in Wales' squad for June's Junior World Championship.
Russia is fuming, in the words of BBC Moscow correspondent Steve Rosenberg. US politicians have not minced their words either. Here is a taster of what's being said and shared in Russia and the U.S. Dmitry Medvedev, Russian prime minister: "Sad that the Obama administration, which started its life with a reset, ends it in anti-Russian death throes"
Jeremy Corbyn is proposing a complete handbrake turn in university policy. He says that university tuition should not cost students anything. It's a direct appeal to younger voters - with surveys suggesting that students are more likely to vote Labour. But is there any evidence that getting rid of fees would help more young people into university, including the disadvantaged?
Eleven people were killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the A27 on 22 August. West Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was "extremely challenging" for crews. Sussex Police have also finished their work at the scene, but their investigations are continuing.
Dan Coats says he is not willing to share details of conversations with the president. National Security Agency chief Mike Rogers says he has never been directed to do anything "illegal, immoral, unethical or inappropriate" The testimony was billed as the undercard to James Comey's testimony on Thursday.
The guest list of 500 was said to include lobbyists, CEOs and celebrities. The Obamas' paid for the party on "their own dime", but would not say how much. The New York Post reported that film director Tyler Perry, actresses Angela Bassett and Naeem Khan were among the celebrity guests.
Causanagh Road, Loughgall. Tannyoky Road, Poyntzpass, Hillsborough. Drumanure Road, Derrygonnelly. New Line Road, Rathfriland. Carrowreagh Road,. Dundonald. Edenticullo Road.
Emma Gleeson, 34, has been experiencing anxiety, depression and panic attacks for many years. Dr Rangan shows her the hidden power of food in helping her mental state. The evidence of food's link to mental states has been growing. But most doctors still do not discuss food with their mental health patients.
Go Set a Watchman was written before To Kill A Mockingbird. It features many of the same characters, with an adult Scout Finch returning to her native Alabama from New York to visit her father. It will be the 88-year-old American author's first release since the 1960s.
Washington blamed Russia and the Syrian government for intensifying their attacks against civilians. The main trauma hospital in the rebel-held eastern part of the city was hit in an air strike for the third time in a week. Russia said it regretted the US move, accusing it of shifting the blame for the collapse of last month's truce.
The news has prompted headlines around the world, and Politicians and city leaders have taken to Twitter to congratulate him. The New York Times describes Mr Khan's victory as "striking" and leads with the fact that he is London's first Muslim mayor. Pakistan's Dawn newspaper says that Khan should see himself as a role model for millions of Muslims in Europe.
The song was written by the children of St Paul's Church in London. It was posted on Facebook in February and has been viewed more than 30,000 times. The song includes the words: "You must be kind, you must be fair. You must enjoy Harry Potter"
Kevin de Bruyne could miss up to 13 league and cup games. The 24-year-old fell awkwardly in injury time against Everton. De Bruyne scored one goal and set up another to help City to a 4-3 aggregate victory. Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles apologises for his reaction to injury.
The attacker, a 27-year-old Swiss man, also died on Sunday, they said. Five other people were hurt when the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers in the attack on Saturday. Two of them are in a serious condition. Police have said that, as yet, there is no indication of a political or terrorist motive.
The Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900ft (275m) The drone was about 2 miles (3km) from Cornwall Airport Newquay. Police conducted a search of the area but have not found the drone or operator. There were more reported near misses between drones and aircraft over the UK in the first six months of 2016 than the whole of the previous year.
The grey seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday. The Scottish SPCA removed the seal from beach and took it to a rescue centre. The charity's rescue centre cut the net away and the seal was released. Ch Insp John Carle said: "The amount of netting tangled around the seal's neck was the largest I have ever seen"
Collection includes letters from Prince Charles and Truman Capote. One of the most prized items in the archive is the only surviving notebook from his 1933 trek across Europe. Sir Patrick spent much of World War Two on Nazi-occupied Crete. During his time there he disguised himself as a shepherd to organise guerrilla operations.
The union is the third largest in the UK with more than 600,000 members. Mr Roache won 56.7% of the vote, while the only other candidate had 43.3%. He said he was "proud and humbled" to have been elected as general secretary.
Singer and songwriter Laura Mac is back on BBC Radio 1's Later... with Jools Holland. Her new album The Dreaming Room is due out in June. She's opening and closing both live and pre-recorded shows this week. She tells us: "I'd rather die. That's how I feel sometimes"
Newcastle United midfielder was diagnosed with cancer last year. The 31-year-old had an operation to remove his left testicle. He made his return to action against Manchester United in March. He says he wants to stay in the Premier League for the rest of the season.
Exeter City made a profit of £1.642m in 2014-15. The club sold midfielder Matt Grimes to Swansea City for £2.75m. The profits came in the same year that the club were forced to get an emergency loan to pay players' wages. Exeter are hoping to redevelop St James Park.
Abdullah Hayayei, 36, was pronounced dead at the scene on Tuesday. He was training at Newham Leisure Centre for the World Para-athletics Championships. The father of five was preparing to compete in the F34 class at the Championships. He made his Paralympic debut at Rio 2016.
Manufacturers reported their highest growth in new orders for nearly three years. In tourism, firms reported improving visitor numbers in the final quarter of the year. The weakest of the five sectors covered was finance and business services. But on balance, firms say sales revenue is expected to increase.
Investigations revealed officers had also had relationships with women while undercover, and had used the names of dead children. Helen Steel, who had a relationship with an undercover officer, said police committed "human rights abuses" Home Office lawyers say they have uncovered more than 80 possible miscarriages of justice relating to undercover policing.
The All Blacks were five points behind at half-time with a man in the sin-bin. Jerome Kaino's early try was cancelled out by four penalties from Handre Pollard. A Dan Carter drop-goal and a Beauden Barrett try put the champions ahead. New Zealand will be favourites to retain the Webb Ellis trophy.
Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills, in Somerset, was built in 1817 but since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling stone debris. National Trust is using ground-penetrating radar on the 174ft (53m) tower to see under its stone cladding. Ken Evans, from the trust, said the work was "crucial"
Sales jumped from €9.4bn to €10.5bn, an increase of 11%. The group's clothes can now be bought online in around 40 countries. It also launched mobile phone payment in all its Spanish stores. The firm's strong performance sets it apart from European rivals H&M and Next.
Gaga has been putting in the hours to ensure her set is suitably spectacular. Super Bowl performers get a very strict 12-minute time limit, so most performers cram their set with as much music as possible. Here are some of the other most memorable - and surprising - moments from the last 30 years.
Laura, who was abused as a child, is one of the victims of the Rochdale gang. She says she is still getting calls from people asking if she wants to go for a drink. Greater Manchester Police says it is working to tackle the problem of child abuse. It comes as a BBC One documentary about the case is shown.
Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock. The Victoria Centre store is now closed "until further notice" Staff are working around the clock to get the shop open as quickly as possible. A spokeswoman said: "We're sorry for the inconvenience this has caused to our customers"
More than 400,000 comments with remarkably similar wording have been detected in recent days. Names and email addresses associated with thousands of them also turned up in lists of personal data stolen from websites. One expert described bot activity as a new form of protest against the FCC's net neutrality proposals.
Sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season. The Premiership side moved from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in Barton in 2012. Former England and British and Irish Lions prop Cotton returned to Sale after Simon Orange's takeover of the Premiership side in June.
The film about a princess's mythical journey in ancient Polynesia took an estimated $81.1m (£65.3m) It is the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time, behind Disney's Frozen. JK Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them fell to second on the US chart, taking $65.8m (£53m)
The third seed beat the American wildcard 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour. Konta, the world number 18, hit 11 aces on her way to a comfortable victory. The 25-year-old will play China's Saisai Zheng in the last eight on Friday.
It happened on the Linn Road in the town at about 14:05 BST on Sunday. The two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries. Police have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to contact them. The incident is being treated as an 'unexplained incident'
Emile, who died of Ebola in December 2013, used to play in a hollow tree in Meliandou. Villagers said that the tree burned on March 24, 2014 and that once the tree caught fire, there issued a "rain of bats" A large number of these insectivorous free-tailed bats - Mops condylurus in Latin - were collected by the villagers for food.
Bingham won the World Championship in 2015. The 39-year-old reached the semi-finals of the 2016 event before being knocked out by eventual winner Ronnie O'Sullivan. Bingham said his wife has been supportive in wanting him to play at the tournament, which gets under way on Sunday.
Cabinet voted to remove the section from the pavilion to the seaward end. Up to Â£650,000 has been set aside for the work but councillors were told there was no way of knowing how much it would cost.Parts of the Grade ll pier, which was already closed to the public when it gave way on 1 February, will be saved and catalogued.
Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE) will put its case to a High Court judge on 23 October. The five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units. The flats overlook a Site of Special Scientific Interest and a Scheduled Ancient Monument. The council has said the challenge was late as the housing had already been built.
Dave Baker, of the Olympus Trust which operates near Bristol, said government cuts had left it at "crisis point" The Olympus Trust runs one secondary, one all-through school and five primary academies in South Gloucestershire. Mr Baker warned parents of the "unthinkable" decisions the trust could be forced to make from September.
Designating forest reserves in Liberia and DR Congo could displace 1.3 million people. Liberia has proposed 30% of their forests become protected areas by 2020. DR Congo aims to set aside 12-15% of its forested lands. The costs of compensating people for the loss of their lands range from $200m to more than Â£1bn.
Skull was found alongside the M54 slip road near Telford on Thursday. Police confirmed the skull was that of an adult male and had been there for at least two years. West Mercia Police said "further skeletal remains" were found close to the skull. Archaeological experts may be called in to help with the investigation.
Dusmatov, 23, was awarded a unanimous points victory. Martinez, 24, is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia. United States' Nico Hernandez, 20, and Cuban world champion Joahnys Argilagos took bronze after losing in the semi-finals.
Unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer. UCU says its members have suffered a real-terms pay cut of 14.% since 2009. Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was "disappointing given the very good pay offer"
East Dunbartonshire Council wants to build a new school in the area. The new school would replace St Joseph's Primary in Bearsden. The council says it wants to ensure the new school is cost-effective. But parents are unhappy with the way the plan has been put forward.
Kazuyoshi first played for Brazilian side Santos in 1986. His deal will see his career span over 30 years. Miura holds the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football. He was particularly prolific in guiding Japan to the 1998 World Cup. He last played for the national side in 2000.
Security forces are reported to have used tear gas against stone-throwing protesters. They also surrounded the hometown of Burhan Wani, 22, who was killed by Indian troops last year. Separately seven people are said to have been killed in shelling across the Line of Control.
Central banks are prepared to act to maintain financial stability. The Bank of England has already been doing this ahead of the referendum. Other central banks will be ready to take similar action if they think it's needed. The most urgent, if needed, would probably be bank and QE.
Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham. The 33-year-old joined Sale in 2011 after six years at Northampton. He will now take up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the final game of the season at Newcastle.
Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Denbighshire, was closed more than three years ago. A report found some patients were treated like animals. At least seven patients' families were told treatment may have contributed to their deaths. Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation was under way.
Declan Paul Butcher from Roe Park Court committed the'single punch' assaults on Market Street in Limavady on 2 October 2014. CCTV footage showed his first victim being knocked unconscious. A second man suffered a double jaw fracture. He was sentenced to 14 months in prison.
Solo, 33, will now miss matches on 8 February against France and 13 February against England. In 2012, Solo, tested positive for a banned substance a month before winning a second Olympic gold medal. Solo's husband, former Seattle Seahawks NFL player Jerramy Stevens, was arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence in Los Angeles on Monday.
Omar Khan, 31, had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years before he was arrested. The case involved the recovery of 1kg (2.2lb) of cocaine. Erlin Manahasa, Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali joined Khan in admitting the same charge.
Specially trained officers will begin carrying the stun weapons over the next few weeks. It brings the Scottish force into line with their counterpart in England, where Tasers have been used since 2011. British Transport Police said the move was a "proportionate response" in the face of a mounting terrorism threat.
UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in traditional steel areas. The loan and equity backing from UKSE will help fund ID System's growth strategy. A new senior management team will be created which, along with UKSE, will have a shareholding in the company.
Helio Hermito Zampier Neto, a 31-year-old defender for Chapecoense, is in a stable condition. Five other people survived the crash, which killed 71 people. Pilot had been warned by an official at Santa Cruz airport, in Bolivia, that he might not have enough fuel.
Highways England says it is working to find "the best solution possible" The 1.8-mile (2.9km) dual carriageway tunnel has the backing of English Heritage. The Stonehenge Alliance wants other options to reduce traffic to be fully explored. "That's a high-class Disneyland experience," says Time Team presenter.
Everton beat Wolfsburg 3-0 in their Europa League Group H opener. A Ricardo Rodriguez own goal and a Seamus Coleman header gave the Toffees the lead. Kevin Mirallas added a fourth with a late free-kick. Roberto Martinez named the same side that beat West Brom 2-0 on Saturday.
The 35-year-old joined the Iron from Blackpool in 2013. He has made 119 league appearances for the League One side. Bishop helped them to a third-placed finish this season. They were beaten by Millwall in the play-off semi-finals.
Pawel Sroka, 33, of Meadvale Road, Croydon, was charged on Saturday. His 29-year-old partner, Joanna Trojniak, of the same address, was found dead. A special post-mortem examination on 24 March gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest.
Some 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year. But 10,700 will die of the disease, making it the fourth most common cause of cancer death. Scientists have discovered 80 new genetic markers for breast, ovarian and prostate cancer. This could help with the development of a viable screening test for the disease.
Bryce Heem sent off for a tackle on Willie le Roux. Alapati Leiua, Josh Bassett and Brendan Macken score for Wasps. Biyi Alo and Jackson Willison score tries for second-bottom Worcester. Warriors are nine points clear of Bristol and only four adrift of Sale.
French President Francois Hollande expressed "deep sadness" at the death of Huguette Dupeu. Two of the attackers were killed by security forces. The attack, claimed by Islamic State (IS), was the deadliest in Tunisia since the uprising which led to the overthrow of Zine al-Abidine Ben Ali in 2011.
Almost all the buildings at the airport, on the southern outskirts of Mosul, have been razed. Taxiways and aprons - where aircraft park - have also been sabotaged. About 50,000 Iraqi security forces, Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen are currently involved in a military offensive.
Network Rail said it had "hundreds of buses" ready in case it overruns. The disruption was needed to allow for the last major stage of work. On 27 December, King's Cross station was shut and Paddington was closed for part of the day after engineering work took longer than expected.
Plans were approved for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill in a field at St Nicholas. The permit does not allow the company to carry out fracking to extract any oil or gas. Natural Resources Wales said it had carried out a "thorough assessment" of the company's plans.
Transactions carried out in European markets were previously recorded in Luxembourg, with which Amazon had a low-tax agreement. Now sales made through subsidiaries in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy will be registered in those countries. Amazon added that it was "working on opening a branch for France"
British Medical Association announces three spells of strike action in November. BMA and NHS dispute weekend pay and the prospect of a new contract. Government says current arrangements are "outdated" and "unfair" Talks broke down last year, but the government has indicated it will impose the new contract next year in England.
Kenny joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter. The 19-year-old will now be eligible to play against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday. He has so far made 13 appearances for the U's. Oxford head coach Michael Appleton says Kenny has a "big future"
The money for Kingston Maurward College, near Dorchester, will go towards a £3.24m project that includes a new animal sciences building. Weymouth College has also been awarded £0.5m towards its project to refurbish two buildings. The grants form part of a £214m investment in 47 colleges in England.
Greg Dyke has invited the Astle family to Wembley on 10 August. The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died in 2002. A neurosurgeon said last month that he died from a brain condition linked to boxers rather than Alzheimer's disease as previously thought. His family have campaigned for the FA to carry out research into the risks of heading footballs.
Since the 2008 global financial crisis the wealth gap between the world's top 1% and the rest of us has grown. The OECD says the gap between rich and poor has reached its widest level for 30 years in most developed countries. The BBC investigates the winners and losers of this richer world in 2015.
The 18-year-old twins have come through the club's academy to impress in nine Premiership appearances between them this season. Both play in the back row and have also featured for the England Under-20 side. They became only the fourth set of twins to play side-by-side in the Premiership when they appeared in Sale's 34-24 defeat by Wasps on 27 November.
The incident happened near Corbett Place and Calais View at about 08:30. Officers are now urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch. He is described as being in his late teens or early 20s with dark, curly, short hair and is about 5ft 9in.
Egypt had proposed a regional forum which might have forced Israel to reveal whether or not it has nuclear weapons. The proposal was blocked by the US, the UK and Canada. US Under-Secretary of State Rose Gottemoeller accused Egypt and other Arab countries of "not willing to let go of these unrealistic and unworkable conditions"
Welsh government wants to speed up development of renewable energy. It wants to stop the process being delayed by up to two years. The government is also looking at ways to reduce the cost of energy. The Welsh government says it wants to see a reduction in the number of years it takes to complete a project.
Fury has been drinking like a fish and hoovering up cocaine to mask the pain. He claims he hasn't been near a gym for months. The repeated claims from Fury's camp that his victory was downplayed by the British media, and that they had an agenda against him from the outset, are delusional.
Dai Young expects a number of his in-form players to make the cut. England coach Eddie Jones will name a trimmed down party of approximately 35 for a training camp in Brighton next week. The final squad before the autumn Tests will be named on 26 October. Leicester flanker Will Evans has been touted as a possible solution to England's number seven conundrum.
Victor Noble Rainbird was born in North Shields in 1887. He served on the Western Front at Ypres, Passchendaele, Vimy Ridge and Armentieres. His favourite subjects were the North Sea and the streets and people of his hometown.
Lennon says Brown's return would boost Gordon Strachan's Scotland squad. Scotland face England in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on 11 November. Lennon managed Brown, now 31, in his four years as Celtic boss. Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee looks forward to Brown's leadership.
The bird's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda. The buzzard was chasing a wood pigeon when it became stuck. RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh freed the animal and released it back to the wild. He said the buzzard had not had much feather damage.
Crown Post Office workers will walk out on Monday 19 December. The walkout is part of a 10-year plan to cut costs and save money. The union says it will continue to work with the government to find a solution to the problem. It says the walkout will only last until the end of December.
The party's election manifesto calls for the party to be stronger in Northern Ireland. It also calls for an increase in the number of women in the party. The party is also calling for an end to the use of the word 'no' in relation to the election process. The election will be held on May 7.
More than 60,000 vials of human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills were recovered in raids in Muff and Lifford. A man in his 30s was later released without charge. The Health Products Regulatory Authority said evidence of an illegal manufacturing operation had been found.
Taoiseach said a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could result in a referendum. DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was "being mischievous" He said Secretary of State James Brokenshire and his predecessor, Theresa Villiers, had both ruled out holding the referendum.
The Shrimps lost their opening game of the season at newly-promoted Grimsby. They then knocked Championship side Rotherham out of the EFL Cup 5-4. Morecambe's 1-0 win at Yeovil on Saturday moved them to the top of the league.
Qatar's foreign minister rejects list of 13 demands by Saudi Arabia, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain. The countries accuse Qatar of backing terrorism - a charge it denies. They also want Qatar to reduce its ties with Iran and close a Turkish military base. U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson says the demands provide a basis for dialogue.
Ms Evans is currently suspended from UKIP for bringing the party into disrepute. She said she would back councillor Lisa Duffy to succeed Nigel Farage. The leadership contest has been prompted by Mr Farage's decision to stand down. Ms Evans said UKIP needed to "break free of its hard-right image"
Shiv Kumar Yadav has also been charged with "criminal intimidation" of the 26-year-old woman. Victim had used the Uber smartphone app to book a taxi home but said she was taken to a secluded area and raped. Police say he has confessed to the crime and has been identified by the victim.
Wales have reached their first semi-final at a major tournament in 58 years. The 'Red Wall' - as Wales' players have dubbed their supporters - was still roaring its encouragement at full volume. With every victory in France, a new fan zone seemed to spring up in Wales, from Rhyl to Aberystwyth.
The Scottish Index of Multiple Deprivation is published every four years. It rates almost 7,000 areas in Scotland by standards including income, employability and health. Lower Whitecraigs in East Renfrewshire is classed as the least deprived. Council says a long-term plan to change the area's fortunes is already under way.
Cassells, 22, and Scrimgeour clocked six minutes and 29.63 seconds. The British duo won the title in the non-Olympic class in France last year. Ireland's Olympic silver medallist Paul O'Donovan won his lightweight single sculls semi-final in 6:51.71.
Johnston came through Kilmarnock's youth ranks to make the first team. The 22-year-old has signed a one-year contract with the Scottish Championship club. Barr, 30, had been at Stark's Park for three seasons after leaving Airdrieonians.
Leroy Fer gave the hosts a first-half lead when he steered the ball home from close range. Roberto Firmino levelled shortly after half-time when he headed in from Jordan Henderson's cross. James Milner netted the winner six minutes from time after Firmineo was fouled. Liverpool have now won four Premier League games in a row.
First ever positive steroids test in the history of Scottish rugby. Coaches say weight training and supplements appear to be going hand in hand. Sam Chalmers was in the most susceptible group, which is young lads who want to get into professional, or at least top-level, rugby.
Doors to the event at Glasgow Green will open at 14:00. Radiohead will headline the opening night, with Kasabian headlining on Saturday and Biffy Clyro closing the festival on Sunday. Police Scotland said on Wednesday that security would be tight at TRNSMT following the recent terror attacks.
The reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal. But Pyongyang vowed to restart it in 2013, following its third nuclear test. White House spokesman Josh Earnest said the international community would not accept North Korea as a nuclear state. Six-nation talks aimed at ending the North's nuclear programme have been stalled since 2009.
Andrew Bedford, 27, from Huntingdon in Cambridgeshire, was last seen in September 1990. Officers reopened the investigation in April, and discovered human bones on land off Stocking Fen Road in Ramsey. A 64-year-old man from Ramsey has been arrested.
Salford City Reds owner Dr Marwan Koukash has promised to make the Super League strugglers the biggest rugby club in the country within three to four years. The extravagant millionaire has grabbed the ailing Reds by the scruff of the neck and set about building a dream in arguably the sport's most crucial year. He has ruffled feathers with his breathtakingly bold bids to sign Sam Tomkins and Adrian Morley.
Isobel Joyce took four wickets as Zimbabwe were skittled out for 78. Ciecilia Joyce top-scored with 36 to help Ireland to 79-3 in 15.2 overs. Victory over Scotland will secure a place in next year's World Twenty20.
Norman Betchley died in 2009 after he was mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse. The hospital said the CQC report did not reflect improvements it has made. The trust which runs the hospital has been in special measures since 2013. Chief executive Frank Sims admitted its biggest challenge is "reducing our dependency on agency staff"
Cavendish came sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race. He was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday. James broke the women's sprint Olympic record in qualification and is in Monday's quarter-finals along with fellow Briton Katy Marchant.
Finance Minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round. He said that when added to the last monitoring round it means the executive has allocated an additional £200m to health. Health accounts for about half of Stormont's departmental spending.
The twins have filed a new lawsuit against Facebook. They claim the social media giant hid important information from them. The case dates back to 2003, when the brothers were at Harvard. The twins had agreed to pay $65m to settle the case. But they have now dropped the appeal.
The teenage pedestrian was knocked down by a Ford Focus in Thrybergh, Rotherham. The car involved was thought to have been travelling towards Dalton at the time. The driver of the Ford Focus was not injured in the crash on Saturday. Police have appealed for any witnesses to contact them.
As defence correspondent of the Daily Express he beat his rivals to a string of scoops. After his retirement he published a series of books alleging Britain's security services had been penetrated by spies at the top level. His most controversial book was Their Trade is Treachery. This revealed the head of MI5 until 1965, Sir Roger Hollis, had been investigated as a Soviet spy.
Stewart was in the final year of his contract at Dens Park. He had scored six goals in three games for Dundee already this season. He is Birmingham's second signing of the week following the arrival of striker Che Adams from Sheffield United. He could make his Blues debut in Saturday's Championship match at Leeds.
The former private, who is in her 20s, has accepted a conditional caution for misconduct in a public office. She was arrested at her Nottinghamshire home under the Metropolitan Police's Operation Elveden inquiry into alleged corrupt payments to public officials. The woman has agreed to make a payment of Â£40 to an armed forces charity.
The Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House in Pollokshields, Glasgow, a score of one - the lowest possible - across three areas examined. The home's quality of management and leadership received the second lowest score of two (weak) Inspectors also noted that there had been "very little progress" following an earlier inspection which had already highlighted concerns.
Officers were called to Derby Road, Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday. They were called after reports of a gun being seen in a car. A Metropolitan Police spokesman said the reported car was stopped at 16:00 GMT. Four men inside were arrested and are currently being held at a north London police station.
Lancaster's Caton Road substation went offline at 11:00 BST. Parts of the city and nearby Morecambe and Carnforth without power. Power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the remaining 10,000 properties. It is not yet known what caused the outage. A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond left 55,000 without power in 2015.
The plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket, Suffolk, had been approved by Forest Heath District Council. But last year Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision. Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled that Mr Javid's decision was fatally inconsistent and "plainly deficient"
Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July "in recognition of the problems" and to allow feedback. Shopkeeper Angie Booth, who owns Valu-4-U in East Cowes, said: "Whether I come out of this and survive I am not sure"
The 24-year-old joined Lille on a season-long loan last summer. He has made just five appearances since returning from the African Cup of Nations. Lille are 11th in the Ligue 1 table going into Saturday's clash with Metz. Click here for all the latest Lille news.
The British astronaut has been up there for six weeks, but took time out to speak to children and share some experiments. Leah went to meet some of kids lucky enough to be able to talk direct to the astronaut, and he shared some of his experiments with her.
The Newtownards man became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years when he triumphed in the scratch race in Belarus. Irvine also won silver in the points race at the World Championships plus a World Cup gold in Manchester and a European bronze this year. The judging panel of Northern Ireland sports journalists chose Irvine ahead of runner-up AP McCoy and motorcyclist Michael Dunlop.
The C-27J was flying from Iceland to Italy when it lost communication. It was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution. A Ryanair flight to Malta took off a short time after the plane landed. The emergency was declared at 20:00, but Scottish airspace was not closed.
Five men arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. The men, two aged 32 and 37 were arrested in Stoke-on-Trent and three others, aged 18, 24 and 28, were arrested on Friday. Magistrates granted police a further seven days to question the men.
There are 24 teams competing in the 2014 European Championship. England, Wales and Northern Ireland have qualified for the first time. The tournament kicks off with France playing Romania on Friday, 10 June. The final will take place at the Stade de France in Paris on 10 July.
The two teams faced off in Patras, Greece, earlier this month, with Greece winning 92-64. Three members of that team will be missing at the Copper Box. It will be Britain's only home game before they compete at FIBA EuroBasket 2017, which starts at the beginning of September.
Wales lost their 11th consecutive match against Australia. The Wallabies were reduced to 13 men for seven minutes in the second half. Fly-half Bernard Foley kicked all Australia's points, with Dan Bigger twice on target for Wales. Australia face Scotland in the quarter-final on 18 October, with Wales against South Africa the day before.
Scotland have not won an opening day Six Nations fixture since the victory over France at Murrayfield in 2006. Ireland have won 14 of 17 Six Nations matches between the sides. Joe Schmidt's side have beaten South Africa, Australia and New Zealand since last summer. Scotland resource coach Nathan Hines warns Schmidt will have pinpointed every Scottish weakness.
Gen Petraeus was the architect of the "surge" in US troop numbers in Iraq. He also secured support from Sunni tribesmen against al-Qaeda. He was forced to stand down in 2012 after revelations of an extra-marital affair. But he remains one of the heroes of America's controversial military operations.
The breach happened 10 days ago when the council's website service provider, which is based in England, was targeted by hackers. Officials have warned of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails. The Information Commissioner's Office has been informed and preventative measures have been taken by the web service providers.
A statement announced the formation of a joint operations room following what it said was an increase in attacks on residential areas and displaced people.Rebels were said to have subsequently launched attacks in the province of Latakia and in neighbouring Hama. The Syrian opposition delegation in Geneva said it intended to suspend formal peace talks.
Ads will appear in a few months and involve just a handful of firms. Instagram was bought by Facebook for $1bn (Â£619m), but has never made a profit. Early efforts by Instagram to generate revenue were met with user backlash. Facebook has boosted its efforts to gain a larger share of this ad spending.
Radiohead are also shortlisted for their album A Moon Shaped Pool. It is their fifth nomination - but they have yet to win the Â£25,000 prize. Other nominees include Laura Mvula, The 1975, Kano and Bat For Lashes. The 2016 Hyundai Mercury Music Prize takes place at the Hammersmith Apollo on 15 September.
Mr Virdi, 56, of Hounslow, west London, was acquitted by a jury. He had denied indecently assaulting a male and misconduct in public office. He claimed the charges were part of a campaign to get him out of the police force. He said: 'This is a typical case of police trying to get me out of police force'
Welsh Government under pressure to change its approach to leaving the EU. Tory MP Stephen Crabb says it would be "completely wrong" to remain in the single market. But Labour's Simon Hart says it is time to find a way of staying in the EU without a deal.
Families held private meetings with Theresa May in the wake of the Hillsborough inquests, which ended in April. They called on the home secretary to put South Yorkshire Police into remedial measures. It is understood the proposed 'Hillsborough Law' would seek to place a further onus on those in public office to cooperate positively with investigations.
New guidance aims to help police identify online crimes more easily. It highlights those who post people's personal information - known as doxxing. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders: "The internet's not an anonymous place where people can post without any consequences" But she stressed this did not mean prosecutors could "stifle free speech"
Faizan was among eight people killed on Sunday when paramilitary soldiers fired bullets and shotgun pellets at those protesting against Indian rule. Election authorities say some 170 people, including 100 security personnel, were injured in about 200 incidents of stone pelting and violent protests. Voter turnout in Sunday's election was an abysmal 7.1% - the lowest in decades.
The woman was flown to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor by air ambulance, but later died. North Wales Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident in Talysarn. The incident involved a silver Ford Transit truck in Nantlle Road, Gwynaird.
Bids submitted by Abellio, Arriva, KeolisAmey and MTR for the next Wales and Borders franchise. Successful bidder will have to make a slice of its profits available to be reinvested in the railway network. A contract will be awarded in early 2018.
Robbie has presented the Scottish dance music show Take the Floor since the early 1980s. This weekend will be his final programme as permanent host. BBC Scotland director Ken MacQuarrie said: "Robbie is one of Scotland's most recognisable voices" First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said she was "sad" the "broadcasting legend" was stepping down.
Stanley's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging. Carlisle have three 'home' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat Notts County at Preston's Deepdale on Saturday. The Cumbrians will also play upcoming matches at Blackburn's Ewood Park and Blackpool's Bloomfield Road.
The supporters had been on a stadium tour but managed to cut themselves off from the remainder of the party. They were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium before being handed over to police, who decided not to arrest the pair. United say there was no risk to supporters attending the Arsenal game.
Accrington Stanley beat Preston North End 3-2 in the EFL Cup third round. Preston led when Ben Richards-Everton volleyed home. Jordan Hugill equalised for the visitors with four minutes of extra time left. Jordan Clark restored the lead but Hugill levelled again in added time. Billy Kee struck in the third minute of stoppage time to give Stanley victory.
Andrew Bickel, 39, was fixing a light when he returned to find his tools gone. He received a call from a lady in the cat charity shop to say his tools were there. He said he had enjoyed his five minutes of fame after his Facebook post went viral.
The 24-year-old won gold in the men's 5,000m at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. He says he will now focus on his studies at the University of Glasgow. "I feel like I've got a lot of work to do," he says.
Nile Ranger was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud. Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return to training before their first League One game on 5 August. The former Newcastle striker, 26, scored eight goals in 27 league appearances last season.
The veteran broadcaster died of cancer on Sunday at the age of 77. In a career spanning 50 years, Sir Terry hosted TV chat shows, fronted the Eurovision Song Contest and was the face of Children in Need. A condolence book for Sir Terry has also been opened in the entrance of the BBC's New Broadcasting House.
Unions at BAE Systems have warned of possible delays to funding for the Royal Navy's new frigates. Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson insisted there was no change to the timetable. Labour said it was vital that promises were kept while the Lib Dems called for an end to uncertainty.
The three men are seeking to be named as the Republican candidate in November's presidential election. The best time to bludgeon a candidate is before it is clear circumstances are forcing you to act. "We're having a lot of fun up here, aren't we?" the front-runner quipped at one point. "I'm the only one on the stage that's hired."
Ukraine wins Eurovision with 1944, a song dedicated to her great-grandmother and her five children who were deported by Soviet troops from Crimea in 1944. Political songs are not allowed at Eurovision, but 1944 was permitted because it was based on historic fact, rather than current politics. The new voting system also got a mixed reception, with Simon Bennett saying it was "a disaster that destroyed the atmosphere"'
Five men died during a day-trip to Camber Sands in East Sussex last August. A month earlier, two others also lost their lives. Rother District Council has allocated Â£51,000 as part of its annual budget. Councillor Sally-Ann Hart said the council needed to act after the deaths.
Archibald was on Swindon Town's managerial shortlist last season. Osman says the loss of Archibald would be a hard act to follow. Partick Thistle are on the verge of losing promising centre-back Liam Lindsay, who has travelled to Barnsley for a medical.
The 10 suspects were detained at Montreal's Trudeau International Airport. Police said they could not disclose the identity of the suspects or provide information about what led to their arrests. Canadian troops are part of a multinational coalition to halt the advance of IS militants in Iraq and Syria. Prime Minister Stephen Harper announced in March that he planned to expand the mission.
Dixon was captain of the Championship club's under-21 side. The 21-year-old made his debut for the Tigers in the League Cup first-round tie against Accrington Stanley in August. The Minstermen are bottom of the Football League and face Newport on Saturday.
Independent report estimates foreign visitors cost the NHS £2bn a year. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said he did not want to "turn GPs into border guards" A levy on migrants from outside the European Economic Area (EEA) could raise £200m. A cost-recovery unit will also be set up to help hospitals claw back money.
Colin Shields put Belfast ahead before Scott Aarssen levelled late in the first period. Ryan Martinelli and Mark Garside left the Giants in control. Alex Foster increased Belfast's lead to 4-1 before Steve Saviano completed the scoring with five minutes left. Belfast have a game in hand on the Devils, who defeated Coventry Blaze 5-3.
The steam engine was initially built in Doncaster, but took its name from the Edinburgh to London service on which it ran. After the last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966, the train toured the world, becoming an icon of British engineering. It will make its first journey in ten years along the East Coast mainline.
Only one man out of five initial cases heard at the High Court in Leeds has been awarded compensation. In December, a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay Â£14,000 in damages. He is one of 249 men suing the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse at St William's residential school.
The film, written by JK Rowling and starring Eddie Redmayne, took a total of £15.3m. It is the third highest opening weekend from the Harry Potter series. The first instalment is set in New York, and tells the story of a fictional author mentioned in the Potter stories.
Norfolk's Williamson spent four weeks in hospital after January's accident. The 22-year-old fractured her neck and back, dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck after colliding with Elis Ligtlee during the omnium final. "I have no memories, which is probably pretty good," she said.
Prof Les Mayhew said the difference between the sexes peaked at nearly six years in the 1970s. If current trends continue, Prof Mayhew predicts, both sexes could, on average, be living to the age of 87 in 2030. The reason could be down to men living a healthier lifestyle.
Nazir Afzal joined the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners last year. He signed a contract saying he would not do any media without the board's consent. But he appeared on the BBC's Question Time on 25 May. The board said it was 'inappropriate' for him to appear on the show.
Moody's downgrades China's credit rating, its investor benchmark for analysing the country's economic performance. The rating is still A1 - the agency's fifth highest - but nevertheless highlights growing concerns about the amount of debt the world's most populous country is carrying.
Thames Water says the tunnel is the best way to stop sewage dumping in the River Thames. Professor of water economics claims the utility firm could borrow the money required to build the tunnel for around 2% a year. Thames Water says no decision on financing the project has been made.
Tidal Lagoon Power (TLP) said the claims had no "clear scientific basis" NRW said its figures were based on the "best available evidence" it received. The Â£1.3bn Swansea tidal lagoon project is being viewed as a test bed for much larger and more cost effective versions.
Strauss will leave Glasgow Warriors when his contract expires this summer. The South Africa-born forward becomes Sale's first new signing for next season. Strauss has been sidelined by a kidney injury sustained during the Six Nations defeat by France, ruling him out of the rest of the tournament.
Flight MU736 was heading from Sydney, Australia to Shanghai, but the pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after taking off. The Airbus A330 landed safely and there were no reports of injuries. Passengers said they had heard a loud sound coming from the left engine shortly after take-off.
Katy James was refused leave to remain because her British husband earns less than Â£18,600 per year.Immigration Minister James Brokenshire has written to their MP to say after an interval review the Home Office would reconsider her application to remain. The couple, who married in 2006, said they were victims of a rule change in 2012.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. At points throughout the year we may introduce a theme for the gallery - this week's theme is "love"
All 42 Scottish clubs discussed league reconstruction on Tuesday, with a 16-team top-flight among the proposals. Fitzel was involved with the Czech youth teams from 1998 to 2005, and helped bring through the likes of Petr Cech and Martin Skrtel. The Czech Republic were quarter-finalists in the 2012 European Championships and finished top of their Euro 2016 qualifying group.
Mr Tshibala will be leader until presidential elections later this year. He was expelled from the UDPS last month after contesting the designation of successors to veteran leader Etienne Tshisekedi. The country of 71 million people has not had a peaceful transfer of power since its independence from Belgium in 1960.
Akinfenwa chested down in the box and saw his deflected shot fly past Bobby Olejnik. Wycombe have lost just one of six league games at Adams Park this term. Paul Hayes should have given the hosts the lead after 18 minutes when a bouncing ball fell to him five yards out but his looping header cleared the crossbar.
Staff will strike until after next week's federal budget, one of the year's biggest local news days. Fairfax is suffering from falling circulation of its print editions and declining advertising revenue. Media Entertainment and Arts Alliance, which represents the country's journalists, strongly criticised the planned cuts at Fairfax as a "dumb move"
Marquand has racked up 68 wins across the last 12 months. The 17-year-old has been nominated for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year 2015 award. His trainer Richard Hannon says Marquand could be a champion jockey one day. Marquand will find out if he has won the BBC award on Sunday.
Negotiators from Cuba and Norway will meet in Havana on 10 December. The talks will focus on a de-escalation of the conflict. The Farc kidnapped two members of the government on 16 November. They were handed over to the Red Cross, who will reunite them with families.
Akpan, 25, had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday's loss at Sheffield Wednesday. Blackburn have also been charged with failing to ensure players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion. Akpan and Rovers have until 20 and 21 February respectively to respond to the charges.
Biologists studied a group of Sydney octopuses off Australia's east coast. They observed a range of behaviour that may indicate complex social signalling. Changes to body colour and other behaviour were interpreted as tactics to avoid predators. The unique study was based on 53 hours of footage and published on Friday in the journal Current Biology.
The Aegon Championships begin on June 4 in Nottingham. The tournament is the first Grand Slam of the year. Caroline Wozniacki is the defending champion, beating Maria Sharapova 6-1, 6-2. The final will be played on July 7.
Dozens of demonstrators died in protests over a proposed electoral law change. The government says all the bodies were buried in a single night. Human Rights Watch says they must check to see if any of the people have been buried there. A spokesman said on Monday that there would be no exhumations of the bodies.
Koeman will take brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg to Goodison Park. The Toffees will pay about £5m compensation for the 53-year-old Dutchman. Koeman has been headhunted by new Everton owner Farhad Moshiri.
Communities Secretary Sajid Javid accused some councils of "fudging" the numbers on housing need in their area. But the response to the government's proposals has been decidedly mixed. Labour's shadow housing minister John Healey described them as "feeble beyond belief"
Attack happened early on Sunday near the town of Dogubayezit in Agri province, near the border with Iran. Four of the injured were in a serious condition. Turkey has carried out hundreds of air raids on PKK bases on both sides of the Iraq-Turkey border.
Robert Thomson, 18, from Bellshill, was last seen on Friday 3 June. He was reported missing by his family two days later. A body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive, Motherwell, is believed to be Mr Thomson. A post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause of death.
Lionel Messi is valued by academics at £149m. Only England players in the top 10 are Harry Kane (worth £122m) and Dele Alli (£96m) Paul Pogba, who joined Manchester United for a record £89m in the summer, is worth £136.4m.
Solar Impulse has a wingspan bigger than a jumbo but weighs little more than a large car. It is the seventh leg in the single-seat, propeller-driven aircraft's quest to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of the Sun. Mr Borschberg will try to stay awake for much of that time, taking only short catnaps.
Yvonne Mosquito visited family of Kenichi Phillips, 18, who was shot dead. West Midlands Deputy PCC was suspended in May 2016. She had an employment tribunal listed to take place in May 2017. A joint statement said "all outstanding matters" were resolved.
The 6ft 5in star had been diagnosed with brain cancer and was in intensive care in New York before his death on Wednesday. His son Rory said in a statement: "He was full of knowledge and kindness and goodness" The actor trained at London's Academy of Music and Dramatic Art.
Northern Ireland remain in contention for a place in the last 16. Michael O'Neill made five changes for his side's second group game. Defender McAuley: "We had a point to prove to ourselves" Northern Ireland face Germany in their final Group C game on Tuesday.
Two separate proceedings, one by a cross-party group of MLAs and another from victims' campaigner Raymond McCord, were heard earlier this month. A judge ruled there was nothing in the 1998 Good Friday peace agreement to prevent the government triggering Article 50. Mr McCord said he would be taking his case to the Supreme Court.
Lydia Wilkinson said she did not know at first whether her father Peter was going to survive the stabbing at their home in Stourbridge. Aaron Barley, 23, of no fixed address, has been charged with their murders and with the attempted murder of Mr Wilkinson. Mrs Wilkinson was pronounced dead at the scene. Pierce died in hospital after paramedics battled to save him.
Matthew Todd Miller, a 24-year-old US citizen, was sentenced to six years of hard labour on 14 September 2014. He had been in custody since 10 April when, according to North Korean sources, he destroyed his tourist visa and demanded asylum. Pae Jun-ho was arrested in November 2012 as he entered the north-eastern port city of Rason, a special economic zone near North Korea's border with China. North Korea said he used his tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government. Aijalon Mahli Gomes, 31, was jailed for illegally entering North Korea from China in 2010.
Students said the error meant there were two possible correct answers to the multiple choice questions. South Korean media said the mistake would affect the test scores of about 3,600-4,000 students. The head of the national exam board has offered to resign. The annual test determines the academic futures of high school students.
Gloucester have played away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007. The University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds currently play in Cheltenham. In September, planning permission was approved to permit initial work on building a new ground for Gloucester.
In July, Conor McGinn claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father. It followed an interview in which he called for Mr Corbyn to "reach out beyond his comfort zone" The St Helens MP told BBC Radio Four's Westminster Hour: "The modus operandi that he (Mr Corbyn) and the people around him were trying to do, involving my family"
Olympic medallists Wiggins and Cavendish to race in Tour of Britain. Team Sky's Elia Viviani and Germany's Andre Greipel also in the field. A total of 21 teams will take part, including 11 UCI World Tour outfits. The eight-day event concludes in London on 11 September.
Ronald Chigunwe worked for Wessex Heartbeat, which supports the cardiac centre at Southampton General Hospital. The 40-year-old, of Breadels Field, Basingstoke, pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering. The Crown Prosecution Service will now decide whether he should face trial.
The victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper-caste girl. She has alleged that police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon. Five people, including the eloped girl's parents, have been arrested. The village in Satara district falls in the constituency of the Chief Minister.
Turkish forces have targeted so-called Islamic State (IS) inside Syria. They have also gone after Kurdish fighters in the same region. The pursuit of Kurdish forces, whom Ankara considers terrorists, has led to criticism by the United States. Ankara contacted the US ambassador on Wednesday over comments the foreign ministry called "unacceptable"
Dywedodd Jeffrey John: "Yn eu barn nhw, byddai esgob sy'n hoyw yn peri gormod o drafferth" The Church Times: "Mae fy ngreddf yn dweud wrthai na fyddai safiad JJ ar fater perthynas"
Toshiba hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($2.2bn; Â£1.6bn), says Nikkei. Firm admitted in 2015 it had overstated its profits by $1.3bn over seven years. As part of the efforts to balance its books, the firm has announced major job cuts.
England reach 46-2 at the close of day four of the third Test in Sharjah. Alastair Cook will resume on 17 and Joe Root six on Thursday. England's record fourth-innings run chase in Asia is 209 in 2010. Mohammad Hafeez hit 151 as Pakistan were bowled out for 355 in their second innings.
Gatland says Henry indicated to his players at the outset of the trip of Australia who would be selected for the Test matches. The New Zealander says each of his 41-man squad is in contention to face the All Blacks. Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton appear to be in competition for the fly-half spot.
The 24-year-old played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season. Hodson started his career at Watford and played 51 games in three seasons at MK Dons after a loan at Brentford. He was part of Northern Ireland's squad at Euro 2016, but did not feature in any of their four matches.
A descendant of one of the infants fed from the decanter has handed it into the care of Inverness Museum. Tenants cleared from Glancalvie Estate set up a camp in Croick Churchyard, near Ardgay, 170 years ago. The families later left to settle in other parts of the Highlands.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan, 67, on the grounds of diminished responsibility in May. Mr Justice Treacy said it was "an horrific crime" Mr Girvan was found dead at his Greenisland home in County Antrim. He was stabbed in the chest and suffocated after being gagged with kitchen roll and a tie to stop him calling out for help.
Researchers found that firearms and related goods generated 136 sales per month and a monthly revenue of $80,000 (Â£62,000) The dark net is a part of the internet that requires specific software to access, in order for users to remain anonymous. Police believe the 2016 Munich shooting, which left nine people dead, used weapons purchased on the dark net.
Comedian and actor has been married to Malaak Compton-Rock for 19 years. The couple have two children together, daughters, Lola Simone, 12, and Zahra Savannah, 10. Rock made his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s.
Paul Mason, of Ipswich, used to weigh 70 stone (440kg) but has lost more than 40 stone (254kg) with the help of gastric band surgery. He hopes the procedures in New York will help shed seven stone (44kg) His visa application had been delayed due to a previous criminal conviction.
Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK. About one in eight men will get prostate cancer at some point in their lives. Hsp90 inhibitors were found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments. This makes the drugs particularly promising for treating drug-resistant cancers.
The agreement between the European Professional Football Leagues and Uefa ended on 15 March. It had been in place to boost attendances and television viewing figures for European matches. Arsenal's FA Cup replay against Hull City was given special dispensation to be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16.
At least 66,000 girls and women in the UK are believed to be victims of FGM. Campaigners say girls are most at risk of undergoing the procedure during the long summer holidays. Association of Teachers and Lecturers says teachers need more training to help them identity and protect girls at risk.
The 19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday. Officers cordoned off an area of the park as part of their investigation. Anyone with information was asked to contact Police Scotland on 0800 555 111 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 08457 90 90 90 or visit www.crimestoppers-uk.
Curtis and assistant manager Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth. Swansea want to appoint their new boss as soon as possible, with ex-Derby manager Paul Clement the first choice. Curtis believes the Swans have not been the same since Michael Laudrup left.
Data shows that the total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12% on the previous year's figures. Graduates start repaying their debt once their income reaches £21,000 but after 30 years outstanding debt is written off. For those repaying loans in 2017 the average sum owed at the start of repayment was £19,280.
Unnamed man stopped at Turin Airport wearing pilot's uniform and using forged ID cards. He was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation. Police had long been investigating the suspect, who had allegedly created a fake identity as a Lufthansa pilot named Andrea Sirlo.
PM says parents should be responsible for making sure children speak English. People from outside the EU applying for a visa to join their spouse or partner now have to prove they have a basic command of English. The weekly session of Prime Minister's Questions was dominated by foreign affairs with Ed Miliband focusing all his six questions on events in Egypt.
The number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013. The UK government said its plan for a national living wage would help people. People are classed as being in poverty if their household earns or receives less than 60% of the national average income.
European Court of Justice ruling could affect 975,000 people in the UK. Ruling relates to the Working Time Directive - the European initiative which caps the working week at 48 hours. Unions say the ruling does not directly deal with remuneration. But it is possible the judgement will be used in UK courts to challenge employers.
The reopening of schools in Guinea comes four days after the UN said the number of confirmed Ebola cases in the country had fallen to its lowest weekly total since August. Many schools have introduced health precautions, including hand-washing and temperature checks. Schools remain closed in Sierra Leone and Liberia, the two other countries hit hard by the outbreak.
The FTSE has fallen 5.2%, or 363 points, since Monday. On Friday the index closed 2.8% lower, while markets in Paris and Frankfurt saw falls of about 3%.Shares also plunged on Wall Street, with the Dow Jones, Nasdaq and S&P 500 indexes all down more than 3% by the close.
The Victim Information Scheme gives victims an opportunity to provide information about prisoners. The scheme was set up in response to the death of a 17-year-old girl in 1998. Her body was found under the foundations of a partially-built house in County Londonderry. The victim's sister said: "Even though we knew the time was coming we are angry and fearful"
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov criticised social network Instagram for removing the video. Mr Kasyanov said Mr Putin was responsible for his actions. The former prime minister served as President Putin's prime minister from 2000 to 2004. He now leads Parnas, a small liberal opposition party.
Manchester United beat Arsenal 1-0 at the Emirates Stadium. Wayne Rooney scored the only goal of the game in stoppage time. Louis van Gaal's side move up to fourth in the Premier League table. Arsene Wenger's side trail leaders Chelsea by 15 points after 12 games.
BrewDog hopes to raise up to $50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America. Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus, Ohio. More than 1,200 people have already signed up to the Equity for Punks USA scheme.
Unions had won backing for strike action after the firm proposed closing the final salary scheme. Tata claimed the scheme was facing a Â£2bn deficit. Unions agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open. National strike scheduled for 22 June was suspended following talks at Acas.
The German investment firm, JAB Holding will pay a 78% premium to Friday's closing price to buy the company. The deal will make JAB the biggest player in the North American single-serve coffee pod market. Coca-Cola will take a 17.4% stake in the new private company.
Poster said: "Bet Jennifer Lawrence wishes she'd used a StR0nG_Pas5w0Rd%" Image attracted criticism on social media, with university accused of "victim blaming" University said the poster had been removed and should not have been made. Dozens of private pictures of Hunger Games actress Lawrence were released on the internet in September.
Ali Nasrollahi, 22, was found collapsed in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon. He was treated by paramedics for a single stab wound but died soon after arriving at hospital. Police have launched a murder inquiry and have appealed for witnesses to come forward. No arrests have been made.
Chiefs, third in the Premiership, had only four players included in squads for this year's Six Nations. That compares to the seven players called up from each of leaders Wasps, second-placed Saracens and fourth-placed Bath's squads. Baxter: "We weren't performing either as a team or individually at the intensity that you need to demand an international selection"
Celtic beat Partick Thistle 5-0 in their Scottish Premiership clash. Leigh Griffiths, Tom Rogic, Callum McGregor and Patrick Roberts scored. Brendan Rodgers' side must beat Hearts on Sunday to win the title. Celtic have gone unbeaten in a season once before, in 1897-98.
Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms, but only 700 will be ready this month to welcome students. Developer Balfour Beatty confirmed the remaining 300 rooms would be ready during the 2015-16 academic year. The unfinished rooms have not been let to students.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has since apologised. Broadcaster Nickelodeon said they had not "organised or authorised" the use of the characters at the event. There are no official PAW Patrol appearances anywhere in the UK or Ireland at present. They had been due to share top billing with Santa Claus.
Colin Calderwood has left Brighton to join Aston Villa. The 51-year-old was Chris Hughton's number two at Brighton. Villa boss Steve Bruce says Calderwood "shot to the top of the pile" Calderwood previously managed Nottingham Forest, Hibernian and Northampton.
Harlequins centre Roberts will lead Wales in June Tests against Tonga and Samoa while the Lions take on New Zealand. The 30-year-old played for the Lions in 2009 and 2013 but was not selected this time by Warren Gatland. Roberts has started 83 of his 91 Tests for Wales but only one since they lost heavily to Australia in November. He acknowledges he "deserved" to be dropped for his performance against the Wallabies.
Eddie Jones will be happy with England's performance against Scotland. The tactics were more route one, using the forwards. Jonathan Joseph didn't really get the ball and the wingers mainly got it from kick returns. I am not massively sold on the combination of Owen Farrell and George Ford.
Britain finish second in the men's 4x100m relay at the Commonwealth Games. Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili failed to complete the final handover in time. Britain have made a mess of baton changes in five of the last six major championships. Favourites Jamaica rested Usain Bolt but still won heat one.
A 38-year-old man, who was a back seat car passenger, is in a critical but stable condition in hospital. The Vauxhall Zafira was travelling south when it crashed with a First bus between Kirkliston and Winchburgh. The driver of the car suffered spinal injuries and a fractured ankle.
Mohammed Anwar, from Thornliebank, was trapped underneath the forklift. The incident happened at about 10:30 on Friday in East Kilbride. Emergency services attended but he died at the scene. Police Scotland are appealing to people who were in the area at the time to contact them.
Adams will make her professional debut in Manchester on Saturday. The 34-year-old will fight Argentina's Virginia Carcamo. Adams has been training alongside IBF, WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion Ward. She says doing so "has left me a bit in awe, to be honest"
The world changed on 6 August 1945. The story since has been of the steady spread of nuclear weapons. The big powers seemed either unable or unwilling to prevent that spread. A deal between Iran and the major world powers could end that. It would also provide assurances that Iran would scale back its nuclear programme.
Former chief executive of Anglo Irish Bank is charged with 33 offences. Charges include false accounting linked to transactions worth 7bn euros (£5.4bn) He is accused of providing unlawful financial assistance to 16 wealthy investors. Police objected to his bail application, claiming he is a potential flight risk.
She comes from a musical family of 15 children, and is supported by her brothers, Pata and Dozzy Njava, and her cousin Christian Ravalison. Lala Njava is passionately concerned by the issues her native land faces, especially deforestation. She is donating a portion of the revenues from her CD sales to a tree planting project.
The formation of an Advisory Commission on Rakhine State represents a rare glimmer of hope for the stateless Rohingya. Kofi Annan, the former UN secretary general, has been tasked with taking a fresh look at the issues. The final report is likely to contain suggestions that many Burmese consider unpalatable.
Ivan Lendl has been working with Andy Murray since the US Open in September. The pair met up at Queen's Club on Tuesday for the first time since then. Murray says he and his other coach, Jamie Delgado, will spend time together this week. The Scot is aiming to win a fifth title at the grass-court season's start.
More than 100,000 16 to 17-year-olds voted in the Scottish independence referendum. Campaign groups have been trying to get the UK voting age lowered. Lib Dems are all for 16 and 17- year-olds voting and promised it in their 2010 manifesto. Labour leader, Ed Miliband, also backs lowering the age.
Wolff has to find a replacement for the German as team-mate to Lewis Hamilton. Vettel has been shopping around for a move and would almost certainly welcome a switch to Mercedes. But there is no obvious replacement for Ferrari and he might not fancy going up against Hamilton. Hamilton and Alonso are regarded as the two towering talents of their generation.
Smokers more likely to develop the disorder and at a younger age. Analysis of 61 separate studies suggests nicotine in cigarette smoke may be altering the brain. Experts said it was a "pretty strong case" but needed more research. 42% of all cigarettes smoked in England are by people with mental health problems.
Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare were called. The police and ambulance service also attended, the fire service said. Avon Fire and Rescue have warned people not to park or walk on the beach in the dark due to the fast-rising tides.
Lord Carey writes in the Daily Mail that he has dropped his opposition to the Assisted Dying Bill. But the current Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has called the bill "mistaken and dangerous" The legislation would make it legal for adults in England and Wales to be given assistance ending their own life. It would apply to those with less than six months to live.
Match of the Day presenter Lineker says decision to sack Claudio Ranieri is "indefensible" Former England captain Lineker played for his hometown club for seven seasons. The Foxes are 17th this season and lost to League One Millwall in the FA Cup. Vichai Srivaddhanaprabha used Instagram to explain why he sacked Ranieri.
Two more people pulled alive from the rubble of the eight-storey building in the suburb of Savar on Sunday. A group of about nine survivors was also located and teams were using light cutting equipment to try to reach them. Police have so far arrested three garment factory owners and two engineers in connection with the disaster.
Harry Lewis signs for Southampton on a three-year contract. The 19-year-old played three FA Cup games for Southampton last season. Sam Stanton joins Hibernian on a one-year loan deal. Jordie Briels and Deniz Mehmet have also signed for the club.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-0 in the Scottish League Cup final on Sunday. Pat Bonner and Willie Miller give their verdicts on the match. Bonner says Celtic dominated in midfield and McLean must take responsibility. Miller gives his marks out of 10 for Derek McInnes' side.
Alexander Litvinenko was a former FSB officer who had become a fierce critic of Vladimir Putin. He was killed by radioactive Polonium 210 and that two Russians, Alexander Lugovoi and Dimitri Kovtun, are believed by police to be responsible. The inquiry may reveal new details of the trail of evidence, though.
Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board (BCUHB) gave £20,000 towards the Lap of Wales Challenge. But the Wales Audit Office found the board breached its own rules and regulations in handling the funding. The event cost more than £150,000 to arrange and the surplus was £1,368.
Incident happened on Morningside Road, near to Jordan Lane, at about 11:45. Local diversion was put in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place. Police have appealed to anyone who may have seen the elderly woman, or the bin lorry, before the incident occurred.
The John Deere tractor was pulled over by officers in the village of Ripley. The vehicle had been seen in nearby Harrogate with no headlights on. Police said the driver had no licence, was not insured and did not have permission from the tractor's owner.
Anh Nhu Nguyen, 52, of Beckenham, south-east London, is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council. Court heard he claimed he lived in the North Kensington block, and that his wife and son had died in the blaze. He pleaded not guilty to both counts at Southwark Crown Court.
Africa will go through six human actions this year - it will stand, kneel, squat, bow, fall and then rise again. In the group of those who will be standing in Africa in 2017 is Donald Trump. The African Union has been searching for a new Chief Executive Officer and will fill the position in January.
Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords, in the Surrey greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales. He told Mr Justice Dove at London's High Court that his "beautiful home" had now been "carefully dismantled" The house had been "very largely" demolished, he said, but there was "still more to be done"
The £570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in March 2012. The first public trams started running at 06:00 BST. Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the local economy. Delays were initially blamed on unexpected numbers of pipes and cables.
Builders working on BBC programme were targeted while helping in West Bromwich. Show bosses said three vans have been hit in the past week. The programme is extending the home of Sandra Chambers, who has looked after her two grandchildren since the death of their mother Crystal in October 2015.
The oil firm said revenues in the year fell 27% to £1.6bn. It is the second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss. Oil prices have slumped by 70% since the middle of 2014. Tullow said it could cut annual capital expenditure to as low as $300m in 2017.
Mobile measurement firm RootMetrics conducted over 840,000 checks. It ranked operators for reliability and speed of voice, data and text services. EE dominated for speed, Three was a close second in terms of reliability. Vodafone said it could not "take the results of this report seriously and neither should our customers"
John Johnston, 27, admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit. He was spotted by a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped by police in Buccleuch Street. Johnston was ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and given the driving ban.
Almost 900 families were facing eviction because their houses stood in the way of the planned route for the Transolimpica bus rapid transit system. The new 25km (15 mile) rapid bus route is expected to carry 70,000 passengers a day. Rio City Hall intended to relocate the families from Vila Uniao to small social housing apartments or offer compensation packages. Many residents did not want to leave their 30-year-old community.
The Office for Nuclear Regulation said it was a "robust" body but one expert accused it of "moving the goalposts" The current graphite weight loss limit for Dungeness is set at 6.2% but the regulator says when it reached 5.7% its operator, French power giant EDF, applied to raise it.
Walter Palmer from the state of Minnesota is believed to have paid about??32,000 to hunt lions in the wild. Mr Palmer said he thought the hunt was legal and didn't know the lion was protected. Cecil was a massive tourist attraction and famous in Africa for being relaxed around humans.
£1,494 will be donated to Islay Heritage to help build a story of the island's past. The money will also be used to help the local community. The first bottle will be sold on The Whisky Exchange, with the rest donated to the RSPB and the Islay Foundation.
Dominic Elliott, 23, died in March after he was taken to hospital from the world-renowned artist's house in Bridlington, East Yorkshire. Inquest heard Mr Elliott had taken cocaine, ecstasy and temazepam before he drank the liquid. Mr Hockney was in bed asleep at the time and was "completely unaware" of what had happened.
Chierika Ukogu, 23, is the first Nigerian woman to compete in an Olympic rowing event. She raised $15,000 on GoFundMe to travel to Rio and compete in the women's single sculls. She finished 20th in the finals and was demoted to the "C/D" semis and final. In her "final D" race she came second, but her time of 7:44:76 put her 18 places below silver.
The United Airlines flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22. It declared a second emergency a short time later. The plane landed back at Edinburgh at 15:30, after circling the airport for 10 minutes. It comes a day after the same aircraft diverted to Edinburgh from London Heathrow.
The Great City Games, an open and free event for the public, is due to take place in Manchester on Friday. Organisers say the event will go ahead as planned, but a decision on Sunday's Great Manchester Run "is expected in the next 24 hours" The FA Cup final, EFL play-offs and the PGA Championship are also this week.
The Department for Education met the expense from its overall budget, says the National Audit Office report. In May 2010 there were 203 academies, which are publicly funded independent state schools. By September 2012 some 2,309 schools had converted, representing a growth of 1,307%, and 48% of secondary pupils were attending academies.
Russell Knox is currently 27th in the world rankings. He is playing in the Scottish Open in his home town of Inverness. A win would push him right up the list for Ryder Cup qualification. He says playing in front of an expectant home crowd won't be a hindrance.
The 14-year-old from Blackpool disappeared on 1 November 2003. Her body has never been found. Karen Downes is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing CCTV images. She said the footage could have helped solve the case had it been available earlier.
Police say Mr Bach is being treated as a witness, not a suspect. Officers have found emails from Mr Bach to another senior IOC official. Patrick Hickey was arrested last month and is facing charges. Mr Hickey, ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee, denies all allegations.
Joyce Banda took power following the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika. Malawi had never before had a female vice-president. She refused to endorse his plans for his brother to succeed him as president. She was promptly thrown out of the ruling Democratic Progressive Party.
The 35 ties will be played in the week commencing Monday, 7 August. Hull City and Middlesbrough have been handed a bye into the second round, having finished above Sunderland in the Premier League last season. Forest Green, promoted from the National League, will host MK Dons in their first appearance in the competition.
Two men have pleaded guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime. Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys. They were charged with trying to profit from the theft.Pygmy marmosets - the world's smallest monkey species - command up to A$5,000 on the black market.
Women make up less than one in five senior staff at MI5, MI6 and GCHQ. Parliament's Intelligence and Security Committee wants to change that. They want to see more women in senior roles in the intelligence services. The committee is calling on the government to do more to encourage women to work.
"No matter what terrorists may claim, under no circumstances are indiscriminate acts, or killings ever justified," he said. He added that Muslims and non-Muslims "must stand up against all forms of oppression, hatred and use all our capabilities to try and foster peace in the world" Five people died and 50 were injured in the attack on Westminster Bridge.
The 31-year-old had announced she was expecting her third child in May. She is already a mother to Ruby, nine, and Dexter, eight, from her previous relationship. She and her partner, musician Jonny Powell, have been together for seven years.
Guy Tomlinson, 37, was being chased by officers when his car hit a tipper truck in Leicester on 9 March 2016. David Anger and Christopher Needham, who were both passengers in the car, died in the crash on Fosse Road South. In addition to the prison term, Tomlison was also given a 15-year driving ban at Leicester Crown Court.
Jocelyn McKay, 81, was a cross-dresser and lived as a woman for years. It was only after a trip to Manchester that she realised she needed surgery. Every week three or four people present themselves as transgender to a Belfast clinic. 200 people are currently being treated by the clinic with 50 more on the waiting list.
The new world was found beyond our Solar System, 100 light-years away. It's been named 51 Eridani b and is only 20 million years old. The find was made by the Gemini Planet Imager (GPI), which looks for young planets orbiting bright nearby stars.
More than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event at Newport's Celtic Manor Resort. Police have taken over Rodney Parade sports ground to manage extra policing. Stop the War have organised coaches with peace campaigners being driven in from London, Birmingham, Norwich and Newcastle.
The Sun reported it was offered the images, which included shots of Prince George and Princess Charlotte. A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of an offence under the Computer Misuse Act and later bailed. The Sun said it had been approached by someone using a pseudonym and asking for Â£50,000 within 48 hours.
"Racist" graffiti was found scrawled on a Polish cultural centre in Hammersmith, west London. London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he had asked Scotland Yard to be "extra vigilant" Polish ambassador to Britain expressed shock at what he called incidents of "xenophobic abuse" directed against the Polish community.
Open-side flanker Sam Underhill has been ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury. McCusker made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish last season. The 30-year-old has won 10 caps and joins Ospreys having initially signed for Carmarthen Quins.
convoy was heading to Le Bourget airport when it was raided. Gunmen reportedly armed with Kalashnikov rifles targeted a Mercedes mini-van. They seized 250,000 euros in cash and documents from the Saudi embassy. No shots were fired but the Saudis were later freed.
Sara Cox will be the only woman refereeing at Rio 2016. The 26-year-old turned to refereeing in 2007 after being injured. Cox also referees men's games at semi-professional level in National Two South. There has never been a woman referee in charge of a Premiership rugby match.
Emergency numbers were down and the coastguard lost all radio and telephone links between the mainland for almost five hours. The problems were caused by "blown rectifiers and fuses" at the Wideford Hill radio transmitter on Orkney. A total of eleven flights were cancelled at Sumburgh and one was diverted to Kirkwall.
Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey also referred to "worries about alcohol and drug consumption" at the end of Year 11 event for pupils aged 15-16. Headmaster Chris Beirne said he could no longer "safely manage the risk" associated with the event. A former pupil said the prom was an important milestone and accused the school of overreacting.
The threat posed by Islamic State is one of the main factors pushing the mass migration of people to Europe. 2,000 have gathered in Edirne, trying to cross Turkey's land border with Greece. Mohamed is from the Syrian city of Raqqa, the de facto capital of so-called Islamic State. He is desperate to cross safely into Europe, but unwilling to risk his life.
Professional Darts Corporation chief executive Porter landed the same role with the O's under Barry Hearn in 2006. The 37-year-old left the National League side in October 2014, following Francesco Becchetti's takeover. Porter: "Everyone knows how difficult things have been and that cloud has now been lifted"
"I wasn't 100% sober," she said at an event with fellow Justice Antonin Scalia. She said she "couldn't resist the fine wine" at the dinner which traditionally brings together some of the court's justices before the speech. At 81, Justice Ginsburg is the oldest serving judge on the Supreme Court.
Police said officers from the North West counter terrorism unit searched an address on Peakdale Avenue, Crumpsall, Manchester. The suspect, 26, was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under the Terrorism Act. Police would not comment on the nature of the alleged offence but said it believed it caused "no threat" to the community.
Prime Minister John Key announces he will not seek a fourth term in 2017 election. Deputy Prime Minister Bill English is likely to take over until the National party holds a caucus to choose a new leader. Mr Key denied media reports his wife of 32 years, Bronagh, had given him an ultimatum.
Theresa May has called for parties to unite against "bullying and harassment" Labour claims the Tories ran a "negative, nasty campaign" targeting Diane Abbott. Conservative Simon Hart says there has been a change in attitudes towards MPs. But Momentum dismisses the accusation as "baseless"
The two girls are both described as white and about 17 years old. They are believed to have been picked up by a taxi on 21 September. Anyone with information is asked to call the police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111, or visit www.crimestoppers-uk.org.
The Street & Arrow food truck, in Glasgow's Partick, is to take on additional trainees by March 2017. It plans to expand operations across Scotland to address the social challenges of those with criminal convictions. Scheme has received £208,000 of Scottish government funding. It is based on the successful Homeboy Industries Programme in Los Angeles.
Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his victim in Argyle Street. The 33-year-old Iraqi national fled after being convicted of the attack.Zengana features in a most-wanted list of nine UK suspects thought to be in the Netherlands.
Dallas police say they have received an anonymous threat. SWAT officers were deployed at the main building in central Dallas. A nearby parking lot was searched for a "suspicious person" but no-one was found. On Thursday, five white police officers were shot dead by a black man, Micah Johnson.
Ben Flynn, 24, enticed the boy to his home in Droylsden, Greater Manchester, with promises to use his Playstation and offered to pay his bus fare. At Manchester Minshull Street Crown Court Flynn, of Kings Walk, admitted 13 sex offences including two counts of rape.
The European Space Agency astronaut arrived at the orbiting space lab on Monday, along with two crewmates from Russia and America. The ISS gives the chance to do scientific experiments that cannot be done on Earth, as the station offers an environment of microgravity. Here we run through a few examples of the experiments on Samantha's 'to do' list.
Alison Teal served with a legal notice for her involvement in protests. Sheffield City Council will seek a High Court injunction to stop her. Ms Teal was previously arrested for protesting against the tree removals. Charges against her and 13 others were dropped earlier this year. Council maintain that the removal of street trees is lawful and necessary.
Team Sky riders tweet their support for boss Sir Dave Brailsford. Sir Bradley Wiggins' authorised use of banned drugs to treat a medical condition was released by hackers. Team Sky responded saying that they were a clean team who abide by the rules. Former Team Sky doctor Richard Freeman has also received support.
Snap is renaming itself Snap, Inc. The device, which the company is calling Spectacles, will go on sale later this year priced at $130 (£100) The glasses will record up to 30 seconds of video at a time. Snap is not treating the device as a major hardware launch, rather a fun toy that will have limited distribution.
Guinea-Bissau will make their debut at the Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon. The former Portuguese colony were a Leicester-like long shot when the qualifiers began. They have previously won only four matches in Nations Cup and World Cup qualification combined since first entering international competition just 22 years ago.
Weald of Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks. The Department for Education (DfE) is considering the plans which have the backing of Kent County Council. The law forbids the opening of new grammar schools, but changes made by the coalition government in 2012 allow enlargement of existing schools.
Watford's Etienne Capoue scored early in the second half, but Freddie Hinds and Bobby Reid responded for City. Hornets defender Jose Holebas was sent off in the 88th minute before Niclas Eliasson increased the visitors' lead in stoppage time. Adrian Mariappa scored a 95th-minute consolation as Watford fell to their first defeat under boss Marco Silva.
Two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff at HMP Erlestoke. Prison Officers' Association said the issues surrounded a lack of regime due to insufficient staffing levels. No-one was hurt and those involved in the incident are being investigated by police, the Ministry of Justice said.
Root named player of the year for the men's side after a vote of cricket media. The 24-year-old was left out of the England team for the final Test of the Ashes whitewash in January 2014. Root was last week appointed Test vice-captain by new director of cricket Andrew Strauss.
Posh beat Walsall 1-0 at the ABAX Stadium on Saturday. The win lifts them up to ninth in the Championship table. Posh are five points adrift of the play-off places with 13 games to play. The Posh boss says he will not stop until they are out of the relegation zone.
Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland. The public inquiry in Maidstone is expected to last until 10 June. Councillor Fran Wilson, the Lib Dem leader of the borough council, said it would be "inappropriate" for the authority to comment.
Engineers noticed the track at Wrecclesham, Surrey, was starting to dip after heavy rain. The line is due to reopen on 4 May. Network Rail warned of possible future closures for stabilisation work. A longer term solution is expected to cost millions of pounds.
The officer said he found the black animal toy wearing an officer's shirt at a police station in central London. Scotland Yard promised to look into the matter but the detective was himself investigated for making the story up. He was later cleared at a misconduct hearing and received damages from the force after taking legal action.
Philippines' new president says journalists won't be killed if they don't do anything wrong. He made the comments at a news briefing in his home city, Davao, on Tuesday. The former mayor of Davao was formally declared the next leader on Monday. He will be sworn in on 30 June.
Ben Gerring, 29, was in the water near Mandurah, south of Perth, when the attack occurred on Tuesday afternoon. Western Australia Police said Mr Gerring's injuries were too severe to overcome and he died on Friday night. Surf Lifesaving Western Australia had reportedly issued a warning before the attack, after an unknown species of shark was seen in the area.
Two RNLI vessels rescued the man at 16:10 BST on Saturday. He was taken to hospital in Bangor by a UK Coastguard helicopter. North Wales Police has appealed for witnesses to the incident. The event was to allow people to meet the crew and celebrate their work.
Botswana's reliance on diamonds has come into question. The country is looking to diversify its economy by strengthening existing sectors. The key to Botswana's future diversity, many believe, lies in private sector development, and attracting foreign direct investment. One of the solutions to beefing up diversity in the country's economy may lie with its most abundant animal population.
Kandyce Downer, 35, denies murdering 18-month-old Keegan Downer. More than 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones found on her body. Child also had a "terrible" spiral leg fracture which had gone untreated. Keegan died from a combination of septicaemia, infection and blunt chest trauma.
Ryan Dow scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Coll Donaldson was sent off for St Johnstone in the second half. Kilmarnock's draw with Partick Thistle means the gap between them is down to five points. United's win was their first in Perth in four years.
Kerri McAuley, 32, was found dead at her home in Norwich on 8 January. Joe Storey, 27, had denied murdering her but admitted manslaughter. He was high on cocaine when he punched the mother-of-two after a row about an ex-girlfriend.
Barry McGivern, Scott Fryer and Troy Lacey were travelling to work at Dereham along the A47 Acle Straight, near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. They stopped when they saw what they thought was a broken-down car and some people running along the road. A blaring horn then alerted them to a car upside down in a dyke where they could see a man struggling inside. The unnamed victim, believed to be in his 40s, was trapped by his seatbelt in the crushed car.
Sir Bernard announced the move to reassure the public and deter attackers. The Met has already said the number of armed officers will go up in London by 600 to 2,800. A further 900 armed officers are planned to be in operation for the rest of England and Wales. It may take two years to fully train the 1,500 recruits planned nationally.
The lower house of parliament gave final approval to the bill by 334 votes to 61. The measure guarantees a majority of seats to the party that wins the most votes in an election. It is a key element of a package of reforms promised by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Opposition parties boycotted Monday's vote.
The Dow Jones rose 0.2% to 19,251.78. The wider S&P 500 gained 0.3% to 2,204.71, just missing a new record. Banks performed strongly, with Wells Fargo up 2.2%, Bank of America rising 1.5% and Goldman up 1.2%.
Joseph Smith was not in a booster seat and suffered multiple injuries. Dean Collins was found guilty of causing death and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. The 24-year-old, from St Mellons, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court. He was also handed a three-year sentence for the serious injury charges, which will run concurrently.
The 49-strong team for the event will be at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July. Britain won 31 medals in Doha two years ago, including 13 golds, finishing fourth in the medal table. Six-time world champion David Weir is not included after withdrawing from British Athletics following a fallout with coach Jenni Banks.
Jahangir says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are politically powerful. He has threatened to kill himself unless they are put on trial. The stand taken by Jahangir and his wife could embolden other victims of sexual violence. The case has been picked up by the BBC.
Ben Frost, 27, barricaded himself into his girlfriend's flat in Princetown on Dartmoor on 18 January. He was arrested two hours after breaking through the roof, Plymouth magistrates heard. Unemployed Frost admitted two charges of causing criminal damage and two of threatening behaviour.
Trott hit 175 as Warwickshire totalled 413 at Taunton. Tim Ambrose (63) and Rikki Clarke (57) also scored half-centuries. Young paceman Grant Thornton took two of the four Somerset wickets. Marcus Trescothick was still there at the close on 41, out of 94-4.
Newport County beat Yeovil Town 1-0 at Rodney Parade. Mickey Demetriou scored the only goal of the game. Exiles remain in the League Two relegation zone, a point behind Hartlepool with four matches to play. The Welsh club were bottom of the table and 11 points adrift of safety when Mike Flynn took over from Graham Westley in early March.
The African nation took a first-minute lead, but Grealish quickly levelled. James Ward-Prowse's penalty put England ahead, before Nathan Redmond's screamer gave them a 4-1 half-time lead. Cauley Woodrow's shot was deflected in by a Guinea defender, with the Fulham forward adding two more.
Shadow attorney general Emily Thornberry apologises for tweet. Image showed terraced house with three England flags, and white van outside. Resident of house, Dan Ware, said Ms Thornberry was a "snob" Labour leader Ed Miliband was "angry" at her, a senior figure said.
Richard Carpenter is suing Universal Music and its subsidiary, A&M Records. He claims the labels undercounted revenue from digital downloads of The Carpenters' music. Claim is also filed on behalf of his sister, Karen, who died in 1983. The brother-sister duo won three Grammy Awards in 1970 and 1971.
Myanmar has vast oil and gas reserves similar to that of the North Sea. Visit comes after Myanmar opened up to international trade and investment. Scottish Enterprise chief executive Lena Wilson is leading the delegation. She also chairs Scotland's Energy Jobs Taskforce, set up last year to help tackle the challenges facing the sector.
The Catholic Church has played a key role in the migration crisis. Some priests have defended the rights of the returnees. Others have been criticised for promoting what activists describe as a policy of division. Pope Francis has designated 2016 as the "Year of Mercy" and certainly Jesuits have been instrumental.
Sayes Court will double in size and provide an additional 210 places by September 2015. Surrey County Council said it needs to "bridge a Â£215m funding gap" for 13,000 places. Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places.
Linganzi signed a one-month deal at Fratton Park on Monday. He made his debut against Coventry in the EFL Cup 24 hours later. O'Brien returns for a second spell at Portsmouth, having left in 2010. The 24-year-old has previously played for Barnet, Brentford and Dagenham.
Rob Herring, Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor are available to face Zebre. Nick Williams, Luke Marshall and Ian Humphreys could also return against the Italians. Sammy Arnold will be sidelined for up to three weeks with a hamstring tear. Dan Tuohy will have exploratory surgery on a "significant" ankle fracture.
The Corn Exchange pub in Crickhowell is to be turned into a convenience store. Last week 200 people attended a protest over the plan. The final decision on the application will be taken by Brecon Beacons National Park Authority.Neither the park authority nor Punch Taverns were represented at the meeting.
Blair Alston opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time. John Baird netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break. Derek Lyle pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish. Iain Russell's strike levelled the scores in stoppage time.
Federal Opposition calls for 10,000 more places for refugees from the Middle East. Treasurer Josh Frydenberg calls for temporary housing of Syrian and Iraqi asylum seekers. New South Wales Premier Mike Baird calls for more to be done. Australia has accepted about 4,500 people fleeing Syria's conflict under its current commitment of 13,750 refugees for 2015.
Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead announced the move earlier this month. He said he would use the amendment to request Scotland be excluded from European consents for the cultivation of GM crops. Almost 30 scientists have signed an open letter seeking an urgent meeting with Mr Lochhead to discuss their concerns.
St Clare's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil's family. Muslim Women's Network UK said the school was not at fault as young girls are not required to wear headscarves. Birmingham City Council is supporting the school to ensure its policies are appropriate.
Alexander Reid repeatedly told Department of Work and Pensions staff he was single. But in reality he was living with his wife Kathleen Reid, despite having claimed to be separated. The 59-year-old, from Dundee, was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court. He had denied a charge under the Social Security Administration Act.
Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, 79, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing, last July after the 79-year-old ran into the back of his vehicle. Mr Lock's family said the manslaughter verdict brought to a close the "most horrific 10 months of our lives and brings some sort of justice for Dad"
ONS head of national accounts Darren Morgan said: "The economy has experienced a notable slowdown in the first half of this year" Film production in the UK, plus box-office receipts from cinemas, was one of the best performing parts of the economy during the period. IMF downgraded its forecast for UK economic growth this year because of the weak first-quarter figure.
30,000 tickets have been sold for Saturday's FA Cup final between Chelsea and Notts County. The match will be the first to be played at Wembley, which is home to the national team. Chelsea are aiming to win their first piece of silverware in the competition.
Former Tory MP defeated UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill to lead the party's seven-strong assembly group. Nigel Farage said he was "not particularly in favour of Mr Hamilton's return to the front line, aged nearly 70" Mr Hamilton replied: "If Attenborough can still survive in a jungle of wild animals and predators at 90, I'm sure I'll be fine"
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League. Chelsea will be champions if they win at Arsenal and Leicester in their next two matches.
Wales' Older People's Commissioner will hear from pensioners and their families. The evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers and public bodies. Ms Rochira said she would highlight good care but also show the impact of poor care. The chair of Care Forum Wales, Mario Kreft, said he was disappointed no-one from the sector was on the panel.
Mr Evans joined the civil service in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary to the Welsh Government. He will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October. Mr Evans was educated at Ysgol Penweddig, Aberystwyth and Swansea University. He was director of Business in the Community Wales, from 2008 and 2010.
Mewn cam annisgwyl, wrth siarad o flaen 10 Downing Street, dywedodd fod y wlad. Mae'r wlad yn dod at ei gilydd ond dyw San Steffan ddim. Mrs May bod y pleidiau eraill yn gwneud eu gorau.
Project will examine hair, bone and other material from a collection amassed by a Swiss biologist. Material claimed to be from such creatures have never been subjected to modern scientific techniques. Researchers will apply a systematic approach and employ the latest advances in genetic testing, aiming to publish in peer-reviewed scientific journals.
Uefa report blames "gaps in communication" between Wada and two of its laboratories. Sakho tested positive for the fat burner higenamine in March 2017 and served a provisional 30-day suspension. The France international has not played for Liverpool since testing positive and moved to Palace on loan in February.
The Council for Science and Technology (CST) wants "public good" GM varieties to be grown and tested in the UK. It says GM crops should be assessed individually - like pharmaceuticals - taking potential benefits into account. A new UK regulator similar to NICE (the National Institute for Health and Care Excellence) should be set up.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there.
Maj-Gen Yair Golan said he detected trends in Israeli society suggestive of "nauseating processes" that occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany. Mr Netanyahu said the comments were outrageous, cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm to Israel. Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said he had "total confidence" in Gen Golan.
Most of S4C's £80m budget comes from the licence fee. In February 2016 ministers said funding would stay at £6.7m in 2016-17. Wales Office does not expect the investigation to be completed until the end of 2017. MP Mark Williams: "There is cross-party concern about the delay"
ScotRail said the Glasgow Queen Street Station tunnel would be closed from 20 March until 8 August. The work is part of a Â£60m upgrade project that will allow faster and longer trains to use the station. Services will divert to low-level platforms or Glasgow Central, bringing timetable changes.
John Jay Moores is on the verge of securing a £50m deal for Liverpool. The takeover would see the former San Diego Padres owner take an 80% stake in the Championship club. Moores' consortium were previously interested in buying Premier League side Everton, and the potential new owners met club staff last week.
The overall national picture for GCSE grades is very similar to last year. The proportion getting A* to C grades has nudged up from 68.8% to 69%. That represents an improvement for more than 10,000 exam entries. But the overall message is that there is "stability" in the results.
The IMF last week made its second cut to global growth forecasts this year. The global outlook was fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks including a UK exit from the EU. The IMF now predicts global growth of 3.2% this year and 3.5% in 2017.
Donald Trump, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will take the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night with seven rivals. Fox News selected the 10 most popular Republicans based on five national polls. Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum reacted angrily to his omission. The main debate takes place four hours later at 9pm local time (01:00 GMT)
Genge made his senior debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup. The 21-year-old joined Leicester on loan in February, making five appearances. He is one of four uncapped players in the England squad for the summer Tests. Genge is in the squad for Saturday's Test at home to Wales and the June tour of Australia.
The new system will be introduced in October 2015. It will be used to replace the old system. The new system is expected to cost around £1.5 million a year. The old system cost £2.5 billion a year to run. It has been replaced by a new system costing around £3.5billion.
Worcestershire have scored eight centuries in their two Championship matches. Moeen Ali, Joe Clarke, Brett D'Oliveira and Tom Kohler-Cadmore have all reached three figures. England and Wales Cricket Board made the move in an attempt to improve the standard of pitches.
The social media company has bought up more than 200 acres of Silicon Valley. No official plans appear to have been drawn up and Facebook may not move in for a number of years but it is considering building the town. The company and other computer industries have been blamed for pushing up house prices.
Bailey died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October. The 16-year-old accused - who cannot be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at Aberdeen Sheriff Court. He is also charged with having a blade or point on school premises. He made no plea, was fully committed and remanded in custody.
The 25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008, making 160 appearances for the club and turned down a new deal to join the Saddlers. The contract signed by former Chester loanee Roberts includes the option of a further year in the League One club's favour.
Wa-ays Dhaye, 18, died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked in Thurston Street, Slough, in August. He was walking home after spending the day at Notting Hill Carnival. Khianni Gordon was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder. Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke were given 10 and 9 years for manslaughter.
People seem determined to hold on to the feel-good factor which has been so evident since the start of the Olympics at the end of July. The atmosphere was amazing with the crowd, made up of fans, Games Makers and security staff, dancing and singing along and imploring the musicians, who were playing brass instruments, to keep playing.
Kurdish leaders in the already autonomous north are threatening to break away and declare outright independence. And the militants of the self-styled Islamic State (IS) have declared their intention to eradicate all the region's frontiers. The future as unitary states of both Syria and Iraq - central to the Sykes-Picot project - is up in the air.
The 19-year-old moved to Glasgow a year ago and has played in more than 40 games for the Scottish champions. Roberts intends to return to City to battle for a place in the first team. Celtic have put together a run of 25 unbeaten domestic matches. If they avoid defeat against St Johnstone on Wednesday, they will equal the record of 26 set by the Lisbon Lions in the 1966-67 season.
Premier League teams spent a record £1.38bn on transfers in the 2016-17 season - a 43% increase on transfer spending from the 2014-15 season. In both League One and League Two the total spending on agents and intermediaries decreased. Manchester City now top the Premier League list with £26,3m, up from £12.4m, followed by Chelsea, who have also more than doubled their spending.
Gilmartin, 30, has signed an undisclosed-length deal after leaving the Hornets. His most recent senior match in England came for Plymouth in January 2013. The former Luton, Barnet and Oldham player found himself as number two to Sam Walker, who played every league game last season. Gilmartin will coach keepers Walker and Dillon Barnes.
Tor is the most popular software available for gaining access to the dark web. It hides your identity by pinging your connection around many different servers across the world. The US government has done more than any other to keep Tor alive. More than 97% of Tor users use the site in every month.
John and Elizabeth Knott were found dead at their home in August. Each had died from a single shotgun wound. Inquest heard Mrs Knott had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease. The inquest also heard Mr Knott was concerned by plans to move on to land next to their home.
Scotland's early lead had gone, the sides were level at 1-1 and the frailties at the heart of their defence were evident again. Scotland enjoyed 72.5% possession in that opening half and their dominance of the ball wasn't reflected on the scoreboard. At 2-1, they had retaken control of the game, then they benefited from a horrific refereeing error that gave them a penalty.
James Vaughan opened the scoring for Bury in the 16th minute. Tom Pope doubled the home side's lead on 40 minutes. Stuart Beavon pulled one back for rock-bottom Coventry City. Bury are four points above the bottom four after taking 13 points from 15.
Vietnam is the first country in the world to send its citizens back to the U.S. after a decade. The U.N. says the move is in the name of human rights. The move has been condemned by many who say it is a violation of the right to freedom of speech.
The Spaniard, 23, started on pole but slipped to fifth place after an early technical issue. Marquez recovered and overtook Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to go. Rossi struggled to close down Marquez's lead and fell behind defending champion Jorge Lorenzo to finish in third.
Glover and Swann won three World Cup events together last season. The 27-year-old won the world title in South Korea with Swann last year. Glover says there could be some tough decisions for the Great Britain selectors as to who partners her in the coxless pair.
Former Lib Dem leader accuses Tories of ditching their commitment to civil liberties. He also criticises his former partners' "swagger" over the EU referendum. A contest to replace Mr Clegg is under way after the election left his party with just eight MPs. He said it was "an unaccustomed surprise" to speak in the Commons without being greeted by a "disobliging wall of noise" from the opposition benches.
Output rose 9.3% from a year ago, which was up from March's figure of 8.9% but below market forecasts for a 9.5% rise.Fixed-asset investment also weakened in the first four months of 2013. A separate survey suggested that manufacturing activity, a subset of industrial production, grew at a slower pace in April.
Microsoft's R&D strategy is paying off with the success of Kinect. Kinect turns a player's body into a games controller for the XBox. The company has seven different research groups at its three main labs. Some are working on voice recognition, others on motion sensors and other technologies.
Labour have outperformed every single Wales-only poll over the course of the campaign - and the exit poll - achieving their highest share of the vote in Wales since 1997. The Conservatives also saw their vote share increase across Wales by 6.3%, but this was not enough for them to hold off Labour's surge in Wales.
Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to feature against Wycombe Wanderers on Saturday. Tshibola, 20, came through the Royals' academy system and signed his first professional contract last summer. Bingham, 21, joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer.
Polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 15 constituencies. Results are expected to be declared after midnight on Thursday. For the latest news from all the counts on Merseyside, go to our election live service or check the results on your constituency profile page.
The poster with the phrase #prayforjosh appeared in Holywood by the A2 within the last week. It is part of a social media campaign supporting 13-year-old Joshua Martin, from Donaghadee, County Down. It began as a hashtag on Facebook and Instagram by Bangor Elim Church and has since gone viral.
The annual celebratory march, now in its 43rd year, stopped for a minute to remember the victims shot dead in a gay nightclub in Orlando. For the first time, the Red Arrows will fly past the march and a rainbow flag is flying at Parliament. Secretary of State for International Development Justine Greening announced she is in a same-sex relationship.
GKN Aerospace in Yeovil, Somerset, makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters. Leonardo, which assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town, has told GKN it plans to take production in-house. The firm said the current arrangement was "no longer sustainable"
Matthew Gillard pleaded not guilty to charges including kidnapping and false imprisonment. He also denied charges of common assault, assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously. The charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April. The 25-year-old will appear again in court on 1 May.
Nato documents reveal how the UK claimed Rockall in 1955. The government feared it could be used by "hostile agents" to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range. The rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles (418km) west of the Western Isles and is only 30m (100ft) wide.
Sir Peter Blake received Liverpool's Citizen of Honour at a ceremony. He also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled Everybody Razzle Dazzle. The 84-year-old said he hopes Liverpool people will accept him as an "honorary Scouser"
The 25-year-old joined Alfreton from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May. He has only made five appearances for the Minstermen. Mooney's first stint in professional football in England was at Wycombe and he spent time at Conference North side Oxford City.
Scientists in the UK are measuring the effect of new bioenergy crops on soil carbon. The UK Climate Change Act 2008 obliges governments to deliver an 80% reduction in greenhouse gas emission from 1990 levels by 2050. UK Renewable Energy Roadmap says measures being introduced will "ensure that low-carbon electricity from a diverse range of sources"
The Office for Budget Responsibility has forecast a deficit of £7bn in 2019-20. But the IMF says it is being too optimistic about growth and tax revenues. This means whoever leads the next government may be forced to increase taxes or cut spending a bit more than currently planned.
The new series of BBC One's Watchdog starts on 8 October. It will be the first time in 12 years that the show has had a new presenter. The new presenter is Michelle Ackerley, who has worked on the show since 2005. She says she is "thrilled" to be joining the new team.
Domenico Scala is a member of Fifa's Ad-Hoc Electoral Committee. He is Swiss-Italian - as is Gianni Infantino, one of the five presidential candidates. Scala excused himself from the 2015 elections as he shared nationality with a candidate, Swiss Sepp Blatter. LFA boss Musa Bility says he will go to the Court of Arbitration for Sport.
Yiannoulla Yianni, 17, was attacked while home alone in Hampstead, north London. DNA samples from the scene matched to the former tiler in December last year. The case was one of the Met Police's unsolved murders. The court heard the Met got a "lucky break" when Warnock was arrested over indecent images.
New report shows licence money spending had a positive knock-on effect for regional economies. Total expenditure over the two-year period came to £4.3bn. London saw the biggest expenditure of £2.98bn - three times as much as the rest of the UK combined.
Ding extends lead to 10-2 in the second round of the World Cup of Snooker. The world No. 1 is bidding to win a fifth title in a row. He had to fight back from a point down in the first round to take the lead. The final round will be played on Thursday.
Security assistance has been withheld since 2011, when the Gulf state put down mass Shia-led protests. The move was quickly criticised by rights groups, including Human Rights Watch. The U.S. State Department said it would continue to press Bahrain on human rights concerns, but gave no further details.
The ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence. It was signed by John Lennon and Ringo Starr. The band were supported at the now defunct venue by Ricky Lee and the Hucklebucks. The ticket is being auctioned by Bonhams on 3 July.
The Public Accounts Committee says there has been a "systemic failing" in support to young people leaving foster care or children's homes. Its chair Meg Hillier MP says young adults are "let down by the system that's supposed to support them" The government says it is committed to improving the lives of care leavers.
The Association of Teachers and Lecturers voted to monitor the policing of the requirement, introduced in England by the government last year. Southend head teacher Robin Bevan said he had concerns about how the values "might be interpreted by a future right-wing government" He accused the rules on British values as "deeply ill-considered" and "political posturing"
Keith Davies, 56, from Troedyrhiw, has not been seen since Saturday. South Wales Police had appealed for information following his disappearance. On Monday, the force confirmed a body has been found but has not yet been formally identified. Mr Davies' family has been informed.
Benedict Cumberbatch has apologised for using the word 'coloured' on a US TV show. He used the word to describe black actors in a wider discussion about diversity in the film industry. Selma star David Oyelowo says he has spoken to Cumberbatch about the controversy. He says he does not think the negative publicity will harm Cumberbatch's career.
2014 Supreme Court ruling widened the definition of who was subject to the Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards. Law Commission says services cannot cope and deadlines are "routinely breached" Government commissioned the report and said it would review the law. Commission wants to replacing the law with a new scheme called the Liberty Protection Safeguard.
The group is expected to make a profit of around $1.5 billion. The group has a history of failing to make it to the top of the stock market. The company has been in and out of the headlines in recent years. It is expected that the group will make it back to the U.S. in the next few months.
The find spans adjacent blocks operated separately by the two companies. It has been flow-tested at a maximum rate of 5,350 barrels per day. GDF Suez has already built up more than 50 licences in the Central and Southern North Sea and West of Shetland. BP is undertaking a Â£10bn investment programme in the North Sea.
Mercedes are understood to be against supplying Red Bull. Mercedes do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive. Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene says he is not concerned about their reputation for being able to build highly-competitive chassis in F1. Red Bull are contracted to Renault until 2016.
The Carnival Triumph docked in Mobile, Alabama, at 21:15 (03:15 GMT Friday) Disembarking the passengers took more than four hours and many still faced a long bus journey to New Orleans or to the port of departure, Galveston. Passengers reported sewage on the floors, poor sanitation and lack of access to toilets.
England scrum-half Danny Care claimed a hat-trick. Luke Wallace crossed twice as Quins booked a home semi-final against Grenoble. Irish ran in three tries through Fergus Mulchrone, Brendan McKibbin and Sean Maitland. Montpellier, who beat Sale on Friday night, will play Newport Gwent Dragons.
Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications. The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan. Two main areas have already been deemed suitable for development in Guernsey. 10 further areas are under consideration as "local centres", where development will be encouraged.
The village does not have a cinema, but will hold the events in a local hotel. The village's Ruthven Road is mentioned in a line in the film delivered by Janet de Vigne, from Edinburgh.Directed by Danny Boyle, Slumdog Millionaire won eight Oscars in 2009.
Somerset closed on 348-6, an advantage of 203 runs. Middlesex were bowled out for 381 at Taunton to lead by 145. Trescothick, who made 124, and Trego, still there on 115, shared 181.
Report ordered by the government after claims some Muslim groups were trying to take control in some schools. Birmingham council has released its own report, disagreeing with Mr Clarke. Council leader Sir Albert Bore admitted the council failed to act for fear of being seen as racist or Islamophobic.
Venezuela is in the middle of a deep economic crisis caused by a drop in global oil prices. The country is suffering from a shortage of basic goods, food and electricity. Earlier this year, the government introduced power rationing and a two-day working week for public sector workers.
Vietnam has a culture of giving envelopes to secure better service. The number of people who give envelopes doubled in the three years from 2007-2010. Five big hospitals in Hanoi launched a campaign in October 2011 to bolster ethical behaviour among staff, including a "Say no to envelopes" policy. But for many, the line between a gift and a bribe has become blurred.
Daniel Filmus, Argentina's minister for the islands - called the Malvinas locally - announced the case in London. Falkland Oil and Gas, Premier Oil, Rockhopper, Edison International and Noble Energy are involved. UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond accused the Argentines of "outrageous bullying"
Mako Vunipola and his brother Billy started their rugby careers at Thornbury. The pair were both junior members at the club in South Gloucestershire. Mako has won 29 caps for England and Billy 23, with both playing for Saracens.
Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy. She was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living. She attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day, two of them raw. The world's oldest human being is now Jamaican Violet Brown, who was born in 1900.
Owens' team suffered a record European defeat as they conceded nine tries in a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering in Paris. New Zealand's World Rugby player of the year Dan Carter kicking six goals and organising the demolition. Wales international Owens believes Racing will be hard to beat.
The scores were level at the break with Theo Fages and Matty Smith crossing for the visitors and Alex Mellor and Patrick Ah Van going over for Widnes. Saints had a Luke Thompson try ruled out by the video ref at 14-12 up, before Ah Van's decisive score gave Widnes a vital two points.
Ashley Brace, from Ebbw Vale, Blaenau Gwent, could not compete at the Commonwealth Games because of her kickboxing past. She said she was unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association. The Association of International Boxing Associations said Brace was ineligible to compete for Team Wales because she had competed in professional kickboxing in the past.
Maria Sharapova beats Roberta Vinci in her first match since a 15-month ban for taking the banned drug meldonium. The former world number one will move up to the cusp of the top 500, but her ambitions for the week will stretch further. She may have to negotiate an extra three matches of qualifying at Roland Garros and Wimbledon.
Djokovic won 6-3 7-5 in a largely commanding performance. The 29-year-old has now won seven titles this year. Djokovic was beaten in the third round at Wimbledon by Sam Querrey. He will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics.
Falkirk drew 2-2 with Cowdenbeath in their first Championship game of the season. Bairns boss says he wants to bring in a more experienced striker. Bia-Bi scored a fine header to keep Falkirk on level terms. The Blue Brazil face Rangers on Friday night.
Hollande says the EU has become too complex and remote. He will tell EU leaders at a meeting in Brussels later that they must focus on boosting the economy. The three big pro-EU centrist blocs are still on course for a majority. But they have lost seats to parties seeking to curb EU powers or abolish the union.
Labour says the target has not been met, with the latest figures showing net migration rose to 298,000 for the year ending in September 2014. He said the target to cut net migration to the UK could not be achieved as long as Britain remained a member of the EU. Mr Farage said: "When Cameron made that promise he was being wilfully dishonest"
Home secretary says renewal of Trident would show Britain is committed to Nato. She says there is a "rapidly changing terrorist threat" from ISIS and Boko Haram. But she disputes the suggestion the UK no longer needs a nuclear deterrent. Labour is split over Trident, with Jeremy Corbyn opposing its renewal.
Communities Secretary Eric Pickles calls weekly bin collections a "basic right" But Labour's Hilary Benn says the funding would be better spent on children's centres and elderly care. Councils have until mid-March to bid for funding, which will be available from April.
Ditched enclosures were concealed for centuries by bamboo-dominated rainforest until modern deforestation allowed the discovery of more than 450 large geometrical "geoglyphs" The team said the function of these mysterious sites is still little understood. They are unlikely to be villages, since archaeologists have recovered very few artefacts during excavation.
A first half dominated by the forwards ended with the hosts taking an 8-4 lead thanks to Carlos Tuimavave's late try. But, within a minute of the restart, the French side led when Richie Myler scored after a flowing move from deep. Liam Watts pounced to touch down to put the Black and Whites ahead again, but Walsh kicked Catalans to victory.
Hobbit star's latest album is a collaboration with Italian symphonic metal band, Rhapsody Of Fire. Two of the songs come from the Don Quixote musical Man of La Mancha, which was a Broadway smash in the 1960s. The album also includes an ear-splitting version of Frank Sinatra's My Way - originally written by Paul Anka.
Cardiff City manager Ole Gunnar Solskjaer has been sacked. The Bluebirds finished bottom of the Championship for the first time in their history. Fans were disappointed with the Norwegian's style of play. The club's Malaysian owner Vincent Tan is expected to appoint a new manager.
Allardyce took charge of the Black Cats in October when they were winless in their opening eight matches, but guided them to 17th and safety. The former West Ham and Bolton boss says the club must learn from its mistakes this campaign. Allardyce added that he plans to discuss transfer targets with owner Ellis Short in the next few days.
He retained his position with 41,337 votes, ahead of Conservative Matthew Vickers, who received 25,229. Total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73% of the electorate, which was up 5% from the 2012 election. More information is available on the Choose my PCC website.
The Monarch had earlier been at Musselburgh Racecourse's 200th birthday celebrations. The 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s. In 1580, King James VI of Scotland gifted the landlord an ornate ram's head snuff box.
Stephen Paul Copoc was born on 1 August 1968, and was aged 20 years when he died at Hillsborough. His niece, Ms Natalie Tennant, made a statement to the inquests on behalf of his brother, Peter Copoc. She said: 'Stephen was such a joy to all of us. He was popular with teachers and made friends, having the ability to also keep friends'
Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton was convicted of killing Jennifer Laude. She was found dead in a hotel room in Olongapo city, north-west of Manila. The case has strained ties between the US and the Philippines, a former US colony where the Americans have a significant military presence.
Evidence of suspected match-fixing in elite tennis revealed this week. BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation revealed evidence of suspected fixers. doubles representative Fleming says if anyone is found to be doing it, they should be banned. Fleming and partner Jonathan Erlich beaten in first round of Australian Open.
Pte Manning, formerly known as Bradley, was sentenced to 35 years in military prison. The US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military. Pte Manning has requested treatment, including hormone therapy, and the ability to live as a woman. A local judge in Leavenworth, Kansas, approved her name change request.
No 10 rubbishes claims of a rift with George Osborne, saying he still has PM's full confidence. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has called for Mr Osborne's resignation. Conservative MPs have spoken out against the leadership. Lord Howard urged MPs to "listen to what the prime minister has to say"
Watson, 22, was seeded eighth in the tournament but lost 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101. The British number one converted just one of seven break points in the first set. Watson's early departure comes less than a month after her first-round defeat in straight sets at the US Open.
South Korean grandfather Chan Jae, 75, uses Instagram to draw for his grandchildren. His account, Drawings for my Grandchildren, has more than 40,000 followers. It was the brainchild of his son Ji Lee, a creative director at Facebook, which owns Instagram. Ji Lee told his father's story through a video on Facebook which went viral.
Lewis Hamilton was the fastest of the silver cars, despite a mistake-strewn final lap. Team-mate Nico Rosberg, who has a golden opportunity to close the title race deficit, was 0.107secs slower. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was second fastest, followed by Sebastian Vettel.
McClean was released by Nottingham Forest at the end of last season. Midfielder has now signed a one year deal at McDiarmid Park. McClean has been included in Northern Ireland's squad for their opening Euro Under-21 qualifier in Estonia on Thursday.
In the last decade alone they've bought up Pixar, Marvel and Lucas Films which owned The Star Wars empire. Michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent itself "like the Royal Family". He told Radio 4's The World at One that Disney has been successful at selling itself by doing things "in an ambivalent way"
Figures from the university admissions service, Ucas, show it was the highest number for five years. Students placed through clearing tend to be those who did not get the grades for their favoured courses. But a dip in university applications has left universities looking to fill more places than usual.
Phosphorus is an irreplaceable element for all life forms - but it is only since the 19th century that humans have been systematically using it to boost agricultural production. Researchers say that to meet the projected demand for grassland in 2050, the amounts of phosphorus used will have to grow more than fourfold from 2005 levels.
The average price of a detached home in Vancouver is more than $1 million. Canada's new Conservative government is looking to restrict foreign investment in the country's housing market. The government is also looking to limit the amount of money Canadians can withdraw from their retirement accounts to pay for new homes.
Harry Maceachen was born with biliary atresia, which meant he had blocked bile ducts. He had a transplant before his first birthday but that liver had begun to fail. His father Simon donated part of his liver after no suitable match was found. Harry underwent the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children's Hospital.
Haley McTaggart, 33, admitted getting her charity Alice's Escapes to pay Â£2,000 for her to go on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. Alice Pyne, 17, of Ulverston, died of Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2013 after publishing her wish list.
Luke Richardson sent 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex. He was also given a sexual harm prevention order and will be on the register for life. He had previously been dismissed by the force after he visited schools without authorisation. But he was found to have gone to a sixth form while wearing police uniform.
ScotRail said the RMT would now present the proposal to its members in a company-wide vote. The company said discussions had also taken place with Aslef, the train drivers' union, and a similar in-principle agreement reached. The RMT said it would make its position clear once the proposed deal was discussed by its national executive on Tuesday.
The humpback has been seen at Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn in Fife. Police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a safe distance from the whale. Endangered species such as dolphins, porpoises and whales are protected by wildlife legislation. It is an offence to intentionally or recklessly disturb them.
Panthers kept alive their title hopes and closed the gap on leaders Devils to four points. Two goals from Matthew Myers put Panthers in control before Joey Martin replied. Franklin MacDonald, Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey's two goals secured the win. The sides meet again in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday.
Williams was the first black woman to be named Miss America in 1983. She resigned after a magazine published nude photos of her without her consent. Now 52, she has forged a career as an actress, with major roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives. She also scored a global hit in 1992 with the ballad Save the Best for Last.
The decommissioned Type 22 frigates HMS Cumberland, HMS Campbeltown, HMS Chatham and HMS Cornwall are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour. Bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the former Devonport-based ships. The BBC understands no proposals to preserve the ships have been submitted.
SSE submitted a "needs case" as part of the planning process for the cable. Energy regulator Ofgem has asked for further details to be submitted. The project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated Â£780m. The interconnector would export electricity to the mainland for distribution.
Johan Gustafsson, 42, is being flown back to Sweden from Africa. He was seized by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) along with two other men. One of them, Sjaak Rijke, was freed in a dawn raid in 2015.
Wigan Athletic beat Blackburn Rovers 3-0 at the DW Stadium. Goals from Nick Powell, Michael Jacobs and Shane Duffy. Latics win their first home game of the season. Rovers remain bottom of the Championship with just one point. Owen Coyle's side have now conceded seven goals in two games.
Academics said treating the condition was complex and "poor management" can lead to medical emergencies. Welsh government helped to fund the research, which studied 1,577 Welsh children with the condition. It has launched a strategy, Together for Health - a Diabetes Action Plan, to improve health care.
Nottingham Forest held to 1-1 draw at home to Preston North End. Simon Makienok scored just his second league goal of the season. Thomas Lam's volley went in via the post and Chris Maxwell saved. Preston defender Alex Baptiste denied Apostolos Vellios in dying minutes.
David Vallenilla, 22, was shot dead by military police in Caracas on Thursday. He says he once worked with the president on Caracas' transport system. He called on his "former colleague" to clear his son's name. The president has said firearms must not be used on protesters.
Dozens of former IRA members were interviewed in Belfast and other cities and towns from 2001-2006. Details about internal politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape. Each interview was transcribed, sent by encrypted email to New York and then sent to Boston College, where it was placed under lock and key.
Tortoise taken from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk, Lancashire. The exotic pet, which is 12 months old, has a vulnerable shell. The shop appealed for information on Facebook, saying it was concerned about its "specific care requirements"
Some of the birds at the undisclosed premises in Lincolnshire have died. The rest are due to be culled. It is the third confirmed diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in about four weeks. A 1.8-mile protection zone and a six-mile surveillance area have been set up around the turkey rearing farm.
More than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year. The UNHCR said forced returns had "continued unabated" despite an agreement earlier this month. Cameroon has rejected the accusation and said people returned willingly. Many of the returnees are now settled in the Banki camp for internally displaced people.
Annie Woodland, 24, suffered brain damage in the incident at Gloucester Park Pool in Basildon. A teacher and a pool life guard both failed to realise she was in trouble. Family has successfully sued Essex County Council who said it did not comment on individual cases but had noted the High Court judgement.
Carayol signed a two-year extension to his contract at Middlesbrough last month. The 26-year-old is back to full fitness after suffering a cruciate knee ligament injury. Carayol is targeting an appearance for The Scorpions in the forthcoming qualifiers for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations.
Presidential election is scheduled for 15 July. At least 70 people have died and 150,000 people have fled the country. The UN has said media restrictions and violence are not conducive to free, credible elections. The CNDD FDD won 77 out of 100 elected seats in parliament.
Savings rates plummeted after the Bank of England slashed its base rate in the financial crisis. Since last autumn, as the economic outlook has worsened, they have fallen again. Tax-free Isas, fixed rate bonds and easy access accounts are all at or near their lowest points.
The distinctive red bridge has carried trains over the Forth since 1890. It measures 2,529m, weighs 53,000 tonnes and was at the time the world's longest multi-span cantilever bridge. The award puts it alongside the Pyramids of Egypt, the great Wall of China and the Sydney Opera House.
Scotland have failed to qualify for the 2014 World Cup and sit fifth in their group. Manager Gordon Strachan's contract runs out at the end of the current campaign. The SFA released a statement on Thursday saying they would not be paying the manager. Scotland face Slovenia at Hampden Park in their final World Cup qualifier in March.
Jatropha curcas is a plant that originated in Central America and is very well adapted to harsh conditions including extremely arid deserts. One hectare of jatropha could capture up to 25 tonnes of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere every year. Plantation that would cover three percent of the Arabian desert would absorb all the CO2 produced by cars and trucks over a 20 year period.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said voters had "48 hours to get the Tories out" Gordon Brown said the SNP stood for "divide and rule" The Lib Dems said voters should stick with them and the Scottish Tories said a vote for them was a vote to keep the UK intact.
Widow and supporters have repeatedly accused France of masterminding his 1987 killing because he was a Marxist revolutionary. He was killed by soldiers in a hail of bullets shortly before a meeting of his cabinet in Burkina Faso's capital, Ouagadougou. A judge has formally asked French authorities to declassify military documents to see whether France had played a role in the assassination.
People had gathered on the bridge to watch emergency services rescue a man who had jumped into the Sanvordem river. The bridge was reportedly more than 60 years old and was banned from use. Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he was also monitoring the rescue operation.
Only London ranked worse than Scotland's largest cities in the survey of the UK's roads by Inrix Roadway Analytics. It found that the jams could cost drivers in Scotland £5.1bn in wasted time over the next decade. In their survey of 123 cities across Europe, London was found to have more traffic "pinch points" than any other city.
John Kane filmed more than 60 women in the Central Retail Park and a nearby supermarket last July. The 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a nearby Next store. Kane tried to flush a memory card down the toilet at a police station after being arrested for drink driving. He was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing on 30 March.
Police were alerted by a call made from inside one of the houses. The property was found to have padlocks and chains on the outside. People found inside said they had not had any food or water for three days. One man told officers that they had been driven to the houses from the Rio Grande river which marks the border between Texas and Mexico.
Foster and Swanson were both sent off during the second half. The Perth club has suspended the team-mates pending a club investigation. Manager Martin Canning says he would rather be talking about his side. Hamilton moved off bottom spot in the table thanks to a late Alex D'Acol goal.
Sam Smith has six nominations including best new artist. His single Stay With Me is also up for best pop performance and record of the year. The Grammy Awards is one of the most prestigious music ceremony's in the world. He topped the BBC's Sound of 2014 in January.
Eid al-Fitr means: 'festival of the breaking of the fast' and is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year. Muslims often celebrate by praying, giving gifts and having a big feast with family and friends. The date Eid falls on is decided by the cycle of the moon, and this year it's on Sunday evening.
Officers were called to a house in Whitmore Reans, Wolverhampton. A 17-year-old boy was found with stab wounds. Minutes later a shotgun was fired twice in nearby Deveron Close. Police believe the men, who have now been bailed, were linked to both incidents.
Vikki Thompson, 21, was found dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015. She wrote to her partner saying: "I know I'm going to do something silly" Miss Thompson had identified as female since she was 10 years old. She did not have a Gender Recognition Certificate establishing her female identity.
Accountant in Bankruptcy (AiB) reported 2,405 insolvencies between April and June. There were 1,144 bankruptcies, which was up 14.7% on the previous quarter and 51.1% more than a year ago. AiB said the figures showed a "return to trend"
Two members of teaching staff and a farmer were also injured in the accident. One of the children, Ben, said he was frightened and the other children were crying. The children were on a trip at Hills Farm in Edingley, Nottinghamshire. Nottinghamshire Police is investigating the incident, rather than the Health and Safety Executive.
Britain take a 2-1 lead in the best-of-five Davis Cup tie against Belgium. Andy Murray and Jamie Murray beat David Goffin and Steve Darcis in doubles. James Ward and Ruben Bemelmans are also in contention for a place in the final.
Two heavyweights fight for the IBF title and vacant WBA belt at Wembley. Joshua, 27, says his 13 weeks of preparation have been "tougher times than I have had in any walk of life" Klitschko, 41, lost his heavyweight title to Tyson Fury in November 2015.
Tens of thousands of pilgrims join him for the Way of the Cross ceremony, recalling Jesus' crucifixion. Among the cross bearers were Syrian and Iraqi refugees, and Nigerians who had escaped Boko Haram persecution. The service came a day after almost 150 people were killed in an al-Shabab attack on a Kenyan university.
James Holmes, 24, is accused of opening fire at a midnight showing of the new Batman movie last Friday, killing 12 and wounding 58. A heavily pregnant 21-year-old woman who escaped the cinema shootings gave birth to a baby boy on Tuesday morning. Batman star Christian Bale visited victims at the Medical Center of Aurora in the afternoon, the hospital's president confirmed.
The swarm first appeared over a week ago near the low-lying city of Santa Cruz. It has spread quickly, destroying pasture and fields of corn and sorghum. President Evo Morales has announced a contingency plan, which includes $700,000 in extra funds for fumigation.
The 68-year-old former scrum half won 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978. At 20 he became Wales's youngest captain, and during his era the Welsh side dominated the Five Nations Championship. He now works as a pundit for both the BBC and S4C.
Scotland's second defeat in four games leaves Gordon Strachan's men fifth in Group F and the manager facing further questions about his future. Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10 for the display. Scotland's best player on the night after a long absence from the international scene.
Satellite images show colonies moving their locations in years when the thin sea ice on which they habitually breed forms late or is absent. The emperor is the most southerly of the Antarctic penguin species and the only one to breed on sea ice in the southern winter. Their reliance on these thin seasonal marine floes has led to the species being designated as "near threatened"
Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago. The Royal Zoological Society of Scotland has placed male bear Arktos in with female Victoria at its Highland Wildlife Park near Aviemore. The pair will live together for the next week or two "mimicking what would occur naturally in the wild"
Martin will replace Bruce Anstey in the team, who won last year's race. McGuinness still holds the lap record for the class of 119.279mph (18:58.743) The 35-year-old has not raced since suffering multiple broken vertebrae and a fractured sternum in a crash in the Dundrod 150 Superbike race in 2015.
Judge Thokozile Masipa gives Pistorius a five-year jail sentence for culpable homicide, but cleared him of murder. He was driven to Pretoria's Kgosi Mampuru prison where he is expected to be housed in the hospital wing. The parents of Reeva Steenkamp said they were happy with the sentence and relieved the case was over.
The animal, thought to be a juvenile minke whale, is about 4m long. It was first seen on Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content. It is thought it may have swum in in pursuit of fish in the channel. A fully-grown minke can grow to 9m in length.
Sandra Bland was arrested during a heated traffic stop captured on film. She was found dead three days later. The arresting officer, Brian Encinia, has been charged with allegedly lying about it. The perjury charge carries a maximum sentence of one year in jail and a $4,000 fine.
Fleetwood midfielder Bobby Grant's overhead kick cleared the bar. Nathan Pond's header from Kyle Dempsey's free-kick was acrobatically saved by Jayson Leutwiler. Shrewsbury hit the same post twice within a minute early in the second half.
"Four more years" has been retweeted more than 780,000 times. That's more than double the number of times it was retweeted in 2012. The original tweet was sent by Barack Obama on his first day in the White House. It has since been re-tweeted by more than 100,000.
Hopp worked with Paul SchÃ¤fer, a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune in southern Chile in 1961. He was convicted in Chile of sexual abuse of children, weapons possession and human rights violations. He died in a Chilean jail in 2010 at the age of 88.
Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi paid tribute to her predecessor. She said: "The vote in many parts of Wales was not a vote against Europe" She added her name to an amendment to the Queen's Speech calling for the UK to remain inside the single market and customs union.
The Republican candidates took it in turn to try to give Donald Trump a bloody nose, a cracked rib, a thick lip and black eye. The former Hewlett Packard boss Carly Fiorina had been roundly insulted by Trump when he questioned her suitability because of her appearance. Trump was visibly back-pedalling.
The George & Dragon at Hudswell, near Richmond, North Yorkshire, won the award. The pub, the village's only community facility, closed in 2008. It reopened in 2010 after residents raised Â£200,000 to buy the building and land.Runners up in the UK-wide competition were the Salutation Inn in Ham, Gloucestershire.
Miguel Angel Yunes Linares claims fake medicine was used in state hospitals. Former Veracruz governor Javier Duarte has been on the run since October. He has been charged with organised crime and money laundering. There are calls for the Attorney General's office to file criminal charges.
Supersymmetry, or Susy, has gained popularity as a way to explain some of the inconsistencies in the traditional theory of subatomic physics. Researchers at the LHCb detector have dealt a serious blow to hopes of finding them. They measured the decay between a particle known as a Bs meson into two particles known as muons. It is the first time that this decay has ever been observed.
Gloucester have been without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding. They have shared with local clubs Forest Green Rovers, Cirencester and most recently Cheltenham Town - where they have been based since 2010. The club issued an appeal for £25,000 so they could "stay in a solvent position" until the summer.
Captain David Seath, 31, was a fire support team commander in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery. He suffered a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital. He was laid to rest following a funeral in St Margaret's RC Memorial Church in Dunfermline.
Aodhan Woods was tied up, locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults. Now 19, he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed. Darren Fu, of Drumart Walk in Belfast, will spend half of his 11-year sentence in jail. Co-accused who cannot be named got six years, half on licence.
Jasim Khadijah was a rocket expert who controlled attacks, Col Steve Warren said. Last month a US soldier died and several others were injured when a base used by US troops was shelled by IS. It was the second US combat death since the US first struck the group in 2014.
"This is definitely not the Oscars," said 22 Jump Street star Jillian Bell. The ceremony was also an unofficial promotional platform for this summer's blockbusters. The night's big winner was The Fault in Our Stars, which won best movie. Bradley Cooper won best male performance for his role as the late Chris Kyle in American Sniper.
Spencer injured himself in training on Friday as he went to take a shot. The 24-year-old summer signing will see a consultant this week. Ryan Brunt and left-back Gary Sawyer are also long-term absentees for the club. Derek Adams: "Any players we have in the squad that are injured is very disappointing for us"
The Colombia international has not played since October. The 29-year-old joined Chelsea on a season-long loan from AC Milan. Manchester City are yet to name their 25-man squad for the Champions League. The Gunners are expected to make one change with Mathieu Debuchy leaving on loan.
Dolphin lost its mother and became stranded in shallow waters off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia. Tourists then began touching and photographing the animal rather than seeking help for it. Local NGOquinac said "selfishness" caused the dolphin "suffering and stress"
The men, aged 26 and 24, were in a house in Melrose Street. Three men armed with a knife, hammer and batons forced their way into the property. After assaulting the men, the gang left with a sum of cash and personal items. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Dr Henry McLaughlin has started a daily climb of Slievemartin outside Rostrevor. The idea is to take a selfie and then post the picture on the 'Cairnuary' Facebook page. If you climb the mountain 31 times in a month, you've climbed higher than Everest, he says.
First Miss Wheelchair India contest held in Mumbai in late November. Contest is the idea of tax consultant Sounak Banerjee, who has muscular dystrophy. Contestants were treated as winners even before the event started, they say. Contestant: "It was a night to celebrate the courage and fighting spirit of the contestants"
Areas in Counties Londonderry, Antrim and Down were affected. Northern Ireland Electricity said an equipment fault was detected at 21.40 BST. All properties have had power restored had their power restored by 22.14 BST. The fault was thought to have been caused by an electrical fault.
The 64-year-old was found with critical injuries in Luxfield Road, south-east London. He was pronounced dead at the scene, police said. A man, 52, was arrested on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found. The arrested man and the victim knew each other but were not related.
Proposed cycle route will link Leith Walk in the east of the city to Roseburn in the west. Plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two. Supporters of the path said it was vital for cutting congestion and would provide a safe route across the city. But residents and shop owners said reducing loading bays to make way for bikes would have a huge impact on passing trade.
Royal College of Midwives says there is a shortage of midwives and a fall in students. Welsh government says the number of midwifery training places commissioned rose again this year. RCM says any future cuts will risk the quality of services in Wales. It is the second year the RCM has carried out a State of Maternity Services report.
Baroness Manningham-Buller was head of MI5 between 2002 and 2007. She said she was not "surprised" that UK nationals were involved in 7/7 bombings. Said intelligence on Iraq's threat was not'substantial enough' to justify action.
The 2014 winner Pineau De Re was among those to miss the cut for the famous Aintree race. There were no withdrawals in Thursday's final declaration stage. Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1 shot Silviniaco Conti. The Romford Pele occupies the number 40 slot.
Teaching unions are refusing to co-operate with school inspections in a dispute over pay and workload. Gavin Boyd, chief executive of the Education Authority, said they got better pay than their counterparts in England and Wales. The National Association of Schoolmasters and Women Teachers (NASUWT) has reacted angrily to Mr Boyd's letter, accusing him of "fake news"
Thousands of animals, many of them endangered, are part of the zoo's breeding programme. Details about each and every individual are noted down so that it can be used to help worldwide breeding programmes. Newsround headed to the zoo to find out how it's done. For more information on the zoo visit: www.zoo.org.
A total of 387 people were arrested between February 2016 and February 2017 - up from 255 the previous year. More than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour at UK airports. The Home Office is "considering" calls for tougher rules on alcohol.
The boy's body was found in the cellar of a house in Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia. Another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns, drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police. Police say the 19-year-old suspect may be armed.
The Green Party is also discussing electoral pacts with fellow parties. Ms Lucas is the Greens' only MP and the Liberal Democrats have agreed not to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat. She wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support moves for electoral reform and try to win or defend seats against the Conservative Party.
Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised by the Care Quality Commission in March 2015. A re-inspection in April this year found it had made "positive progress" in some areas, but improvements were still needed. The trust currently has about 27,000 patients across the county and more than 2,000 members of staff.
The US ambassador to Bangladesh condemned the killing of Xulhaz Mannan, who also worked at the US embassy. Another person was also injured when the attackers entered a Dhaka flat. Since February last year suspected militants have killed several secular or atheist writers and members of religious minority groups.
The nine-year-old has twice recovered from a cracked pelvis. Rule the World is the first novice to win the race since 1958. The 33-1 shot was ridden by David Mullins and trained by Mouse Morris. Gigginstown's racing manager Eddie O'Leary: "He provided us with our first Grand National"
300 doses of the vaccine are expected to arrive in Monrovia on Friday. It has been produced by British company GlaxoSmithKline and the US National Institutes of Health. But experts say it may be difficult to establish whether the jab offers any protection against the virus.
Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness. CCTV images show him near the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage. Coastguard and police helicopters were involved in making searches. Mr Mitchell is described as 5ft 11in in height with long mousy brown hair and a beard.
Geoffrey Hughes died "peacefully in his sleep" on Friday night, his family said. The actor was known to millions as Coronation Street binman Eddie Yeats. He was also known for his roles as Twiggy in TV comedy The Royle Family and Onslow in Keeping Up Appearances.
Lung cancer is the most common cancer in Scotland and the biggest killer of all the cancers. About 4,200 people die of the disease every year in Scotland, and about 86% of all cases are linked to tobacco. More than two-thirds of patients diagnosed too late for them to be offered successful treatment.
Jamie Taggart, 41, from Argyll and Bute, failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area. He has not been seen since 2 November, when his rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa. Search parties have been hampered by horrendous weather.
Average petrol prices rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and average diesel prices rose 5.2p to 118.7P. The motoring body said these were the biggest monthly increases for three and a half years. The RAC suggested that the price of fuel might stabilise in the coming months.
"When you get terrible [your neighbours] you're in trouble," says head of community engagement at Oxford Brookes University. "We believe that the majority of these complaints are caused by students on their way to or returning from a night out," he adds. Oxford City Council has a target of no more than 3,000 students living in private accommodation.
The story centres on all-American couple Joe and Kate Keller, whose son is missing after World War Two. Director Michael Buffong tells arts correspondent Tim Masters what makes the play a 20th Century classic. All My Sons, with a cast led by Ray Shell and Dona Croll, has opened at Ipswich's New Wolsey Theatre, and tours until 25 April.
Four wards were closed to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital, Wirral, on Monday. The visiting ban was extended on Thursday. Gaynor Westray, director of nursing and midwifery, said the decision was "in the best interests of our patients"
Rahad Hussain, 23, has been charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm and possession of an offensive weapon, namely acid. Two men, aged 23 and 24, had a noxious substance thrown over them at 19:00 BST on Tuesday on Roman Road, Bethnal Green, east London.
The Tribunal de Commerce decided SeaFrance's future after a bailout by the French government was ruled illegal by the European Commission. Hundreds of jobs in France are also expected to be lost. Eurotunnel has not ruled out a future bid for the cross-channel ferry firm, which employs nearly 1,000 people.
The Muslim Brotherhood's political wing, the Islamic Action Front, called for broader political representation and a more democratic parliament. A counter-rally, in support of King Abdullah, which organisers had predicted would attract 200,000 supporters, was cancelled late on Thursday. The opposition also demanded that parliament, rather than the king, should have the right to appoint and dismiss the prime minister.
Bellfield, 47, was given a whole-life prison sentence in June 2011 for murdering the schoolgirl. Surrey Police confirmed it had received a letter from Bellfield's solicitors but said it was standing by its statement on the confession. Milly was kidnapped while on her way from school to her home in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey, in March 2002.
Cabinet backs plans to issue fines initially, and only resort to criminal charges for repeat offenders. Selling, buying and producing the drug will remain illegal and the move must still be ratified by parliament. Almost 9% of Israelis use cannabis, though some experts believe the figure to be higher.
Derek McInnes has guided Aberdeen to successive second-place finishes. The Dons are 12 points clear of Ibrox side in second place in the Scottish Premiership. Former Rangers player Thompson says he has been baffled by Pedro Caixinha. The Portuguese revealed his team line-up a day before Wednesday's goalless draw with Kilmarnock.
Belgian striker has been linked with a move away from Everton. The 24-year-old scored 25 Premier League goals last season. Lukaku is represented by Mino Raiola, who helped negotiate Paul Pogba's £89m move to Manchester United last summer. Former club Chelsea remain favourites to complete a deal for Lukaku.
Uzbekistan is the most populous Central Asian country and has the largest army. President Karimov has led the country since independence in 1991. No tried and tested succession mechanism is in place in Uzbekistan. Political instability caused by Mr Karimov's demise could be felt far beyond Uzbekistan's borders.
The rock legends' set went out on the BBC World Service as part of Alexis Korner's Rhythm and Blues programme. It includes the band's only known recording of the track Sunshine Woman. The Complete BBC Sessions is a remastered update of a 1997 collection of tracks recorded for the BBC between 1969 and 1971.
At the start of the 1200s, Welsh was the language of the common people. By the end of the century, daily business was increasingly done in English. English settlers were encouraged to move to Wales by free land grants and the imposition of English law. The population of Wales was tiny in comparison to now, with the whole population equivalent to modern-day Cardiff.
The woman was taken to hospital after the incident at Maghaberry Prison, near Lisburn, on Monday. The Prison Officers Association (POA) said he believed she was attacked with a weapon "made from a razor" A Prison Service spokesperson said: "The Prison Service utterly condemns this attack"
Royal Mail predicts a 50% rise in returns on Take-back Tuesday. Clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned. People are also expected to flock to shops at lunchtime to give back gifts. But they may face issues getting a refund without a gift receipt.
Simon Hamilton said the current configuration of services is not going to work. He said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care. Mr Hamilton acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities. But he added that its growing and ageing population means Northern Ireland has to do things differently.
Melissa Morton, 12, was among 34 pupils aboard a coach that crashed into a motorway bridge near Middelkerke, West Flanders. Her father Keith Morton said she had been "very disturbed by it all" The coach, which was heading to Cologne in Germany for a languages trip, hit a bridge on the A18 (E40) during the morning of 28 June.
Dundee beat Motherwell 2-0 to move off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership. Goals from Craig Wighton, Marcus Haber and Cammy Kerr secured victory. Referee Paul McGowan's decision to award Dundee a first-half free kick will haunt him all weekend.
Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice. The 32-year-old has been training at Dundee United since pre-season. The United States appears to be a possible destination for Daly. He said: "I am probably looking further afield than Scotland"
Craig Bryson gave the Rams an early lead when he struck from the edge of the area. Thomas Ince curled in a stunning effort to double the lead. Darren Bent added a third when he headed home from close range. The hosts had a late penalty appeal when Grant Ward went down in the area, shortly before Kieffer Moore's shot was deflected.
Brent crude has now risen 80% since it hit 13-year lows of below $28 a barrel at the start of the year. US data showed that oil inventories had fallen after supply disruptions due to fires in Canada. Short-term disruptions to oil supplies have also lifted the price.
The man - identified as a 30-year-old surnamed Pang - was held in the southern Guangxi region. He made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec, driving three times faster than the official limit. A video of his feat in August soon became an internet sensation in China.
Just 8% of councils have built enough to replace half of their stock. Charity says there is a danger of some areas having no affordable homes. The government said it was committed to building 275,000 affordable new homes over the course of this parliament. Right to Buy was first introduced in the 1980s under Margaret Thatcher.
The measure will put a 20% ceiling on any foreign stakes in Russian media. Russia's main media outlets are state-owned or controlled by loyal oligarchs. The bill is highly likely to become law as it was proposed by MPs who usually support the pro-Kremlin group United Russia.
The futures of Aston and Coventry stations were discussed by West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority. The authority said it needed buildings for a "modern-day" fire service. A new station at Aston could cost around Â£7.5m, while the Coventry scheme could cost an estimated Â £6.7m.
A woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in and took the car. Police said it happened at Boucher Crescent in south Belfast at about 17:25 GMT. A man in his 30s was arrested and remains in custody. The two children were unharmed.
The 31-year-old has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season. Tubbs could be handed his Eastleigh debut in the National League game at Kidderminster on Tuesday. He has scored five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season.
Juncker tells European Parliament it is "not a time to take fright" 120,000 extra asylum seekers will be distributed among EU nations, with binding quotas. Germany, the main destination for many migrants, supports quotas, but some EU countries oppose a compulsory system. New plans would relocate 60% of those now in Italy, Greece and Hungary to Germany.
Administrators' reports suggest around £7m of £10.25m lent to Northampton Town by the local borough Council was passed to 1st Land Limited. A total of £2.65m was then given to David Cardoza and his father, Anthony. It is unclear what has since happened to the money. The club faces a winding-up petition, due to be heard on 16 November, from HM Revenue & Customs.
Ramzan Kadyrov, leader of the southern Russian republic, labelled opponents of President Vladimir Putin "enemies of the people" He called for such "traitors" to be prosecuted for subversion, claiming they were working in league with the West. He has now re-asserted his claims and gone even further in an online editorial for pro-Kremlin newspaper Izvestia.
Haitian Senator Guy Philippe was arrested in Port-au-Prince last week. He was flown to the US to face charges of conspiracy to import cocaine. Mr Philippe was recently elected to his country's senate. He took part in the 2004 rebellion that removed President Jean Bertrand Aristide.
Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 full-time vacancies across three sites. Each successful candidate will receive a maximum of £1,340 in subsidies. The average cost for a room in both areas ranges from £500 to £550. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Those arrested include two builders, police officers and municipality officials. Police say they will be charged with culpable homicide and causing death by negligence. If convicted, they face sentences of up to life in prison. Most of the victims of the Thane collapse were poor daily wage earners.
Karim Benzema's lawyer says he played "no part" in alleged blackmail attempt. The Real Madrid striker appeared before a judge in Versailles after being held in custody overnight. France coach Didier Deschamps left both players out of his squad selected on Thursday for matches against Germany and England.
The 22-year-old leaves first professional club Wigan Athletic after four years. The Dingwall side visit Hamilton Academical on Saturday, having won two of their three Scottish Premiership matches so far. Jim McIntyre described Chow as "a box-to-box midfielder with great athleticism"
Fox replaces Paul Faulkner, who left Villa Park in July. Owner Randy Lerner put the club up for sale in May but is yet to find a buyer. Fox had been with the Gunners since 2009 and brings more than 25 years' experience of sports marketing to Villa.
James Anderson takes 4-20 as Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings. Hampshire were bowled out for 168 in their second innings on day four. The visitors had resumed on 50-5, still trailing by 148. England's all-time leading wicket-taker was playing in his first match after a month out.
Eighty outdoor swims are being held over the 2015 season, with most taking place on Christmas or Boxing Day. Safety advice has been issued by the Outdoor Swimming Society for the first time. Serpentine Swimming Club in London has seen a huge growth in numbers over the past five years.
Cao Lei, Chen Xiexia and Liu Chunhong stripped of their gold medals. They were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping. IOC is retesting hundreds of samples from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games. New techniques to uncover cheating that went undetected at the time.
Research by The Local Data Company and the University of Stirling found the average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5% to 13.7%. East Kilbride has the highest rate of all Scottish towns, at 33%, while Inverurie has the lowest, at 1%.
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker said the UK may want to be more "obliging" to certain countries to secure future commercial advantages. The EU is keen to maintain a united front and conduct central negotiations. Official discussions on the terms of the UK's exit and its future relationship with the EU are expected to begin in the Spring.
Athens' benchmark ATG index, which fell 5.9% on Friday, was down 5% in trading on Monday. European Commission spokesman said while progress was made at Sunday's talks "significant gaps" remained. Greece must repay more than €1.5bn of loans to the International Monetary Fund at the end of the month.
The pilots' strike will affect around 100,000 passengers, Lufthansa says. The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit has organised 14 strikes since April 2014. The union is calling for a 3.7% pay rise for 5,400 pilots dating back to 2012.
Sewage leaked into Whitelake River in Somerset in June 2014. 42 fish, including protected brown trout, died as a result of the leak. Michael Eavis, founder of Glastonbury Festival, said it was a 'freak incident' He said: 'It was a brand new build, it cost me £100,000, so that's my defence'
The IFS says the UK is planning the largest fiscal consolidation out of 32 advanced economies. But the report is optimistic about UK growth, estimating zero inflation and 3% growth this year. The report starkly illustrates the central economic choice facing voters in May: bigger cuts with a Tory-led government; higher public sector debt with a Labour one.
Spaniard Valdes, 34, has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January, helping them win the Belgian Cup final in March. Valdes clashed with United manager Louis van Gaal in July before a proposed move to Turkish club Besiktas collapsed the following month.
Gloucester and Wales back row was part of an advanced guard of 14 players who met in the Vale of Glamorgan. The rest of the 41-man squad are still involved in English Premiership, Pro12 or French play-offs. Moriarty was one of the surprise selections when Gatland's squad was announced in April.
Shadow education secretary calls for a "new political consensus" on education policy. Mr Hunt wants to build a political consensus on moving away from the current GCSE system. He argues that it needs to be overhauled when the leaving age has risen to 18 and these are no longer the final school-leaving exams.
Caterpillar is the world's largest manufacturer of heavy construction equipment. Its Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators. The firm has been hit by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration. It has already axed thousands of jobs worldwide since last year as part of a major restructuring programme.
The IoD is calling for faster broadband access for homes and business. A government spokesperson said most UK homes can get "superfast" broadband. The report comes just days after communications watchdog Ofcom said BT must open up its cable network and allow competition to improve UK connections.
Fire, police and coastguard called to Butley Creek near Orford, Suffolk. A member of the public had seen the supine figure of a man lying in the water. It turned out to be a work of art called A Thousand Tides, by artist Laurence Edwards.
Adrian Simut, 35, thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl called Sam. But he was confronted by so-called "paedophile hunters" and later arrested. He admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity and meeting a child after online grooming.
Harry White fired Solihull in front after nine minutes. Brandon Hanlan and Mark Goldberg squandered decent chances for Bromley. Daniel Udoh sent off with five minutes remaining after picking up two yellow cards to be sent off for a foul on Liam Daly and Jack Byrne.
US to take in 110,000 new refugees in 2017 fiscal year. Nine million people have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria. More than four million others have fled the war-torn country. U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-moon also expressed concern over the conflict.
Ex-Cabinet Minister lost his Yeovil seat in May's general election. Mr Laws, 49, will serve as executive chairman of Centre Forum. He described himself as not suited to "navel gazing and endless holidays" But he remains optimistic of the seat being recaptured by his party.
One skeleton was found earlier this week, but now nine graves have been uncovered. The remains are in the process of being exhumed from underneath the area previously used as the venue's mini conference room. They are thought to be from a Quaker burial ground that existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built.
Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy, Bae Cinmel, am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth. Dywedodd Heddlu Gogledd Cymru fod y gyffordd rhwng Ffordd y Foryd a Rhodfa Cader ar gau ym Mharc Busnes Tir Llwyd.
Figures show that only 13 people have applied for the money. Labour MP for York Central said she had received complaints about accessing the fund. Hundreds of homes and businesses were flooded in the city after the Rivers Foss and Ouse burst their banks. City of York Council said that 360 private homes were eligible for the grant.
Sarah Johnson was one of 21 women in a minibus hit by a lorry on the M62. Her friend Bethany Jones, 18, was killed in the crash in April 2013. Ms Johnson broke her shoulder, back and pelvis and spent time in hospital. She received help from charity Day One which helps victims of major trauma.
Most of the activists were members of the predominantly Catholic dissident group, Ladies in White. They walked through the streets of Havana holding up pictures of political prisoners, before they were rounded up by police. The detentions come less than a week before a visit to Cuba by Pope Francis.
Just over 46,000 vehicles were registered north of the border in March. This is a year-on-year increase of more than 2.7%. UK sales increased by 5.3% to almost 519,000 - the strongest month since 1999. March is typically the biggest month, accounting for about a fifth of the year's car registrations.
Six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 February. Two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists in an attempt to steal money. The men, who are described as southern European, claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims. Police Scotland said: "Impersonating a police officer is not only inappropriate, it is illegal"
"CETA is done and we will not reopen it," says EU Trade Commissioner Cecilia Malmstrom. CETA and a similar deal with the US, TTIP, has also faced criticism. Activists fear that the deals could water down European standards. There is also great anxiety about proposed special courts.
Steven Ward made 24 galleons from chocolate, with Maltesers doubling up as replica cannon balls. creations will mark the 209th anniversary of the battle during the Napoleonic Wars. The ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth at the Trafalgar Day dinner.
Patrick Ewing, 66, collapsed at his home in Oakham, Rutland. He was given resuscitation by his partner, Yvonne Ainsworth. Paramedics used a defibrillator to restore his normal heart rhythm. Only about 8% of patients survive a cardiac arrest outside hospital.
The British eight comfortably held off the challenge from the Netherlands. There was no medal success for Enniskillen's Holly Nixon in the women's quadruple sculls. The 23-year-old was always off the pace and finished fifth in a race won by Poland.
Children's charity Kids Company shut its doors on Wednesday amid funding row. Former employee claims staff were told of complaints about client who sexually exploited girls off site. Charity chairman Alan Yentob: "There is no evidence that we were informed about a sexual abuse case" Former client of charity says she was touched inappropriately by 24-year-old client.
Eight-year-old Garfield has his own Facebook page created by fans. Owner David Willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats as a vet found Garfield, who weighs 6.6kg (one stone), was overweight. Garfield makes the trip to Sainsbury's in Ely in Cambridgeshire on a daily basis.
Evans gave the Bantams the lead with style early on as he curled home from 20 yards into the bottom corner. Ryan Leonard forced Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams into a fine save with a fierce effort from long-range. The hosts almost restored parity when Tyrone Barnett volleyed against the crossbar.
The ANC bought 10 new BMW 3 series vehicles for £266,000. The cars will be given to a police anti-hijacking unit. The new mayor of Tshwane will continue to use a BMW 5 series. He says he will use a "sensible" car instead.
The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday. There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme. Unite regional officer Steve Harley said: "We were given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured"
The man, named by state media as Ji Zhongxing, 34, from central Shandong province, was injured and taken to hospital. No-one else was hurt in the blast, which filled part of the Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke. An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to protest at his ill-treatment by Chinese police.
tanker hit central reservation halfway between junction 32 for Coryton and junction 33, Cardiff West. Westbound carriageway closed from junction 30, Cardiff Gate, and one lane also closed eastbound. One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant.
Jean-Marc Bosman won a landmark case in the European Court of Justice in 2001. The ruling allowed players to leave their clubs without paying a transfer fee. Bosman was banned from playing in Belgium and spent a year in prison. The 51-year-old is now a spokesman for the international trade union Fifpro.
The centre will be based on the town's Crichton estate. It will be used to improve responses to weather-related emergencies. A report to the council's policy and resources committee will give a full update on progress to date.Initially the facility will have up to six staff.
"The problem is we can't get through to the other side of the road," he said. "We're trying to make sure we get to the right side of it before they get to us" He added: "It's a bit of a pain, but we're working on it"
Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, was warned it must make a "significant improvement" if not, it could face having its registration cancelled. The privately-run home was served with a formal improvement notice by the Care Inspectorate and given until next month to make changes.
YouTube star Connor Franta has told his 3.6 million subscribers he is gay. The 22-year-old said he'd struggled with his sexuality since he was 12. He said he became depressed during his second year at university. His fans rallied round him with hashtags like #weloveyouconnor trending in the US.
Thieves broke into the house in Intake, Doncaster, a week after Paris' 11th birthday. Cash, jewellery and other items were taken, along with her younger brother Thomas' belongings. Paris wrote a letter to the thieves saying they had made her "scared of the dark again"
The 16-year-old was arrested at his home in the borough of Lewisham. He was treated in hospital for a minor wound before being taken into custody. Police recovered two knives and a machete from the scene in Bromley. A second boy, also 16, was arrested on suspicion of affray and possession of a weapon.
Didier Drogba has joined Phoenix in the United States. The 39-year-old has not played since leaving Montreal Impact in November. The Ivory Coast striker will start out as a player but also join the ownership group. Phoenix hope to become one of four expansion teams in MLS over the next three years.
The Spaniard, 27, spent three years at Barca and joins the Blues after Arsenal turned down a first option to buy him. The fee for the move is unknown, but Barcelona were happy for him to leave for a fee in the region of £30m. Fabregas said he had "unfinished business" in the Premier League and Chelsea matched his ambitions.
Tom Stilwell fell from his neighbour's balcony in his apartment block in Auckland. Friends said that he had bone fractures and internal injuries, but was "fine" and "a very lucky man" He was awake and laughing on Monday, but had no recollection of what happened, his friends said.
Ennis-Hill hinted at retirement after narrowly losing her heptathlon title to Nafissatou Thiam in Rio. The 30-year-old won gold at the 2015 World Championships just 14 months after she gave birth to her son Reggie. Minichiello said it might be time for him to "be selfish", should Ennis- Hill retire.
Prince Oniangue had broken the deadlock for Wolves in the second half. Will Miller turned in Lloyd Dyer's cross in the fourth minute of added time. Lucas Akins had a first-half penalty saved by Wolves keeper Carl Ikeme. Burton 14th in the table, while Wolves dropped to 11th.
The 28-year-old's daughter was also threatened by a member of the gang, who had a knife. The three balaclava-wearing men stole cash, jewellery and a mobile phone before fleeing. Police are now appealing for anyone with information to contact them.
Kelso, Galashiels, Peebles, Hawick, Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases. But numbers fell in Duns and Jedburgh. Councillor Stuart Bell said it was "pleasing" to see numbers rising. He said the issues were not unique to the Borders.
The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907. It became a two-party parliamentary democracy after elections in March 2008. For years, the country cut itself off, fearing that outside influences would undermine its monarchy and culture. Radio broadcasting began in 1973 and the internet arrived in 1999.
Shelley Kerr will take charge of Stirling University's men's side in June. The 47-year-old is the first-ever female head coach in senior British football. Motherwell forward Grant believes Kerr can take Scotland to greater success. Kerr will remain in charge until the end of their season.
The central bank voted unanimously to raise the key rate to a range of 0.5% to 0.75%. Janet Yellen said the economic outlook was "highly uncertain" and the rise was only a "modest shift" But the new Donald Trump administration could mean rates having to rise at a faster pace next year.
Flint Community Hospital could be closed under plans by Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board. The health board predicts a financial shortfall of Â£64.6m this year. Neo-natal intensive care may also be transferred over to England as part of the proposed shake-up.
Choupo-Moting is Stoke's fourth summer signing after Darren Fletcher, Kurt Zouma and Josh Tymon. The 28-year-old has made 200 Bundesliga appearances and played in the Champions League with Schalke. A former Germany youth international, he switched international allegiance to Cameroon in 2010.
Connolly settled a tight first meeting between the clubs with his first goal since returning for a second spell with the Red Devils. Dutch midfielder Enzio Boldewijn was denied by visiting keeper Dean Lyness 11 minutes after the break. Crawley struck with 21 minutes left when a Clifford corner was flicked on by Joe McNerney and Connolly glanced home.
Wales Bill promises new powers for Wales, but there have been claims it would reduce AMs law-making powers. First Minister Carwyn Jones recommended AMs vote for the bill, saying it could be improved but "takes Wales forward" Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood suggested Wales had been "backed into a corner" over the legislation.
Blogger Maek: The revolution was publicised on the internet. Amr Gharbeia: The force used by the police brought everybody together. Nawara Negm: Internet activists are also people and a lot of our organising, social work and relationships are developed offline.
The SNP's John Wallace won the Ayr East ward after the vote on Thursday. Turnout was 34.4%, with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638. The by-election was called following the resignation of Corri Wilson, who was elected as SNP MP for Ayr, Carrick and Cumnock.
The seven men had been given six-year jail sentences after an earthquake devastated the medieval town of L'Aquila in 2009. The verdict triggered alarm, with some saying that science itself had been put on trial. On Monday an appeals court cleared the group of the manslaughter charges.
US experts found B3, also known as nicotinamide, boosts the ability of immune cells to kill Staphylococcus bacteria. B3 increases the numbers and efficacy of neutrophils, white blood cells that can kill and eat harmful bugs. Study could lead to a "major change in treatment", a UK expert said.
Review into 22 abuse cases in Northern Ireland criticised authorities for not doing enough. Young people went missing a number of times over a 20-month period. Police Service of Northern Ireland said it has recently made policy changes aimed at keeping children safe. Stormont's Health Minister Simon Hamilton said the report shows not enough support was given to protect the teenagers.
Train to Busan is South Korea's first home-grown zombie offering. It has already achieved local box office success, taking a record $5.76m (Â£4.33m) A viral outbreak outside infects passengers on board, turning them into the undead. The Korean government declares a state of emergency and martial law.
A judge is considering whether to charge the star over the incident, which was filmed and went viral. Olomide has denied assault, though he has since apologised for his behaviour. Kenyan authorities deported the 60-year-old rumba singer and three of his dancers on Saturday to DR Congo.
Wayne Maycock, Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen at HMP Leyhill. Headley was sentenced in 2006 for rape and robbery. Maycock was jailed in the same year for GBH, while Bromwich was sentenced for rape. Police have appealed for anyone who sees them, or knows of their whereabouts, to make contact.
Brendan Rodgers has signed a 12-month rolling contract at Celtic. Rodgers replaces Ronny Deila, who left the club at the end of the season. The 43-year-old left Liverpool in October after more than three years in charge. Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell says Rodgers is a'special manager'
"I have to work with Ikea - make furniture for interior design, for architecture," he told BBC Radio 1. West was pictured visiting Ikea's head office in Almhult, south Sweden, earlier this year. He has previously collaborated with British fashion designer Katie Eary who has created a series of textiles and tableware for Ikea.
BAA said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault. Passengers had to be checked in manually from 07:30. Flights were also delayed as passengers did not know which gates to go to. The problem was fixed at about 10:00 and no cancellations were reported.
The incident happened in Holywood, County Down, on Saturday. Police said the 14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment. He was later discharged from hospital and is recovering at home. The PSNI said the tablets were "as yet unidentified" but warned of "potential dangers"
The move was announced by President Thein Sein, who earlier rejected UN calls for an independent inquiry. The UN welcomed the inquiry, saying it could make "important contributions" to restoring peace. The violence in Rakhine state began in late May when a Buddhist woman was raped and murdered by three Muslims.
Study of 712 Italian-American mafia members in the 1960s showed their income had risen by 7.5-8.5% per extra year of education. Those involved in complex crimes such as charging exorbitant rates for loans or extortion saw three times the boost of those who committed violent crimes.
Wigan have paid New Zealand Warriors a reported £200,000 for Tomkins. The 26-year-old will return to Wigan for the 2016 Super League season. He was sold to the Warriors for a reported world record fee of £700,000 in 2013.
Airbus has said in the past that a "Brexit" might change its plans. Mr Bregier said the aircraft manufacturer was committed to its 16,000 employees based in the UK. His comments come as ministers tabled an amendment to the EU referendum bill, ruling out holding the plebiscite on 5 May 2016.
Kepler-452b orbits at a very similar distance from its star, though its radius is 60% larger. If it is rocky, the world would likely still have active volcanism. Its gravity could be roughly twice that on our own planet. Scientists working on the mission believe it could point to a possible future for the Earth.
Thomas Sargent was on his Yamaha Fazer when he was involved in a collision. He was airlifted to the Royal Preston Hospital, where he later died. His family described him as a "quiet, enthusiastic, caring and loving man" Police are urging witnesses of the collision to get in touch.
The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for his country, including three at the 2006 World Cup. He has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny. "It has not been an easy decision for me and has been one that I've taken incredibly seriously," he said.
The buildings will be built in the Chinese city of Nanjing. More than 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes will help filter the air. The buildings are the first of their kind in Asia, but will join two other buildings like them from Italy and Switzerland.
Daley needed 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final. But he managed only 50.40 to finish in last place with 403.25. China's Chen Aisen claimed his second gold of the Games by winning the final, which took place later on Saturday. Daley suggested he would compete again in Tokyo in 2020.
Arsenal beat Burnley 2-1 in the FA Cup third round at the Emirates. Calum Chambers and Alexis Sanchez scored for the Premier League side. Sam Vokes equalised for the Championship side with a header from Tendayi Darikwa's cross. An Alex Iwobi interception denied Andre Gray after the break.
Nama sold its entire Northern Ireland portfolio to Cerberus, a US investment fund, in 2014. Comptroller and Auditor General (C&AG) will say that failings in the sales process could have resulted in "hundred of millions of euro" not being realised. Controversy has centred on the role of the businessman and former Nama advisor Frank Cushnahan.
unknown offender seized control of the Medway Council feed at about 19:45 BST. Authority apologised for any offence caused by the tweets. Around nine tweets were sent including one which promised: "We're also going to introduce decent schools. About time eh?". The hackers also announced an end to Rochester's Dickens Festival.
Amara arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago. He was turned down by two landlords - one by letter. Both were happy for him to stay until he handed over his passport. He told Newsbeat that he was "devastated to be turned down"
News at Ten will be 45 minutes long from Monday through to Thursday. The move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election. Newsnight's start time is usually around 22:32. But Graham Norton, it appears, is sticking to his 22:35 slot.
"It appears that coaches are a lot more vulnerable than they had been," said RCA founder and director Richard Moon. Exeter Chiefs boss Rob Baxter also says a "sacking culture" comparable to football is creeping into rugby union. Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill became the third boss sacked in eight months on Monday.
Leicester have won both of their games under Craig Shakespeare. The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday to move five points clear of the relegation zone. Shakespeare has never managed full-time but was Nigel Pearson's assistant. The 53-year-old says he expects to speak with the club's hierarchy next week.
Jo Deering died in 2011, aged 52, just months after being sectioned under the Mental Health Act. Southern Health NHS Foundation Trust admitted it could have made better decisions about her care. Ms Deering's sister, Maureen Rickman, said the trust's findings "deserved to be binned"
The firm will resume in-house domestic vinyl production at a Japanese factory south-west of Tokyo by March 2018. The move comes amid renewed demand for old-fashioned black plastic records, which now occupy a key market niche. At one time, the format had been expected to disappear after the rise of CDs, digital downloads and streaming.
Victoria mated with a male bear at the Highland Wildlife Park at Kincraig, near Aviemore, earlier this year. To protect her from being disturbed if she is pregnant, the Royal Zoological Society of Scotland said she had been taken "off show" If she does raise a cub or cubs, they would be born in December or January.
Seven organisations have issued joint advice on vitamin D. The nutrient keeps bones strong, and protects against conditions like osteoporosis. Experts now say it is fine to go outside in strong sun in the middle of the day. It is thought fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun.
Prime Minister David Cameron said the plan would work because it was "comprehensive" But Muslim leaders warned the strategy "continues down a flawed path" Home Secretary Theresa May said non-violent extremism could not go "uncontested" Police estimate at least 700 people from the UK have travelled to support or fight for jihadist organisations in Syria and Iraq.
Duchenne muscular dystrophy affects around 120 families in Wales. Action Duchenne said a new facility could improve the quality of life and lifespan of sufferers. Welsh government said it is working to improve services and support for those with the condition. 100 parents and campaigners are seeking matched funding to support new research.
Linton Bridge between Linton and Collingham in West Yorkshire was damaged in the Christmas floods. Parts of the bridge dropped about 8in (20cm) after the floodwater undermined its foundations. Work will start in July to put in place a river platform to work on the foundations. The permanent repair works are expected to be completed by the summer.
Burns's preparations were unlike any of his 38 previous fights. His wife had given birth to their first child only nine days ago. The three judges scored the 12-round bout 115-112 to Burns, 115-113 to Beltran and 114-114. Burns was floored for the first time in three years in the eighth round.
Organisers said about 10,000 people were expected, in the city's biggest show of solidarity with foreigners. At least five people have been killed and foreign-owned shops looted in attacks since last week. The influential Zulu king has been accused of fuelling the violence - charges he denies.
The man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham. He survived the first fall before running to another flat and falling again. Police are not treating the death of the man, in his mid-30s, as suspicious. Officers were called to Waterloo Road at about 19:30 GMT on Friday.
The Public Administration Committee said it would seek written evidence. The committee will publish its report before the summer recess later this month. Tory MPs rebelled against their party last month, urging ministers to reinstate the full purdah period. But the government won the vote after Labour abstained.
Michael Gunn, a retired chartered accountant, wants to spend some of it on a new roof for the church hall. In defiance of experts, he also wants to use the money for a transatlantic cruise. The changes take effect on Bank Holiday Monday, so Mr Gunn will receive the payment on Tuesday morning.
A slab of timber was discovered when the estate was constructed in 2003. Carbon dating said they were built on Jordan Way, Monmouth, 2,917 years BC. It is the second crannog discovered in Wales. But the first, at Llangorse Lake, is thousands of years younger.
Gwent Police was called to the incident near Raglan Services at about 11:30 BST. The ambulance service said a patient had been taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary. The road was closed in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for about four hours. Police said traffic was now moving freely.
Nearly 2,400 of the staff were employed by NHS bodies in the UK in non-clinical roles. Of these 472 earned more than £150,000. Taxpayers' Alliance: "It's galling to see bosses at failing hospitals continuing to rake in the cash"
By the time it was over, more than a million soldiers on both sides had died or were injured. Even now people can't agree on whether it was the right decision or a huge mistake. Martin has been to the trenches in northern France to find out what happened.
PM hails plan to limit tax credits paid to new EU migrants for up to four years. But many Tory MPs say it is a watered-down version of the total four-year ban. EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker says the entire package is "fair to the UK and fair to the other 27 EU states"
Chay Roberts-Jones, 29, was cleared of sexually assaulting two other girls. He was working at Blundells School at Tiverton, Devon, when he assaulted the girl under the guise of giving her a sports massage. Details of the conviction are to be supplied to the French to ensure he is not able to work with children again.
The victim is in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital. A 15-year-old boy from Hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder and causing GBH with intent. Another boy, 16, from Portslade, remains in police custody. Both have been bailed until 18 November.
Frontrunners Donald Trump and Ben Carson, with no political experience, were under attack from the start. Ohio Governor John Kasich condemned their "fantasy tax plans" Political friendships were strained by some of the testy exchanges. Texas Senator Ted Cruz got the night's biggest applause when he attacked the hosts, CNBC.
Tanveer Iqbal's body was found in his Renault Clio in Edgbaston. The 33-year-old had not been seen since closing his Hi-Tech Music shop on Sunday evening. Police said his death is currently being treated as suspicious and a post-mortem examination will be carried out.
Petro Poroshenko said 80% of Ukraine's troops left Debaltseve on Wednesday morning after several days of fierce fighting. Russia said Ukrainian forces had tried to fight their way out of the town after being encircled but Mr Poroshenko insisted they were never surrounded. Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg said the rebels' offensive had put the wider peace agreement at risk.
Revolution Radio outsold its nearest competitor, Barry Gibb's In The Now, by a ratio of two to one. James Arthur holds on to the number one spot for the third week in a row, with his ballad Say You Won't Let Go. Hailee Steinfeld had the highest-climbing single of the week, as Starving.
Chris Brass leaves Bury to take charge of League One side Kilmarnock. Assistant Lee McCulloch will become interim manager. McCulloch is likely to be offered the position until the end of the season. Former Bury boss Clark will be on the sidelines for the game against Chesterfield.
The latest soldiers to be dismissed include Mr Erdogan's chief military adviser, a top aide to the chief of the general staff and the defence minister's chief secretary. At least 246 people died as rebel soldiers tried to seize power on 15 July. The coup has triggered a massive purge, with 66,000 public sector workers dismissed and 50,000 passports cancelled.
The Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments and the construction of buildings. Staff are also working closely with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice. Extra fire safety checks were immediately organised across local authorities, including Camden, Newham, Croydon and Redbridge. In Leeds, the council is carrying out a review of fire safety in all blocks.
SuperTed was born in south Wales as a book, before becoming a much-loved TV series on both sides of the Atlantic. Young and his wife Liz created Mike Young Productions - which later become Splash Entertainment - and moved to Los Angeles in 1989. His latest production is an animated feature film Norm Of the North about a polar bear.
The vehicle overturned on the road between Mecca and Medina. There were 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when it crashed. The incident comes just days after 16 Palestinian pilgrims from the West Bank were killed when their bus crashed in Jordan. The groups were both travelling to Mecca to perform the lesser Islamic pilgrimage, or Umrah.
The 67-year-old was fearful of returning to his Gateshead home after the attack in January. Online fundraising campaign attracted donations of more than Â£330,000. But Mr Barnes told Look North he was not yet ready to meet his attacker, Richard Gatiss, 25.
US Open champion withdraws from tournament after falling down stairs. Johnson had been warming up on the range before pulling out. The 32-year-old has won the past three tournaments in which he has competed. He was a popular pick to win the first major of the year.
Reuben Reid scored the only goal of the game in the fifth minute. Reid scored after Jordan Moore-Taylor was needlessly handled inside the penalty box by Jake Carroll. Exeter goalkeeper Christy Pym completely missed a kick, but he managed to get back to scramble Luke Berry's shot off the line.
Rolls-Royce said it invests in research and development "where the environment is supportive" The company employs about 13,000 people in Derby. The union fears that grants offered by the department for Business, Innovation and Skills could be turned into loans as a result of spending cuts. Mr Tinley said he wanted the firm to commit itself to the city.
The two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday, 9 October. Police are investigating the murder of an Italian aid worker who was shot on Monday. The Islamic State group says it is responsible for the killing. England are due to tour Bangladesh to play two Tests and three one-day internationals in October and November 2016.
Fungus can cause fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems. Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth. Fungus is found in bird's droppings and can infect the lungs or central nervous system. Scientists at the University of Sheffield and University of Birmingham carried out the research.
Plane was travelling from Manchester to Morocco when it was hit by lightning. The flight was diverted to London's Gatwick Airport, where it landed safely. The incident was described as "extremely rare" by the airline. The airline has apologised for any inconvenience caused by the incident.
Fossil shows evidence of a brain and nerve cords running through the creature's trunk. The fossil belongs to an extinct group of marine arthropods known as megacheirans. The ancestors of spiders and their kin lived side by side with the ancestors of crustaceans in the Lower Cambrian.
Victoria Gayle, 31, appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday. She was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body. Ms Gayle was also charged with perverting the course of justice. A 52-year-old man was also arrested on suspicion of preventing the burial.
The A344 next to the monument was shut in June to "restore the dignity" of the stone circle as part of a Â£27m project. Residents of villages including Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become "rat runs" for drivers avoiding congestion on the A303.
Kartari and Karam Chand are the longest married couple in the UK. They have eight children, 27 grandchildren and 23 great grandchildren. Mrs Chand is looking forward to getting a letter from The Queen when she celebrates her 100th birthday. Mr Chand is now unable to walk any distance without assistance and needs more care.
The 28-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season. Birmingham are willing to allow him to leave on a free transfer. Gianfranco Zola is also willing to consider a loan move for the Scotland international. Caddis is a player whose name is imprinted in Birmingham footballing folklore.
Australia in commanding position after two days of the second Test at Lord's. England recovered from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after Australia declared on 566-8. England paceman Stuart Broad accepts his side succumbed to pressure of the tourists' huge total. Johnson was named man of the series following Australia's Ashes win in 2013-14.
The Norwegian,  who also won the sixth stage of the race in Lisieux, proved the strongest of a breakaway group of 14 riders over the stage's final climb. Australian Cadel Evans is his nearest challenger - one minute 18 seconds behind with four stages to go. Mark Cavendish put in another solid shift, picking up a point at the intermediate checkpoint and retaining his green jersey.
Police confirm paint was thrown over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall.SDLP South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns condemned those behind the attack. He said the attack was "pointless" and a "pain and hardship" to ratepayers. The attack took place between 2300 BST on Monday and 1000 BST on Tuesday.
A boy, a man and a woman have died after a truck ploughed into a crowd of spectators. Five people are critically ill in hospital after the accident in Haaksbergen, Overijssel province. The driver of the truck has been detained and an inquiry has been opened, police say.
Frank Field said Jeremy Corbyn was in touch on "economic injustices" But he warned of an electoral "walloping" over security and migration. Mr Corbyn is against Britain's nuclear weapons system and has called on the UK to accept more refugees. Former front-bencher Chuka Umunna said May's elections would be "essential"
Seven of the county's 47 fire engines could be scrapped. Wrentham fire station may close as part of the £1.3m cuts. Suffolk Fire Brigades Union said they were "deeply concerned about the devastating cuts" The number of emergency calls in Suffolk has fallen from 10,000 in 2004 to 6,700 last year.
FBI boss James Comey says he is "very concerned" about Apple's plans. Apple is planning to enable a file encryption system on its iOS 8 software. This means it would not be able to comply with any official request to help police get at the data on those devices. Google has said it too is planning a similar encryption system by default on the next version of Android.
U.S. President Barack Obama advises on matters of science and technology. He warns of the risk of terrorists using the new technology. Small drones, such as flying cameras, are already available worldwide. America's Federal Aviation Administration is exploring how commercial drones can be safely introduced into US airspace.
US academics have produced international comparisons in key subjects. Using tests taken in 2011 by 900,000 pupils in over 60 countries. England has slipped in science, but is top 10 for primary and secondary maths. Top places in this global education league table have been taken by Singapore, Hong Kong and South Korea. Finland is among the highest placed European countries.
Smylie Kaufman will play with his fellow American on Sunday. Former champion Bernhard Langer and Japan's Hideki Matsuyama a further shot behind. McIlroy, 26, started the day one behind Spieth, but ended five back after a 77.
Parliament has already rejected military intervention in Syria, in 2013. Ministers say circumstances have changed since then and that they would only proceed this time with the backing of Parliament. There is no legal requirement for Parliamentary approval for military action. The legal arguments around intervention would be shaped by the complexities and conflicting interpretations of international law.
Norah Boyle, 85, suffered a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton. The pair delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs Boyle knocked her head on the head board. She died 23 days later after developing pneumonia.
Of 72 NHS hospital trusts who responded to a Freedom of Information request, the average rate for babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome was 0.2%. It is caused by women taking legal and illegal drugs while pregnant. Leicester General had one of the lowest rates with one in every 5,000 babies born addicted to a harmful substance.
The game features cards with a series of quiz questions. One answer claims the moon is 225 miles away from the earth - instead of about 238,900 miles. Manufacturer Paul Lamond Games said they "unreservedly apologise" and added replacement cards would be issued.
Officials are in high alert following Tuesday's attacks in Brussels. Last year, a friendly between Germany and the Netherlands in Hannover was called off due to a security threat. Some 72,000 people are expected to attend Saturday's match in Berlin between two of the favourites for June's Euro 2016.
Several species' vision was studied by an international team to identify this ultra-violet (UV) sensitivity. The findings, published in the journal Conservation Biology, claimed habitats and migration could be disrupted. The flashes, or corona, occur when charge builds up in a cable and is released into the air.
Imax has 239 theatres in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Box office revenue in the world's second largest economy jumped 36% last year to $4.9bn. The parent company is already listed in New York and its shares rose as much as 9% after the announcement.
Alesha O'Connor, Rhodri Miller, Corey Price, and Margaret Challis, 66, were killed near Storey Arms, Brecon, in March 2015. Rhodri was driving the teenagers in one car. The inquest was told Rhodri's car was one of seven vehicles in a convoy going on a drive from Barry on the night of 6 March.
Officers seized the Maserati GranCabrio on King's Road in Kingston. The basic model of the car can cost up to £100,000 new. The owner faces a minimum £300 fine and six points on their licence if found guilty of having no insurance.
No player has ever hit more than four in a game - Bobby Lowe was the first, for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May, 1894. Josh Hamilton was the most recent to tie the record, for Texas against Baltimore on 8 May, 2012. Gennett also tied a club record with 10 runs batted in.
Mark Gilmore was suspended in June 2014 by the county's police and crime commissioner. PCC Mark Burns-Williamson said prosecutors had concluded there was no criminal case for the chief constable to answer. Mr Gilmore will not return to his post immediately. An independent investigation will be carried out by Lancashire Police.
World number six Kei Nishikori beats Dan Evans 6-3 7-5 7-6 (7-3) in Birmingham. Andy Murray wins his first match since becoming a father last month. Britain are defending the title they regained last November for the first time in 79 years with victory against Belgium.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visits Mogadishu. Meeting with President Hassan Sheikh Mohamud under tight security. US backs Somali government in fight against Islamist militant group al-Shabab. BBC Somalia analyst Mary Harper says the US plays a crucial if controversial role in Somalia.
Rebecca Ellison, 34, who married Ferdinand in 2009, had breast cancer. She leaves behind three children, Lorenz, nine, Tate, six, and four-year-old Tia. Ferdinand: "She was a fantastic loving mother to our three beautiful children. She will be missed as a wife, sister, aunt, daughter and granddaughter"
Elizabeth Timar, 18, was last seen near Blackpool Sands at 19:45 BST on Monday. She was wearing a black top with a red top underneath, blue jeans, and a handbag. Devon and Cornwall Police have carried out a major air and sea search for her.
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock, 79, in Findon, near Worthing, last July. Mr Lock, a retired solicitor, was stabbed after crashing at about 16mph into the back of Mr Daley's car. The great-grandfather, who had recently been given the all-clear from prostate cancer, died at the scene.
The 48-year-old had been in charge of Posh since replacing Dave Robertson in September. He lifted the club as high as the play-off places in January. But they have since fallen to 14th in the table and lost four of their last five matches. Assistant Grant McCann will take charge for the final two games of the season.
New network will see up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast, Edinburgh, Cardiff and London. Service will be available to all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered on satellite, cable and online. Ofcom said it will decide on successful applicants this autumn, with the new channels expected to launch next year.
The pilot was flying solo during a training flight on Thursday. He radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire. The Hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron. They then flew in formation and landed safely. The RAF has offered no further details on the pilot's condition.
New Healthway, a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds, is printed by one of India's leading publishers. Academics have urged the government to exercise greater control. But the authorities say schools should monitor content as they are responsible for the choice of textbooks.
Shakrun Islam, 30, of Chipping Sodbury, is due before Bristol Crown Court on Friday. The pedestrian was hit at the Texaco garage on Roman Farm Road, Hengrove. His mother, Helen Stockford, said in a family statement: "We would like to thank the public and the emergency services"
Vale of Rheidol is one of the UK's oldest and most popular tourist attractions. It has been operating as a passenger service since the 1930s. It is now being restored to its former glory, with a new platform planned for the end of the line.
World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) made its latest claims two days before Russia finds out whether it can send athletes to the 2016 Rio Olympics. They were banned from international competition after Wada accused Russia of state-sponsored doping. Wada also highlighted the case of an athlete who, it says, used a container that had been inserted inside her.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the UK for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Wednesday for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Visit www.dailymail.co.uk/travel next week for a gallery of pictures from across the globe.
Joao Santana was widely seen as the architect of Ms Rousseff's 2010 and 2014 election victories. He has denied receiving bribes in a scheme to divert funds from the state-run oil company Petrobras. He was arrested in February after he returned from the Dominican Republic, where he was working on the re-election campaign.
The appeal, from Interpol, is part of an effort to track down individuals involved in illegal fishing, logging and wildlife trafficking. Members of the public who have any information on the possible location of the fugitives can use this form to contact Interpol. Information can also be given anonymously to any national crime stoppers programme.
The preliminary Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) fell to 47 in September, below forecasts of 47.5. The Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2% to 3,115.89 on the disappointing data. The private survey also marked the seventh consecutive month of contraction in the sector.
Gibbes will work under director of rugby Les Kiss, while current head coach Neil Doak's future is unclear. The 40-year-old former New Zealand player is currently forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne. He previously held a similar position at Leinster and won three Heineken Cups.
Kezia Dugdale accused the Scottish government of making cuts to schools and social care. UK Labour party leader Jeremy Corbyn pledged a future Labour government would repeal the Trade Union Bill. Unite's general Secretary Len McCluskey is set to urge Labour to apologise for "betraying" Scotland to stem the drift towards the SNP.
Two were picked up by a coastguard helicopter high up on the 3,196ft (974 metre) Munro. Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others on the lower slopes. Mountain weather forecasters were predicting winds of up to 80mph with frequent snow showers at summit level.
The $43bn (£33bn) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company. The deal was cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) About a quarter of  Syngenta's sales are in North America.
Rakhmat Akilov, 39, was arrested in a northern suburb of Stockholm. He is yet to be identified by police, who have only said he is an Uzbek national. He had failed in his bid to get residency in Sweden and was wanted by police. A former colleague said he was spending his days "sleeping and smoking"
Anthony Knockaert headed wide early on but striker Baldock made no mistake shortly after, guiding Gaetan Bong's cross into the top corner. Helder Costa came close to equalising just before the break but his long-range shot was tipped over by Brighton goalkeeper David Stockdale. Wolves pressed late on with several corners but Brighton held on.
Pidgeley has made 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs, including Chelsea, Watford and Millwall. Forest Green are currently second in the National League table, one point behind leaders Cheltenham Town. Pidgeley could make his Rovers debut when they host Aldershot on Friday.
Mr Banks said ex-leader Nigel Farage was UKIP's "biggest asset" and should be "engaged once again" He criticised UKIP's tactics in the Stoke Central by-election where Mr Nuttall failed to unseat Labour. He said the party had wrongly adopted a "red UKIP" strategy, copying Labour policies on the NHS.
Once again, it was only Celtic who were able to pay substantial sums in transfer fees. Manager Neil Lennon's focus in signing Leigh Griffiths and Stefan Johansen was not so much on results in the second half of the season. The motivation for the rest was not on forming any kind of challenge to the runaway reigning champions at the top but on securing a place in the top six.
Venezuela introduced price controls in 2003 to ensure the poor had access to staple goods. But shortages and inflation have replaced security as the biggest worry for Venezuelans. President Nicolas Maduro says shortages are caused by US-backed, far-right groups who smuggle and hoard products in an economic war.
The driver was taken to Bath's Royal United Hospital for treatment. His injuries are not thought to be serious, Wiltshire Police said. The road next to the pub was closed for several hours but has since reopened. The building has been deemed to be structurally safe, police said.
Davis has made 14 appearances for the Cod Army since joining on loan in October. The 22-year-old signed for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014, but did not feature for the first team. The length of Davis' deal with Fleetwood has not been disclosed.
Dina Asher-Smith pulls out of the women's 60m with a hamstring injury. Team captain Asha Philip finishes fifth in the 60m but misses out on a medal. Ashton Eaton wins his third successive heptathlon title to add to pentathlon title won by his Canadian wife Brianne Theisen-Eaton the day before.
Celtic become the first side in Scotland to complete an unbeaten treble. Derek McInnes' Dons were looking to end a 27-year wait to win the competition for an eighth time. A beautifully controlled half-volley from Jonny Hayes after nine minutes was reward for a fine Dons start. But Celtic were level within two minutes as Stuart Armstrong was given too much time to pick out the far corner.
Kettings, 23, spent three months on loan at National League side Bromley last season. The former Scotland Under-21 international was released by Crystal Palace after he failed to make an appearance during his two years at the club. He is the sixth new signing since Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson was appointed as manager.
The week-long pre-trial hearing at Guantanamo Bay will largely focus on issues of secrecy. Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is accused of masterminding the attacks while the others are implicated for providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking. In May, a chaotic hearing in the case lasted 13 hours.
Beyonce is up for the main prize, album of the year, for her visual album Lemonade. She is up against Adele, who previously won the ceremony's top three prizes in 2012. Kanye West receives eight nominations for his album The Life Of Pablo. Drake and Rihanna also have eight nominations, including three for their hit collaboration, Work.
David Cameron said a stadium would "inspire young people, brings jobs and wealth" Labour said it was a "cynical" attempt to distract voters. Liberal Democrats questioned where the funds would come from. Recent planning rows have left the future of the stadium in question.
Rooney is in the final 18 months of his £250,000-a-week contract. The 28-year-old is the fourth-highest goalscorer in United history. He was linked with a move to Chelsea at the end of last season. United hope to conclude contract talks in the coming week.
The Stags say the deal contains an option to agree a permanent move. The 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U's last season. He has not played a game for the Stags so far this season. Steve Evans: "This is a young man who I first tried to sign"
The aircraft, nicknamed "Bette" after one of its pilot's girlfriends, was built in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund. It was stationed in Cornwall, Hampshire, Norfolk and Shropshire during the war but crashed in 1944. Experts believe it would cost about Â£1.8m to fully restore the plane.
Korean firm Doosan Power Systems is to locate a research centre in Renfrew. It also wants to build a manufacturing plant in Scotland, creating up to 500 direct jobs and 1,000 supply-side jobs.Renfrew-based Steel Engineering aims to double its 120 staff by opening a new plant.
Staff at Mountfitchet Castle were surprised to find two nests next to the boar. Owner Jeremy Goldsmith said seeing the hatched chicks had been a "lovely surprise" He said it remained unclear why the hens had made the nests, though it was likely they chose it because it was a secluded spot with straw.
Net migration rose by 30% in the year to June, to 336,000. David Cameron has said he will not abandon his aim to reduce the figure. Home affairs select committee said the immigration cap had been "counter-productive" Keith Vaz said the cap was having "no effect" on bringing down net migration.
The breakdown service reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4% to 3,335,000 in the six months to the end of January. The increase in memberships - an "important milestone" - halted a long-standing drop in figures. The AA said it would look at its fees if the tax increased again.
Arsenal goalkeeper Cech fills his time by performing fills - on his drum kit. Ex-Millwall centre-half Ward is captain at League Two Yeovil Town, but has a family business on the side - a cattery in Hertfordshire. Everton full-back Hibbert has not made a first-team appearance this season.
In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for Easter Sunday to be fixed on the first Sunday after the second Saturday in April. This has never been activated and Easter has remained variable, determined by the moon's cycle. Archbishop Welby said he hoped the change would happen "in between five and 10 years time"
Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot, a chemical weapons factory and a training camp. The anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit, along with the Taj Hall and Furousiya area. IS militants are currently under pressure from two separate offensives by Russian-backed Syrian government forces.
Jaguar Land Rover announces plans to create an extra 1,700 jobs at its base in Solihull. It is on top of 800 jobs created in January. Mayor Joe Tildesley: "It's a status vehicle people aspire to have" Mother-of-three Julie Henn: "People are proud to have JLR here"
Caton follows Jamie McCombe, 33, in signing for the National League side. The 22-year-old has not appeared for Shrewsbury this season, but has played once for Mansfield Town and four times for Wrexham while on loan. Caton has also played for Blackpool and has loan spells with Accrington and Chester.
The 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block a lower-court ruling. Mr Trump responded with an angry tweet saying national security was at risk. But the 3-0 unanimous ruling said the government had not proved the terror threat justified reviving the ban. The case is now likely to end up at the highest court, the US Supreme Court.
Plans to replace paid staff at seven schools in Huddersfield with volunteers were scrapped. The decision was made after a public consultation. The council said it would take three years for the changes to be implemented. The changes would affect the schools' ability to recruit and train staff.
Sheffield Wednesday draw 1-1 at home to Burnley in the Championship. The result leaves the hosts a point outside the Championship play-offs. Burnley are three points behind second-placed Middlesbrough, having played two games more. The Clarets could have won it but Sam Vokes could not get a clean contact on Matt Taylor's ball in.
Like-for-like sales were up by 4.9% during the quarter compared with a year earlier. The company said it would continue to benefit from "low cost pressures and a stronger consumer environment" But it warned that wage pressures could drive costs up next year. Shares in Greggs opened sharply higher and continued to climb in afternoon trading.
Jung won aboard Sam, who was a late replacement when Fischertakinou contracted an infection in July. France's Astier Nicolas took silver and American Phillip Dutton won bronze as GB's William Fox-Pitt finished 12th.Fox-Pitt, 47, was competing just 10 months after being placed in an induced coma following a fall.
A stake in a local energy business could cost from just Â£5. The scheme could generate an annual return of between 6% and 9%. It has been developed by the renewable industry and community groups. Similar programmes in Denmark have been running for more than two decades.
A five-year-old cat called Ruby was shot in the spine and put down by vets. Another cat in Cranleigh survived but lost her eye. Franky Mills faces eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence. He has been released on bail and is due to appear before Guildford magistrates on 9 August.
Oneil Din, 27, from Coventry, got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach, Cornwall on 15 August. The council said the beach had become more dangerous since a breakwater was damaged by storms in 2015. The duchy said new warning signs were put up in 2016 and it planned to "see what more can possibly be done"
The Natural History Museum is putting on a major summer exhibition on cetaceans. A sequence of seven humpback foetuses will go on display for the first time. The specimens were collected at the beginning of the 20th Century by scientists who had been sent to the Antarctic to gather data on the whaling fleets.
Bank halved its bank rate from 0.5% as it tried to ensure the stability of the UK's banking system. But the Bank said again that it might cut rates further in the coming months. The Bank noted that a variety of economic indicators have suggested the UK economy has shrugged off the post-referendum surprise in the short-term.
State media have been stressing the waters have been China's "since ancient times" Xinhua news agency described the decision as "illegal and invalid" State-run CCTV cited the foreign ministry's view that the tribunal proceedings were "null and void" There was an immediate attempt to control online discussion in China.
Japan's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7% to 19,520.21, its biggest loss in nearly four months. US economy grew at an annual rate of 0.2% in the first three months of the year, far lower than forecasts. Federal Reserve also kept interest rates at a record low, blaming the slower growth on "transitory factors"
A draw was inevitable after only 86.2 overs were possible on the first four days after heavy rain in Sydney. West Indies, who resumed on 248-7, were 330 all out before Warner hit an 82-ball century. Australia were already 2-0 up in the series, but the draw stops them from moving top of the Test rankings.
Floodwater is also threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic. At least 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods. More than 30,000 people in the eastern city of Halle have been told to leave their homes after rivers reached their highest level in 400 years.
The mother-of-five was airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent. North Wales Police has said her 46-year-old partner has been arrested. The incident took place close to Caernarfon's Crown Court and fire station. Police said the victim remains in a serious but stable condition.
Police were called to Oxlow Lane, Dagenham, at 23:00 BST on Saturday. Officers recovered three large knives, scissors and cannabis from the crowd. Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested - one on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon. Scotland Yard said no one was injured at the event.
Nigeria's cricket league boasts about 99% of the national team. Most of the 400 players in its two divisions are "from the streets" The Lagos league was started more than 15 years ago. It has helped raise the profile of cricket and the opportunity to play it.
Andrew Haldane said he was downbeat over the UK economy because of weaker global growth, low wage growth and financial and political risks. He made his remarks at a speech to local business leaders in Kenilworth, where he described the UK's economy as "writhing in both agony and ecstasy"
Foxconn posted a net profit of NT$37bn ($1.2bn; Â£814m) in the October to December quarter. It also reported a 16% jump in full year profit for 2012 to NT$94.8bn. Apple accounts for almost half of Foxconn's total revenue.
St Winefride's Well has been a place of pilgrimage for more than 1,300 years. It is the oldest continually venerated shrine of any British saint. The healing waters of her well are said to bring forth miraculous cures. Henry V walked from Shrewsbury to the shrine to thank her for his victory.
The Brazilian Grand Prix takes place at Interlagos in Sao Paulo. The track is inextricably linked with the city and the sport. It is one of the shortest races on the calendar but packs in a long straight. It has a challenging sequence of long corners, the best the uphill double right-hander of Ferra Dura/Laranha.
Elgan Varney, 33, was accused of raping Hannah Stubbs, 22, at Keele University. The 22-year-old student killed herself at her Stafford home in August 2015. Judge John Fletcher cleared Mr Varney of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault. CPS said it was no longer satisfied there was a realistic prospect of conviction.
Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production at its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end by March 2018. The plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the next three years, the company said. It is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in the Netherlands.
The mythical ruler's legendary court has been associated with locations throughout Wales, including Carmarthen, St David's, and Cardigan. A retired Bangor University professor has revealed what he believes to be the true location of Camelot. It turns out to be a small Roman fort at Slack, on the outskirts of Huddersfield.
Jamie Vardy has not scored for Leicester since 10 September. Vardy scored in England's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain last week. Leicester have slipped to 14th in the Premier League table since Vardy's last goal. Leicester host Middlesbrough in the league on Saturday (15:00 GMT)
Only ten Conservative MPs have declared their position publicly, by joining the "Better Off Out" group, which campaigns openly for withdrawal. A third of those now on the Conservative benches would like to see a fundamental renegotiation of the UK's relationship with Europe, and another third would like Britain to come out altogether. The latest intake of Tory MPs is far and away the most Eurosceptic in the Conservative Party's history.
Tories will have to cut 10,000 police officers, 28,000 carers and 25,000 military personnel to pay for tax cuts promised by George Osborne. David Cameron has accused Nick Clegg of "running away from his record" Lib Dems want to raise the income tax threshold to £12,500 by 2020.
Police were called to Jackson Road in Clacton at about 21:10 BST on Tuesday. The female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital. A colleague who also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury. A 23-year-old woman and a man aged 21 were arrested and released under investigation.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets in their T20 World Cup final. The Windies had lost all eight of their previous T20s against Australia. Captain Stafanie Taylor: "We didn't get the result we wanted but we're looking forward to it"
Paul Nuttall won the party's leadership contest on Monday. He took 9,622 votes with 62.6% of support among party members. UKIP's ruling national executive committee had agreed to hold a ballot of Welsh members on whether Mr Gill should continue to be both an AM and an MEP.
Oasis, a community and education charity, runs the primary school in Birmingham where Benefits Street was filmed. The kit contains advice on how to discourage television producers. It also has what it calls a "decoder" to translate what a producer might really mean. Despite more than 900 complaints, watchdog Ofcom ruled that Channel 4 did not breach the broadcasting code.
Pensioners will be able to retire at the age of 65. They will be eligible for a pension of up to £20,000 a year. The pension is to be paid out of a fund set up by the government. The fund will be set up to help pensioners in need of financial help.
Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in September 2015. He said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens. Mrs Wright, from Kent, died three months later. A tweet by the National Trust has been shared more than 600 times.
Ivory Coast bans cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams. Dermatologist says products may contain excessive amounts of steroids. South Africa has the world's toughest laws against skin lighteners. But a study found that more than a third of South African women still buy them.
Lib Dem leader Lord Oates says his party is prepared to "concede everything" to get a deal on the EU. But the Labour leader says the party will continue to fight for what it wants. The two parties have a long history of working together on issues such as the NHS and housing.
A further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes. Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning revealed the figures after a written parliamentary question by Lib Dem leader Tim Farron. The UK has conducted more than 1,200 airstrikes in Iraq and Syria since it became involved - more than any other coalition country bar the United States.
The hacker, known as His Royal Gingerness (HRG), said he wanted to highlight the website's "vulnerability" He claimed he knew of someone who had planned to plant a bomb hoax in the system over Christmas. The airport's operations director promised a robust replacement site would be operational within weeks.
Lancashire County Council has earmarked land on the former Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College. The sports college closed in August, while the Westbank campus is also unused. The decision follows a comparative study by Network Rail of both sites and one near the Concourse shopping centre.
Manuel Wagner, 29, has been found guilty of murder and sentenced to a minimum jail term of 16 years. Mr Borgye, 36, was killed in May 2009 and buried in the outbuilding of the house he shared with Wagner and fellow Frenchmen Sebastian Bendou and Dominik Kocher. Two other men were convicted in 2014.
Ukraine's top cyber-cop disclosed that some of the nation's largest companies were still too scared to share the full scale of the fallout with his investigators. One cybersecurity veteran has been investigating how a local software developer's program, MeDoc, came to be hijacked to spread the malware.
Sale centre Johnny Leota was sent off in a scuffle late on. The hosts dominated the first half as tries for Charles Piutau, Rob Miller and Ashley Johnson secured a 25-0 lead. Sale rallied through scores from David Seymour and Neil Briggs. Jimmy Gopperth then crossed to add the try bonus point for the hosts.
Accident happened on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn. Police said a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a "serious leg injury" Her injury is not thought to be life-threatening. Four other people suffered minor injuries but were later released.
Mr Dewani, 34, left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance that was guarded by police. He is believed to have flown in from Dubai rather than taking a direct flight from Cape Town to the UK. Judge Jeanette Traverso cleared Mr Dewani after ruling the prosecution case that the care home boss from Bristol had arranged the death of his wife Anni was flawed.
Cuadrilla's plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton were approved in October. The firm says it will put Lancashire first for creating jobs, new skills, investment, and community initiatives. Opponents said they were surprised by the news since a legal challenge to the government's decision is outstanding.
Humberto Benitez Trevino's daughter tried to close down Maximo Bistro in Mexico City. She was angry that the restaurant did not give her a table she wanted. The episode became a trending topic on Twitter under the hashtag #ladyprofeco. President Pena Nieto ordered his dismissal on Wednesday.
The planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears that they could either be used or destroyed by foreign forces. At the time they were unused, still in crates, and yet to be assembled. Downing Street source said it was "hoped this will be an opportunity to work with the reforming Burmese government"
Coastguard helicopter from St Athan, in Vale of Glamorgan, flew to scene. Pair were helped to the top of the ridge by Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team (MRT) volunteers. They were then winched aboard the helicopter and dropped off at Nant Peris.
Immigration minister James Brokenshire said he hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks. It is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail. Of those, it is estimated that about 100 may have to be released. The system, introduced in 2000, accelerates legal hearings and appeals.
David Cameron appears to concede to calls for an English parliament for English people. But the financial transfer from England to the rest of the UK may be harder to sustain. Public services in Scotland are a fifth higher per person than south of the border. Spending on public-sector services per head is highest in Northern Ireland and lowest in England.
Mohammed Ali Ege, originally from Cardiff, was arrested in India in 2011. But he escaped police custody in India last week. Aamir Siddiqi, 17, was stabbed at his home in Roath in 2010. Two men, Jason Richards and Ben Hope, were jailed for life.
Chris May, 28, was last seen by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015. His abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles (16km) away in Fairstead. His case was formally declared a murder by Essex Police investigation exactly a year later.
The Kirkcaldy-based firm also wants to extend its sourcing operation in China and grow further in Australia. The six-month project at Havelock Europa is expected to "follow the wealth", where market opportunities arise in the UK and globally. The firm has been through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years.
James Watt and Martin Dickie started brewing beer together as a hobby in their early 20s. They were inspired to brew American-style craft beers - sweet-tasting ales with high alcohol levels and very large amounts of US hops. BrewDog is due to see its turnover top £32m this year.
Sterling falls against the dollar, euro and Japanese yen. FTSE 100 down 1.1% at 6,044.9 points, Lloyds Banking Group biggest faller. Volatility index hits levels last seen in 2008 financial crisis. Two polls at the weekend put the Leave camp ahead.
David Harris, 68, was found guilty of offering to pay an undercover policeman £150,000 to murder Hazel Allinson. He wanted to inherit her West Sussex home and elope with sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute, 28. Court of Appeal confirmed papers had been lodged for an appeal.
Konstandinos Erik Scurfield, 25, died near the Syrian city of Qamishli. His coffin was handed over to his father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Syrian Kurds. His father, Chris, said the ceremony had been "overwhelming" He is said to have travelled to Syria three or four months ago.
The US appeals court overturned a 2013 ruling against the NSA's phone-records programme. Congress is expected to vote next week on a bill to extend the programme. But some senators are pushing for an extension of Section 215 of the Patriot Act. The law allows the NSA to collect phone records, but not the content of calls.
Lindegaard made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years. The 32-year-old Dane spent the second half of last season on loan at the Lilywhites. Lindegaard: "It was a very easy decision. I could have gone to several other clubs in England"
Devon and Cornwall Police said delays in judicial process left Vinnie in kennels for two years before he was destroyed. Former kennel workers have released a video showing both Stella and a seized Rottweiler named Vinnie. The video, taken on the day Vinnie was put down, shows staff playing with Vinnie while Stella rubs noses with him through metal mesh.
Streatham MP said Labour should not be "screaming at the electorate" He also criticised Jeremy Corbyn, amid reports that he is doing well in the race to be Labour leader. Mr Umunna said he had nothing against the Islington North MP but his political views were not "a politics that can win"
Allan Stanley, 76, of Nefyn, was snorkelling around the island of Gozo. His widow Diane told the inquest in Caernarfon it happened in seconds. A conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones.
36 men were hanged a year ago for their part in the massacre. IS filmed the killings, at the former US base of Camp Speicher, near Tikrit. Most of the victims are believed to have been young Shia recruits who were based at the camp when Tikrit was overrun by IS.
Magicseaweed provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches. Surfstitch purchased the firm as part of a combined deal that also includes surf magazine Stab. The firm employs 22 people in Kingsbridge, taking data from offshore weather buoys to forecast surfing conditions.
Garcia was eight under after five holes when play was stopped. He added five birdies and a bogey as he carded a five-under-par 67. Nacho Elvira is nine under, a shot clear of Open champion Henrik Stenson. Chris Paisley carded the joint-best second round with 66.
Bradford lost 2-1 to Colchester in League One on Saturday. It was the Bantams' first win in the competition since October. Kevin Keen's side dropped two places to ninth in the table after the defeat. The defeat was Bradford's first in five games.
Huts based on archaeological remains found at Durrington Walls, near Stonehenge. Project leader Luke Winter: "What we're trying to do is get a sense of what these buildings looked like above-ground" The hope is to re-build the huts atStonehenge visitor centre next year.
At least 21 people were arrested in Berkeley, California, in clashes between Trump opponents and supporters. The protests were timed to coincide with the traditional mid-April deadline for Americans to file their tax returns. The idea for the themed march came from law professor Jennifer Taub. She was angered when presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway said President Trump would not be releasing his tax returns because "people don't care"
Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko are close to agreeing a fight. The IBF heavyweight champion would then fight for the WBO title. The WBO is yet to confirm the decision but is expected to sanction the bout. The bout would take place in Parker's native New Zealand.
Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod, does dim gwobr - dim ond am h-wy-l... (dyna ddigon nawr. Gol.)
Northampton hooker expected to be named skipper by Eddie Jones on Monday. RFU chief executive Ritchie says he has "paid the penalty" for previous bans. Ritchie confirms RFU is monitoring case of Ospreys flanker Sam Underhill. Toulon president Mourad Boudjelall has written to Premiership Rugby about the prospect.
Otto Warmbier, 22, was arrested in January 2016 while visiting North Korea as a tourist. He was given a 15-year prison sentence for attempting to steal a propaganda sign from a hotel. North Korea claims his medical condition was caused by botulism and a sleeping pill he was given after his trial. But his father says his son had been treated "brutally"
Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather will fight in Las Vegas on Saturday. The fight has engendered a mix of intrigue and revulsion from observers. Both fighters and their camps have been candid in admitting the contest is all about the cash. But the language they have used to boost their mega pay day has been disgraceful.
Lionel Portillo-Meza was arrested in Mexico in 2012 and flown to the US on Tuesday. He has been charged with murder, as well as assault and other charges. Weapons found at the scene of his death were linked to a US anti-gun-running scheme.
Threats made to Jewish community centres across the U.S. on Monday. The calls were made using voice-recognition technology. The JCC Association of North America says it is investigating the threats. The group says it has received more than 100 complaints in the past month.
Jonathan Joseph was England's outstanding performer at Twickenham. The 21-year-old fly-half has what England fans crave from their number 10. He has what they crave: creativity, a little conjuring, the quickness of mind and foot. George Ford, man of the match in the Millennium, is not cowed by early disappointment.
Baidu has been developing self-drive vehicles since 2015. The firm predicted that the move would help drive the development of autonomous vehicles. Other firms in the sector, such as Tesla and Google, have tended to keep key developments secret. The more cars using its technology, the more data it should be able to harvest.
Limited services will run on Scotrail, Gatwick and Heathrow Express lines. There will be no Virgin West Coast mainline services on Monday or Tuesday. Widespread cancellations expected on CrossCountry Trains, Chiltern Railways, Arriva Trains Wales and First Great Western on Monday and Tuesday.
The man, allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen, was arrested at a railway station in Kolkata (Calcutta) The incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests in many cities across the country. Police have identified eight suspects in the attack, of which two still remain untraced.
An emoji of the Chilean flag is widely available while one of the Texas flag is not yet. The Chilean flag with its white star on a blue background resembles that of the Lone Star state. The resolution would be non-binding and cannot pass into law. No penalties for using the wrong flag emoji.
US rights are already with NBC Universal at $83m (£53.2m) a season. Premier League chairman Richard Scudamore said NBC Universal's coverage of the previous two seasons had driven interest in clubs, and the competition as a whole, to unprecedented levels. The new US agreement is in addition to the domestic rights deal and covers all Premier League matches in seasons 2016-17 to 2021-22.
Part of Milford Road is expected to be closed until the summer. The road is "just too narrow" in parts to be kept open. More than 12 miles (20km) of new pipes are being laid from Shugborough to Stafford. The first phase of the project began in September.
The foreign ministry said a Russian jet flew into its airspace on Friday. Moscow described the claim as "baseless propaganda" Tensions between the two countries have been high since November. Russia has been carrying out air strikes in Syria since September. It has been targeting forces fighting the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
Falcons lie eighth, having won six of their 14 matches, after finishing 11th for the previous three campaigns. Newcastle host Northampton, who they beat 22-16 earlier this season, on Sunday, with the Saints one place above the Falcons in the table. "I want people to look at our combativeness and 'never willing to lie down' attitude. We are getting there. Every game has been a battle for other teams," says Falcons boss.
The 26-year-old has made just one appearance since joining Posh in November. Graham Westley's side currently have injuries to Callum Elder, Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe. Posh, currently sixth in the table, are at home against Chesterfield on Boxing Day.
Cycling's governing body the UCI found the 19-year-old's spare bike contained a motor at January's Cyclo-cross World Championships in Belgium. The motor was hidden, along with a battery, in the tube below the saddle. She has also been fined 20,000 Swiss francs (£14,000) and ordered to pay legal costs.
The UFC's new $14m performance institute opened in May. Fighters can mimic conditions at 10,000ft of altitude, clock miles on an underwater treadmill, or analyse the density of specific muscles. The attention to detail is stunningly intricate and it was Manchester City's own training complex which offered key elements of the blueprint.
Bath player Ford missed six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27-13 victory over Wales 11 days ago. That - combined with 24-year-old Farrell's form for title-winning Saracens - has convinced coach Eddie Jones to make the change. Luther Burrell is likely to take the inside-centre role vacated by Farrell.
Katie Milby, 13, has Morquio A, a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the UK. Her friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available on the NHS. The drug replaces a missing enzyme which allows children to continue to grow, improving stamina and the ability to walk.
Lichfield are the only Premiership side not to be included in the new Women's Super Rugby competition. Staffordshire club are second in the Premiership - the top-flight of English rugby as it stands. Lichfield director of rugby Becky Williams said it was "devastating" to miss out on the new 10-team league.
Gareth Southgate's side went out in the group stage in the Czech Republic. Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jack Wilshere were among those eligible but not called up. Ashworth: "We made the decision and I back it"
President-elect Donald Trump has threatened to tear up existing trade deals. He has called the North American Free Trade Agreement (Nafta) a "horrible deal" He has also threatened to withdraw from the 2011 free trade agreement with South Korea. But the WTO has congratulated Mr Trump on his victory and appeared to acknowledge his concerns over trade.
Mike Hall and two colleagues from West Midlands Police's cannabis team were flagged down by a driver in Wolverhampton. The passenger was in labour and Mr Hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl. Mr Hall said it was a day he "won't forget in a hurry"
Manu Tuilagi has been offered a new deal by Leicester Tigers. The 24-year-old is attracting interest from several clubs, including Wasps and Saracens. Leicester boss Richard Cockerill says he is "very positive" about the England centre staying. Worcester Warriors director of rugby Dean Ryan says there is no truth to reports of an offer.
Jemma Beale, 25, claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six, all strangers, in four encounters spanning three years. Beale was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court. Judge Nicholas Loraine-Smith told Beale: "This trial has revealed, what was then not obvious, that you are a very, very convincing liar"
Jury told defendant had a "predatory interest" in young girls. He was one of nine men convicted of offences against 15 girls in the East Midlands. Judge said sentence shows how serious the crimes were. He said the victims had shown "courage" in standing up to the man.
Crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on Friday. Five appliances were initially sent to the scene with one remaining on site on Saturday afternoon. No-one was injured in the incident and no-one has been named as a suspect. The incident is still under investigation.
50mm of rain fell in an hour, damaging the banks of the River Nene. Homes were evacuated and an air display cancelled in Lincolnshire. Police in Cambridgeshire urged people to avoid driving on the county's roads unless absolutely necessary due to the "deluge of rain"
The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says it has found no evidence to support claims that the bodies were incinerated. The Mexican government is sending forensic experts to the area. The move was announced by Attorney General Arely Gomez Shortly after the IACHR report was published.
More than 2,000 troops will be deployed to Somalia to help with the war effort. The mission is part of the African Union's peacekeeping mission in the region. The U.S. military has been involved in the conflict for more than a decade. The African Union says it is committed to supporting the U.N. mission in Somalia.
Summer Wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown about 150 yards into the crowd at Duffus Park in Cupar, Fife. She had previously battled a rare type of cancer, which was diagnosed just after her third birthday. Her father Christian wrote on Facebook that his daughter was "comfortable"
The 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career spanning 15 years. She was in the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds. Wambach will be with the US team for all four of its December matches. Her final game will come on 16 December against China in New Orleans as the last match of the 10-game tour.
Only 0.5% of women in the UK are still breastfeeding after a year. That compares with 23% in Germany, 56% in Brazil and 99% in Senegal. Researchers say it is a "widespread misconception" that breastfeeding is beneficial only in poor countries. The Lancet report said breastfeeding in developed countries reduced the risk of sudden infant deaths.
The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year deal with the Pro12 club. Kebble will arrive following his commitments with the Stormers and Western Province in South Africa. He won the 2012 Under-20s World Championship with South Africa and is the son of former Springbok Guy KebBLE.
Widnes Vikings lie in fifth place in the Super League table. The Vikings have conceded 103 points in their last four games. Widnes face Warrington Wolves on Friday night in the final game of the season. Click here for all the latest rugby union and rugby league news.
The Mail on Sunday has named the woman as Virginia Roberts. She claims she was forced to sleep with the prince when she was under age. Prince Andrew has been criticised for his friendship with financier Jeffrey Epstein. He was sentenced to 18 months in prison for soliciting a minor for prostitution.
The Stags had glorious chances to win it as Matt Green hit the crossbar from only five yards out and Reggie Lambe also hit the woodwork. The visitors went in front when Luke Summerfield's free-kick was met by a deft touch by Dave Winfield.
The 28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition. He was found in North Street at 07:10 GMT on Saturday. A man, 28, and a woman, 43, from Brighton were arrested on suspicion of robbery. A third man, 30, has been arrested on a suspicion of grievous bodily harm.
Clive Weatherhogg set up meetings between a woman and a man he found through an adult website, and filmed them having sex. He sent a message containing a sexually explicit clip to the victim's sister on Christmas Day. The 42-year-old was also placed on the sex offenders register. He had denied the charges but was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Rhodes scored six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro after joining from Blackburn for £9m in January 2016. He started his career with Ipswich and had loan spells with Oxford, Rochdale and Brentford before joining Huddersfield in July 2009. The Owls had to wait until Wednesday for the English Football League to decide if the deal had been completed.
Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed in the blaze on 21 August. The school's 453 pupils are currently being taught at four locations in the Selsey area. The temporary buildings will house science labs, workshops and food technology areas, the school said.
British and Irish Lion North, 23, has signed a new contract with Northampton Saints. The 23-year-old's previous deal was due to expire next summer. North, capped 55 times by Wales, has appeared 42 times for Saints. Jonathan Davies will return to Scarlets from Clermont Auvergne on a Welsh Rugby Union dual contract next season.
Two-time Wimbledon champion beats Romania's Halep 6-1 6-2. Kvitova will face Slovakian 10th seed Dominika Cibulkova in the final. Cibulkova beat Svetlana Kuznetsova 3-6 6-3 6-4.
Gerald Lavey, 30, said his children clung to him during the attack by up to six men at his home. He said the gang dragged him from his living room to the front garden where he was beaten with iron bars and nails. Police said they consider both incidents to be linked.
The former Nova Centre in Prestatyn will be given a new gym, cafe and pool-side changing rooms as part of the Â£4.2m revamp. Three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also be built. The work, starting on Monday, is expected to be finished by July.
The cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims. 12 men were jailed last year for their part in a single sex attack. A police spokesperson said the figures show a rise in the number of sex offences in the UK in the last year. The figures were given to the BBC by West Yorkshire Police.
Eight people were found dead in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio, Texas, and 31 others were treated. The driver, named as James Mathew Bradley, 60, could face the death penalty. Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling.
For just over a year when she was 14 years old, I suffered from anorexia nervosa. Weighing a tiny amount, I bought children's clothing and consumed fewer than 500 calories a day. I developed techniques and deceptive ways to make it look like I'd eaten when I hadn't.
The Windrush generation came to the UK in the 1940s and 1950s. The exhibition will be on display at the Forest Recreation Ground and the Victoria Embankment in Nottingham for the first time. Organisers say it will give an insight into the lives of those who came to Britain.
Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle called the rumoured plans "unacceptable interference" BBC source said it would be odd to make it harder for people to watch programmes they had paid for.Details are expected in this month's White Paper on BBC Charter renewal. It could see the BBC forced to move popular shows such as Strictly Come Dancing.
Barbara Stensland, 43, from Cardiff, went to Carmarthen on 5 August. When she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue, less than one mile (1.6km) away, she was refused. Carmarthenshire council's senior licensing officer said: "We will investigate this matter and take any necessary steps"
Philae was dropped on to the surface of Comet 67P by its mothership, Rosetta. It worked for 60 hours before its solar-powered battery ran flat. The comet has since moved nearer to the Sun and Philae has enough power to work again. Scientists now hope to carry out experiments to see whether comets were the source of life on Earth.
Sgt Jon Harris had been sent to an alleged assault in the Waterloo Bar in Argyle Street on Wednesday night. After dealing with the incident he surprised customers by belting out the classic 70s track on the karaoke. Peter McKenna-Boyd, who filmed the performance, said: "Everybody just loved it"
The hosts lost opener Chris Dent for a duck in the fourth over. Will Tavare (20) and Michael Klinger (10) continued a steady fall of wickets. Hamish Marshall (58) and Phil Mustard (38) led the hosts' recovery. Viljoen swept through the tail to end with impressive figures of 5-55.
Arlene Foster said the DUP was prepared to take "our own action" if the government did not intervene. First Minister Peter Robinson urged the prime minister to suspend the Northern Ireland Assembly. The crisis was sparked by the murder of an ex-IRA man and the Ulster Unionists' subsequent exit from the executive.
Northants elected to field first and chipped away with regular wickets. Keaton Jennings, Cameron Steel and Graham Clark were all dismissed for 20. Barry McCarthy took 2-20 as Durham hit back, but Northants finished the day 59-3, 107 runs behind.
Margaret Fleming, 36, was last seen at her home in Inverkip on 28 October. She is described as about 5ft 5in tall, with collar-length black hair and brown eyes. Police are trying to build a picture of her life, which she kept "quite private"
Powwownow says the images are not targeting those with facial disfigurements. It says the characters in its campaign are "commonplace in the world of computer games, TV, entertainment and film" Changing Faces says the adverts are "insensitive" because of the similarity to masks worn by people recovering from burns.
Bolton Wanderers beat Sheffield United 3-1 in their Premier League clash. Goals from Gary Madine, Sammy Ameobi and Josh Vela secured victory. Sheffield United had a goal disallowed for offside in the first half. Paul Coutts gave the Blades hope with a deflected effort after 64 minutes. Jack O'Connell scored an 86th-minute consolation for the visitors.
The French Council of the Muslim Faith (CFCM) is holding an open-house event. The event comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris. The CFCM wants to "set straight the cliches about links to violence and terrorism" The event is being held in memory of those who died in the attacks.
Catches of saithe, whiting and herring will be decreased in line with long-term management plans. The total allowable catch for cod would be 29,189 tonnes, 5% up on 2014. A 6% increase in the haddock catch to 40,711 tonnes gives the UK an additional 3,468 tonnes.
Pilot Iain McKay and his wife were found at a pub in Houghton Regis. An off duty policeman alerted the ambulance crews of the couple's whereabouts. Both patients were checked over by the doctor but didn't require further treatment. The Air Accident Investigation Branch has yet to comment.
Swansea Canal Society has spent more than 25,000 hours restoring the last five miles between Clydach and Ynysmeudwy. The last section of the canal was buried in World War Two, but has now been re-pointed and re-laid.
Sexton was injured against Castres on 20 January but is said to be "feeling very positive" about his recovery. O'Brien has completed the rehabilitation on his calf issue and was expected to take full part in Monday afternoon's training session. uncapped Munster wing Andrew Conway has been ruled out after aggravating an existing groin problem.
Landlords will also be required to check a migrant's status in advance of agreeing a lease. Repeat offenders could face up to five years in prison. Critics have said it may lead to UK citizens being refused accommodation. The proposals are to be included in the upcoming Immigration Bill. They come as the British and French governments struggle to deal with a migrant crisis.
Mr Opstelten had said the trafficker was paid less than he actually was for money wrongly confiscated by the state. He also said details of the payment had been lost, but this was not so. The resignations are a blow to the Liberal party as it faces an election.
Forfar are seven points clear of Arbroath, who move above Elgin City by beating them 3-2. Edinburgh City extended their unbeaten league run to seven matches with a 0-0 draw. Montrose won 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers, while Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic to move off bottom spot.
Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd, part of the Tulloch Homes Group, had sought approval for the scheme. The housing project has been going through the planning process for more than 10 years. The planning committee's reasons for refusal were that environmental impacts had not been fully assessed.
Patients on two wards at University Hospital Llandough are suffering from the illness, which can pass quickly from person to person. Hospital said the spread of the virus would be limited if people made only absolutely necessary visits.Cardiff and Vale health board said it was asking people to be "sensible"
China is once again prey to political groupthink and fear. The latest trigger is a speech by a Chinese student at an American campus. Shuping Yang praised the fresh air and freedom of speech she had found at the University of Maryland. The video clip of her speech quickly went viral and triggered an outpouring of anger.
Crocodile farmers want to harvest eggs from the wild to sell to global fashion houses. But conservationists say only a few crocodiles survive in the wild. The Northern Territory government is reviewing its crocodile management plan. The government says it will only back the plan if it does not threaten the crocodile's survival.
The fleet of more than 40 vehicles covers about 1,865 miles (3,000km) of roads. Officials said the service was stood down in April but had to start again surprisingly soon. The authority said it had about 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock.
Ricky travels the country meeting the robots of the future and the scientists working on them. From spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan, Ricky finds out how and why our relationship with robots is changing, fast. Check out his first report here...
"I didn't know what to do at the time as we weren't talking," she said. She said there was nothing more she could have done to help the children. "It's not fair because they are still going to have their own lives to lead," she added.
Palm Paper's King's Lynn mill began production in August 2009. It produced its second millionth tonne of newsprint paper in January. The company said generating its own electricity and steam would help reduce its carbon footprint. The application will be decided by the secretary of state instead of West Norfolk Borough Council.
Authorities want to clear the area next to a motorway for security reasons. The move is part of a new housing project in attempts to improve conditions in the camp. Many migrants and refugees had refused to use the new accommodation and moved their temporary homes further inside the camp, despite poor living conditions.
No 10 said it was shocked Mr Miliband would "play politics with such a serious issue" Foreign Office confirmed Mr Hammond had spoken to the Israeli foreign minister Avigdor Lieberman and Israeli justice minister Tzipi Livni on the telephone on Sunday. Mr Hammond said he reiterated the UK's "need for an immediate and unconditional humanitarian ceasefire"
Two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital in Colchester on Saturday. Police used powers to search people without reasonable suspicion. No one suffered life-threatening injuries, police said. The powers were in force from 18:40 until 21:50 GMT on Saturday, they said.
Leighton Andrews calls the case for fewer local authorities "compelling" His blueprint envisages the return of historical counties such as Dyfed and West Glamorgan. A merger between Caerphilly, Torfaen, Blaenau Gwent, Newport and Monmouthshire would create Wales' biggest council, with a population of 600,000.
Charter will pay about $55bn in cash and stock for Time Warner Cable. The proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US. Charter is also buying Bright House Networks, another cable operator, for $10.4bn. The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers.
The inquiry will look at historical abuse of children in care in Scotland. John Findlay, who was abused while a pupil in the care of Aberlour House in Moray, said money would be better spent supporting victims. He said the inquiry was "yet another process" rather than progress towards helping people. Mr Findlay was assaulted in his bed in a dormitory after being given what he described as a form of date rape drug.
The Night Wolves are subject to US sanctions for alleged active involvement in Crimea. They are viewed in Poland as the "Kremlin's Hells Angels" The Night Wolves intend to cross several countries, following a path taken by the Red Army in World War Two. They aim to arrive in Berlin in time for 9 May Victory Day celebrations in Moscow.
Amla captained the world number one side in 14 Tests. He won four and drew six but came under pressure during a 3-0 series defeat in India. The 32-year-old had been in poor form but made a double century in Cape Town. The third Test in Johannesburg starts on 14 January.
Australia's economy grew 2.3% in the March quarter, beating expectations of 2.1%. But economist Shane Oliver said the numbers were "well below potential" The country's central bank did not cut its lending rates on Tuesday. The decision saw Australian stocks fall 1.72% as investors saw little hope of a further cut.
Scientists have tagged birds leaving the UK and believe they take two different routes on their journey to spend the winter in Africa. Survival is lower on the shorter route via Spain, they report in the journal, Nature Communications. This suggests migration - as well as other factors such as loss of farmland and insect food - may be to blame for the cuckoo's decline.
The 26-year-old had explored options with Williams and Renault. He said he was "happy and proud" to be with Force India for 2017. Force India are currently fourth in the constructors' standings. McLaren are promoting reserve driver Stoffel Vandoorne to partner Fernando Alonso.
More than 21,000 children on local council records as being home schooled. Home education group Ed Yourself says numbers have grown by 17% between July 2013 and July 2014. Parents say councils are exceeding their powers by carrying out routine inspections of the quality of their children's education. They insist that councils should intervene only if they have evidence that something is wrong.
Donaldson, 41, moved to eight under par at Barseback Golf and Country Club. Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin, who was tied for the lead on Thursday, are a stroke further back in Malmo. The 41-year-old is looking for a fourth European Tour title.
There are currently five drop-in clinics for victims of FGM in the UK. FGM is the partial or total removal of the female genitalia for non-medical reasons. In Wales there are no such clinics for FGM victims. The World Health Organisation says FGM should be illegal in all parts of the world.
Durable "thermoset" plastic has been produced in a recyclable form. Could lead to cheaper and greener cars, planes and electronics. Could also lead to flexible gels that can mend themselves if torn. Study offers a "very simple, elegant answer to a very old problem"
Tech Talent coverage is asking whether the UK can compete in the global tech industry. The BBC will look at the vibrant and growing UK tech scene and ask why it has failed to find a Google or Facebook. A variety of reasons have been put forward, including a digital skills shortage and difficulties in raising finance.
Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders in Jedburgh. The gin takes its name from the heroine of the Battle of Ancrum Moor in 1545. It is the first new distillery to open in the Scottish Borders for nearly 200 years.
Players built three factories in the area, though they originally only needed one. The factory was envisaged in the 1880s and was the only remaining one commissioned by John Player himself. It was used by the lace-making industry before cigarette production began there in 1903. Many of the company's original buildings were demolished when the larger Horizon factory was built in the 1970s.
In 1909 women tended to outlive men by just 2.5 years. In 1981 on the other hand, men were likely to die six years before women on average. Smoking is widely recognised as one of the main reasons behind the gender gap. And quitting is seen by many as the main reason it is now narrowed.
Dale Merza, 20, is charged with misdemeanour hazing after alleged attack. Andrew Seely, 19, was sleeping at the time of the incident at Central Michigan University. The accused could get 93 days in jail and a $1,000 (Â£800) fine if convicted.
Part of Halti mountain is already in Finland - and forms its current highest point. But the peak is 20m (66ft) across the border inside Norwegian territory. Campaigners had proposed moving the border to give the summit, at 1,330m (4,363 ft), to Finland.
The Fraser of Allander Institute reckons that growth this year will be 1.9%. That is a reduction on the 2.2% forecast for 2016 that it published in November. The economists argued that this month's Westminster budget should avoid a further squeeze on spending.
Mr Tillerson said he was "stunned" with the invitation to become secretary of state. He had been due to retire this month after more than 40 years at Exxon Mobil. He said he had never met Donald Trump before his election in November. It was Mr Tillerson's first interview since he took office.
Suffolk side Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone when they hit a jam on the M20 in Kent on Saturday. They were approached by a woman who was late for her wedding. Club secretary Mark Easlea said they wanted to know if she got to the church on time.
The 18-year-old from Birmingham was detained after arriving back in the UK on Saturday morning. It follows the arrest of a man and woman, both from Birmingham, on 4 April, who are on bail. It is not in connected with five terror arrests on Friday linked to attacks in Europe.
models of three soldiers will be cast in bronze and displayed at the Arboretum in Staffordshire. Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association said a "substantial amount" of the Â£140,000 cost had been raised. A fundraising appeal has now been launched to raise the remaining money.
Aung San Suu Kyi says the pace of political change in Myanmar has slowed. The army has a veto over any changes to the Burmese constitution. Myanmar's economy and banking sectors are liberalising and opening up to the outside world. But living standards still lag a long way behind those in other countries.
John Coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow's Easterhouse. He left empty-handed after the worker shouted to her mother who also worked there. Coyle's "very distinctive" hair could be seen on the footage, court heard. The 43-year-old will be sentenced in the new year.
Internal police report shows disproportionate numbers of minority officers in some forces end up in the disciplinary system. It says officers who file complaints are labelled as "troublemakers" and pressured to leave the force. The Association of Chief Police Officers says the data is "worrying"
The coins, known as Scottish groats, were discovered by keen metal detector Tom Crawford last January. They were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge. Experts believe they are part of a larger hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001. The collection was probably dispersed over time through ploughing.
Caitlin Ruddy was with a group of teenagers on the north pier at Cullercoats Bay. She was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public. She died in hospital after suffering a cardiac arrest. Her mother, Sabrina Cook, said she had lost her "everything"
Danny Glass and lorry driver Natt Awut Timsue to be charged with causing death by reckless driving. Ms Anderson, 41, originally from Blackpool, was a keen video blogger, as was Mr Glass. Mr Glass is to hear the charges formally on Thursday and a translator has been called in for the hearing.
Leonie Granger targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, in a Mayfair casino in March last year. Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson, 28, and his friend Nicholas Chandler, 29, were found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years. Judge William Kennedy described the attack as "pitiless and wicked"
There will be some "pats on the back" for the Budget on Wednesday. The economy is more resilient as consumers and businesses keep spending. The Office for Budget Responsibility is set to upgrade its growth forecast for 2017. But there are headwinds that could knock the economy off course.
Shaw will be joined on the 18 July flight to Los Angeles by fellow England World Cup squad member Wayne Rooney. Spain's Juan Mata and David De Gea are also named, plus Japan's Shinji Kagawa. United have a minimum of four games in the US, starting against Los Angeles Galaxy on 23 July.
Tricia Marwick shed tears after Duncan McNeil bid farewell to the parliament. She was again visibly emotional after Mr Salmond told the chamber: "It's goodbye from me... for now" Mr McNeil used his address to warn that Holyrood had things to learn from Westminster.
Kentucky Methodist Hospital, Chino Valley Medical Center and Desert Valley Hospital attacked. None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom. The cases are now being investigated by the FBI. Locky is a new bug that encrypts files, documents and images and renames them with.locky.
We're looking for real life tales of how you've overcome something that embarrassed you, or maybe made you feel alone or awkward. It could be anything from a physical scar to a deep fear or a condition that perhaps you think people just don't understand.Drop us a email with an idea of what you want to talk about along with your contact details. We'd love to hear from you.
PM says it is "unthinkable" that Fifa president Sepp Blatter should stay. UK's Serious Fraud Office (SFO) said it was looking at material relating to allegations. Seven senior Fifa officials were arrested at a hotel in Switzerland on Wednesday. US Justice Department has charged 14 people with racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering conspiracy.
"It happened in the space of a minute," he said. "It's the first time in 35 years that I've seen anything like it" Police are still trying to track down the diners who paid for the meal. The restaurant has been closed since the incident.
Most of the incidents were in the Highlands and Islands. More than half of all incidents involved a dog that was not with its owner. Police are urging people to report any incidents to the force at 0300 123 909090 or call Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Ocon, 20, is contracted long-term to Mercedes, Force India's engine provider. He replaces Nico Hulkenberg, 29, who has moved to Renault. Ocon joined Manor for the Belgian Grand Prix at the end of August. Both he and team-mate Pascal Wehrlein are contracted to Mercedes' junior driver programme.
Some residents had lost weight at Kingsmead in Kingswells. Concerns were raised that their nutritional needs were not being met. Report said that in some incidences, people were being treated like "objects" The home can provide care for up to 55 older people and up to 10 adults with learning disabilities.
Ricky has been finding out about one dog who was having some language issues. He finds out that the pooch was having trouble speaking to him. Ricky finds out how the dog was able to communicate with him in a different language. He also finds out what the dog's name was and how he got it back.
Mark Mason, 48, of Rhyl, Denbighshire, was stabbed to death on 27 October. James Davies, 20, was convicted of murder, and Anthony Baines, 30, and Mark Ennis, 30 were convicted of manslaughter. Jake Melia, 21, previously admitted the charges and the four will be sentenced in June.
Akpan, 25, was dismissed in the 87th minute of Rovers' 2-1 defeat by Sheffield Wednesday on Tuesday, 14 February. The Nigeria international denied the charge, which was upheld by an independent regulatory commission. He has already missed one game as part of the ban, with Friday's game against Burton also included.
Ben Jefford has made 27 appearances for Welling this season. The 21-year-old is eligible to face Macclesfield on Saturday. Welling assistant boss Jamie Day says Jefford is a 'good young player' He adds: "We potentially feel is a league player"
Stephen Pearson and Martyn Woolford scored for Bristol City. Cardiff replied through Heidar Helguson. Sam Baldock put the result beyond doubt with three minutes remaining. Cardiff manager Malky Mackay: "If you gift the ball to good teams, they are going to punish you"
Middlesex finished the day on 342-3, with Voges unbeaten on 128. Voges' ton took him beyond 13,000 first-class runs in his career. Hampshire lost both openers cheaply, with Nick Gubbins caught off James Tomlinson.
Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year. People who might be affected include those with cow's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease. An online petition calling on the CCG to reverse its decision has attracted more than 6,000 signatures.
Touchscreens are a source of a wide range of microbes, but not much of an issue if you do not share it among other people - since, if you are the only one using it, it's only your germs. Small-scale study uncovered MRSA, E. coli and C. difficile and many others on screens in hospitals and supermarkets.
Vithiya Alphons, 24, has acute myeloid leukaemia. She was diagnosed after falling ill during her final year of university. She is now waiting for a stem cell transplant. She has appealed for people to sign up to be her donor. She said: "Please spread the word"
Three-year-old girl was born with part of a twin in her pelvis. Surgeons spent months trying to figure out how to remove it. The girl is now recovering well and can play with her family. She will be able to return to Australia when she is older.
The man, believed to be a Polish national, was found badly injured in the early hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent. He later died at Ninewells Hospital. A 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and has now been charged. He is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Monday.
Fire started at about 10:00 in the complex on Walter Hay Court in Rosyth. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said several people had been rescued. Police said a body had been found within the property. An investigation was under way at the site in Fife, Scotland.
Mark Cooper has signed defenders Lee Collins and Callum Evans and midfielder Reece Brown. The 34-year-old rejoined the New Lawn side in July 2016 and was ever-present as they won promotion to League Two last season. He made 144 appearances in his first spell with the club before spending the 2015-16 season with Gateshead.
Liverpool fashion student Hannah Ramsay says people regard her accent as something "hysterically funny" Sociology and criminology lecturer Gemma Ahearne says negative coverage is part of the "vilification of the working classes" She believes the media are "misogynistic and disapproving of women who are hyper-confident"
Teresa Dennett, 58, needed surgery after a stroke and the coroner concluded "it is likely she would have survived" if the operation went ahead. Nottingham University Hospitals said its intensive care unit was full and suggested she should go to Sheffield. NHS England said a lack of beds was not a reason for refusing admission.
Horan will take over from current president Aogan O Fearghail in 2018. The 58-year-old school principal from Dublin won 144 out of a possible 278 votes and was 98 ahead of his nearest rivals Sean Walsh and Frank Burke. The plans put forward by GAA director general Paraic Duffy include completing All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August.
England's Test cricket is more important than one-day cricket, says Alastair Cook. Cook: "We have to have a re-think and open up our minds a bit and get into the modern way" Cook: England's second-string seam bowling is very, very good but it's the second string when the pressure on the opposition eases.
Jamie Walker has turned down the chance to sign a new Hearts contract. The 24-year-old's current deal expires at the end of the season. Rangers have been linked with a move for the Jambos midfielder. Cathro says Walker is happy and focused and will move on to a bigger club.
The Dutchman, 25, led 6-5 before racing to victory and the £60,000 first prize. Wright defeated Phil Taylor at the quarter-final stage and whitewashed Stephen Bunting in the last four. The 44-year-old from Mendham in Suffolk was unable to clinch his first major Professional Darts Corporation title.
The Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader Colum Eastwood is in no doubt. He described the prospect of the UK's withdrawal from Europe as "the biggest immediate threat to the economy of Northern Ireland and to the island as a whole" In Northern Ireland Questions in the House of Commons, the Democratic Unionist Party's (DUP) Sammy Wilson took the opposite view.
The 35-year-old has been released by Brighton & Hove Albion after they fell short in their bid for promotion. Greer won his 11th cap after starting in Saturday's 3-0 defeat by France in Metz. He has no idea where he will be playing when Scotland start their World Cup qualifying campaign against Malta in September.
UK military interventions in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya may have contributed to a sense of combat fatigue among the public. A commitment to spend 2% of the nation's wealth, or GDP, on defence is conspicuous by its absence. Only two smaller parties - UKIP and the Democratic Unionist Party - say they would continue to meet that goal.
Born Eric Lubbock, he became Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962. He held the seat for eight years, moving to the Lords in 1971 when he inherited the title of Baron Avebury. Lib Dem leader Tim Farron paid tribute to a "true Liberal", "great campaigner" and "committed internationalist"
Number of public authority homes sold in the year to March rose from 1,209 to 1,526. 1,140 new council homes were built in Scotland, the highest total in 25 years. Number of affordable homes also rose by 17%, with 7,012 completed. Aberdeenshire, Edinburgh and Glasgow accounting for more than a quarter.
The ex-deputy prime minister said he feared Mr Johnson's "judgement is going" It marked a further escalation of a war of words between Tories over the EU. Mr Johnson earlier said it was a "bit too much" for David Cameron to say so-called IS would welcome an Out vote.
Two men were attacked in Oswald Street, Glasgow, on Friday 14 October. Police released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with their investigation. Both men are described as white and aged 25 to 35. Police Scotland said the women may be able to assist them with their inquiries.
More than 500 people took part in the march through Oxford on Saturday. David Cameron had been invited to join the protest after saying he was "disappointed" by the cuts. The Save Oxfordshire Children's Centres Campaign "baby blockade" is against plans to cut the number of centres to save Â£8m.
Everton came from behind to beat Crystal Palace 3-2 at Selhurst Park. Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring before Fraizer Campbell and Yannick Bolasie scored. A Leighton Baines penalty gave the Toffees hope late on but they could not find an equaliser.
The NASUWTteaching union said it had won £16,077,328 for members last year. A 59-year-old teacher from London received £185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back. A member of teaching staff in north Wales was given £100,000 compensation.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to boost the economies of the EU and the US. Many business voices are enthusiastic, but there is also very vocal opposition. A study by the Centre for Economic Policy Research estimated the potential gains for the EU as up to €119bn (£85bn; $134bn) a year.
Borthwick, 36, left his role at the Championship side after only 43 days. The former England captain arrived at Bristol several weeks into the season having helped Eddie Jones coach Japan. Robinson was forwards coach during England's World Cup-winning era under Sir Clive Woodward.
Exports fell 2.1% compared with October, while imports rose 1.5%. Factory production fell by 0.1%, as energy production fell and construction activity decreased. Germany's economic affairs ministry said the country's recovery was "progressing at a slow pace"
Richard Tyler, 44, saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again as it crashed onto the A27 on 22 August. The Red Cross team worked alongside the first ambulance crew on the scene, providing first aid to the walking wounded. Mr Tyler said he was very proud to have been recognised in the New Year's Honours.
Cadbury code put in place most of the rules governing public company practices. Sir Adrian Cadbury wrote report in 1992 following scandals such as the collapse of the bank BCCI and textile company Polly Peck. It has been the cornerstone of corporate governance ever since. FRC said it had requested more powers to tackle bad behaviour.
The 12ft-high (3.6m) statue features about 40,000 spoons. It has taken almost five months to build at the British Ironworks Centre in Oswestry. It is due to be transported to Mr Geller's home in Berkshire on 28 May.
Marine Le Pen is the leader of the French National Front. She has publicly backed Moscow's annexation of Crimea. The National Front took Russian loans worth €11m (£9.4m) One of the loans, for €9m, came from a small bank with links to the Kremlin.
The Lib Dems want to increase the number of apprenticeships in Wales. They also want to make it easier for people to get a job if they lose their job. The Tories want to extend the apprenticeship scheme to include more people aged 16-24. The Lib Dems say they want to create jobs for people who lost their jobs because of the recession.
Vodafone said it was important to retain access to the EU's free "movement of people, capital and goods" The telecoms giant employs 13,000 people in the UK. 55% of group profits in the last financial year came from its European operations, with the UK providing just 11%.
Robert McNab, 30, was jailed for 35 months at Greenock Sheriff Court. He admitted downloading indecent images of children, sharing them and sending offensive messages. He was also given a two-year licence, which means he will be monitored after being released from prison. McNab has previous convictions for hoarding indecent images and sexually assaulting a young girl.
A man lodged a complaint with the Police Ombudsman's Office for NI after the incident last year. He said he had been wrongfully arrested and that his home had been unlawfully searched. The issue lay with an incorrectly recorded date of birth in a handover information pack provided to the officer who organised the search.
Garcia and Mladenovic claimed their first Grand Slam title. The French duo, seeded seventh, beat Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina 6-3 2-6 6-4. They have now won titles in Charleston, Stuttgart, Madrid and Paris.
South Africa beat Wales 17-13 in their World Cup quarter-final. Wales lost three players to injury in the first two games of the tournament. Fly-half Dan Biggar was taken off in the second half after a knock to the head. He said: "It's hard to find the words, it's all so raw"
Gatwick is in competition with Heathrow to win approval for an additional runway. One of the guarantees is compensation for people living close to the airport. The Airports Commission is currently considering three options for expanding airport provision in south-east England. These options are a third runway at Heathrow, lengthening an existing runway and a second runway at Gatwick.
Pedro had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games against Barrow and Burnley. The Angola-born wide-man has spent much of his career in the Dutch league with teams such as Feyenoord and Heracles. Head of recruitment Lee Dykes said: "This is a chance for him to show everyone what he can do"
The 51-year-old London mayor has spent more than a decade combining gravitas with an unkempt, humorous persona rarely seen in modern public life. He has arguably the highest profile of any Conservative except Mr Cameron and is thought by many to harbour an ambition to be prime minister.
The 37-year-old spent two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008. Lowe scored 11 goals for Bury last season as they won promotion from League Two. Crewe remain bottom of the table following their 5-1 thrashing at home by Peterborough.
Eleanor Hawkins, 23, from Derbyshire, was among a group of 10 people who stripped before taking photographs at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 May. She admitted public indecency along with three other western tourists, one Dutch and two Canadians, and was imprisoned for three days. All four have now left the island.
Ethiopia has one of the fastest growing economies in the world. Its economy has been expanding by about 10% a year since 2004. The government expects growth to continue in double digits. But a report by the International Monetary Fund suggests it will slow to 6.5% in 2013.
Salih Aygun, 18, was killed two weeks ago in a clash at the town of Sirrin. Turkish authorities will not allow his body back into the country to be buried. More than 4,000 people from Turkey, predominantly Kurds, have gone to fight against the IS.
Thieves stole a 5m (16ft 4in) flagpole - complete with Union Jack - at some point over the weekend. The Lincoln attraction is to honour the air crews' efforts with exhibitions, information and accounts from service personnel and survivors. Earlier this month, items intended for an open day, including two generators, food and drink were stolen.
Kelvin Thomas paid HM Revenue & Customs unpaid tax. The Cobblers' administration petition was adjourned to 11 December. Thomas and Northampton Borough Council have a memorandum of understanding in place over a £10.25m loan to the club for redevelopment work at Sixfields Stadium.
Shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended after falling 47%, wiping out $18.6bn (Â£11.9bn) from its market capitalisation. Followed by shares of Goldin Financial, which fell 55% on Thursday. Both firms had seen the price of their shares surge over the past year.
MPs Holly Lynch and Conor McGinn have resigned, it was confirmed. Ms Lynch tweeted it was "time to focus" on her marginal constituency. Mr McGinn said it was the "right time" to concentrate on his seat and his family. 10 MPs who left the front bench in a mass walkout over the summer are returning.
The average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has gone through the £30 barrier for the first time in the Premier League. While inflation seems to have eased for season tickets, fans still face increasing expense when it comes to official merchandise. The Football Supporters' Federation has been calling for more affordable tickets with its 'Twenty's Plenty' campaign.
The images appeared to show the pair on foot during a safari in June. Officials at the park said they imposed a preliminary fine because "the cricketer flouted the rules" The national park at Gir is the only place where Asiatic lions remain in the wild.
Richard Walsh, 43, was accused of attacking two schoolboys, aged 12 and 13. He had been in custody at Belmarsh Prison in south-east London. Staff found Mr Walsh unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning. Despite efforts to revive him, he was pronounced dead.
The advocacy group analysed shows seen or to be shown between June 2016 and May 2017. It counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters. The number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year. But Glaad bemoaned the fact that more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off.
Lib Dem sources say 30,000 local authority places are being lost. They said Mr Gove was "ideologically obsessed" about backing free schools. Tory education sources called the Lib Dems "pathetic", saying more school places were being created overall. David Cameron said free schools were "an excellent innovation"
The election was called after mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted of electoral fraud and removed from office in April. He has been banned from standing again. Met Police said it was investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in relation to this election, including harvesting votes and the improper distribution of election literature.
First handball matches since the Olympic Games have taken place inside the Copper Box. Handball is played on an indoor court between two teams of seven players. "This is the pinnacle. You don't get to play in the biggest sports stadiums in football unless you're a pro," says Paul Stewart.
Chase signed for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday. The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013, before leaving to join Salford Red Devils. Chase also praised the Rugby Football League for the support they offer players who are struggling with mental health-related issues.
The 2008 men's 4x400m relay team moved up from fourth to third after Russia's Denis Alekseyev failed a drugs test. A decision is yet to be made on when Rooney and team-mates Andrew Steele, Robert Tobin and Michael Bingham will receive their medals. The medal ceremony could take place at the World Championships in London in August.
People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee, a study carried out at the University of Edinburgh has found. It suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine. This causes it to stay in the body for longer and means those with the gene get the same caffeine hit through less coffee.
Crown Prince of Thailand was due to be sworn in as king this week. But he has delayed the ceremony to give him time to mourn his father's death. The king has the right to name his son if he does not want to be heir to the throne. The last king to die in office was King Rama IV in 1973.
Finance Minister Arlene Foster is the only person so far to declare an interest. She has the backing of a majority of the party's most senior elected representatives. Peter Robinson announced in November that he was standing down as party leader. Nigel Dodds ruled himself out after considering putting his name forward.
Ms Jones will present a One Show special from Cardiff on Friday, the eve of the men's match. The 40-year-old returned from maternity leave to the BBC One show part-time in April. She said it had been "tough" going back to work with such a young baby.
Bishop of Cork said he hoped the church would one day recognise same-sex marriages. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK not to have passed a same sex marriage law. The Church of Ireland reaffirmed its position that marriage is between a man and a woman in a letter to the assembly.
Thames Valley Police are treating the death as "unexplained" Iffley Road will be closed to drivers and pedestrians for a "number of hours" Officers are appealing for information from the public to help find the person. The Plain and Circus Street will be shut for a number of hours, police say.
China Nuclear Industry Huaxing Construction was fined $3m (Â£1.9m) It is the first time a Chinese company has admitted guilt in a US criminal export case. The US has restricted nuclear-related exports to Pakistan since the 1998 detonation of a nuclear device.
Ivan Reitman says he wants to "expand the Ghostbusters universe" He suggests the Russo Brothers would direct a fourth film. The writer would be Drew Pearce, who wrote Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5. Paul Feig's reboot is due out in 2016 with a female-fronted cast.
Network Rail is doing work in the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels and building a new platform at Bristol Parkway. The improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September. They will allow new trains to run on the Great Western Rail mainline, including new intercity express trains.
Police say 540,000 people rallied in Barcelona, the capital of the region in north-east Spain. But numbers were down sharply compared with last year's event, when 1.4 million rallied. Sunday is the "Diada", Catalonia's national day. It commemorates the moment Barcelona fell to troops loyal to Spain's King Philip V during the War of the Spanish Succession.
The prince visited the Mants'ase Children's Home in Maseru, Lesotho. He was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with disadvantaged children. Many of whom have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease. Prince Harry also revealed his own love of photography and shared some images.
Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register with the country's Land Transport Authority. Fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of regular taxi companies. The new measures will be enforced from the second quarter of next year. Uber has expanded rapidly in Singapore offering services such as high-end UberExec and cheaper UberX.
South Africa are ranked number one but lost their last series in India 3-0. England have won only one series in South Africa since 1991. Alastair Cook's side have triumphed only once in their last 15 overseas Tests. Alex Hales, 26, is set to make his Test debut and will be the eighth opener to partner Cook since 2012.
Finn was injured protecting his handler from a suspected armed robber. BBC News looks back at how his recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition calling on the government to re-think the laws surrounding injured police support animals. The seven-year-old fought for survival, helped every step of the way by his handler PC Dave Wardell.
Fire crews were called to a property on Robertson Road in Moray. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews used breathing apparatus. Senior officer for Moray and Aberdeenshire, David Rout, said: "Our thoughts are with the family. We will now investigate the cause"
Jamar Clark, 25, was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November. Police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated. Around two dozen tents and canopy shelters have been erected around the 4th Precinct police station. Demonstrators have also barricaded the roads with wood and pallets and lit campfires.
Thomas Thabane says he will return from South Africa "as soon as I know I am not going to get killed" Reports say the capital, Maseru, is now calm after soldiers seized buildings. Lesotho has seen a series of military coups since independence in 1966.
The incident at Neil McEvoy's office took place on Thursday morning. The AM said no valuables were taken but files had been "gone through" He said metal bars had been cut to access the property at Cowbridge Road East. South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched.
50m pylons would run from Carlisle to Duddon, Lancashire. They would connect a new £10bn power plant at Moorside to the grid. Campaigners say the cables should go underground in "sensitive landscapes" National Grid says it "fully recognises the importance" of the area.
UBELONG travelled to Vietnam in May to interview veterans of the Vietnam War. The project marks 20 years since the normalisation of diplomatic relations between the two countries. The group conducted more than two dozen in-depth interviews with veterans, travelling to Hanoi and rural locations bombed during the war. Several million people have been affected by Agent Orange.
National Guard troops are now pulling out of the city. The curfew was put in place on Tuesday, after protests over Freddie Gray's death turned violent. Six police officers are facing criminal charges over the death, which has been ruled a homicide. They deny wrongdoing and say they did nothing wrong.
The 30-year-old is available for Sunday's Scottish League Cup semi-final. He was on the bench for Aberdeen's third-round defeat by Hibernian. Quinn has made more than 360 appearances for Scotland's Under-21 side. He has also played for Motherwell, Cardiff City and Doncaster Rovers.
Eric Lichaj opened the scoring for Nottingham Forest. Apostolos Vellios made it 2-0 from Henri Lansbury's cross. Lukas Jutkiewicz headed a goal back for Blues. Hildeberto Pereira finished Ben Osborn's low pass to seal victory.
Lancashire are on 298-3 at stumps on day three of their Championship clash with Northamptonshire at Old Trafford. The hosts need just 14 overs to reach their target of 400 runs for victory. Haseeb Hameed is the only player in the side to have scored more than 100 runs.
The Dow Jones was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S&P 500 edged down 0.08% to 2,425.53. A rise in oil prices helped lift energy stocks, such as Exxon Mobil, which climbed 0.6%. But bank stocks lost ground ahead of the release of quarterly earnings this week.
Prime Minister says leaving the EU would be a "national error" More than 300 business figures have signed a letter in support of Vote Leave. Comes after Boris Johnson compared the EU's aims to Hitler's. Former Labour minister Yvette Cooper said the comparison was "cynical"
Sebastian Coe won three world records in the space of just 41 days in 1979. He also won Olympic gold in 1980 and was Sports Personality of the Year. In 1992 he was chosen to fight the Falmouth and Camborne constituency for the Conservatives. He was elected to Parliament in 1997 but lost the seat to Tony Blair's Labour Party.
Kamdjo, 25, played in only five games for Forest Green last season. He made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood. He started his career with Reading, and had spells at Barnet and Salisbury before joining Rovers in 2014.York were relegated from League Two last season after winning only seven league games.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says he is "disappointed" by the decision. The Black Cats face West Brom in the Premier League on Saturday. Allardyse has two weeks to pay back the money he owes to a former player. The player was ordered to pay £21,000 after pleading guilty to two counts of sexual assault.
Gordon Thomson, 37, said he splashed two basins of water on Russell Findlay after the incident outside his home. Mr Thomson also told the High Court in Glasgow that one of the accused, William Burns, 56, was at the scene. Mr Burns and Alexander Porter, 48, deny attacking the paper's investigations editor in Glasgow.
Vauxhall is investigating the problem, but has not yet issued a full recall. The affected model is the Zafira B, with 280,000 of them currently on the road in the UK. The alarm was raised by three different women, who say their cars burst into flames.
Donald Trump is leading the race for the Republican nomination, but it's starting to feel like he's not winning. While he's comfortably ahead, with 757 delegates to 529 for second-place Ted Cruz. There's mounting evidence that he's being outmanoeuvred in the behind-the-scenes political process.
The first of a new series of videos to be released on Monday. The series will be called "The First Sequence" The first video will be released in the first week of October. The second will be available in the second week of November. The third and fourth videos will be made available in December.
The 68-year-old died when his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31. The driver of the Nissan, 49, was seriously injured and airlifted to hospital. Three men in the Nissan sustained serious but not life-threatening injuries. The road was closed for more than five hours after the crash.
Shell has spent about $6bn (Â£3.85bn) on exploration in the Arctic. The region is estimated to have about 20% of the world's undiscovered oil and gas. The company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep.
Katie Locke, 23, was found dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Waltham Cross, Hertfordshire. She had been strangled. Carl Langdell admitted the charge of murder when he appeared at St Albans Crown Court via a video link from Bedford Prison.
Oscar Pistorius is due to appear in court on Friday. He is known as the "blade runner" because of the carbon fibre prosthetic blades he races in. He was born without a fibula in both legs and had his legs amputated below the knee before his first birthday. South Africa has one of the highest rates of crime in the world.
Turkish ISPs were told to cut off the virtual private networks people use to hide where they go. Activists said the block moved Turkey's net censorship policies from "moderate" to "severe" Tor aims to conceal where people go online by using encryption and randomly bouncing requests for webpages through a network of different computers.
The Uruguayan, 25, was signed from Nacional two years ago. He ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo. Boro say they have decided to end his contract in order to help him find a new club.
Rugby World Cup to be hosted by Japan in 2019. Organisers hope to increase interest in the sport in Japan. Rugby union lags behind baseball and football in the country's popularity charts. Japan won this year's HSBC Asian Five Nations tournament. The Olympic Games will be held in Tokyo a year later.
The jihadists seized buildings on the eastern edge of the adjacent city of Tadmur on Thursday, but their push was reportedly halted by the Syrian army. 26 civilians in a village outside Tadmur were summarily killed by IS - at least 10 by beheading - on Thursday after being accused of collaborating with the government.
The spelling error was spotted close to the High Street in Warsop, Nottinghamshire. Eric Hill quickly photographed the sign, which should have read "right", prior to the error being painted over. Co-op said the contractors were made aware of their mistake and would amend the spelling "as quickly as possible"
Bath take on Leicester at The Rec on the centenary of the first meeting. Guscott believes the West country club are potentially on the cusp of a revival. Tigers have been the most consistent English club for 25 years or so. Bath have exciting backs like Kyle Eastmond, Jonathan Joseph, Nick Abendanon, Tom Heathcote and Anthony Watson.
Employers with 11 or more parking spaces now have to pay £288 a year per space. Nottingham scheme will raise £2m less than the council predicted because employers have registered fewer spaces than expected. AA and RAC both predicted that the scheme will damage the economy.
McClaren led the Magpies to six wins in 28 Premier League matches. He was replaced by Rafa Benitez in March, but the Spaniard could not prevent them from being relegated to the Championship. The 54-year-old is confident the club have learnt from his experience.
Celtic face Aberdeen in the Scottish League Cup final on Saturday. Celtic can win the treble for only the third time in the club's history. Celtic have defeated Aberdeen in all five of their meetings this season. Roberts is due to return to parent side Manchester City in the summer.
The building opened in 1865 as a hotel, but was later bought by a group of philanthropists who founded the university. It is one of the town's most recognisable buildings with spires, towers, gargoyled parapets and steep-pitched roofs "like a French Renaissance chateau" The final feasibility study is expected to be finished in March 2013.
Councils in England, including Bradford and Birmingham, will trial the pilot scheme at local elections in 2018. The government said it would "ensure the integrity" of the electoral system. But campaigners said levels of fraud did not justify the move and one Labour MP said it will hit poorer voters.
Mullaney (113) plus Riki Wessels (81) and Samit Patel's (85) century partnership saw Notts beyond 300. Chris Read added an unbeaten 63. Tom Curran took three wickets and West Indies paceman Ravi Rampaul (5-93) saw off Notts' lower order.
Jeffrey Spector, 54, of St Annes, Lancashire, died on Friday following a six-year illness. He was surrounded by friends and family at a meal shortly before his death. His wife Elaine and three daughters said they respected his decision. The Suicide Act 1961 makes it an offence to encourage or assist a suicide or a suicide attempt.
The British Horse Society found that since 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents in the UK, with 1,500 because of cars passing too closely. 180 horses and 36 riders have died as a result of these accidents. The campaign has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly's e-petition website.
Dead Men Risen, written by Toby Harnden and published by Quercus, took the prize at a ceremony in Westminster. Judges said the book "takes us into the hearts and minds of the Welsh Guards in a way that is both interesting and visceral" Other awards presented included a posthumous honour for Christopher Hitchens.
From next September, universities will have "primary responsibility" for meeting disabled students' needs. In 2012-13, they provided £146m to 64,500 higher education students. The National Deaf Children's Society said it was "bitterly disappointed" by the announcement.
Dominic Greyer was selling merchandise for his book 'Lesser Spotted Britain' He was asked to cover up coasters, mugs and tea-towels featuring some of Britain's saucier-named towns and villages. He said: "It was pretty farcical, it was like I was running an adult shop"
Ireland face Scotland at Murrayfield on Saturday. Conor Murray accused Glasgow of targeting him in Munster's recent European game. Greig Laidlaw has promised more of the same from the Scots. Munster scrum-half Stander believes an effective Irish display will negate the issue.
Researchers believe achieving a healthier weight could cut the risk by a fifth. Around 3,200 women will take part, with half of them shifting a tenth of their body weight. The two-year trial will start recruiting overweight and obese patients in August. Experts said the trials were vital as it was still unclear if weight made a difference.
Germany beat Mexico 4-1 in their Confederations Cup semi-final. Marco Fabian, Timo Werner, Amin Younes and Joshua Kimmich scored. Joachim Low's side will play Portugal in Sunday's final in St Petersburg. Mexico face Portugal in a third-fourth play-off earlier that day.
The 54-year-old completed 27 marathons to raise money for charity. He finished beneath a giant statue of Nelson Mandela in Johannesburg. Izzard attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012 but had to pull out for health reasons. The charity appeal has raised more than Â£1.35m.
Norwich are second in the Championship with two wins from three games. The Canaries were relegated from the Premier League last season. They have kept clean sheets in their last two home games. Neil: "I can't really remember too many opportunities for them to score, if any"
Andrea Nalini and Diego Falcinelli gave Crotone a 2-0 lead before Ciro Immobile pulled one back from a penalty. Bastos was sent off for Lazio and Nalinis scored a second as Crotone celebrated one of the most famous days in their history.
Armie Hammer, Alicia Vikander and Man of Steel actor Henry Cavill will also feature in the adaptation of the TV series. The film follows special agents Napoleon Solo, played by Cavill, and Illya Kuryakin - Lone Ranger star Hammer - who work for the mysterious United Network Command for Law Enforcement (U.N.C.E.)
Nigeria has now seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth. Oil sales account for 70% of government income. Price of oil has fallen from highs of about $112 a barrel in 2014 to below $50. Critics say government policies made a bad situation even worse.
The Dow Jones rose 0.6% to 19,912.7 and the S&P 500 0.7% to 2,280.07. The Nasdaq added 0.9% to 5,600.9. Small-company stocks outpaced the rest of the market with the Russell 2000 jumping 1.6%.
During the first nine months of 1938, he oversaw the Czech Kindertransport, which brought Jewish children from German-occupied Czechoslovakia to safety in the UK. His Jewish parents had moved from Germany to London in 1907 and changed the family name from Wertheim to Winton. Winton placed dozens of newspaper advertisements pleading for people to come forward and offer children a home.
There were 15 escapes from prisons in 2016-17 - up by two on the year before. The number of prisoners released by mistake rose by seven to 71. Of those released in error, 58 occurred from prison establishments. A record 7,159 were attacks on staff - equivalent to 20 every day.
The coin was approved by the Queen and Chancellor George Osborne. It will be struck for the third in line to the throne's first birthday on 22 July. The coins will be a limited mintage of 7,500 and will cost £80 each. The heraldic royal arms incorporates the four quarterings of the royal arms, each contained in a shield.
The North East Coast Exhibition was opened by the Prince of Wales in 1929. It attracted four million visitors, including King Alfonso of Spain and the Sultan of Zanzibar. The event included cutting-edge technology, such as a cow milking machine and a telescope brought down from Edinburgh.
Body of Omar Omran was found at an apartment in the Riverside complex, Kimmage, on Monday evening. His mother Maha Al Adheem, a doctor who is originally from Iraq, appeared at Dublin District Court on Thursday. The 42 year old was remanded in custody until next week.
Mario Mandzukic opened the scoring on his 31st birthday. Paulo Dybala curled home a brilliant free-kick. Alex Sandro headed in a third via the crossbar. Massimiliano Allegri's side bidding to become second Italian team, after Jose Mourinho's 2010 Inter Milan, to win the treble.
Ayoze Perez, Chancel Mbemba and Dwight Gayle scored in a comfortable victory. Jack Grealish's 89th-minute goal sealed the Magpies' title. Rafael Benitez's side have battled with Brighton throughout the season for top spot, but since the Seagulls achieved promotion they have dropped off the pace dramatically.
Inderjit Singh Dhariwal, 49, was injured at Samsons in Oldbury. He was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died on Monday. Nicolas Salhan, 36, and Jonathan Davies, 42, have been charged. They are due to appear at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 30 November.
The debate over the past decade has been about whether Yorkshire would be better off if it could take more control from Westminster and Whitehall. In the shadow of a referendum on independence for Scotland the opportunities for Yorkshire have clearly never been greater. David Cameron, George Osborne and Nick Clegg have all lugged their soapboxes to Yorkshire.
Barratt Homes will build 139 homes at Duddingston Park South and 165 at Newcraighall Village. The builder will also build a total of 102 affordable homes between the two developments. Anne Ross, sales director at Barratt Homes for the East of Scotland, said: "2014 has been buoyant year for new homes sales"
Page, 25, was beaten to gold by Canada's Rosannagh MacLennan. Li Dan of China took bronze, while another Briton, Katherine Driscoll, came sixth. Page's highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark.
Jamie Vardy scores twice as Leicester City beat Liverpool 2-0. Vardy opened the scoring with a brilliant 25-yard strike from Riyad Mahrez's long ball. He added a second 11 minutes later when he turned home Shinji Okazaki's deflected shot. Foxes move one game closer to winning their first ever Premier League title.
The symbols were carved into the walls of homes and buildings. They were intended to be a warning to people to stay away from them. The symbols were also used to mark the entrance to the house. They are believed to have been used by the residents of the house to ward off evil.
RWE said the tower was still standing and had been shrouded in fog. It came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished. The search resumed for three men killed when the building partially came down. RWE said Sunday's demolition had "gone as planned"
Hovertravel looking at possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea. If confirmed, the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August. The Isle of Wight Council welcomed the plan and said it was currently in discussion with Hovertravel to finalise the details.
Between April and October 103 liner visits are scheduled to Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Herm. In 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits, with 29 being cancelled due to bad weather.Investigations into plans for a cruise liner berth are due to form part of the harbour master plan, which is due to be released this year.
Tim Husbands took on the top job at Titanic Belfast a few months before the visitors' centre opened in 2012. In its first year of operation, more than 800,000 people from 128 countries toured the east Belfast building. He was speaking to the BBC's Inside Business programme about growing Northern Ireland's tourism industry.
Steven Dunne, 42, failed to return to Southview Low Secure Unit, Hellingly, at 17:00 BST on Wednesday. After a police appeal on Saturday, Dunne later went into Bootle Street police station in Manchester, where he is in custody. Dunne will return to hospital under a higher level of security.
Sue Sim was the first woman to lead the Northumbria Police force. She led the hunt for murderer Christopher Brown in 2010. Ms Sim is retiring to spend more time with her family. She has also overseen savings of  £117m since she took the job in 2004.
Newport's win over Accrington sees the Exiles leapfrog Pools, putting them two points in front with two games remaining. Barnet, under caretaker boss Rossi Eames, were only their second win in 13 games. John Akinde was denied an opener after 12 minutes when his angled header was tipped over for a corner.
Kirchhoff was making only his eighth appearance of the season. The 26-year-old German tore cartilage in his knee during the Premier League defeat by Chelsea on 14 December, coming off after 57 minutes. Sunderland, who visit Manchester United on Boxing Day, are 18th in Premier League.
Sturm Graz striker Deni Alar will miss Austria's game in Serbia on Sunday. Alar is the team's most-capped player, with 14 goals in 61 matches. He has scored nine goals in as many games for the Austrian league leaders.
Winners of the cup competition earn a place in the Europa League. Four-time cup winners Forest have failed to progress past the third round for the past 11 seasons. Forest last featured in European competition in the 1995-96 season, reaching the Uefa Cup quarter-finals. Former Rennes boss Montanier also confirmed that the injury to goalkeeper Dorus de Vries is not as bad as first feared.
The Flybe plane was carrying 62 passengers from Exeter. It landed safely after declaring a full emergency at 13:43. Edinburgh Airport said nobody was hurt during the incident. A Flybe spokesman said: "The flight landed safely at Edinburgh Airport following the report of a technical fault with the aircraft"
Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September when the poppies were installed. Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only. Visitors will be restricted on 8 and 11 November "to ensure a calm and contemplative experience for all"
Thomas Hitzlsperger is the most prominent German footballer to come out. Former team-mates have praised the midfielder's "courageous and correct decision" Former German FA president Theo Zwanziger also praised the decision. German politician Volker Beck said he hoped the announcement would encourage others to do the same.
The Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November. Former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed. The unit was disbanded in 1973, after 18 months. The PSNI has found none of the men featured "admitted any criminal act"
Gangs of young adults gathered in Llangefni, drinking alcohol and causing criminal damage. Power allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave. Order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday. The action is to protect young people from the excesses of alcohol, police say.
Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth, south London, in July last year. Swindon-based WBO European super-middleweight title holder had denied assault. But he was found guilty after a trial at Croydon Magistrates' Court. Cox sentenced to 26 weeks in prison for the assault and harassment charges, 20 weeks for violence to secure entry and 12 weeks for criminal damage.
Kenneth Bae, a Korean-American, was arrested in November 2012. He was sentenced to 15 years' hard labour in May. North Korea says he used his tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government. State department officials and Mr Bae's sister were quoted as saying he had been returned from a hospital to the camp on 20 January.
Owner Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier. Blackpool Central Pier is home to a 33m high (108ft) Ferris wheel, Blackpool South Pier and LlandUDno Pier were all built in the 19th Century.Collectively, they are on the market for offers of around £12.6m.
Domingo has been in the role since May 2013 and his contract ends in August. South Africa will play three one-day internationals, three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England. The 42-year-old guided his team to a 3-0 Test series win over Sri Lanka earlier this month.
Security consultant Paul Moore examined the publicly available information of the UK's six biggest ISPs. He said he found plenty of bugs that could be exploited by hackers. But he said most ISPs had been in contact with him and had worked to tighten security once told of the issues. Audit of TalkTalk, Sky, BT, Plusnet, EE and Virgin Media was kicked off in the wake of the TalkTalk hack.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said some punters did not get the deal they expected from sign-up promotions. The CMA also said the firms were "unfairly holding onto people's money" The Remote Gambling Association said it would take "some time to digest and consider properly" the CMA announcement.
Lil' Chris, whose real name was Chris Hardman, was found dead on 23 March. His family said the 24-year-old struggled with mental health issues and depression. A private funeral was held earlier this month in his hometown of Lowestoft. The full hearing has been adjourned until 28 July.
Northern Ireland lost 1-0 to Poland in their opening World Cup game. Michael O'Neill's side were poor at set-pieces and should have kept possession. The result has not changed much about the Ukraine game on Thursday. Northern Ireland need to win to have any chance of qualifying for the last 16.
Researchers used a one milliamp current to stimulate a part of the brain called the parietal lobe. They found it improved the ability of volunteers to solve numerical problems. Neuroscientists hope the discovery could help people with dyscalculia, who may struggle with numbers. Another expert said effects on other brain functions would need checking.
Andrew Platten, 55, from Bingley, died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road. Police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver "acting suspiciously" A 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
Leaked documents reveal extent of US surveillance. NSA has access to chat logs, stored data, voice traffic, file transfers and social networking data. Prism also enabled "backdoor" access to the servers of nine major technology companies including Microsoft, Yahoo, Google, Facebook, PalTalk, AOL, Skype and Apple.
The Race to Dubai starts on Thursday. Rory McIlroy is bidding to win his third European Tour title. The Northern Irishman has won the tournament twice in the past three years. He is bidding for his first major title after winning the US Open in 2010. The tournament is one of three on the European Tour.
Warwickshire are bottom of the Division One Championship table. The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016. Bell has played 118 Tests, 161 one-day internationals and eight T20 matches. He was recently left out of the Bears' T20 side.
Sandra Bertin was in charge of security cameras on the Promenade des Anglais. She said she had been told to report the presence of national police units. But Nice city hall believes some of these national police had been replaced. The suspicion - denied vehemently in Paris - is that there has been a cover-up.
Hamilton struggled to fourth behind the Ferraris of Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen. Team-mate Valtteri Bottas took a maiden win. Vettel now leads by 13 points but it would have been 20 had the German won the race.Bottas said his first win felt "surreal", but added: "It's a good feeling and I am happy"
Mr Besigye is running against Mr Museveni in the presidential elections for the fourth time. He promised in 2013 that he would not run again but would use other means "to dismantle the dictatorship" His campaign rallies for the 2016 election have been characterised by supporters handing over donations.
Tube spiders are one of the UK's largest, with bodies up 2.2cm (0.9in) Mr Harwood first spotted the colony at his end-of-terrace home a year ago. He asked a friend for help to exterminate them but within three months they had returned.
The profit included a 'write back' of £27m in impairment charges. That means money which had been set aside to cover expected losses can now be released as loans performed better than expected. These are the first performance figures the bank has published since a corporate reorganisation in 2015.
Victim's body was found at Hedderley Walk, near St Ann's Well Road. Police have appealed for any witnesses to come forward. The victim was a 43-year-old man but no further details have yet been released. Several roads in the area were sealed off and officers carried out extra patrols.
Sir Tim Hunt reportedly told a conference in South Korea women in labs "cry" when you criticise them and "fall in love" with their male counterparts. He told the BBC he "did mean" the remarks but was "really sorry" The society said Sir Tim's comments did not reflect its own views.
Only 144,000 of the requests for help resulted in long-term care. The rest either received nothing or were advised to seek help from charities, the NHS or from housing services. Figures come after a coalition of health and care groups wrote to the Treasury last month warning that the care sector needed to be protected.
Celia Castedo is in Brazil where she is seeking asylum. She said she had no authority to stop the doomed flight. The plane crashed into a mountainside near the city of Medellin, killing 71 people. The head of the flight's crew has been arrested over the crash.
The Church of the Almighty God was founded in China in the 1970s. The group is still going strong today, despite being banned by the Chinese government. It is believed that the group's founder, a Chinese woman, died in a car crash in 1998. The church's website is still active, but it has been taken down by authorities.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have been involved in a long-running feud. The pair have both released new albums in the last few weeks. Other high-profile feuds include Oasis, Kim Kardashian and Nicki Minaj. But in the age of Twitter there are more platforms than ever for stars to trade barbs.
About 1,000 people gathered to observe a minute of silence and light candles in front of the Senedd. There are over 2,000 French people living in south Wales registered with the French consulate in London. First Minister Carwyn Jones was among the many to hold up a candle for the silence.
Spireites director Ashley Carson said the role was now "redundant" The 58-year-old moved from his position as chief executive to director of football earlier this year. He joined Chesterfield in 2011 and said he was "disappointed" to be leaving.
A further £475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015/16. A review was conducted in April 2014, but Welsh ministers said they do not publish the results of internal audits. All internal audits are shared with the public spending watchdog, the Wales Audit Office.
The £40m Pentland Studios project would offer studio space and production facilities in the Straiton area of the city.Creative Scotland has ringfenced £1m towards the cost of a Scottish studio, while the Scottish government has pledged a further £2m loan.
Prue Leith to be replaced by BBC cookery expert and writer Andi Oliver. Leith made her last appearance during the series finale broadcast on Friday. She said being on the show had brought her "huge pleasure" but it was "time for a change" Regular judges Matthew Fort and Oliver Peyton will return for 12th series.
Abdallah El Said scored the only goal of the game in the 89th minute. Joseph Ochaya earlier had a goal correctly disallowed for offside. The win means Egypt play Ghana on Wednesday with top spot of Group D still at stake. Uganda are out of their first tournament since 1978.
Dogs could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs they take for walks in public. Authorised officers would also have the power to request dogs be put on a lead. The consultation runs until 31 January and a report is presented to the city's executive board in March.
President Mugabe's party is riven with divisions over who will succeed him. The liberalised dollar economy of 2009 is on the brink of collapse. Long queues at banks have limited the amounts people can withdraw. A few hundred thousand citizens with access to smart phones have started a debate.
Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university said the historic building, in the town centre, would become an information centre for prospective students. A number of courses will also be taught there. The courtroom and an art gallery housed in the Grade II-listed building will remain open to the public.
A tsunami hit the village of Nuugaatsiaq, north-western Greenland. Four people are reported missing and 39 people have been evacuated. The tsunami was caused by a magnitude-four earthquake, which is rare for the area. Meteorologists said it was "not normal" for such an earthquake to hit Greenland.
It happened at about 12:30 BST and the victim died at the scene. Another man is in a critical condition. The road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours while a thorough investigation into the crash is carried out. It is not yet known if the driver will be charged with any offence.
Mrs May will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after his inauguration. A post-Brexit free trade deal is thought to be high on her agenda. Nato, the European Union, defence and Russia are all likely to be discussed. Mrs May has promised to hold "very frank" discussions with Mr Trump.
Under Secretary of State Patrick Kennedy asked the bureau to unclassify the message so it could be archived, "never to be seen again" He made the request in relation to an email about the 2012 attacks on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. But the FBI said it did not change the classification level.
A monthly travelcard costs £135 ($174), according to a Deutsche Bank report. London was ranked 10th most expensive for petrol, and third for car hire. Zurich topped the list for the most expensive fares, with a ticket costing £95 ($123) London's taxis fared slightly better, ranked 20th in a list of 47 cities.
Gillingham have signed eight players so far this summer. Gills have started the season with a 0-0 draw to Doncaster and a 2-0 loss to Reading. Gillingham finished 20th in League One last season. The club are still on the lookout for more players.
Lionsgate will add more than 100 titles to Steam's online store and streaming service. Full range is available to US users initially, with European customers having access to a small selection. On launch, the worldwide selection is limited to 11 older titles, priced betweenÂ£3.49 - Â£5.59 for a 48-hour rental.
Among those detained is his brother-in-law and one of the two pilots who flew Guzman to his home state of Sinaloa. Mexico's attorney general said a member of Guzman's legal team, described as the mastermind, was also arrested. Guzman escaped from a high-security prison through a specially dug tunnel.
Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School and Pulteneytown and South primaries. It will also have community facilities which will be available to the public. Highland Council said contractor Hub North Scotland (Wick) Ltd had informed it of delays.
The VAT Flat Rate Scheme simplifies businesses' record keeping. It also makes it easy to work out the VAT they have to pay. But because it is an approximation, some businesses will pay more, and some less. It will increase the VAT paid by labour-intensive businesses where very little is spent on goods.
Ministers want all pupils in England to study maths, English, science, one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE. But some young people "will find it a problem" Sir Michael Wilshaw, told the Times Educational Supplement (TES) Sir Michael said vocational subjects would suit some pupils better.
Work on Portsmouth's jetty, built in the 1920s and last upgraded in the 1970s, has begun. It forms part of a Â£100m infrastructure package to prepare the base for the arrival of the first carrier. Once completed, the revamped naval base is expected to create hundreds of jobs in Portsmouth.
Stuart Hamilton, 37, was last seen by his friends and family two weeks ago. He was seen on CCTV at Haymarket Station on Sunday at 10:16. He then travelled by train to Manchester and was spotted near Buckingham Palace. Mr Hamilton is about 6ft 2in with short, dark, receding hair.
Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark. They are also being given advice by Natural Resources Wales on how to safely handle and release them. Angel sharks can grow up to about 2.5m (8ft) in length and are not threatening to humans.
Officials say that the lava isn't putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance. Video filmed from a helicopter shows the hot liquid rock from the Kilauea volcano falling off the cliffs. The lava has now reached the Pacific Ocean and is expected to continue for some time.
Denis O'Brien obtained an injunction to stop RTÉ reporting details of his personal finances. The media mogul's fortune is estimated to be around £5bn. The comments were made by TD Catherine Murphy under privilege in the Dáil. RTÉ lawyers said as a result there was no need for the injunction to remain.
Sergio Henao was contacted by cycling's governing body and an anti-doping agency about data between August 2011 and June 2015. Colombian said he was "beyond disappointed", having missed three months in 2014 over similar concerns. Team Sky stressed Henao had not failed a doping test and had been withdrawn because of the "very obvious distraction to him"
Kevin Patrick Dawes, 33, was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria. The State Department said Mr Dawes was turned over to Russian authorities. The Czech government, which represents US diplomatic interests in Syria, helped secure his release. Austin Tice, a journalist, disappeared in August 2012 while working in Syria.
Sir Desmond de Silva QC carried out the review at the government's request. Mr Finucane was shot dead by loyalists in front of his wife and children. His widow, Geraldine, has dismissed the report as a "sham" and a "whitewash" Chief constable of the Police Service of Northern Ireland said the police fully accepted the findings of the report.
Annan Athletic chairman Henry McClelland and Inverness player Lewis Horner were this week charged by the national body with gambling offences. Scottish FA regulations prohibit players from betting on any football match. Wishart admits he is uncertain whether the existing regulations are adequate, and reiterates his belief that Scottish football's authorities must tackle the problem.
Jason Van Dyke was heckled as he arrived at court where he denied six counts of first-degree murder. Video released earlier this year showing the shooting of Laquan McDonald sparked an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police. The inquiry will explore whether race plays a part in the police use of force.
The last print edition of the Independent will be published on Saturday 26 March. The last Independent on Sunday will be on 20 March. ESI Media said "some redundancies among editorial employees" would be made. But it said there would also be 25 new "digital-content roles" ESI also confirmed it will sell its sister title, i, to Johnston Press.
Edinburgh opted to end the pursuit out of respect for his old club. Newport have confirmed the release of defender Matt Taylor. The 34-year-old joined from Cheltenham in the summer but made just five appearances for the south Wales club. Taylor is understood to be a target for Torquay United.
The Bank of England says it is cleaner and more secure than the cotton paper notes which have been used for the past 100 years. To celebrate the Millennium, the old Northern Bank (now Danske) introduced the slippery clean fiver to local pockets. Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999.
Reg Foggerdy disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in Western Australia. Police trackers found him sitting under a tree on 12 October, around 15km (9 miles) from where he went missing. He said he poked a stick into an ants nest and ate the insects for nutrition.
Sadio Mane scored twice in the space of 138 seconds as Liverpool beat Spurs 2-0. Spurs have won just twice on the road since 24 September, including defeats at Chelsea and Manchester United. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side are not ready to fight for the Premier League.
The announcement comes a month after troops launched an offensive to oust rebels from Syria's third largest city. The UN says more than 100,000 people have died in the two-year uprising against President Bashar al-Assad. The capture of Khalidiya would add further impetus to the counter-offensive by government troops.
Man in his 20s allegedly racially abused by staff at Heathrow Airport. Incident occurred just over 24 hours after Arsenal's 2-1 win over Burnley. Arsenal have declined to comment on the incident. The incident is now in the hands of the Metropolitan Police's Hate Crime Unit.
Many people in the Russian-backed region are unhappy with the ailing economy and lack of reforms. Abkhazian nationalist feeling is also fuelling the unrest. The opposition's chief point of contention is Alexander Ankvab's more liberal (relatively speaking) policy towards ethnic Georgians.
Anagha Nikam was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter. She tweeted to the ministry and asked for help, and milk was provided at the next station. The ministry is known for being proactive on Twitter, and has helped many distressed passengers in the past.
The video for You're In Love With A Psycho was released on Monday. It features a group of young people dancing to the beat of the song. The video was released to raise awareness of mental health issues in the UK. The song is called "You're In love with A Psycho" and is available on iTunes.
London-based private doctor Mark Bonar prescribed banned performance-enhancing drugs to over 150 British athletes including footballers. The Sunday Times says it has secretly filmed Bonar claiming he has prescribed drugs such as EPO, steroids and human growth hormone. Arsenal said they were "extremely disappointed" by the publication of the claims, "which are without foundation"
Nearly 25,000 signatures - 10% of Cardiff's voters - are needed to force a vote on the issue. Labour councillor Ashley Govier told BBC Wales only about 8,000 have been collected. Mr Govier said the debate has "moved on" and a regional mayor was now needed.
Gosport's HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are among 91 MoD sites set to close. Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced the closures on Monday. He said the closures would deliver better value for money and release enough land across the UK to build 55,000 homes. It is estimated that about Â£140m will be saved over the next decade.
The military says all but eight of the 129 girls have escaped. But parents of the girls say many are still missing. Islamist militant group Boko Haram took the girls to forested areas near the Cameroonian border. The group is waging a bloody campaign for an Islamic state in northern Nigeria.
HM Revenue & Customs said the plant could have cost taxpayers nearly Â£138m a year in lost duty and taxes. Ten men, aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay, were detained on suspicion of immigration offences. The raid took place over several days but details have only just been released.
The National Crime Agency has been criticised for not doing enough to protect the public. It has been accused of failing to do enough to tackle organised crime. But the NCA says it is already doing a lot to tackle the problem. The NCA is also trying to improve the way the public can report crime.
BBC America and the international edition of iPlayer screen some of the corporation's best known programmes. Reports suggest American pay-TV operators had threatened to drop the BBC America channel if the app had launched locally because they believed it would cost them viewers. BBC Worldwide first announced it intended to pull support for the Global iPlayer app in October 2013.
The building in Hammersmith's Margravine Cemetery, London created in 1869, has been given Grade II listing. Families unable to immediately pay for a burial previously used to keep dead relatives in their homes, contributing to cholera outbreaks in the city. The use of reception houses was phased out with the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s.
The winning image by Hadi Asadi from Iran shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and with burning yellow hair. Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past on themes including the Islamic State group and the Holocaust. This year's logo is based on the Nazi emblem, with a T instead of a swastika.
Bernie Sanders is a surprise hit on dating app Tinder. His supporters are using the app to spread the Bernie gospel. The hashtag #demdebate has been used more than 600,000 times over the past 24 hours. Hillary Clinton is commonly called '#HRC' by supporters.
James Chester scored the decisive penalty with Vale's Richard Duffy the only man to miss from the spot. Vale matched Albion, who again left wantaway striker Saido Berahino out of their side. Salomon Rondon missed the best chance of the game - hitting the crossbar from close range.
The 29-year-old joined the U's on a free in May 2015 but has made only six appearances for the League Two side. Keane spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage and has also spent time with Luton and Preston. He says he is 'desperate to get back playing football'
Two men broke into the farm house near to Corsock, Castle Douglas. They stole a number of war medals, gold watches and antiques. Police believe the men may have been "casing" the property before the raid. The householder was not injured in the incident.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon: "My thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident" Prime Minister David Cameron: "I'm being kept fully briefed on the major incident in Glasgow" Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson: "This is a terrible tragedy, right in the heart of Scotland's biggest city" Archbishop Philip Tartaglia: "The circumstances could hardly be more tragic"
England beat Wales, Samoa and Australia to top Pool A. A 24-22 victory over South Africa booked their spot in the final. New Zealand beat Scotland, Italy and Ireland to win Pool B, defeating France 39-26 in the semi-finals. South Africa beat France 37-15 in the third-place play-off.
The carriageway was closed between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services, with congestion stretching back as far as junction 15a for Towcester. Police were called to the incident at about 18:45 BST on Thursday and have also closed two northbound lanes.
The performance artist is spending 512 hours interacting with the public at the show. It is held in three completely empty rooms, with phones, cameras and even watches banned. Each can stay as long as they wish, with the gallery imposing a "one in - one out" policy. The show is titled 512 Hours, after the amount of time Abramovic will spend in the gallery.
Charlie Flanagan met NI Secretary James Brokenshire and also talked to some of the parties at Stormont on Wednesday. The parties described their two days of talking as business-like, but said there was no sign they were close to resolving the big stumbling block - Sinn Féin's refusal to work with Arlene Foster as first minister.
Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company's premises near Inverness on Monday. The firm has already created 100 new jobs to allow it to meet the needs of the utility company. The investment has also provided additional job security to the existing 273 staff members.
Marie Logie's body was found in her first-floor flat in Green Gates, Leven. She had sustained head injuries and was pronounced dead at the scene. Police said there were no signs of a break in and no clear motive for her death. Her family have paid tribute to her as a "beloved mother, grandmother and friend"
The fires are being fanned by strong winds, high temperatures and a prolonged drought. Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water to douse the fires. One town, Santa Olga, has been destroyed by the blaze in Chile's central region.
Israel insists fewer than 100 homes have been approved. The new homes would be built within the area of an existing settlement. Palestinians welcomed Washington's criticism but called on it to take real action. About 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100 settlements built since 1967. The settlements are considered illegal under international law.
Mr Justice Cobb said he was suspicious the parents were going to areas controlled by so-called Islamic State. But he said their "attitude" had "genuinely changed" and he concluded that the children should return home. The judge did not identify the couple but said they were from London but lived in north-east England.
The conditions endured by chainmakers and their demands for a minimum wage caused a national scandal in 1910. Artist Luke Perry, from a family of chainmakers, has created the statue after more than two years. He said: "It's something which is a wonderful piece of our history, but still, I don't think enough people know about it"
The report warns that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation. Somalia's Islamist al-Shabab militants are believed to be recruiting heavily in north-eastern Kenya. A total of 185 respondents were interviewed, representing nearly 30% of the estimated total of 684 returnees in the country.
The woman who was driving the vehicle is in a critical condition in hospital. She was a passenger in a car that collided with a lorry on the Legacorry Road. Moor Road in Coalisland, County Tyrone, has been closed following a two-vehicle crash.
The strike is over a 1% pay rise that was awarded last year to all midwives in England, Scotland and Wales. The Department of Health said officials worked to ensure a safe service was provided during the stoppage. It saidMidwives in Northern Ireland had the same settlement as colleagues in England.
Northumbria Police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images. Supt Sarah Pitt said the force was working with schools across South Tyneside to make children "aware of the risks around sharing images of themselves and others via text and social network sites"
Kevin Malthouse, 24, was stabbed in the chest and died at the scene. Jack Taylor, 18, has been charged with his murder and is due to appear at Basildon Magistrates' Court. A 22-year-old man who was also arrested has been bailed pending further investigations.
The 23-year-old recruit, surnamed Im in previous reports but named as Lim by Yonhap news agency, was found guilty of killing and injuring his comrades. He was captured two days later after he shot himself during a tense stand-off with troops. The soldier expressed remorse in a statement last month before his sentence was announced.
Japanese carmaker's investment in the Burnaston plant near Derby will allow production of vehicles using its new global manufacturing system. The factory employs about 2,500 people, while another 590 work at Toyota's engine plant at Deeside, North Wales. The government is providing £21.3m in funding for training, research and development, and improving the plant's environmental performance.
Neil Ward, chief executive of the Football Association of Wales Trust, said the diminishing sports budget was leading to "unrealistic" expectations. Welsh Government said it was "totally committed to making Wales a more healthy and active nation" Its funding via Sport Wales has fallen by 14% in the past seven years.
Helen Zille will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019. Ms Zille, a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner, has led the party since 2007. She has openly criticised President Jacob Zuma and led a campaign to bring him before the courts to face allegations of bribery.
Eubank Jnr. suffered a brain injury in a fight with IBF welterweight champion George Groves. The fight was stopped in the 10th round. Eubank's father says the fight was not about him, it was about his son. He says he wants to make sure his son gets the treatment he needs.
Karen and Jay Priest were told their son Justin, 29, had been killed. They drove to his girlfriend's home in Alaska to inform her of the news. But when they arrived, they found another man with the same name but different birthday. The Juneau police have apologised for the error.
The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May but has only made three appearances for the Championship club. Mark Cooper's League One side have been hit by several injuries this season. "He's still got a massive future at QPR," says director of football Les Ferdinand.
Lord Keen said the Scottish Parliament had no authority over EU affairs. He said the convention was not intended to be a justiciable legal principle. The Supreme Court is hearing the case for and against triggering Article 50. The case is expected to last until the end of the month.
The man, who was in his 60s, died at Silverthorn Avenue in Coleraine. Police were informed of his death just after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday. A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with his death. There are no further details at present.
Lawyer for the Donaldson family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting Garda Deputy Assistant Commissioner Derek Byrne and two other senior police officers. Mr Donaldson was shot dead in a remote cottage in Donegal in April 2006, months after admitting that he had been an MI5 agent for more than 20 years.
Maj Gen James Johnston set up a hospital to treat prisoners at Bergen-Belsen. His son said: "He had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day" The plaque was unveiled in Northiam, East Sussex where Gen Johnston lived. About 60 people, including members of Gen Johnston's family, gathered for the unveiling.
The device was discovered on Foreglen Road on Wednesday morning. It was discovered following a telephone call to a local hospital. The road has reopened after a security alert in the area. The device was taken away for forensic examination. Det Insp Bob Blemmings said: "We appreciate that the alert caused traffic disruption"
Mercedes' Nico Rosberg was 0.275 seconds quicker than Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen. Red Bulls of Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo close behind. Hamilton failed to complete a clean lap on his qualifying simulation on the ultra-soft tyres and ended up seventh.
Camau Bach in Aberystwyth closed after a boy was left on a minibus for two hours. Police and the charity Mudiad Meithrin have been asked to investigate the incident. It is thought the boy was playing in the play area when he was taken away.
Kingfisher is selling a 70% stake in the business - which has 39 stores and more than 3,000 staff. The company had already announced that it was looking for a strategic partner to develop its B&Q business in China. The transaction is subject to approval by the Chinese Ministry of Commerce. It is expected to be completed in the first half of 2015.
Belgium, the only country blocking accord, needed consent from the regional parliament of Wallonia. The wide-ranging deal, seven years in the making, was to be signed next week. Wallonia sees the accord as a threat to farmers and welfare standards. Its fears echo those of anti-globalisation activists.
Remembering, Forgetting and Moving On was organised by Cardiff University's School of Journalism. It was held as the community prepares to mark the 50th anniversary of a coal waste tip sliding on to the village school and 18 homes on 21 October 1966. People in the audience felt moved to stand up and tell their own stories.
A sell-out crowd of 70,000 is expected at Aintree Racecourse on Merseyside. Bookmakers expect up to £300m to be wagered on the race. Last year's runner-up will bid to become the first top weight to triumph since Red Rum in 1974.
McKenzie, 38, will take on Jahmaine Smyle at York Hall on 12 November for the English super-middleweight championship. The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a professional boxer in 2013 having quit football two years previously. He has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights.
The red-throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in a remote part of North Uist. The birds are on the RSPB's amber list after a recent decline in numbers. Plastic bags can kill birds if they eat, or become entangled, in one.
The man was found by a passer-by off Promenade Street in Heywood. He was pronounced dead at the scene and officers are treating the death as suspicious. A post-mortem examination is due to take place and officers have asked for any witnesses to contact them.
Mansfield voted most strongly to leave, with 70.9% backing Brexit. Rushcliffe, which includes the towns of West Bridgford and Bingham, was the only area to vote for Remain. The turnout in Nottingham was the fifth lowest in the UK at 61.8%.
Roma beat Bologna 3-0 at the Stadio Olimpico. Goals from Federico Fazio, Mohamed Salah and Edin Dzeko. AC Milan beat Palermo 4-0 to go sixth in Serie A. Diego Falcinelli scored twice for the hosts.
Fiona Hyslop had been accused of 'cronyism' over the funding. But Audit Scotland said there was a 'clear rationale' for the grant. It said the Scottish government had the legal authority to make the decision. The money was to help DF Concerts with operational costs related to the change of venue.
Harrison says "all the cards are in Joshua's favour" in Saturday's fight. The 44-year-old calls the American a "rugged, tall, big southpaw" Martin has won 23 and drawn one of his 24 fights and beat Vyacheslav Glazkov.
The All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party, or AIADMK, has been playing a crucial role in providing political stability in Tamil Nadu. The party was founded in 1972 by the charismatic MG Ramachandran, a film star turned politician. Jayalalitha's death has triggered an air of uncertainty among the 75 million Tamils.
Remains of a man aged between 30 and 49, were found close to the M54 motorway in Shropshire, in August. Two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara, a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket that was also uncovered.
Fighting lasted for several hours near the city of Mazar-e Sharif in northern Balkh province. Earlier estimates put the death toll as high as 134, but a statement from the defence ministry on Saturday gave the figure of more than 100 killed or injured. At least 10 Taliban militants were also killed in the fighting and one attacker was detained.
Andy Murray says the British team have produced when it matters. He says he was worried when he was a set and a break down against Gilles Simon. Murray will now head to Washington for his next tournament in about 10 days. He will then start training and head over to the States to get ready for September.
Asylum Information Centre in Belgrade receives 400-500 asylum seekers a day. Many of the new arrivals are from the Middle East. The centre's manager says the Balkan route is still being used. But he says people are now using other ways to get to western Europe.
Falkirk manager Houston is relishing the chance to take on Rangers, Hearts and Hibs. The Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14 but were beaten by Hamilton Academical, who eventually won promotion to the Premiership. Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss.
The man was pulled from the water by the RNLI's Penlee Inshore Lifeboat. He was airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro and pronounced dead. Police said the man had been reported floating face-down in the water. The man was found near the bow of an angling boat moored alongside Albert Pier.
Kilcoo set up a meeting with either Kilcar or Glenswilly on 30 October. Scotstown duo Francis Caulfield and Brian McGinnity were sent off late on. Kilcoo's lead was cut to a point but the Down champions moved three ahead again.
Jenkins and Stimpson will compete in the World Triathlon on Australia's Gold Coast. The Welsh athlete would need to finish ahead of Stimpson and show Olympic medal-winning potential. The GB team will be announced before the Columbia Threadneedle World triathlon in Leeds, 11-12 June.
The leadership contest will begin on Thursday, with the new leader to be announced on 2 June. The early favourites for the post are Social Protection Minister Leo Varadkar and Housing Minister Simon Coveney. His government has lasted just more than a year, with limited support from the main opposition party, Fianna Fáil.
The 13-month-old was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow. A second inquest was ordered after a seven-minute hearing in 2014. It was due to be held in Kendal from 15 May and will be rescheduled for October. Her father, Paul Worthington, has been unable to secure legal aid.
United Launch Alliance - the joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin - currently flies the Atlas and Delta rockets. The first element to be introduced will be the first-stage booster, which will feature an all-new, all-American liquid-fuelled engine. This will enable ULA to end its use of Russian-made RD-180 rocket motors.
Steven Rodriguez, better known as A$AP Yams or Yamborghini, died aged 26. His death was caused by acute mixed drug intoxication. Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in his system and it was ruled an accident. Drake tweeted: "Rest in peace Yams. A $AP is family."
Photos on the internet appear to show Diouf in a nightclub, just hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March. "I've made some inquiries and I've asked him about it and he denies he was there," Saunders told Radio Sheffield. Diouf has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club in October.
Aberdeen take on Maribor in the third qualifying round of the Europa League on Thursday. The Scottish side have lost to Hibernian, Rangers and Celtic in recent seasons. Aberdeen boss Gary McInnes says his side are not daunted by the Slovenian side's record.
Rory McIlroy will play with Thomas Pieters against Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler. Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello will take on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth. Rory Stenson will play alongside Matt Fitzpatrick against Brandt Snedeker and Brooks Koepka.
Rents for grade A offices have risen to £15.50-per-sq ft over the past year. But they are still well below the UK average of £24. It is claimed that the prospect of a relatively low financial return is acting as a barrier to substantial build projects.
A working reactor caught fire, explosively. Radioactive debris was sent 30,000 feet into the air - the height at which airliners conventionally fly. A spokesman for Tokyo Electric Power Company (Tepco), which runs the plant, suggested it could even end up being worse than Chernobyl.
The helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in the Daventry area. Pilot Paul Atherton said it was "very distracting" Officers were unable to find out who was responsible for the laser. There was a total of 1,400 attacks on aircraft reported to the Civil Aviation Authority.
LipNet matches text to the movement of a person's mouth with 93% accuracy. Project was partially funded by Google's artificial intelligence firm DeepMind. But experts said the system needed to be tested in real-life situations. It was trained by feeding it 29,000 videos, labelled with the correct text.
The UK is still 'bold' but 'dependable', 'outward looking' and a bastion of free trade. She has done that in private sessions with several leaders and a press conference with President Obama. But very frank words from the United States, Japan and Donald Tusk will steal plenty of the headlines instead.
Cane toads introduced to Australia in the 1930s to control sugar cane pests. The subsequent spread has been unstoppable, devastating the continent's animals. Among the hardest hit are the yellow-spotted monitors (Varanus panoptes) Their population is estimated to have plummeted by 90%. When the toads invade a new area, these reptiles feast on the amphibians, and subsequently die.
England won by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse featuring three run-outs in Sharjah on Tuesday. Pakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumphed with nine overs to spare. ICC declined to confirm or deny that it was investigating the game.
Long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers. Google said it wanted to focus on "formats that work well for both users and advertisers" One media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television services. The 30-second ad is a legacy from TV times, said Will Smyth of Agenda21.
Wales squad for Euro 2016 qualifier against Belgium is made up of 12 players. Wales are currently second in Group B behind leaders Belgium. The squad will train in Cardiff for five days before the match on June 8. The match will be played at Cardiff City Stadium in front of 2,000 fans.
Barrister for Christian-run firm Ashers said if they lost the discrimination case there would be wide-reaching consequences for shop owners. The case in Belfast was taken by gay rights activist, Gareth Lee. He placed the order for the cake with Ashers. No indication has been given when the judgement will be issued.
European Athletics set up a taskforce to look into the credibility of world records. Its ruling council has now ratified the proposals put forward by the taskforce. Current records that do not meet the new criteria would remain on an "all-time list" Britain's Paula Radcliffe, who faces losing her 2003 marathon world record, called the proposals "cowardly"
Patrick Joseph Connors said Michael Hughes was allowed to eat with the family and use their swimming pool. The court heard that Mr Hughes was paid £20 a day, which went up to £50 as he became a more skilled labourer. The four defendants deny one count of requiring another person to perform forced or compulsory labour between 2010 and 2013.
Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday. A man in his 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident. Two other people were taken to hospital for treatment to their injuries. Their injuries are not believed to be life-threatening.
The World Rugby Hall of Fame was launched by ex-England captain Bill Beaumont. World Cup winners Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in to the "hall" The attraction features video archive of rugby matches and memorabilia.
Lt Col Lucy Giles, 46, will be at the helm at New College. The academy was founded in 1947 after two older military institutions merged. The married mother-of-two said: "I have to pinch myself really, because it's an enormous privilege to be in this unique position"
Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted on Tuesday by men carrying what were thought to be axes. No-one was injured, and police have not released any details of what was taken. In November, watches, and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen during a raid at the store's branch in Yarm.
Middlesex batsman Paul Stirling scores his first Championship century. Nick Compton and Stevie Eskinazi both fall in quick succession for 187. Yorkshire batsman Tom Robson is still there on 152 not out at the close of play. Middlesex are 337-4 after winning the toss and batting first.
The incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge. She was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment. Both boys are described as being white, aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured sportswear. Police are carrying out inquiries in the local area and studying CCTV footage.
Stewart Greene, 65, of Grimoldby, Lincolnshire, denies murder. He told the court he drowned Alex because he was angry with the nine-year-old's mother. Dr Philip Joseph told the jury: "This is one of the most callous killings or murders I have been involved with"
The unemployment rate last month was 4.3%, falling a 10th of a percentage point to its lowest level since 2001. Economists had expected growth of more than 180,000. Official job creation figures for March and April were also revised down. The jobs report is a closely watched barometer of the US economy.
McAnuff, 31, joined the Royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances. He began his career at Wimbledon in 2001 and has played for West Ham, Cardiff and Crystal Palace. McAnuff was on the substitutes' bench for Reading's Championship opener against Ipswich but started at Bolton last weekend.
Stanford University analysis of 68 million days' worth of minute-by-minute data. Hong Kong was top averaging 6,880 a day, while Indonesia was bottom of the rankings. Key ingredient was "activity inequality" - difference between fittest and laziest. The bigger the activity inequality, the higher the rates of obesity.
NHS Direct initially won 11 of the 46 regional contracts for the service, covering 34% of the population. It has already pulled out of two services, but now says the remaining nine are "financially unsustainable" Talks are already taking place with other providers, particularly the ambulance trusts, to see who could take over.
The new centre would allow the courts service to move out of historic Inverness Castle. The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service has proposed that the centre has six courtrooms. It would also have facilities for supporting and advising victims and witnesses of domestic abuse, sexual violence and child abuse.
Cardiff are seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places. The Bluebirds have been placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League following a breach of Financial Fair Play rules. Manager Russell Slade has insisted he is still the man to lead the club but Dalman says his position is under scrutiny.
Next was found to have used a tax avoidance scheme called a rate-booster. Court ruled Next diverted UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief on overseas profits. Such schemes are a way in which firms avoid corporation tax on foreign profits that are then paid back to the UK parent firm.
The South Bank Sky Arts Awards are celebrating their 20th anniversary. The awards honour "the very best of British culture and achievement" The winners will be announced at a ceremony, hosted by Lord Melvyn Bragg. The ceremony will take place at London's Savoy Hotel on 5 June.
PCs Craig Nicholls and Jonathan Wright received Queen's Gallantry Medals. They chased Thomas Mair after he attacked Jo Cox in Birstall, West Yorkshire. Mrs Cox, the Labour MP for Batley and Spen, was stabbed and shot. Mr Kenny said: "I am honoured to receive such an award"
David Smith, 37, of Aviemore, had surgery to remove a tumour last year. The athlete won the medal in rowing at the London Paralympics in 2012. Smith said he had been dreading the results of his latest MRI scan. He said: "I almost passed out. I thought I was going to be sick"
At any one time, MI5 is handling in the region of 500 active investigations involving 3,000 "subjects of interest" There are around 4,000 people at MI5. Manchester is "Priority 1" in the MI5 jargon because there is "credible and actionable" intelligence.
Honda Racing team bosses have confirmed that Martin's highly anticipated return to the event is not to be. Martin crashed at the Isle of Man TT in June while the Honda machine has suffered mechanical problems this year. UGP clerk of the course Noel Johnston said he was disappointed by the news.
Al-Shabab militants killed at least 20 people in Garissa, Kenya, on Thursday. The Islamist group is believed to have been inspired by the 9/11 terror attacks in the U.S. Kenya's government has been accused of failing to protect its own citizens.
Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. A sharp drop in demand for energy has led to a massive oversupply of permits. The price of carbon needs to be a good deal higher than 5 euros to provide an adequate incentive for companies to cut emissions and invest in cleaner technologies.
The government has asked the contractor to return the excess money. The money was used to pay for the painting of portraits of Ghana's first president. The government is trying to cut its budget deficit as part of a three-year plan. It is the first time a minister has resigned in more than a decade.
Mehdi Nemmouche, 29, was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday. Prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility for the attack and spent more than a year in Syria. He is said to have had links with radical Islamists and served five years in jail in France.
Football crowds at the time had a reputation for hooliganism and strict segregation was enforced. Fans began arriving at Leppings Lane at about midday. The entrance had a limited number of turnstiles, of which just seven were allocated to the 10,100 fans with tickets for the standing terraces.
John McIlwaine, grew up in Portadown, County Armagh, but worked at the University of Bradford. He died at the age of 49 on Tuesday night. He was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of Danny McIlhone in 2008 and Charlie Armstrong in 2010.
Energy firm wants to carry out test drilling on Springs Road, Misson. Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking said the drilling operation would be "devastating" for wildlife. Nottinghamshire County Council said the application did not include proposals for hydraulic fracturing - better known as fracking.
Ten-month-old Laith Atiga was crawling at his grandmother's home, in Berkshire, when he suddenly started coughing. His mother, Jude, took him to hospital, where he was diagnosed with tonsillitis. A few days later, after Laith regurgitated more food, Jude panicked. She called his doctors in New York, who told her to stop giving him solids. Laith was operated on, and a plastic angel, measuring almost 2cm [0.7in], was found in his oesophagus.
The Star published a photo of a woman with the word "Allah" written on her body. The image has been deemed offensive to Muslims. The Star has apologised for the publication of the image. The photo was taken at a concert in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The concert was cancelled after the photo was published.
The Kemp's ridley turtle was one of two found on beaches near Formby, Merseyside, and Cumbria's Walney Island. The turtles were believed to be from the Gulf of Mexico 5,000 miles (8,000 km) away and were among a small number which washed up on British and European shores.
Heather Knight is heading to Australia for the Women's Big Bash League. Knight has also led Hobart Hurricanes, Western Storm and Berkshire. Knight is looking forward to next summer's ICC Women's World Cup. England face Australia in the final at Lord's on July 23.
Saracen Sam Burgess has signed a new deal with Wigan Warriors. The 27-year-old is currently recovering from a back injury. He made his debut for Wigan against Huddersfield in the 2011 Super League. He is expected to be fit for the start of the 2014 season.
Wildsmith has made 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions. The 21-year-old had a loan spell with then-League One side Barnsley in 2015. Wildsmith: "It's great that the club believe in me and see me as part of the future"
Cook scored 25 goals in the National League last season. The 25-year-old returned to Holker Street after a stint at Grimsby. Cox: "The lad wants to play League football and I can't and won't have a go at players who want to play at a higher level"
Luke Procter scores 137, his highest first-class score. Alviro Petersen makes 81 in a total of 465, a first-innings lead of 347. Jimmy Adams fell to Jimmy Anderson early in Hampshire's second innings as they closed on 22-1, 325 runs behind.
England beat Australia 44-40 in the third Test to complete a series whitewash. Captain Dylan Hartley says his side have not played perfectly. England coach Eddie Jones admits his side need to improve in defence. Australia coach Michael Cheika believes his side wasted a good chance in Sydney.
The cub will be the first giant panda to be born in Hong Kong. Earlier this year, 10-year-old Ying Ying mated naturally and was also artificially inseminated. Staff at Ocean Park are unsure which method has resulted in the successful pregnancy.
Dozens of others remain in critical condition after the fire. The Colectiv club was hosting a free rock concert by the band Goodbye to Gravity. Up to 400 people are thought to have been inside when the fire broke out. Romania has declared three days of national mourning.
Jonathan Baines, 44, was found dead at a house on Ropery Road, Gainsborough. Pamela McLaggan, 51, denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. She was remanded in custody at Lincoln Crown Court ahead of sentencing. Mr Baines had been out for the day at Market Rasen races.
Ayla Ellison, of Ulverston, Cumbria, suffered severe brain damage following a "traumatic" birth at Furness General Hospital, Barrow, in April 2007. In 2012, Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence. It was ruled the trust will pay a tax-free sum every year for the rest of Ayla's life.
Leicester City Council had not undertaken a "robust risk assessment" of the boy's great-great-uncle who had been jailed for sexual abuse. Judge Clifford Bellamy said the boy should be placed into foster care. City council spokesman said the child has already been moved to an "appropriate placement"
Joanna Michael, 25, from St Mellons, Cardiff, rang 999 twice before she was stabbed to death in 2009. The Independent Police Complaints Commission ruled she was failed by South Wales and Gwent Police. Ms Michael's parents and children won the right to try to bring a claim for damages against both police forces in 2011. But it was thrown out by the Court of Appeal because officers have immunity from negligence claims.
The country's Privacy Protection Commission accused Facebook of dodging questions from European regulators. Internet users were also urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking them, regardless of whether they had accounts with it. The social network said it complied with data protection law and questioned the Belgian watchdog's authority.
"Downton Abbey" is set to return for a sixth series next year. It will be the first time the show has been back on British television since the 1980s. The show is set in London and is about the lives of a group of friends and family who live in London.
Mr Hammond dismissed reports of angry rows between the two as "tittle tattle" although he jokingly acknowledged he occasionally swore. Mrs May said she was "focused on 8 June" Mr Hammond and Mrs May were speaking at a press conference they arranged to attack Labour's election manifesto.
Wales board of Community Health Councils,(CHCs) want more public awareness of their work. They have been criticised for being 'the best kept secret in Wales' They want to be seen as independent bodies which work in the interests of the public. They are also looking to work more closely with other health watchdogs.
HBO says it had "enormous respect" for the show's creators and cast. Set in the 1970s, the series told of a charismatic record executive trying to revive his label. Bobby Cannavale, Olivia Wilde and Sir Mick Scorsese were among its executive producers. The series premiere in February was watched by 764,000 viewers.
Childline Northern Ireland carried out 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015/16. The callers considered most at risk were aged between 12 and 15. Girls were more likely to seek its help than boys, the charity said. One 17-year-old girl who contacted the charity last year said she was having difficulties coping at college.
Plans for a new lifeboat station in Scarborough have been approved. The new building will replace the existing building on Foreshore Road. Building work will begin in the autumn and take a year to complete. The building will cost £2m and will be funded by donations and grants.
Phelps, an 18-time Olympic champion, also recorded the year's fastest times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly. The 30-year-old, excluded from the World Championships by USA Swimming after a drink-drive conviction, won in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas. Phelps now has a record 55 national titles.
Portugal international Lopes, 26, received treatment and was lying on the ground when another firecracker exploded next to him. A first device was thrown from the stands after Gauthier Hein had given Metz a 28th-minute lead. Ligue de Football Professionnel (LFP) said its disciplinary committee was reviewing the incident.
A 23-year-old man is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. The two men who died, both aged 22, were from the north Staffordshire area. Part of the southbound carriageway was closed for seven hours after the crash.
The Lothians MSP, who has Parkinson's disease, outlined her Assisted Suicide Bill in Edinburgh. Critics have said it could see Scotland becoming a "suicide tourism" destination. The Scottish government has said it does not support a change in the law. It is still unclear whether there is majority backing for the measure among MSPs.
It was the first time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game. The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city's 22:00 curfew in the wake of the riots. The Orioles and Major League Baseball officials had said the decision to shut out fans was taken for safety reasons.
Germany, Australia, Nepal and Pakistan now offer a third gender option on official forms. Scientists are finding more evidence to suggest that even biological sex is a spectrum. Around 1 in 100 babies are born with DDS but up to 1 in 1,000 people have less obvious differences.
Switzerland is not a member of the EU, but has adopted large sections of EU policy. In 2013, 80,000 immigrants joined Switzerland's population of eight million. The latest opinion polls show the referendum on free movement is likely to be very close. But many voters are swayed by the argument that Switzerland cannot take any more people.
The crash happened at Pandy on the main road between Abergavenny and Hereford. Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the scene. The A465 Hereford Road has been shut in both directions but it is expected to reopen on Thursday evening.
Ferguson, which went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs, will be renamed Ferguson Marine Engineering. Mr McColl has promised to upgrade facilities at the Port Glasgow yard and seek work in the renewables sector. He hopes to grow the workforce from its pre-administration level of 77 to 120 people.
Ravenscraig steelworks in central Scotland closed in 1992 after a bitter 12-year fight. Today it is largely a wasteland, the biggest brownfield site in Europe. There is still a numbness here, the pain of a phantom limb still nearly unbearable. It goes to the heart of a problem that haunts the West and reverberates in its politics.
Michael Coe, 35, called the girl a "whore" before throwing the boy to the ground. He also attacked a passing teacher who had tried to help the couple. Coe was radicalised in prison by al-Qaeda terrorist Dhiren Barot in 2007.
Those aged 60 and over are fastest growing population in English and Welsh prisons. Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group, says the report. Prisons Minister Andrew Selous due to give evidence on older prisoners to the Commons justice select committee. The government said it was "committed to providing suitable facilities"
Incident happened on the Whiterock Road at about 15:00 GMT on Friday. Police said it was witnessed by people waiting to pick up prescriptions, including children. Man has been charged with two counts of criminal damage, disorderly behaviour and of assault on police. He is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates Court on 5 December.
The Pidie Jaya region, on the north Aceh coast, was the hardest hit. The tremor hit just offshore early on Wednesday morning. Thousands of people have been forced to take refuge in temporary shelters and mosques. Many more are feared trapped under rubble after hundreds of buildings collapsed.
Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth's Anthony Williams were sent-off early in the game. Ciaran McKeever and Rowland helped Armagh to a 2-5 to 0-6 half-time lead. Jamie Clarke added the third.
Yoga teacher says she has lived in Paris for 30 years and seen her health deteriorate. Her lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths per year. Paris has struggled for years to combat high levels of smog. Authorities have introduced fines for any vehicle not carrying a "Crit'Air" emissions category sticker.
Germany lose 2-1 to Denmark in the quarter-final of the European Championships. The result means the tournament will have a different winner for the first time since Norway's triumph in 1993. Austria beat Spain in a shootout after the sides drew 0-0, meaning they will face the Danes in the semis. England beat France 1-0 to secure a meeting with hosts Netherlands.
Mr Farron was asked three times if he believed homosexual sex was a sin. He refused to give a direct answer, instead choosing to say "my firm belief is we are all sinners" He said he was "passionate about LGBT-plus rights" and defending equal marriage would be "at the top of my agenda"
The European Court of Justice has ruled that the data transfer is illegal. The court will now decide whether or not to order the data to be sent back to the U.S. It is not yet clear if the data will be sent to the US or to a third party.
Robinson has signed a new contract with the Blues. The 36-year-old has not played since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April. But he has still clocked up 36 appearances this season, taking his total number of games in a royal blue shirt to 119. Rowett: "Robbo is an influential person around the dressing room and been a good help to me since I've come in"
British Pest Control Association (BPCA) described them as "aggressive" products. It has recently attended nine properties in areas including Poole and Bournemouth. The service said neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off. It is asking people who wish to use them to contact residents in advance.
The storms over the weekend killed six people, including two Girl Guides who were crushed by a falling tree. Thousands of homes were also damaged. Chief forester Konrad Tomaszewski said it would take up to two years to clear the fallen trees, and decades for the lost natural habitat to recover. Comes as the Polish government faces criticism for logging in Europe's oldest forest.
The department is funding redundancies for 212 staff who have already applied to leave before the 2015/16 academic year. It has told a further 285 staff they can leave during the year. The cost of the redundancies was due to be funded under the civil service voluntary exit scheme. But the £700m scheme's future is uncertain due to continuing discord over welfare reform.
Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde. Cowdenbeath overcame Montrose 2-0, while Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City. Edinburgh City snatched all three points in their game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' late header.
Gerry McGowan, Michael Toner, Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers when they were accused of killing Lt Steven Kirby in 1979. The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998. They are now involved in a civil case against the police for wrongful arrest.
Of 14,890 council maintained schools inspected, 91% are rated good or outstanding by Ofsted, compared with 85% of 5,058 academies. Only schools with academy status are allowed to form trusts to sponsor weaker schools.Ministers said there was no legal frame for council schools to be sponsors.
Statins reduce the build-up of fatty plaques that lead to blockages in blood vessels. Review suggests side effects such as muscle pain do occur, although in relatively few people. Critics say healthy people are unnecessarily taking medication. The Royal College of GPs and the British Heart Foundation are among a number of major organisations backing the report.
Andreas Mogensen of the European Space Agency and Aidyn Aimbetov both spent less than 10 days in orbit. The three spacemen made their parachute landing in central Kazakhstan after leaving the International Space Station (ISS) at 9.39pm on Friday. Mogensen said the crew had had "a fantastic mission" at the ISS, whose nine members represented five different nationalities.
Romania finished sixth in the team epee in London. Russia secured their sixth bronze of these games with a narrow 37-31 victory over Estonia. The number two seeds completed a 44-38 victory over China, who were champions in London four years ago. Find out how to get into fencing with our special guide.
An ultra low emission zone in London for the most polluting cars will come into force in April 2019. Reports say other cities will follow suit. The government will also produce a new air quality plan by the end of April. Theresa May has said she will "take into account" drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars by previous governments.
McCann is "delighted" with the seven new faces he has signed in recent weeks. Dundee have signed striker Sofien Moussa, midfielder Glen Kamara, defender Jack Hendry, midfielder Roarie Deacon and striker Rory Loy. Midfielder Scott Allan has also moved to Dens Park on a season-long loan.
Bach says he stands by his handling of the Russian doping crisis. But he admits there are "deficiencies" in the current anti-doping system. The German is considering a request to appear in front of a US Congressional committee. Bach insists the Rio Games were a "great success" despite a troubled build-up.
Faull was part of the famous British and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959. He made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour. He also played three times for the Barbarians. John was also the son of former international referee and former president of the Welsh Rugby Union, Wilf Faull.
Dalit activists call it a "golden period" for Dalits where "material markers are replacing social markers" But new research by Lakshmi Iyer, Tarun Khanna and Ashustosh Varshney paints a less rosy picture. The pattern of dismally low ownership of businesses among the most disadvantaged groups is not specific to any one region or state.
Woods returns to action after 15 months out with back surgery. The 40-year-old will play four full-field tournaments over the next five weeks. The Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego begins on Thursday. Woods will then play at the Dubai Desert Classic, Genesis Open at Riviera and Honda Classic.
The woman said the man was dressed in dark clothes and asked her to call an ambulance. "It was a terrible shock. You just don't know who you're answering the door to," she said. The man is in a stable condition in hospital after being shot in the leg.
Canadian Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been a key adviser for Silk Road creator Ross Ulbricht. The US Department of Justice alleged that Mr Clark advised Ul bricht about the best way to run the site and how to evade the police. The Silk Road website was shut down in late 2013 following raids by the FBI and other law enforcement agencies.
Jordan Slew gave Plymouth Argyle the lead on 14 minutes. Ashley Hemmings equalised for Mansfield Town on 58 minutes. David Fox put the Pilgrims ahead with an excellent finish from 18 yards. Ryan Donaldson and Yann Songo'o scored for the visitors.
This weekend is the 10th and last leg of the Sevens World Series. South Africa are currently top of the standings with two games to play. The final will be held at Twickenham in front of a crowd of more than 100,000. The match will be the first time the England team has played in Paris since 2006.
Hibs have been relegated from the Scottish Championship after three years. Neil Lennon's side won the Scottish Cup for the first time in 114 years. BBC Sport Scotland spoke to chief executive Leeann Dempster and former players Michael Stewart and Craig Paterson to assess their prospects.
The 42-year-old man was discovered in wetland at the Medmerry Nature Reserve, in Earnley, on Tuesday by Coastguards. Sussex Police said the incident, which took place in the Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT, was being treated as a "tragic accident" The Air Accidents Investigation Branch and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed.
Only bottom-club Rotherham have conceded more goals in the last 10 minutes than Cardiff. Bluebirds have conceded almost 30% of their goals between 80-90 minutes this season. Morrison says the whole team has a responsibility to improve their "game management" Cardiff host Ipswich in the Championship on Saturday 18 March.
The African champions take on the Europeans in Jeju, South Korea, on Wednesday. Zambia's prospects have been boosted by the return of captain Solomon Sakala. Chambeshi was part of the Zambia squad thrashed 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games in Seoul.
The sanctions freeze the US assets of those affected, and stop US entities from doing business with them. Those targeted include the interior minister and the head of the army. President Donald Trump vowed "strong and swift economic actions" if Mr Maduro held the poll, due on Sunday.
Yulia Tymoshenko has reportedly called off a prison hunger strike. The former Ukrainian prime minister is in Sochi for talks with Russia. He shelved a partnership deal with the EU last month, triggering protests in Kiev. The talks covered various economic issues, a statement from his office said.
More than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015. Activists said many left early ahead of the police action. France has one of Europe's toughest policies towards Roma. Most live in camps that are regularly demolished and thousands are deported.
More than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved. Hythe Ferry runs between Hythe and Southampton, serviced by a train which runs along a 640m (2,000ft) pier. Its current operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling.
Corran "Coz" Powell, 21, died following the collision in Braintree, Essex. His family is raising money to buy a particular area of land on which he dreamed about running outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young people. The centre would also be used as a venue for new bands and charity events.
Syd's Garden will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018. It has been designed by sculptor Stephen Pyle and garden designer Paul Herrington. The centrepiece will be a circular sculpture, depicting a teenage Barrett on a bicycle, armed with a guitar and a paint palette.
The footage shows Mr Duterte and his supporters making light of the assault by prison inmates in 1989 when he was town mayor. He said the female missionary was so beautiful that "the mayor should have been first" Critics say the comments show he is "unfit" for the office of president.
Iain Duncan Smith: "You can't claim democracy when you want it and reject it when you don't" Sir John Major: "The tyranny of the majority has never applied in a democracy" Nick Clegg: "Hard Brexiteers have no mandate to turn Britain into an offshore Singapore"
The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April. The contest was open to anyone with a camera or a mobile phone. The overall winner was Paolo Ferla who took "Electric Bristol" Mr Ferla said he used a 10 second self-timer and then ran into the shot.
Exam regulator Ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades - an increase of 27%. head teachers have complained about the quality of marking and the damaging impact of incorrect grades. "Every child sitting an exam deserves to trust that their paper will be marked accurately," said Chris King, head of the head teachers' leaders.
The world's number one aeroplane manufacturer made sales of $94.6bn, down 2%. It said revenues were likely to slip further in 2017, to between $90.5bn and $92.5billion. But the US company also expects to deliver more commercial aircraft and to improve its earnings per share.
Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final with Alan Campbell third in the B single scull final. The lightweight pair is a non-Olympic boat class but will have reminded the Great Britain coaches of their selection claims for the lightweight four.
Australia had a first-innings lead of 155 runs after bowling hosts out for 105 in Pune. The tourists scored 285 in the second innings, setting India a record target of 441 to win. India were all out for 107 as they lost inside three days, with Steve O'Keefe taking 6-35.
Daphne Koller, president of Coursera, says online degrees can be "more affordable and accessible" Prof Koller says the technology is available but universities have been hesitant about their "reputation" Most of the online courses have been short units that give students a certificate, rather than a full degree.
Jockey James Best edged ahead on the Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old. Last year's winner Theatre Guide had to settle for third, with Double Shuffle finishing second. "It's days like this that mean so much, this is the biggest day of my racing career," said Best.
Researchers found genetic disparities between Travellers and settled people in the Republic are largely due to them remaining genetically isolated for several centuries. The research was carried out by scientists from the Royal College of Surgeons in Ireland, University College Dublin, the University of Edinburgh and the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. They say it shows the divergence may have began 360 years ago.
The stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls last month. Highland Council said work to further stabilise rock in the area would continue over the next two to three weeks. The local authority is seeking a long-term solution to the bypass.
The bodies of Ronald Kidd, 40, and Holly Alexander, 37, were discovered. They were found at a tenement in Rosefield Street, in Dundee's west end. A man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday. Police have appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
Benson completed the event in one hour 48 minutes 31 seconds. He was ahead of Portugal's Joao Silva and Rostyslav Pevtsov of Azerbaijan. The Brownlee brothers did not compete, with their focus on this year's World Series competition and the Rio Olympic test event.
The museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building. About half of the project's £66m cost is being funded by the council. The Burrell collection consists of more than 8,000 artefacts. Fewer than a fifth of them have been on show at any one time.
Swindale Beck, near Haweswater, was straightened to clear land for grazing. The resultant faster flows washed gravel away, making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn. 16 salmon were spotted, along with five redds - disturbed gravel where eggs had been laid.
Most of the 152 people killed in the crash were French citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros. There was just one survivor - a teenage girl who was rescued from the sea. The crash caused anger amongst the Comorian community in France as people complained that the aircraft had been in poor condition.
Louisiana governor says some Republicans have made "offensive and bizarre" comments. He says the party shouldn't change its principles, not on abortion or gay marriage. He rejects big government - but also seems to reject the fights about it in Washington. But he doesn't say how Republicans can reach the fastest growing ethnic group - Latinos.
The 31-year-old Brazil forward has signed a two-year contract with an option of a third. Marta won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010. She was part of the Brazil side which lost in the 2007 World Cup final to Germany in China.
Mr Murray, who was elected as Labour's only Scottish MP in 2015, held the Edinburgh South seat with 26,269 votes. His majority increased significantly from 2,637 two years ago to 15,514.Across the capital, the SNP held three seats - Edinburgh South West, North and Leith and Edinburgh East, while the Lib Dems gained Edinburgh West.
Frayssinous, 40, is a former Catalans and France stand-off. He became the first French coach of the club when he replaced Trent Robinson in 2012. Coaches Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan and general manager Alex Chan will take charge of the first team.
Twins are the first to be born to Monaco's royal family since it was founded in the 13th Century. Prince Albert II has two other children but they are excluded from the throne because they were born outside of marriage. The gender of the twins had been kept a secret even from their father.
Co-run by Barts Health NHS Trust in London, the scheme could be introduced in other UK hospitals if successful. It will provide extra antenatal support with specially-trained midwives, psychologists and paediatricians. One in five women between the ages of 16-59 in England and Wales has experienced some form of sexual violence.
Foster's time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as she finished second in her first-round heat. Smyth exited from the men's 100m as he finished fifth in his heat in 10.66 -.44 secs outside his best. London-born Reid, 20, switched allegiance to Northern Ireland in February as his mother hails from the province.
Right-wing protesters clashed with police on the M20 in Kent. More than 20 people were arrested on suspicion of breaching the peace. Police also confiscated a knife, a hammer and a pair of scissors. Police said they had been called to the scene after reports of a disturbance.
Danny Alexander wants organisations that encourage or facilitate tax evasion to face the same penalties as evaders themselves. The proposed crackdown comes in the wake of HSBC tax-dodging allegations. Former director of public prosecutions Lord Ken Macdonald said the bank had left itself open to criminal charges in the UK.
Finance minister Pravin Gordhan cut the country's growth forecast for 2016 to 0.9%, down from 1.7%. He conceded the economy was struggling with shrinking growth, 25% unemployment, and widespread poverty. The South African currency, the rand, which has halved over the past five years, fell after the speech.
Douglas Carswell says Nigel Farage "needs to take a break now" UKIP has been beset by wrangling since Mr Farage agreed to stay on as leader. He had pledged before the general election that he would quit the post if he failed to get elected. Senior aide Matthew Richardson has left the party.
80,000 works of art, ceramics, letters and photographs will be given to the Victoria and Albert Museum. The collection was inherited by the firm when it went into administration in 2010. The money will be used to help pay off the firm's debts. The Art Fund was set up to raise money to pay for the debt.
Saudi Arabia is home to a quarter of the world's proven oil reserves. The country has one of the region's most tightly-controlled media environments. It stands out for its espousal of a puritan version of Sunni Islam, including harsh punishments such as public beheadings, and its restrictions on women.
Childline counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year compared to about 2,400 in 2011-12. The total number suffering online abuse is thought to be far higher. Some children as young as seven told Childline how they were tormented, abused and scared to go to school.
The girl was forced into a dark-coloured vehicle in Bishop's Stortford. She was then taken to an unknown location, believed to be outside Hertfordshire. Police said the attack had caused "concern within the community" An E-fit image of the attacker has now been released.
The cygnets and their mother had recently become a familiar sight. Pat Masterson, who lives in Lisnarick, photographed the swans shortly before they were killed. Enniskillen-based vet Kevin Leonard, who happened to be passing moments after the birds were killed, was shocked by what he saw.
In May, Punch Taverns halted its plans for The Corn Exchange, in Crickhowell. Villagers launched their own bid to buy the building, and have agreed a deal. About 180 people will become joint-owners after it is signed. The plan is to try to secure planning permission to turn the building into independent shops with flats above.
Prime Minister David Cameron says there needs to be a return to the "competitive ethos" in school sports. But what do those in grassroots sport believe are the key ingredients for success? Headteacher at Millfield School, in Somerset, says every pupil at the school does a minimum of three hours of scheduled sport per week.
Gonorrhoea infections rose by 53%, from 26,880 to 41,193. Cases of syphilis increased by 76%, from 3,001 to 5,288. Rates of genital warts decreased, thanks to a vaccination campaign. But experts say this could be because fewer people came forward for testing.
Belgium's Gianni Meersman sprinted to victory. Darwin Atapuma retained his overall lead despite being caught behind the collision. Team Sky's Chris Froome is aiming to become the first man in 38 years to win the Vuelta and Tour de France in the same season.
Vine said he too had been attacked as a 15-year-old. He encouraged the boy not to try to be tough like his attackers. Vine said there was "no shame" in reading poetry and listening to "our favourite bands" He said: "To cry is to live in that is no shame"
Co-operative housing accounts for less than 1% of UK homes. Wales Co-operative Centre commissioned research into the issue. Study found that 67% of Welsh people had never heard of co-op housing before. There are already 10 potential schemes in the pipeline in Wales, report says.
Nats Prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season. The company has announced a Â£600m investment in a new computer system. But it says government support is needed to improve the network of "ageing" flightpaths.
Losses will come in Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE), which is splitting from the printer and PC business. Company says the cuts will save $2.7bn (Â£1.76bn) in annual costs. It follows 55,000 job cuts announced earlier this year.
Kris Doolan scores both goals as Partick Thistle beat Motherwell 1-0. Motherwell keeper Tomas Cerny saves from Zak Jules and Steven Lawless. Thistle have a seven-point gap over Kilmarnock with one more round of fixtures to play.
Yorkshire Ambulance Service (YAS) figures show medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A&E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15. YAS said waiting time "was one of the most significant issues" it faced. Just five hospitals accounted for about 70% of the total waiting time.
Kerry Reeves died two days after being shot in Abingdon on 3 November. Billy Johnson, 20, from Ripon Court, Corby, Northamptonshire, and Charles Noble, 20,. from Kempton Avenue, Northolt, Ealing, have both been charged with her murder. Ms Reeves, 26, was found in Thornhill Walk.
Hogwood was considered one of the most influential exponents of the early-music movement. He founded the Academy of Ancient Music in 1973 and directed the academy across six continents for some 30 years. His funeral will be private, with a memorial service to be held at a later date.
Staff found the cub, who they named Hajar, in her cage on Saturday. They are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub. Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions, two bears and two tigers.
Chancellor will meet finance minister Wolfgang Schaeuble to set out more details of the UK's bid to renegotiate its EU membership. David Cameron's renegotiation plans will be formally debated for the first time by the EU's 28 leaders at a summit in Brussels in mid-December.
Mining firm OM Manganese found guilty of desecration of a sacred site. Company fined A$150,000 ($134,000; Â£88,000) for causing collapse of part of site. Site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is at Bootu Creek, north of Tennant Creek.
Visa predicts that Â£360,000 will be spent every minute on Black Friday. Retail consultants tell Newsbeat how shops will be trying to drive sales. Many deals will be for 24 hours only, to create a sense of urgency. Retailers will be targeting customers by email and on their phones too.
K Prithika Yashini, who was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery, applied to become a police sub-inspector in Tamil Nadu. But the state police board did not recognise a third gender, leading her to pursue a legal case against it. A court in Chennai (Madras) has now ruled in her favour.
Duffy also calls for the All-Ireland Senior Football and Hurling Finals to be moved forward two weeks as part of a calendar overhaul. The director general's discussion paper points out that eight previous official reports since 2004 have attempted to address the twin issues of player burnout and the lack of regular club games.
The incident happened near Dr Gray's Hospital shortly after 10:00. The man was taken to the hospital with what police said were serious but not life-threatening injuries. The A96 was closed in the area for several hours, but it has since reopened, police said.
Open Bionics says its device can be made faster and more cheaply than current alternatives. It intends to launch a service next year that will 3D-scan amputees and then build and fit them with a custom-fitted socket and hand for about Â£2,000.
Deila will leave Premiership champions Celtic after Sunday's match against Motherwell. The Norwegian led the club to two titles and a League Cup win, but they were unable to reach the Champions League group stage this term and last. Lustig feels it would be "a little bit harsh" to regard Deila's reign as a failure.
Manchester City face Real Madrid in their Champions League semi-final second leg on Wednesday. City lost 4-0 to Real in the quarter-finals at the Bernabeu in 2011. But City have the experience and the ability to handle the atmosphere. Manuel Pellegrini's side will also have a lot of optimism.
Saunders has left Wrexham after three years to succeed Sean O'Driscoll at Doncaster Rovers. Doncaster-born Morrell is in his second spell at the Racecourse after being re-signed by Saunders in June 2010. The 35-year-old had originally joined the north Wales club from non-league side Newcastle Blue Star in 1998.
The pound is still around 16% lower against the dollar. The weakness has lured over a flock of international tourists hungry for high-end brands. Payments firm WorldPay says non-UK consumers' card spending at department stores rose by a fifth. Luxury footwear brand Crockett & Jones says it has deliberately left prices unchanged.
Thousands of border agency workers are expected to strike on 30 November. The move is in protest at planned changes to the public sector pension system. The UK Border Agency says the workers will be properly trained to deal with the crisis. The government has refused to make any further concessions to the unions.
Almaz had won the 10,000m in world record time last week. Cheruiyot and Obiri set Olympic record time of 14 minutes 26.17 seconds. Britain's Eilish McColgan was 13th in 15:12.09.
Daniel Timbers, 29, and Barry Joy, 56, were working at Harford Attachments. The men are believed to have been working in a paint-spraying area. Their bodies were removed from the site on Tuesday afternoon. A forensic search has been carried out at the company.
The UN Security Council will meet on Friday to discuss the air drops. Only a small amount of aid was delivered on Wednesday and a convoy to the town of Darayya near Damascus did not carry food. British Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond described the limited access for aid allowed on the day of the deadline agreed by the International Syria Support group (ISSG)
The Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission says these firms draw from a small pool of graduates, who probably went to private or selective schools. The report was based on interviews with staff from 13 elite accountancy, law and financial services firms. It found that despite attempts to improve social inclusion over the past 10 to 15 years, such elite firms continue to be dominated by people from privileged social backgrounds.
Brighton and Hove Albion face Northampton Town in the FA Cup third round. The 21-year-old spent five games on loan at the club earlier this season. The England Under-21 international has made 82 appearances for Brighton. Karl Robinson says he was a'real success' during his time at the south coast club.
Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life in August 2012. He is accused of fraud by cheating while riding for the publicly funded US Postal Service team. The lawsuit was filed by Armstrong's former team-mate Floyd Landis before being joined by the government in 2013.
The Northern Ireland Rare Disease Partnership aims to give sufferers and their carers an independent voice. The group, created with the Patient Client Council, aims to improve treatment and care for those affected by rare diseases. Jane Stewart suffers from Spondylo Ephysial Dysplasia (SED) - a genetic condition which her son, Saul, has inherited.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier are charged with attempted first-degree intentional murder over the attack. Their lawyers failed to get the case heard by a juvenile court. If tried as juveniles, the pair only face a five-year term. The victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived.
The Standing Rock Sioux and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes have filed a lawsuit against the pipeline, saying it endangers their drinking water. The pipeline, when complete, is expected to transport about 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day from North Dakota to a terminal in Illinois, where it can be shipped to refineries.
Opposition leader Gordon Bajnai never once raises his voice, despite the roar of the crowd behind him. He is running in these elections as part of an uneasy coalition of leftist, liberal and green parties. His last hope is that the many people fed up with Mr Orban will find just enough in the opposition programme to vote for him.
A trailer was taken from Burton's Foods Ltd on Ty Coch Way, Cwmbran, Torfaen on 17 June. Two men, from Liverpool and Cheshire, had been charged with theft. Third man will appear in court in relation to the alleged theft on Friday.
The 10-year-old son of Danish Crown Prince Frederik was saved by a lifeguard. He was reportedly pulled from the surf at Mermaid Beach after being caught in a rip current. The lifeguard, Nick Malcolm, was personally thanked by the Crown Prince. Danish officials played down the incident on Monday, insisting the prince was at no point in danger.
Boris Johnson says EU will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three. Reality Check finds no such rule - we bought a bunch of five without difficulty. Vote Leave pointed us towards a directive from 2011. It goes into considerable detail about how unripe bananas should be presented.
GreyOrange is a multi-national robotics company based in India and operating across Asia. The company has two different robots to help warehouses become more productive. The e-commerce sector in India has seen unprecedented growth in the last few years. Amazon recently announced it would invest an additional $3bn in India.
The US said the strike was aimed at preventing a "large-scale attack" by the al-Qaeda-linked militants. The militants do not meet in such large numbers in "one spot" because of the threat of an attack, a spokesman said. The US has a huge military base in neighbouring Djibouti.
The 1920s window at St Paul's Church in Grangetown, Cardiff, depicts air, sea and land battles alongside religious images and trench scenes. The church says the masonry around the window must be replaced.Repairs could cost tens of thousands of pounds.
A car hit two brick walls and ended up across the gardens in Walsall. A man died at the scene and a woman was taken to hospital with injuries. The incident happened on Bell Lane near The Delves at 22:20 GMT on Monday. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12. They will be tested using an "on-screen check" which will be scored instantly. The checks will be piloted to about 3,000 pupils in 80 primary schools this summer, before being rolled out across the country in 2017.
The video appears to show Smith laughing while a retired gymnast mimics Islamic prayer practices. The 27-year-old said he was "deeply sorry" for his "thoughtless actions" Smith has already been censured twice this year by British Gymnastics. He was reprimanded in April for questioning the judging at the British Championships.
The £320m fund was set up in 1988 to help the disabled. It has now been closed after the government said it was no longer needed. Five people are among the 19,000 who will no longer receive money from the fund. The government says the move is necessary to save money for the NHS.
G4S's operations span 110 countries and it employs 611,000 staff.Emerging markets' revenue rose 5.7% to £1.18bn but UK revenue fell by 3.2%. G4S provides healthcare for the UK's Yarl's Wood immigration detention centre.
At least 33 people have now been killed during weeks of protests. Supporters and opponents of the president staged rival rallies in the capital. President Maduro has blamed the violence on "fascist groups" He says he has repeatedly invited them to the presidential palace for talks, but that they have refused to attend.
Deliveries of the double-decker will now fall from 15 this year to 12 in 2018 and eight in 2019. Chief Executive Tom Enders said that prospects of further sales of the A380 in the short-term were not "necessarily high" Airbus posted second-quarter operating profits which fell 27% to 859m euros.
The UK's businesses are considering what reforms, if any, will be best for them. Chief executive of Newton Asset Management says the EU is no longer fit for purpose. But co-founder of Innocent Drinks says the UK gets a lot more out of the EU than it thinks.
About 70 people were injured and many are feared trapped beneath the seven-storey bloc in Thane after the incident on Thursday evening. Police say the builder of the high rise used sub-standard construction material and did not possess an occupation certificate. There are hundreds of similar  illegal high-rises in the Mumbai region.
The layoffs will be announced in the coming weeks, according to sources. BlackRock has 13,000 employees globally and manages around $4.6tn in assets. The last time BlackRock cut a significant number of jobs was in 2013 but the firm ended the year with a higher headcount.
Almost 11,000 British students were at American colleges in the past academic year. There is a rise in companies, or middlemen, who arrange soccer scholarships. Sports Recruiting USA estimates that more than 600 British students will cross the Atlantic to start soccer scholarships this year.
Vitaly Mutko says Russia has done everything asked of it by the IAAF. The country was suspended by the sport's governing body in November. Five other nations - Ethiopia, Morocco, Ukraine, Kenya and Belarus - are also under scrutiny. Russia will find out in May if it can send athletes to the Olympic Games.
Family had asked that half the remains be returned to them with the other half scattered in the grounds. Half were returned but the remainder had been wrongly used in an un-witnessed scattering earlier that day at Weston Crematorium, Worle. Two workers lost their jobs and Dignity, which runs the crematorium, apologised for the family's distress.
Mark Thompson will give the keynote address at the MacTaggart Lecture. He will be expected to address criticism of the BBC from commercial rivals and politicians. But he will also have to defend the BBC's role as a public-funded news and cultural organisation in a world of rapidly changing technology.
The dispute is over a new contract due to be introduced in August 2016. Critics say it could mean 15% pay cuts with "normal hours" re-classed as being from 7am to 10pm, Monday to Saturday. The government has described the current contracts as "outdated" and "unfair"
Alex D'Acol headed the hosts ahead early on from Ali Crawford's corner. Grant Gillespie converted Rakish Bingham's pass to double Accies' lead. Bingham added a goal of his own in the second half. Inverness had the chance to level after Darian MacKinnon fouled Billy Mckay in the box.
Culture Secretary Karen Bradley said the money would be given "to develop inspirational projects that could have a transformative local effect" She said it would be a legacy from next year's Great Exhibition Of The North, to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead. It comes after the government scrapped projects in the north and then backed a £30bn Crossrail 2 scheme.
Serena Williams won her 23rd Grand Slam without dropping a set at the Australian Open. It is the first time a female tennis player has won a Grand Slam while pregnant. Experts say it is not easy for a woman to adapt to changes in her body. But experts say high levels of exercise at eight weeks gestation should not affect pregnancy.
FBI agents travelled to Italy to take part in the raids. The operation foiled a plan to smuggle drugs and weapons from South America to the port of Gioia Tauro in Calabria. The raids targeted two mafia crime families, the Gambino of New York and the Ndrangheta.
The "indigenisation law" has been blamed for choking off investment. It has never been fully implemented and Mr Mugabe has previously said many sectors of the economy are exempt. The government says the aim of the law is to empower the majority black population who were disadvantaged by colonial rule.
Non-statutory or "consensual" stop-and-searches are now banned entirely. Code says statutory searches must be "necessary, proportionate and in accordance with the law" There is also specific guidance on dealing with children and vulnerable adults. The new code was drawn up by an advisory group led by John Scott QC.
Jenny Stephen expected BT to connect her home to a telegraph pole visible from her window at a holiday village in Corton, Suffolk. But BT Openreach quoted her a price of £18,799 plus VAT, saying it was due to the "huge" civil engineering task of laying 400m of underground cables.
Former Scottish First Minister Alex Salmond is stepping down after 20 years in office. He is leaving behind a long and successful political career. But where did his passion for politics come from, and how did he get involved in politics in the first place? His father was a Labour Party member and his mother was a Tory.
Hilfiger said he wanted Hadid to be dressed in something which better showed off her figure. He said he was'very unhappy' when she was dressed in a poncho at a fashion show. But he has now clarified his comments and said the story was'misleading'
The lawsuit accuses Jean Kasem of elder abuse and inflicting emotional distress on Kasem's children. Kasem was known as host of the American Top 40 radio show and as the voice of Shaggy in the TV animation Scooby Doo. He died last June at the age of 82 after suffering from dementia.
He is reported to hold far-right views and his All-Russia Supporters' Union is backed by the Kremlin. Mr Shprygin had previously been expelled on Saturday, a week after fan violence marred Russia's Euro 2016 match with England. But he returned overland via Spain, and was arrested at the Russia-Wales match in Toulouse on Monday.
Mr Jammeh, thought to now be in Equatorial Guinea, is not the first leader accused of lining his own pockets with state funds. In fact, many have taken far more. Here are some of the worst offenders, including Mobutu Sese Seko and Slobodan Milosevic.
EU Council president Donald Tusk said there can be no "reciprocal" deal on expats until formal talks begin. He was responding to criticism from Tory politicians who accused EU figures of "standing in the way" of a deal. Theresa May said EU leaders' remarks showed it was "absolutely right" for UK not to have acted unilaterally.
Celtic move up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership, overtaking Kilmarnock in the process. John Guidetti drove home the free-kick that followed Pascali's professional foul on Stefan Scepovic. Both sides had shown flashes of skill - a Guidetti flick here, an Alexei Eremenko dummy there - but the goalkeepers had been under-employed.
St Johnstone beat Inverness 3-0 in the Scottish Championship. Steven Maclean, Liam Craig and Graham Cummins scored the goals. Larnell Cole was sent-off for the hosts after he confronted the referee. Saints remain five points clear of Hearts in fourth place.
Wales lost to Australia, Fiji and England to finish bottom of Pool B. Scotland beat Kenya and Portugal and drew with France to finish second in Pool C. South Africa will face Argentina in the last eight after winning all of their pool matches. United States will play New Zealand in the quarter-finals.
Google's new system tracks how a person interacts with a website to prove they are real. Captcha checks are often deployed by concert ticket websites to stop people setting up automated bots to buy all the best tickets. They also appear when somebody is trying to log in to a website with the wrong password, to spot automated attempts.
County Londonderry man Smyth, 25, is continuing his preparations for the Paralympics in London where he will defend his T13 100m and 200m titles. Smyth is already thinking ahead to the 2016 Olympics in Rio. The visually-impaired sprinter based himself largely in Florida for the past three years as he chased Olympic qualification.
"Large scale public order incident" occurred at Stapleford Abbotts Golf Club. Police were called to a "disagreement" at the party, attended by about 100 people. Officers posted photos of themselves removing cakes, which they said were "donated" and took them to homeless shelters.
The hour-long session featured questions on steel, devolution and the Severn crossings. Mr Cairns said he had been holding some "stakeholder engagements" to discuss the impact of Brexit. He said there are no changes planned to the Wales Bill other than those he has previously signalled at committee stage.
The business was owned by John and Karen Blisard and began operating in 2007. It now has five branches: two in Belfast, two in Dublin and one in Galway. It has been taken over by Belfast brothers David and Andrew Maxwell. They are backed by the Dublin-based investment firm Renatus Capital Partners.
Police have also arrested and bailed a 16-year-old from London, a 15- year-old boy in County Antrim, Northern Ireland, and a man, 20, from Staffordshire. At most 1.2 million email addresses, names and phone numbers and 21,000 unique bank account numbers and sort codes were accessed.
The crew ejected before the jet crashed in Latakia province, but Syrian rebels said at least one was dead. Russian President Vladimir Putin said the Su-24 was hit by air-to-air missiles fired by Turkish F-16s while it was flying over Syrian territory. Turkish military officials said the plane was engaged after being warned that it was violating Turkish airspace.
The IS commander in the city, Maher Al-Bilawi, was killed in bombardments. The UN says it has reports of people dying of starvation and being killed for refusing to fight for IS. Some 50,000 civilians remain trapped in Falluja and have been told via leaflet drops to avoid IS areas.
Arsenal's Santi Cazorla has not played since mid-October. The 31-year-old injured his Achilles in the Gunners' 6-0 win over Ludogorets. He will travel to Sweden next week for surgery on the plantaris tendon in his right foot.
The winner is owned by the Cooper Family Syndicate which comprises Sloane, Nigel and Billy Cooper, their sister Hazel and her husband. 13 of the 28 runners came from Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary's Gigginstown House stables. Gordon Elliott's Bless The Wings was runner-up for the second year in a row.
Yn ogystal â'i dîm lleol, Llangefni, fe chwaraeodd hefyd i Dinas Bangor a Bethesda ac roedd yn bêl-droediwr addawol iawn, gan fod yn gapten Tîm Ysgolion Cymru.
"Learning from mistakes league" uses feedback from staff on when things go wrong. Other measures include legal protection for staff who admit mistakes and new medical examiners to review deaths. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt says the changes are a step towards a "new era of openness" But Labour's Heidi Alexander says hospitals are overcrowded and facing financial crisis.
Two men wearing masks broke into the 44-year-old man's home. They knocked him to the ground and hit him repeatedly with a blunt object. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses to the incident in the early hours of Monday morning. The men are described as white, in their 20s and of skinny build.
The man, in his 20s, was the only person in the BMW convertible. He was travelling east when his car left the road near the junction with Holly Lane. Police closed the road between Frog Grove Lane and Holly Lane while investigators were at the scene. Officers have appealed for witnesses.
The scandal began in May when the payslips of top managers at the state insurance company were leaked to the media. Some were apparently getting around 50 times the minimum public sector wage. The saga has been a major blow to the reputation of the government of President Hassan Rouhani.
The visitors had what the park described as a "misplaced concern" for the calf. They saw it on its own and tried to bring it to a park facility. But their action led to the calf's mother rejecting it. The park said it was just one example of "inappropriate, dangerous and illegal behaviour"
The Office for National Statistics said the figure was up from 7.6% in the year to February. The Council of Mortgage Lenders said Â£13.8bn was lent during the month, 59% more than in February. Landlords and buyers of second homes have had to pay an extra 3% in stamp duty.
The Labour authority voted in favour of changing 2,700 contracts from 52 weeks to term time-only. The council said it would bring staff in line with the other 17,000 workers and "reduce the risk" of staff making claims for equal pay. Union Unison said it was "bitterly disappointed" with the decision.
The 23-year-old midfielder is his country's joint all-time goalscorer, with two goals from 11 caps. He ended last season on loan at Forest Green and is the second Gibraltar international to represent Torquay, after goalkeeper Jamie Robba. "He is a very talented player who has experienced a bit of a plateau in his career," said boss Kevin Nicholson.
The 23-year-old from Guernsey appointed Veronelli in December 2013. He is no longer able to commit to spending up to 40 weeks a year on the road. Watson, the world number 55, won her second WTA tour title at the Hobart International in January.
Few details of the deal agreed by the Russians and Americans have been released. There was indeed something of a decline in hostilities, though no comprehensive calm. The ceasefire was supposed to open the way to aid deliveries in Syria. But the latest attacks on the aid convoy and hospital seem to have taken things back to square one.
Pupils deny stealing artefacts of special cultural importance. Court in Krakow heard the items were found on the students by police. Pair were in an area of the Nazi death camp where belongings of Jews were kept. If found guilty, they face prison sentences of up to 10 years.
The US vice-president is in Canada for a state visit. He is meeting with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau. The visit is part of an effort to strengthen ties between the two countries. It is the second time this year that the US and Canada have held state visits.
Wagner, 46, was appointed on a 12-month rolling contract in November 2015. The ex-Borussia Dortmund II coach led the Terriers to fifth last term. Huddersfield's first Premier League game is away to Crystal Palace on Saturday, 12 August.
Terry is the founder and chief executive of Ashleys Kenya, a beauty company with more than 240 employees. She runs three training centres under the Ashleys brand that offer her students internationally respected beauty qualifications. She is also the current holder of the local franchise of the Miss World beauty pageant - known as Miss World Kenya.
Ryan Morse, from Brynithel, Blaenau Gwent, died on 8 December 2012 from undiagnosed Addison's disease. Dr Leonard Peter told Cardiff Crown Court Dr Joanne Rudling did not ask enough questions about Ryan's condition hours before he died. Both doctors deny manslaughter through gross negligence.
The Friends of Sherwood Forest say the centre will devastate the area. Nottinghamshire County Council said the new site would "balance the interests" of the community and visitors. Construction is scheduled to start in December 2016 with the opening expected by winter 2017. The current centre is in Sherwood forest Country Park, on land designated as a site of special scientific interest.
Walter Oakley received a letter from the Russian and US leaders thanking him for his help in televising the meeting. Mr Oakley came across the letter again while researching a book about his family. The letter will be auctioned during the Anderson and Garland's Fine Art sale from 22 to 24 March.
Asian Civilisation Museum bought sculpture for $650,000 (£420,000) in 2007. Art dealer later admitted selling stolen Indian antiquities. Sculpture of Hindu goddess Uma Parameshvari thought to have been stolen from a Shiva temple in Tamil Nadu in southern India.
The Belmond British Pullman arrived at Ashford International at 07:00 GMT. The train is the sister of the Venice Simplon-Orient Express. Commuters were treated to a three-course breakfast and musical entertainment. Some passengers had registered for the journey after seeing a social media campaign.
The 38-year-old Englishman topped the rankings in 2012 but has since dropped out of the coveted world top 50 for the first time in more than a decade. Donald is yet to win a major title but has played in four victorious Ryder Cup teams, although he missed out on selection for Europe's win at Gleneagles.
On board were 200 men and women from the United States intent on building a colony on the Caribbean island. They hoped that if enough of their fellow nationals followed their lead, eventually Cuba would be annexed by the US. Many cut their losses and went home. Others stayed on and became citrus farmers, sugarcane growers and cattle farmers.
This page shows which councils are holding elections and the party representation on each one. Several councils are undergoing significant boundary changes in 2013. Click on the council names to go to candidate listings on council websites.Information may be subject to revision and change until election day. There may be other council by-elections taking place on 2 May.
Researchers looked at three areas of England, 20 years apart, and found new rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest. They say improvements in men's health is the most likely explanation. But charities warn against complacency, with more than 200,000 dementia cases diagnosed each year in the UK.
Jon Platt refused to pay a Â£120 fine for taking his daughter to Florida. He argued the law only required children to attend school regularly. Isle of Wight Council has started the process of appeal to the High Court. The council said it wanted to know why the court decided there was no case to answer.
Tom Bravin dressed up as Father Christmas for almost 60 years. He distributed presents to over 4,500 underprivileged children. The former RAF communications worker shunned praise and kept his identity a secret. Friends and family vowed to carry on Mr Bravin's work in his memory.
Ivana Hoffmann, 19, was killed earlier this month in the battle for Tal Tamr. She had been fighting alongside the Kurdish Popular Protection Units (YPG) Ms Hoffman was the first Western female fighter known to have been killed fighting IS. She was a member of Turkey's Marxist-Leninist Communist Party.
Home secretary vows to put the Conservative Party "at the service" of working people. Mrs May, who campaigned to stay in the EU, also said: "Brexit means Brexit and we're going to make a success of it" Party members will choose between Mrs May and energy minister Andrea Leadsom in a nationwide leadership vote.
John Bieniewicz, 44, was struck on Sunday during the game in a park. He was unconscious on the ground when authorities arrived and died in hospital. Baseel Abdul-Amir Saad, 36, has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm. Authorities say the charges could be amended following further investigation.
Bianca Nikol Roberson, a recent school graduate, was driving near West Goshen when her car veered off the road. Police responded to what they initially thought was a fatal collision, but then discovered that Ms Roberson had been shot in the head. The case is now being treated as a homicide.
Kazi Islam, 18, of Newham, east London, was found guilty at the Old Bailey. He was remanded in custody and told by Judge Richard Marks that a custodial sentence was inevitable. Mr Thomas described Islam as a "very, very manipulative person" but said he had no intention of carrying out his requests.
Pushp Sharma's report appeared in the Milli Gazette, a newspaper aimed at India's Muslim community. It quoted what was said to be a government document that banned Muslims from travelling abroad to teach yoga for last year's World Yoga Day. Mr Sharma faces charges of fabricating the document, which he denies.
Tide like this has never been observed in a western European lake before. Measurement was made to an accuracy of just 0.1 mm over the loch's 35 km length. Scientists say their precision measurement technique could be used in other lakes around the world to understand better how the Earth's crust deforms.
A vintage hawker hunter jet crashed on to the A27 during an aerobatic stunt at the Shoreham show in August 2015, killing 11 men. The pilot, Andrew Hill, 51, survived the crash and is being investigated for manslaughter. West Sussex County Council said the full inquest was now likely to be held late 2017, but was "very dependent" on the police investigation.
Joseph McHale, 38, Kevin Schruyers, 42, and Robin Vaughan, 43, all from Liverpool, were part of a gang who targeted ATMs. The gang struck in the early hours of the morning at machines in Stonehaven, Inverurie, Aberdeen, New Deer and Ellon. They used oxygen and acetylene to get to the safes.
Bishop Robinson says Pope John Paul II did not immediately condemn the abuse claims. He says the Vatican's response to the issue was not strong enough. More than 4,000 victims have come forward to the Royal Commission into Child Sex Abuse in Australia. The commission is looking at how religious groups, charities and state care providers responded to the allegations.
Celtic assistant Chris Davies confirms club maintain "a constant dialogue" with Roberts. The 20-year-old spent 18 months with the Scottish champions but is also wanted by Nice and at least two English Premier League clubs. Davies also confirmed that Celtic are talking to former winger Shaun Maloney over a coaching role.
Matt Denton, from Hampshire, estimates his "very expensive toy" has cost him hundreds of thousands of pounds. The robot, driver-operated by joysticks within a cockpit, can only travel at 1.5km/h (1mph) and manage a distance of 5km on a 20-litre (4.5gallon) tank of diesel.
British Chambers of Commerce surveyed 1,200 companies. 42% of larger firms had been the victim of a cyber attack, compared with 18% of smaller ones. Just a quarter of the firms surveyed said they had put in place security measures to protect themselves against hacking. Tesco Bank reported losing Â£2.5m in an unprecedented breach at a British bank.
Pope Francis will visit Kenya, Uganda and the Central African Republic. He is expected to focus on religious tolerance and peaceful coexistence. His visit to the CAR is seen as his most dangerous yet - but potentially one of his most fruitful as a peace-maker. His emphasis on the developing world, and the example of simplicity he sets in his own life, will be welcomed.
Jean-Claude Juncker has come under pressure over claims that 340 global companies were granted deals to help them avoid tax during his 18 years in office. He took over as head of the Commission at the start of November. He was confronted with a report by investigative journalists that alleged that companies such as Pepsi and Ikea had made "sweetheart" deals with his country's government.
Laura Muir holds the Scottish 1500m and mile records. The 23-year-old from Kinross finished second behind Kenyan Faith Kipyegon. Muir hopes to secure an Olympics place for Great Britain in Rio at the British trials in Birmingham from 24 to 26 June.
Daryl Murphy put the visitors ahead early on with his first goal for the club. Aleksandar Mitrovic suffered a badly cut leg in the build-up to the goal. Lukas Jutkiewicz equalised for the hosts but twice missed late chances.
Cavendish finished 29th after his Great Britain team-mates failed to reel in a late breakaway in the 250km race that finished on The Mall. Team GB's race strategy was simple: get Cavendish to Buckingham Palace within striking distance and let the Manx Missile demonstrate his finishing prowess. But there were two flaws with the plan: one, everybody else knew it; and two, this time the 27-year-old Brit only had four support riders to pace him.
All Saints were part of the '90s British pop music scene. They were dismissed as "difficult" or "sulky" for dressing provocatively. The sexism spilled over into their TV appearances, and the band shudder as they recall a traumatic Top of the Pops taping. After two multi-platinum albums, the band imploded in 2001 over the disputed ownership of a combat jacket.
The British-Brazilian duo were beaten by South Africa's Raven Klaasen and American Rajeev Ram. Murray and Soares have already overtaken Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut in the year-end rankings. The latter pair will play Finland's Henri Kontinen and Murray's former partner, Australian John Peers, in Sunday's final.
Mark Anthony Barlow, 48, of Grendon, Warwickshire, was struck by a grey Audi. He was pronounced dead at the scene on Bolebridge Street, Tamworth. Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident which happened at about 07:00 GMT.
More than 1,600 people took part in 220 beach clean-ups across the island last year. The number is up 75% on the first year of the organisation's existence. The charity has applied for charity status and is aiming to make the island the cleanest in Europe.
Ministers to publish draft laws they say are a "landmark" in prohibiting the substances' production, distribution, sale and supply. Alcohol, tobacco and caffeine will be excluded, and there are exemptions for food and medical products. New restrictions will also extend to the sale of nitrous oxide - also known as laughing gas or "hippy crack"
Fifty NFL players were arrested in 2014 for a wide degree of offences. There were five cases of domestic violence, including that of Ray Rice. Goodell himself became personally embroiled in the Rice case in an argument over what the NFL did or did not know. Yet despite all this mayhem and chaos the NFL, as a product, is flourishing.
Andrew Hutchinson, from Abingdon, Oxfordshire, pleaded guilty to rape, sexual assault and voyeurism committed from 2011 to 2013. The 29-year-old filmed himself raping two patients at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. He also attacked women who had passed out while he was on duty at a music festival, Oxford Crown Court heard.
The Irish Open will be held at Ballyliffin from 5-8 July next year. Rory McIlroy has strongly endorsed the Inishowen peninsula venue. Next year's tournament will be staged on the 22-year-old Pat Ruddy-designed Glashedy links which will be lengthened to 7,400 yards.
Jack Brooks' 94 not out helped Yorkshire to 421-7 at the close of day two. Andy Hodd (44) had fallen early on day two, before much of the morning and afternoon were lost to rain. Brooks' next 44 runs came off just 35 - including a seven-ball blitz for 26 runs.
Asda will pay 28p per litre for 100% of its liquid milk throughout its entire range. It is less than the 30-32p farmers estimate it costs to produce each litre. Announcement comes after protests by dairy farmers at branches of Asda, Morrisons, Lidl and Aldi.
HP admits it should have done a "better job of communicating" the change. Firm defends move, saying it was to protect users from counterfeit products. An optional update that removes the restriction on unofficial cartridges will be available ‘within two weeks’ Campaigners argue HP’s motivation was less about security, and more about protecting the large profit margins it adds.
Judge Michael Levanas said the $2bn sale could go ahead. Mr Sterling, 80, had been contesting his estranged wife Shelly's decision to sell the basketball team franchise to ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. He was banned from basketball for life after he was recorded making racist remarks in April.
Dene Magna School in Mitcheldean, Gloucestershire, has about 750 pupils. The school normally has an attendance of 97%, with fewer than 20 students off in a day. But on Thursday this had fallen to 80%. A private cleaning firm will begin a deep clean on Friday.
Less than half of those eligible to vote in Wales did so in 2011. Campaigns to encourage more people to go out and vote. More information on how to vote can be found at www.wales.gov.uk/votewerendum. More than 1.5 million people in Wales are registered to vote, according to the 2011 Census.
Greenpeace says Shell is taking a "massive risk" in a "pristine" region. Shell put its Arctic plans on hold two years ago after a drilling vessel ran aground and legal wrangles in the US. The company has already spent $1bn on preparing its drilling work in Alaska's Chukchi Sea.
The 41-year-old was shot and stabbed to death by Thomas Mair outside her surgery in Birstall, West Yorkshire, on 16 June. Mrs Cox had only represented the ethnically diverse constituency of Batley and Spen for a year before she was killed. Those who worked closely with her say she will be remembered.
Netanyahu: "Throwing stones will be met with a very punitive and deterring response" The prime minister's statement came after a car was hit by rocks in Jerusalem. Two people were killed and 26 injured in clashes between police and protesters. The Temple Mount is the holiest site in Judaism and the third holiest in Islam.
Michael D Higgins will ask the Council of State if the Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill's legality should be tested by the Supreme Court. The bill would allow a termination when doctors deem that a woman is at risk of taking her life. President Higgins must decide by Wednesday whether to sign the bill into law or refer it to the court.
The RNLI announced last week that the St Abbs lifeboat was no longer needed. The crew agreed to take back their pagers at a meeting on Friday night. They said they felt they had to do so ahead of the busy summer diving season. But they pledged to continue campaigning to save the station.
Sangakara hits 24 fours and four sixes in his 56th first-class innings. The Sri Lankan batsman was out for 85 in the final over of the first innings. He was caught at first slip by Tim Groenewald, who was unbeaten on 28.
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun. The deal is thought to be worth around £45m. Chief executive Jez Moxey will step down after 16 years at Molineux. Fosin also have links with super-agent Jorge Mendes.
Competition among animals for a suitable place to nest could explain why some species are struggling to survive. University of Exeter study analysed population changes in more than 200 bird species and 40 bumblebee species around the world. Smaller bees and birds that nest later in the year lose out in the struggle for habitat.
The Prince of Wales was speaking at a ceremony to mark the end of his tour of duty in Afghanistan. He said he was proud of the British people and their ability to rise to the challenge of the Islamic State. He was speaking to a group of young men and women who were taking part in the event.
The 22-year-old France-born winger has declared himself available for Algeria. He spent five years with Le Havre, scoring six times in 60 games. Nigel Pearson: "I'm delighted we've been able to sign him. Any signing has to improve what we already have"
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is al-Qaeda's branch in Yemen. Washington considers AQAP to be by far the most dangerous to the West. AQAP has both technical skills and global reach. It is loyal to the nominal al- Qaeda leader, Ayman al-Zawahiri.
Scotland lost 35-25 to Ireland in their Six Nations opener on Saturday. Stuart Hogg and Duncan Taylor have been nominated for the Six Nations player of the tournament award. Scotland scored 11 tries in the tournament, surpassing their previous best tally of nine in 2000. Scotland's overall haul of 122 points was the first time they had passed three figures in a Six Nations tournament.
Overnight visitors from the Republic of Ireland declined by 7% in 2013. Report said "social unrest over parades and flags" had potentially had an impact. Calls for a need "to deepen the relationship" between the Northern Ireland Tourist Board (NITB) and Invest NI. It rules out a merger, but suggests a shared office.
Rodrigo was one of thousands of children living on the streets of Fortaleza, Brazil. The 14-year-old was due to take part in the Street Child World Cup in Rio de Janeiro. He was shot dead by a gang in retaliation for an alleged robbery. Team Brazil is determined to keep his memory alive.
Ch Supt Neil Evans, described the development as "extremely worrying" Ten people were admitted to hospital after taking the drug over the weekend. A 26-year-old man from Rochdale was held on suspicion of supplying Class A drugs. He has been released while inquiries continue.
The Rolling Stones have cancelled the first date of their Australian tour following the news of L'Wren Scott's death. Sir Mick said he still failed "to understand how my lover and best friend could end her life in this tragic way" Nicole Kidman, said to be a friend of many years, was "heartbroken and in shock right now and unable to say anything"
The new homes are needed to cope with a predicted increase in the city's population of 40,000 people by 2030. The document identifies 62 sites across the city that could be used for housing, including Holme Hill and Clifton Gate. Some of the proposed new homes would be built on greenbelt land.
"Donor fatigue" had led to funding for SW Radio Africa drying up, its manager says. The station was launched when President Robert Mugabe faced strong opposition. The long crisis in Zimbabwe, and the "massive disarray" in the ranks of the MDC had contributed to "donor fatigue", Gerry Jackson says.
Mental Health Network suspects the funding has been used to support other NHS services. Department of Health said in August that only £143m would be spent. NHS England says it has provided £75m to clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) But NHS providers fear some of the money has been siphoned off to pay for other services.
Joe Woolford, 21, and Jake Shakeshaft, 20, from Stoke-on-Trent, will perform in Stockholm on Saturday night. Joe's family are flying to Sweden to join the 16,000-strong audience. A party has been organised by his uncle where locals can watch the contest on a giant screen.
Hood will join his former Leeds team-mate Ben Jones-Bishop at the Red Devils next season. The 22-year-old Scotland international made five appearances for Leeds in 2012 and was released by the Rhinos at the end of the 2013 Super League season. Hood: "I've had a couple of years out of top-flight rugby and it's a big change"
Ben Hooper started his 2,000-mile (3,200 km) swim from Dakar harbour in Senegal, west Africa. The 38-year-old long-distance swimmer from Cheltenham is hoping his sponsored Swim The Big Blue challenge will raise Â£1m for charity. He is swimming freestyle front crawl for up to 12 hours a day.
Make Your Move is a new campaign promoting accessible, physical challenges. Find out more about the campaign and how you can get involved here. Get in touch with us on Twitter, Facebook or email us with your stories and photos. Back to Mail Online home. Back To the page you came from.
The third series, Power Women, introduces six women who are chief executive officers or company heads, who are finding success in their country and beyond. Women of Africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across the continent. For more information, visit www.bbc.com/women.
Spokesman John Kirby said the two officials - who have not been named - were told to leave on 17 June. Mr Kirby said that earlier that month, a Russian policeman attacked the US diplomat near the US embassy in Moscow. Russia said the diplomat worked for the CIA and had refused to show ID papers.
England beat India by eight wickets in the second ODI in Kanpur. Ben Stokes takes two wickets to help England to 321-8. India take the series 2-1, with the first of three Twenty20 internationals on Thursday. England had lost the first two matches of the series 4-0 in the Tests.
Body of India Chipchase, 20, was found in Northampton on Sunday. Book-keeper Edward Tenniswood, 51, faces a charge of murder. Northamptonshire Police referred itself to the Independent Police Complaints Commission over its "responses before and during" the search.
Nils Muiznieks said the government is breaching the European Convention of Human Rights. He said they were doing so by not conducting effective, independent and reasonably prompt investigations into the killings. More than 300 people were killed by the security forces in Northern Ireland. The European Court has previously ruled that the British government had failed to comply with its legal obligations.
We look at a new gadget which helps blind and visually impaired people read text and recognise faces. We also talk to a tech giant about its progress in making software more accessible. And we ask what role AI could play in opening up technology for everyone to use. We are joined on the show this week by Johny Cassidy, a producer in the BBC's Economics Unit.
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, are feared to have travelled to Syria to join Islamic State in March. West Yorkshire Police and counter-terrorism officers are investigating. The boys' families said they were praying for the safe return of the "ordinary Yorkshire lads"
Tom Squires won RS:X windsurfing gold after coming second in the final race. Luke Patience finished fourth in the men's 470 with new crew Chris Gruber. New Zealand's Josh Junior claimed Finn gold after defending champion Scott, 28, who won the opening race in Palma.
Platoons from HMS Heron, led by the Queen's Colours and the Band of the Royal Marines, marched before Yeovil mayor Mike Lock. The parade also commemorates Yeovilton's 75th birthday and the 70th anniversary of the end of World War Two. There was also a flypast representing all the squadrons based at the base.
Kevin Standing's vehicle was taken from his home in Patcham, East Sussex. Sussex Police said they focused on crimes that "cause most harm" The force said a marker had been placed on the vehicle to bring it to attention of Automatic Number Plate Recognition (ANPR) cameras.
Kechara soup kitchen in Kuala Lumpur feeds 10,000 hungry people a month. It was founded by a former socialite who was inspired by a Buddhist monk. The mother-of-three was named one of Forbes magazine's heroes of philanthropy in 2010. The soup kitchen has branches across the country in Penang, Johor Bahru and Kuantan.
Across northern Nigeria, it is estimated that about 11 million children get no access to mainstream education. There is a growing belief that reforms are long overdue and a broader education is essential. British taxpayers are helping fund improvements to Nigeria's long-neglected education system, including these reforms to the religious schools.
Both the Islamic State group (IS) and Kurdish militants have claimed a number of attacks in Turkey in recent months. Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against IS, and coalition planes use its air base at Incirlik for raids in Iraq and Syria. A ceasefire between the government and the Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) broke down last year.
The Tories won 37 of 64 seats to claim a majority and wipe out Labour's 22-seat majority from 2013. Towns where seats turned from red to blue included Swadlincote, Matlock, Glossop, Buxton, Ripley, Belper and Ilkeston.
A man died after he was struck by a car on the N2 at Balrath in County Meath. A man in his 30s died after the car he was driving hit a fence at Knockanour, Castlebar, County Mayo. The incident happened shortly before 19:30 local time on Saturday.
Although such an event should have been predicted and planned for, the panel said, it found gaping holes in safety standards and emergency procedures. The report catalogues a multitude of errors and wilful negligence that left the Fukushima plant unprepared for the events of March 11. And it examines serious deficiencies in the response to the accident by Tepco, regulators and the government.
Dyke, appointed in 2013, had intended to stand for a further year. He said opposition to proposed reforms from some FA councillors had made him reconsider. Dyke, 68, said England should aim to reach the semi-finals of Euro 2020 and win the World Cup in 2022.
The move would make them the first UK banks to introduce negative interest rates. The Federation of Small Businesses has called on other banks to follow suit. The Bank of England has said it does not want to see interest rates fall below 0.5%. But some economists believe they could be cut to zero or lower later this year.
The Commons opposed proposals to allow councils to extend opening hours by 317 votes to 286, as 27 Tories rebelled. Critics of the plans said they would "chip away" at Sunday's special status. It is the Conservative government's second defeat in the House of Commons since it was elected last May.
The Warriors were down by 13 points during the first half but fought back. They became only the 10th team to rally from a 3-1 deficit to win a play-off series. The defending champions will now face a title rematch with the Cleveland Cavaliers and star player LeBron James.
Liverpool host Wolves in the FA Cup fourth round at Anfield on Saturday. Wolves have only played twice since beating Stoke 2-0 in the third round. Paul Lambert's side have won only once in their last six games at Anfield. Coady never got to play a home game for Liverpool during his three years at the club.
Paramedics were called to a bar in Dungiven at 06:00 BST on 6 October. Police arriving a short time later found several people still at the bar. receipts showed alcohol was being served as late as 04:49 BST. Colleen O'Neill, 43, and James Thomas, 44, of the same address, were charged.
Callum Clatworthy-Robins, 22, from Port Talbot, consumed a fish at a fair. He admitted causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal. He was barred from owning animals for three years and ordered to pay Â£200 in fines and costs.
Albania forfeited the match after a drone flew over the stadium with a political message. Crowd disturbance and a brawl between players followed at Partizan Stadium. Uefa ruled Serbia must also play two home qualifying games behind closed doors. Both countries have confirmed they will appeal against the rulings.
The new deal will begin with the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations in Gabon. The amount of the deal has not yet been announced. The deal will see Total take over from Orange as headline sponsor of the tournament. The new deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Wrexham beat Altrincham 2-0 in their first pre-season game. Marcus Kelly and Chris Holroyd scored the goals for Wrexham. It was the Exiles' first defeat this summer and a huge boost for new Welsh Premier side Barry.
Pakistan and India have not played a Test series since 2007 due to fallout from the terrorist attacks on Mumbai in 2008. The World T20 runs from 8 March to 3 April. Pakistan are scheduled to play a qualifier team on 16 March in Kolkata, then hosts India on 19 March in Dharamsala.
Rowett was furious after his side lost a two-goal lead to be held 2-2 at St Andrew's. Clayton Donaldson's brace cancelled out by two goals in the last 17 minutes. Greg Cunningham's equaliser came a minute from time. Blues went into the game with only a mathematical chance of finishing in the top six.
Michel Temer, 75, has taken over as president for up to 180 days. He has named a business-friendly cabinet that includes former central bank chief Henrique Meirelles as finance minster. Ms Rousseff denounced her removal as a "farce" and "sabotage"
A Chinese-led team has placed just such an event at about 1,900BC. The researchers describe a cataclysmic event in which a huge dam, dumped across the Jishi Gorge by a landslide, blocked the Yellow River for six to nine months. The legend of Emperor Yu states that he tamed the flooded Yellow River by dredging and redirecting its channels.
Malachi Love-Robinson, 18, was arrested after examining and providing medical advice to an undercover police officer. He has been charged with practising without a medical licence, and theft, after allegedly stealing and forging three cheques from an elderly woman who sought treatment for stomach pain. He was released on bail on Wednesday.
Leah has taken a look at Nadal's amazing records in numbers. Nadal first arrived on the men's tennis Tour when he was 15-years-old. Check out Newsround's guide to Wimbledon, which starts in just a few weeks. Click here for more Wimbledon news.
Ski-Scotland said the 2014-15 season involved 207,770 skier days. The industry generated almost Â£21m for the economy during the season. It was also the first in years that all five of Scotland's outdoor ski centres opened for snowsports before Christmas.
Wahid Husman, 48, and Tahsib Majid, 36, pleaded guilty to drug offences. The pair were part of a gang who conspired to steal drugs from police. The gang planned to split the drugs between them for their own gain. All five men will be sentenced in October.
Lancashire sit fourth in the table after 12 County Championship matches. They are 17 points above second-from-bottom Hampshire in the relegation places. The Red Rose have lost two and drawn five of their previous seven games. Giles: "We're far from safe so we've got to play better cricket"
The 33-year-old was sentenced to seven and a half years in prison. He was found guilty of two counts of robbery and one count of making a false statement. The court heard that the victim had been assaulted by a man she did not know. The victim was also found to have taken money from the victim.
Cornwall beat Cheshire to retain the title they won last year. The final of the competition has been played at Twickenham since 1984. There is speculation that the Rugby Football Union could take the game to a smaller ground in future. Cornwall have now reached the showpiece game in each of the last four years.
The Sure Walk project has been set up to ensure students get back safely from campus when it is dark. McConaughey, 47, graduated from the university in 1993. He is an avid fan of its American football team. A photograph of him dressed in an orange shirt driving smiling and startled students home was posted by the university on social media.
Ministers and other government officials are being given a three-month deadline to hand over state-owned homes and vehicles. The law targets presidential appointees who try to cling on to the perks of office after a new leader is elected. The bill, which was passed by MPs on Wednesday evening, will now go to the president to sign.
The Republican nominee's latest outreach to black voters, at a North Carolina rally, drew a swift backlash. It follows a report that his charity used funds to settle lawsuits for which he was personally liable. Mr Trump is continuing his outreach to African-American voters by meeting a group of pastors Wednesday in Cleveland, Ohio.
Turner played for Peterborough, Cambridge United, Luton, Swindon and Southend. He won back-to-back promotions as manager of Peterborough in the early 1990s. Turner was diagnosed with frontal lobe dementia in 2006. His wife Lynne said doctors told her the illness was "caused by heading too many balls"
The Invergordon lifeboat was launched and local coastguards teams deployed. As they headed to the scene it was reported that the dinghy had come to rest on a sandbank. Local coastguards on the ground were able to reach the inflatable and help the occupants to safety.
Bakery refused to make a cake iced with the slogan "Support Gay Marriage" in May 2014. A long-running legal battle ensued when customer Gareth Lee sued after his order was declined at the company's Belfast city centre shop. Attorney General John Larkin QC sought to refer the verdict against Ashers bakery to the UK's highest court under devolution issues.
Andy Burnham's campaign claims there could be "several thousand Tory infiltrators" Comedian Jeremy Hardy suggested Labour was "rigging the election" to stop Jeremy Corbyn. Former Labour MP Andrew MacKinlay accused the party of misusing canvass returns to find people who have previously voted for other parties.
Dr David Dao lost two front teeth and suffered a broken nose in the incident. His daughter, Crystal Dao Pepper, said they are "sickened" by his treatment. The 69-year-old Vietnamese-American physician had refused to leave, saying he needed to go home to see his patients.
Cameron says the strike was "necessary and proportionate" to protect the country. He says the attack was not in a war zone, but in an area where it was needed. The attack was in response to a terror attack on a school in the town of Rotherham.
Welsh Amateur Boxing Association (WABA) says audit found no evidence of fraudulent activity. But its chairman says it will take all the steps recommended to put things right. Sports Wales said it would continue funding the association, but it had put special measures in place. The audit was carried out by accountancy firm, KTS Owens Thomas.
St Peter's RC Primary, Firrhill High and Braidburn Special Schools were built by the same contractor as Oxgangs Primary, which was closed on Wednesday. Edinburgh City Council said it was looking into alternative schooling arrangements for next week. Councillor Melanie Main said safety must be a priority but questioned how parents could be expected to cope with the short notice.
Felicitas Rohrer, 31, is seeking â‚¬200,000 (Â£145,000; $220,000) in damages. The case is the first of its kind in Germany, Bayer's home country. The firm has already faced a series of law suits in the US and elsewhere.
Three-week trial on the 23.4m long 'up' escalator at Holborn station. Move will "increase the capacity" and prevent "queuing at the bottom" More than 56 million passengers use the station every year. The station is set to get a new entrance and an enlarged ticket hall.
Mesothelioma is a fatal disease with average survival rates of about nine months after diagnosis. About 2,400 people die every year of the disease and numbers are set to increase over the next 30 years. Those diagnosed after 25 July 2012 and who cannot sue former employers as they have gone bust will be eligible.
Julia Knight, 56, admitted trying to kill Irene Robson, 81, in October 2014. She said she did it so her mother would not be discharged from hospital. Knight forged a prescription for insulin, which she collected at a Sainsbury's store. She is due to be sentenced on Friday.
The 45-55 vote marks the second defeat for Republicans aiming to pass a bill this week to undo the health policy. The vote came a day after the Senate rejected a plan to repeal and replace the health law with a Republican plan. Seven Republicans opposed the repeal-only plan on Wednesday, which included a two-year delay on a replacement.
The artist is known for her paintings of women and children. She is also known as the "Queen of Art" for her work in the 1930s and 1940s. She died last year after a long battle with cancer. She was the first woman to be admitted to the Royal College of Nursing.
Moody's is the first of the big three ratings agencies to make an official change to its position on the UK post-referendum. Standard & Poor's considers its current top rating for the UK as "no longer tenable" Ratings can be a warning system for potential investors, and make it more expensive for poorly-rated nations to borrow money.
Two former leaders of the Khmer Rouge are on trial for crimes against humanity. The charges relate to the deaths of up to two million people under the regime. A verdict in the first case is expected on 7 August. The second case will be heard later this year and could last until 2016.
The Australian author died in the coastal town of Byron Bay in New South Wales state surrounded by family. Oz often covered taboo topics including homosexuality, abortion, police brutality and censorship. The magazine was caught up in a high-profile obscenity trial in the UK in 1971.
The duo are the first Robins players to agree to join Guernsey FC since the clubs agreed a partnership deal earlier this week. If the pair play they will become the first non-Guernsey players to feature for the Green Lions. Bristol City director of youth recruitment Brian Tinnion says the club are looking to extend this over time.
Labour's Eluned Morgan said EU migrants contribute "far far more" than they take out across the UK. David Davies said there were too many "scare stories" suggesting people would be removed. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said the issue was "settled" after last year's referendum.
Norwegian Forest cat Clive vanished from his home in Toton, Nottinghamshire, in October 2014. He was found at the Kennelgate Pet Superstores warehouse, about two miles away, where he had repeatedly set off the alarms during the night. His owner Tanya Irons said she could not believe he was "so porky"
Super-fan Ross Morgan was watching the Ipswich v Norwich match at home. In his excitement he leaped into the air and accidently punched the hole. Ross later posted a picture of the hole online, and goal-scorer Anderson, offered to pay for the repairs.
The employees, who worked in four takeaways, are alleged to have been living and working in the country illegally. The firms have been asked to produce documents proving their staff had the right to work and live in the UK. If they are unable to do so the Home Office said they would impose a fine of up to Â£20,000 per illegal employee.
Ferrari's Fernando Alonso crashed on the second lap after breaking his front wing. Felipe Massa took fifth, fighting past the Lotus cars of Romain Grosjean and Kimi Raikkonen in the closing laps. Lewis Hamilton took third ahead of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Hampshire and Isle of Wight Police have a new chief constable. She is the first woman to hold the post in the force's history. She has been in the job for more than 20 years and has served in the Royal Navy. The new chief has been appointed by the Chief Constable.
The 23-year-old beat Gadzhimagomedov on a unanimous 5-0 points decision in the Ukraine decider. Walker was beaten by Mykola Butsenko while Belfast flyweight Irvine lost to Niall Farrell. All four Irish boxers have ensured a place at August's World Championships in Hamburg.
Team Brewster beat the Olympic silver medallists skipped by David Murdoch 7-2 9-5 to clinch the men's spot. Eve Muirhead's rink claimed the women's place with three wins in a best-of-five tournament decider against Hannah Fleming's team.
Galway enter into Round 4A of the qualifier series after surrendering their Connacht title to Roscommon. Rory Gallagher's side have recovered from the disappointment of their heavy Ulster semi-final defeat to Tyrone. Cian Mulligan is the only injury concern for Donegal with a quad strain.
David Cameron has pledged to hold the referendum before the end of 2017. Current speculation is centring around June, July or September this year. The timing of the referendum hinges on when other EU leaders agree to his proposed changes to the UK's relationship with the EU. The earlier the referendum takes place, the less chance of this happening.
"Don't panic! Don't panic!" was a popular catchphrase in the 1980s. The phrase was used to encourage people to back Labour in the General Election. It was also a reference to the Government's plans to leave the European Union. The song was written by David Perry, who died on Sunday at the age of 93. Mr Perry also wrote the theme tune to the BBC's It Ain't Half Hot Mum.
Bent rescued a point for the Rams against Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday. The former Ipswich striker scored a minute after coming off the bench. Derby, already assured of a play-off spot, are unbeaten in five games. Former England striker Bent said falling at the first hurdle of the play-offs in 2004-05 was a harsh early lesson in his career.
Grammys mix hip flasks with politics. Love Actually cast to reunite for Comic Relief film. June Brown - 90 years in 90 seconds. New York Fashion Week: Six talking points. The Grammys were held in New York on Sunday night. The ceremony was broadcast live on ABC from 8pm on Sunday.
Partick Thistle drew 1-1 with Ross County in the Scottish Championship. Sean Welsh gave the hosts the lead from the penalty spot. But Chris Burke equalised for the visitors in injury time. Alan Archibald's side are now without a win in seven matches.
Donetsk has been surrounded for several weeks by Ukrainian forces battling pro-Russian rebels. convoy of at least 260 lorries carrying Russian aid has now halted, after moving towards the border. The key question now is what Russia does next. If it takes the convoy across the border, it will be seen by the Ukrainian authorities as a major provocation.
The mosaics were found on the site of a development in Leicester. They will form part of a Â£7m revamp of the nearby Jewry Wall museum. City mayor Sir Peter Soulsby said the decision had been made. It is hoped the refurbished museum will open in two years.
Pollsters Ipsos Mori asked voters to give a score out of 10 to a range of policies which could be implemented by the next UK government. The most popular of the policy statements was that of giving Holyrood the power to increase benefits and old age pensions. The results of the poll suggested that voters would rather have a referendum on whether or not to leave the European Union.
Dr Adesina said providing millions of farmers with seeds and fertilisers was vital to boost development. 98% of the world's 800 million undernourished people live in Africa. The World Food Prize was founded in 1986 by Dr. Norman E Borlaug, recipient of the 1970 Nobel Peace Prize.
The officer was carrying a handgun in the railway station in Inverness. Police Scotland said the officer had breached new force policy. A spokesman said he had been reminded of the strict criteria about the issue. It was a sight more common in 2013 when a policy was introduced allowing firearms officers to carry handguns at all times.
The weather phenomenon is set to exacerbate droughts in some areas, while increasing flooding in others. Around 31 million people are said to be facing food insecurity across Africa, a significant increase over the last year. Around 60 million people have been forced to leave their homes because of conflict.
Researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital have taken the first steps towards creating usable engineered kidneys. They took a rat kidney and used a detergent to wash away the old cells. The remaining web of proteins, or scaffold, looks just like a kidney, including an intricate network of blood vessels and drainage pipes.
The patent, filed in 1998, is said to improve the power efficiency of microchips. The case relates to use of the technology in the iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus. The precise amount Apple may have to pay will be decided at a later stage in the court proceedings.
Settle to Carlisle line re-opened after landslides damaged the railway line. Two return journeys a day between parts of Cumbria and Yorkshire from the 14 to the 16 of February. It's part of a celebration of the re-opening of the line which had been closed after the landslides.
The Couch to 5K Challenge is designed for people who have done little or no running. The nine-week plan starts with a brisk walk and ends with a 5k run. Radio DJ and World Championship gold medallist will help you along the way. To sign up for the challenge visit the Make Your Move website.
The Scottish Seabird Centre has secured £3.3m in Heritage Lottery funding. It needs another £2m if its vision is to become a reality. The centre is planned to open in 2020 for Visit Scotland's year of coasts and waters. It will provide an immersive and interactive experience for people of all ages.
Transport staff are recording details of all travellers leaving by commercial air, sea and rail transport. The exit checks were set to particularly affect cross-channel ferry and Channel Tunnel travellers. The government said they were needed to combat illegal immigration and would cause the "least possible disruption" Initial reports suggested the new system had started without any major problems.
The 27-year-old is the most decorated British gymnast in history. She scored 15.933 to win bronze on the uneven bars at London 2012. She has been out of action since suffering a knee injury in 2011. She said: "I've got a medal around my neck and that's all I care about"
Pearce made 33 appearances last season as the Latics won the League One title. The 28-year-old former Bournemouth, Portsmouth and Leeds United centre-back has signed a three-year contract with the Addicks. Pearce becomes Charlton's seventh signing of the summer transfer window.
More than 50 miles of new planking and more than 500,000 fixings have been used in the Â£15m renovation. Madness star Graham McPherson said: "Going on the pier was always a really happy time... It's a privilege to be involved"
Amirah Droudis, 37, will spend at least 33 years behind bars for killing the woman -who cannot be identified - in 2013. Her boyfriend, Man Haron Monis, took 18 people hostage in a Lindt cafe in central Sydney in 2014. The 16-hour siege ended with the deaths of Monis and two hostages.
Lord Patten said he "couldn't have been expected to know" about the sum. The BBC has been criticised for paying £25m to 150 outgoing executives - £2m more than their contracts stipulated. The debate over the renewal of the BBC charter for the BBC is about to begin.
Hamilton Academical drew 0-0 at home to Kilmarnock in the Scottish Championship. Both sides had a number of good chances to score but failed to capitalise. Killie's Kris Boyd twice headed wide from close range in the first half. Jamie MacDonald made a superb save to keep out Greg Docherty's header.
Craig Cathcart put the visitors ahead before substitute Simon Church won and scored an 89th-minute penalty. Wales face another Euro 2016 warm-up game against Ukraine in Kiev on Monday. Coleman: "The team will change up again, and we'll see how they go again"
Kieran McGrath, 26, was shot after leaving the Sheldon Arms pub in Ashton-under-Lyne on 4 October 2014. He drove to a police station but died later. The man who orchestrated his killing, Anthony Henry, 32, was found guilty of murder on Friday. Troy Beckford, 24, and Jace Smith, 31, were convicted after a trial.
Ferguson is among the favourites to succeed Mark Warburton at Ibrox. The 39-year-old resigned as boss of League Two Clyde on Sunday. But he insists he has had no contact with Rangers. Ferguson admits he would "run back" to a club he helped to 15 domestic trophies as a player, including five league titles.
Lucio Barani said to have gestured in the direction of Barbara Lezzi from the opposition Five Star Movement. Vincenzo D'Anna is thought to have repeated the gesture. Female senators from various parties responded, demanding that Mr Barani apologise. Senate speaker suspended Friday's debate on Italy's constitutional reform bill.
At least four forged Australian passports were used in the killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January. The originals belonged to Australians living in Israel. The UK took similar action in March, after concluding that Israel was responsible for the use of forged UK passports in the plot.
Leyla and Arif Yunus have been in prison since their arrest nearly a year ago. They still face separate charges of treason, which carries a life sentence. Both are in poor health - she has diabetes and hepatitis C, while he has a heart condition and has suffered two strokes.
Authorities have warned that the escaped inmates pose a serious threat to the safety of the area. The prison in Lae, Papua New Guinea's second largest city, has seen repeated similar escapes over the past years. In 2016, at least 11 prisoners were shot dead and more than 70 escaped when they stormed the main gate.
Amy Wilson Hardy, Laura Keates, Amy Cokayne, Emily Scarratt and Lydia Thompson score tries for England. England's men will look to complete a hat-trick by beating Ireland in Dublin on Saturday. England won their first Six Nations title since 2012.
A bomb explodes outside the offices of a Muslim scholars committee in Arsal, Lebanon. The group was trying to negotiate the release of security personnel held by jihadist militants. The Sunni town is sandwiched between Syrian government-held territory and predominantly Shia areas. The area was the scene of fierce fighting between the two sides last year.
Girlguiding UK found they needed a new vow that includes non-religious members and those who follow other faiths. The new oath drops the reference to God for the first time since Guides began in 1910. Brownies and Guides currently vow to "to love my God, to serve my Queen and my country"
46 illegal immigrants were detained or arrested at Dover between January and April this year. Number of detentions and arrests is also up significantly from 2012, when 105 were held or arrested. Around 3,000 migrants from countries including Eritrea, Syria and Afghanistan are camped at a site dubbed "the Jungle II"
Gibraltar's tourist attractions are equipping tourist attractions with QR codes - "quick response" barcodes that can be scanned with a mobile phone. Black-and-white pixelated images have been around for more than two decades but have started to gain mainstream acceptance only in the past few years.
Billericay are eighth in the Isthmian League Premier Division. Wright was runner-up in I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here in 2011. The Sun reported that the 30-year-old will become a club director. The "finer points" of a deal which could see Wright buy 20% of the club are yet to be released.
Lee Evans gave Bradford the lead before Peter Vincenti levelled. Devante Cole restored Bradford's lead just before the hour. Olly Lancashire own goal two minutes later put the game out of reach. Rochdale manager Keith Hill disappointed with touchline technical etiquette.
QK Cold Stores (Marston) Ltd was prosecuted by South Kesteven District Council after the incident in June. Magistrates heard the employee was walking towards a freezer room in the warehouse's main bay when it happened. The man equired skin grafts to repair the damage to his right leg.
The Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission said seven years of austerity resulted in the burden of the crisis falling disproportionally on those least able to bear it. The commission was set up last year to promote and protect human rights in the state. The report, published on Thursday, comes ahead of a UN Committee in Geneva next week.
Lord Heseltine told MPs the UK would never be a world-beating economy unless young people were better educated. He called for "much bigger devolution to the people who know where the [failing] schools are" The Conservative grandee made the comments as he gave evidence to the Commons Business Innovation and Skills Committee.
Swedish researchers analysed the genomes of eight Stone Age human skeletons from El PortalÃ³n in Atapuerca, northern Spain. The results show that these early Iberian farmers are the closest ancestors to present-day Basques. After the initial farmer-hunter mixture was set, the ancestors of the Basques became isolated from surrounding groups.
Stephen Bywater, Tom Flanagan, John Mousinho, Ben Turner, Marvin Sordell, Lloyd Dyer, and Shaun Barker have all been offered new deals. The Brewers have taken up one-year extensions to retain Marcus Harness, Marcus Dinanga and Sam Hornby. Phil Edwards, Lee Williamson, Callum Reilly and Charlie Gatter are also leaving.
Newsround has put together a video with lots of things to look out for. Have a watch, it's full of dates to remember.2 January 2017 Last updated at 07:05 GMT. Now it's 2017 is and there's plenty going on to look forward to.
Vaughan Gething said he did not back Jeremy Corbyn in the last two leadership contests. But he said he still wanted the Labour leader to be prime minister. He said he was "appalled" that the Conservatives were planning to abandon the "triple lock" guarantee on pensions.
More than 700 students will be taught at the new state-of-the-art Deeside Sixth. It is part of a major overhaul of post-16 education by Flintshire council. The move comes after the council announced it would close three schools in the area.
Walters, 33, has signed a two-year deal after seven years with the Potters. He becomes Burnley's second summer signing after full-back Charlie Taylor. He joins Stephen Ward and Kevin Long, and midfielders Jeff Hendrick and Robbie Brady at Turf Moor.
Aguirre was best known for his role in the long-running children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho, where he played the teacher, Professor Jirafales. He had been very ill for some time and died in his home in Puerto Vallarta.
Duffy, 37, has joined the third-placed Championship side on a one-year contract. The Scotland assistant coach will lead Featherstone in their final league game against Toulouse on Saturday before the upcoming Super 8 Qualifiers. Duffy played for Leigh, Widnes and Salford during a 16-year playing career.
Alice Gibson-Watt, 34, died in 2012 from a brain injury caused by a cardiac arrest. A week earlier, she was restrained by police and ambulance staff in a case of post-partum psychosis. The coroner ruled the use of restraint was not a factor in the death.
Villarreal defender is expected to sign for Manchester United. The 22-year-old has played 40 times in La Liga for the Spanish club. He was part of the Ivory Coast squad that won the Africa Cup of Nations. He has been linked with a move to Old Trafford with Louis van Gaal.
French embassies, consulates, cultural centres and schools in some 20 countries will be closed for the next few days as a precaution. Government ministers voiced concern at the Charlie Hebdo cartoons but defended the freedom of the press. Some 30 people have died in violent protests which erupted early last week over the Innocence of Muslims video.
Portugal's economy was mired in its worst recession for more than 40 years. With the jobs market having ground to a halt, Magda and Miguel Tilli decided they had no option but to start their own company. They launched an estate agent business specialising in renting houses in Lisbon city centre.
Visitors to Maze can put their own detective skills to the test. They will have to find their way through the maze and collect clues as they go. It's the 130th anniversary of the first Sherlock Holmes book, so it's a pretty good choice. Can you spot him?
Prince Al Hussein said encryption was essential in the interests of freedom. The FBI has asked Apple to disable a feature that means the data on an iPhone is erased after 10 incorrect attempts at the four-digit password. It also wants to run software that could go through the 10,000 possible combinations to unlock the gunman's handset quickly.
Governor Rick Scott issued the executive order in four counties after samples taken from the St Lucie River tested positive for toxins. The US Army Corps of Engineers began discharging freshwater from the lake more than two weeks ago. If ingested, the toxic algae could cause nausea and vomiting and rash or hay fever if touched or inhaled.
The last episode of the ITV show will air on Monday evening. The storyline of the final series has centred around the rape of Trish Winterman. Chibnall's next job will be taking over the reins at Doctor Who. The last series of the show to star Peter Capaldi began on BBC One on Saturday.
Vicky Balch, 20, from Lancashire, had six rounds of surgery in a bid to save her leg before needing an amputation. Leah Washington, 17, from Barnsley, also had one of her legs amputated. Her 18-year-old boyfriend, Joe Pugh, shattered his knees.
The Ospreys stopped a run of three defeats with a 17-12 win over Cardiff Blues on New Year's Day at the Liberty Stadium. New Zealander Hore, a former Wales fitness coach, said: "We definitely will be looking at both scenarios." Johnson will become Scotland boss Andy Robinson's senior assistant coach.
Tonga full-back Veainu raced on to Tommy Bell's grubber. Peter Betham sent over in the corner to make it 22-3 at the break.Veainu's solo try earned the bonus before Greg Bateman pin-balled over. Leicester director of rugby Richard Cockerill satisfied with maximum points.
Abendanon won the European Player of the Year award. It is the third time a French-based English player has won it. Abendanon played two matches for England in 2007. The 28-year-old moved from Bath to Clermont last summer.
Poll indicates satisfaction fell from 70% to 58% last year - the largest annual drop since it started in 1983. King's Fund think tank sponsored the NHS questions put to more than 1,000 people and said their answers appeared to be a comment on reforms and spending squeezes.
Anthony Joshua takes on Wladimir Klitschko on Saturday. Find out which boxing great you are by taking our quick personality test. Let us know if you agree with who you got matched with by using #MyBoxingAlterEgo. Click here for more boxing news.
In a leaked memorandum, Mr Browne said French were seeking "disruption" He said: "They are crystal clear about their underlying objective: the weakening of Britain" Several European cities, including Frankfurt, Dublin and Paris are vying to attract business that may shift out of London following the UK's departure.
Northern Ireland face Ukraine in Euro 2016 qualifier on Tuesday. The game will be the first time the two teams have met in the competition. The winner will go through to the quarter-finals of the tournament in France. The other team is Germany, who have won the last two tournaments.
Leeds United beat Burton Albion 2-0 at Elland Road. Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara scored the goals for the hosts. Nigel Clough's side remain without a win away from home this season. Garry Monk's side have climbed to ninth in the Championship.
Alex Hales hits nine sixes and nine fours to take Notts to 106-0 off the first six overs. Hales almost equalled Chris Gayle's fastest-ever T20 century, which came off 30 deliveries, but top-edged James Weighell to the wicketkeeper. Notts chased down Durham's 183-7 in just 13.5 overs to win by five wickets.
Luke Judge, from Cornwall, learned of Rufa Fahmi's plight after meeting her uncle while volunteering in Greece. The 11-year-old, who previously raised money for cancer patients in Yemen, needed surgery urgently. Mr Judge spent??25,000 of his own savings to fund treatment in Paris.
Lancashire lost their last nine wickets for 31 runs on their way to a 242-run thrashing. The Red Rose were chasing a revised 327 from 47 overs in the one-day game. It was Lancashire's heaviest defeat in List A cricket.
Charity says decision to remove coxswain Andy Hibbs was made due to a "serious risk to its ability to run a safe and effective lifesaving service" Mr Hibbs denies the claim he broke the volunteers' code of conduct. St Helier station was unmanned for the weekend and members of the public attended a silent protest.
The remains of the creatures were unearthed in south west China and are about 190 million years old. They belong to a group of dinosaurs called Lufengosaurus, long-necked beasts that fully grown would have stood about 9m (30ft) in height. The creatures were preserved at different stages of their development, shedding light on life inside the egg.
Billy Bingham's side defeated the host nation in Valencia to reach the second stage. It was the first time Northern Ireland had qualified for a major tournament since 1958. Northern Ireland beat Spain 2-1 in their opening game of the tournament in Valencia. Billy Bingham: I'm proud of the way we played.
Inquiry found 20 major failures from 2004 to 2013 at Furness General Hospital. Coroner ruled Joshua Titcombe had died of natural causes in 2008. But midwives had repeatedly missed opportunities to spot and treat a serious infection. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the tragedy was "a second Mid Staffs"
Corey Lewandowski had been charged with simple battery after reporter Michelle Fields said he forcibly grabbed her arm on 8 March. State prosecutors determined there was not enough evidence to convict him. Mr Lewandowski, supported by Mr Trump, accused Ms Fields of exaggerating the event and changing her story.
The Range Rover Evoque is expected to be Land Rover's best-selling model. The new Defender will be unveiled at next month's Frankfurt motor show. Land Rover is eager to conquer new markets at a time when rivals are enjoying great success. The company's upmarket Range Rover models will outshine its Land Rover models.
Lisa Passey, 28, and former partner Wayne Dale, 45, deny gross negligence manslaughter. They left Kian and another two-year-old child alone while the pair entertained a friend. While Kian was in the bath, the court has heard, Ms Passey was in her garden drinking coffee and smoking.
Lib Dem Mohammed Bashir won the Woking Borough Council seat in Surrey by 16 votes in May 2012. A judge ruled there had been corrupt and illegal practices. The Conservatives won a subsequent by-election, held in September 2013. Shaukat Ali, 56, Parveen Akhtar, 48, Shamraiz Ali, 28, Sobia Ali Akhtar,. 23, and Abid Hussain, 40, will be sentenced on 9 June at Reading Crown Court.
More than 150,000 people visited the Dismaland exhibition at the disused Tropicana site in Weston. It was originally due to go to the so-called "Jungle" camp in Calais, France. It has now been donated to Aid Box Convoy, which is taking it to a smaller camp.
Rafael Nadal has been accused of doping. The Spaniard was out for seven months in 2012 with a stomach virus. The 29-year-old says he has never done anything wrong. He says he feels bad for Nadal who has been attacked by the media.
The US Navy said on 8 April that the Carl Vinson strike group was travelling to the Korean peninsula amid tensions over Pyongyang's nuclear ambitions. But the group was actually farther away over the weekend, moving through the Sunda Strait into the Indian Ocean. It is not clear whether the failure to arrive was a deliberate deception, perhaps designed to frighten North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un.
Bernard McGinley was shot dead outside a wedding in Newtownbutler in February. The weapon used in the shooting in February 2015 has not been recovered. The two men are to be released on conditions including a Â£50,000 cash surety and daily reports to police.
Olly Martins said the force has to save Â£7.5m over the next two years. He said many of the county's police buildings were in need of refurbishment. The Police Federation said it would be concerned that officers in shops may look "unprofessional"
Djokovic served 21 aces in his 6-2 6-4 win over the Serb. He will now face Spain's David Ferrer in the semi-finals. Third seed Tomas Berdych will play Italy's Andreas Seppi in the other semi.
Four councils have pledged £250,000 for a detailed traffic modelling plan to look at traffic on both sides of the proposed bridge. The idea for a new bridge to ease congestion in Reading town centre has been circulating for about 40 years. The bridge and any road alterations would cost between £60m and £100m.
The 33-year-old Portugal international has agreed a one-year contract. Eduardo "will provide experienced cover and competition for Thibaut Courtois and Asmir Begovic", Chelsea said. "The dream is to come to the Premier League, where there are the best clubs and the best players," Eduardo said.
The Great North Run will have more countries represented in a single running event in history than ever before. If you'd like to find out how to get into running, take a look at our special guide to the event. The Great North run will take place on Sunday, November 11.
The Alex, relegated from League One, enquired about the 18-year-old. He scored twice on his United debut in the Europa League against Midtjylland. He then scored in his first Premier League game against Arsenal. He is now in France for Euro 2016.
Gotabhaya Rajapaksa is charged with allowing a private firm to establish a floating armoury. It is claimed the move deprived the state of more than $75m (Â£57m) The charges were filed in a Colombo magistrates court by a special anti-corruption commission.
Mr Katter is an independent country politician from north Queensland. In the ad, he is seen blowing on a puff of smoke from a toy gun with the bodies of two "faceless men" from the major parties lying dead in the dirt. The ad, made with the help of satirical website Betoota Advocate, begins with members of the Labor Party and Liberal-National coalition hammering a sign into the ground.
NICE chief executive Sir Andrew Dillon said the move was needed given the "significant financial challenge facing the NHS" The move comes as the drugs bill is on the rise. Last year £16.8bn was spent on drugs by the NHS, up from £13bn in 2011.
Bradford City lost 2-1 to League Two side Accrington Stanley. It was Bradford's first home defeat of the season. It is the second time Stanley have beaten the Bantams this season. Stanley won on penalties at home in the EFL Cup in August. Matthew Kilgallon and Jordan Clark scored for Bradford.
Citizens Advice Scotland said it provided advice on emergency food providers 7,400 times in 2014/15. UK government said the report failed to recognise that poverty in Scotland was at a record low. DWP said it spends Â£90bn a year on working-age benefits to help the most vulnerable.
Glamorgan set to give debut to South African paceman Marchant de Lange. The seamer goes straight into the squad for the opening County Championship match at Northampton on Friday. The Welsh county are missing four of last season's seamers. Timm van der Gugten, Graham Wagg, Michael Hogan and Ruaidhri Smith are all missing.
Northampton beat Stourbridge 1-0 in the second round of the FA Cup. Jack Duggan's late winner secured a third-round tie at Wycombe in January. Northampton manager Paul Hackett hails his side's "outstanding" performance. The Saints started the match four divisions and 89 league places above Stourbridges.
Trouble prompted police involvement outside the ground before violence behind one goal as players warmed up. Lyon president Jean Michel Aulas went into the crowd in an effort to calm supporters. It is the third incident at a Uefa competition this week, following Tuesday's bomb attack on Borussia Dortmund's team bus and Wednesday's clashes between Leicester City supporters and police in Madrid.
Previously the Financial Services Compensation Scheme protected savings of up to £85,000 per account. New rules come in on 1 January, which will reduce compensation to £75,000. 95% of savers will still be protected, but 2.5 million people may not be.
Surman spent last season on loan at Bournemouth. The 28-year-old started his career at Southampton before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers in 2009. He made 58 appearances for the Canaries before joining Norwich in 2010. The former England Under-21 international has also spent time on loan with QPR and Fulham.
Hearts have signed Ghanaian midfielder Prince Buaben on a one-year deal. He joins fellow new signings James Keatings, Soufian El Hassnaoui, Neil Alexander and Alim Ozturk at Tynecastle. The former Dundee United man spent last season on loan at Partick Thistle.
Callum Bradbury, Ryan Conbeer and Phil Jones claimed tries for Wales. Giovanni D'Onofrio and Dario Schiabel crossed for Italy. Arwel Robson's late penalty edged it, the fly-half picking himself up to score after being felled by flanker Jacopo Bianchi.
Trevor Deely, 22, was last seen walking home from a Christmas party in December 2000. A search of a site in Chapelizod in Dublin started early on Saturday morning. The area is three acres of Woodlands beside the R112 which runs down to the River Liffey.
The Hive, home of Barnet, hosted Arsenal for the 2017 Spring Series. The National League club's ground is undergoing refurbishments this summer. Arsenal have given a new deal to Netherlands international goalkeeper Sari van Veenendaal. The 27-year-old has agreed an undisclosed-length contract with the Gunners.
The new deal will see the annual fee rise to around £3.7m. It is the first major deal overseen by new WRU chief executive Martyn Phillips. Under Armour's other high-profile clients include Tottenham Hotspur, American football player Tom Brady and golfer Jordan Spieth.
The World Motor Sport Council will meet in Doha, Qatar, next week. The meeting is expected to discuss the future of the double points rule. It was introduced for the final race of the season in Abu Dhabi. Mercedes' Nico Rosberg won the race by 17 points from his team-mate.
Labour leader unveils party's Better Plan for Business. Promises to "return Britain to a leadership role" in Brussels. PM has pledged an in/out referendum by the end of 2017. Lib Dems are "unambiguous" in their EU support. Some firms criticised the use of their quotes in a Labour advert.
Tigers are in danger of missing out on a top-four finish for the first time since the 2003-04 season. They are a point behind fourth-placed Bath with five games remaining. They have lost seven of their 17 matches, but welcome respite has come in the Anglo-Welsh Cup where they beat Saracens 32-10 in Saturday's semi-final.
Rhys Browne opened the scoring for Macclesfield in the seventh minute. Eastleigh had the ball in the net once again seven minutes after the interval but the flag was up. Ayo Obileye's header clattered against a post in the 70th minute. Adam Dugdale (Eastleigh) is shown the yellow card.
Gerard Kevin Hughes, 29, and Gavin Martin Hughes, 31, from Springfield Park in Belfast, appeared in court alongside their older brother Joseph Christopher Hughes, 35. The charges arose from incidents in 2013. Gavin Hughes pleaded guilty to five charges, including possessing cocaine with intent to supply. He was handed a four-year sentence, with the remaining three years on licence upon his release.
Nick D'Aloisio, 18, has just released an iPad edition of Yahoo's News Digest. He is also developing an Apple Watch version, among other projects. News Digest has already been downloaded to about 1.3 million iPhones and 623,000 Android handsets, according to analytics provider Xyo.
Charlie Austin could be involved for the first time since dislocating his shoulder on 8 December. Adam Lallana replaced the Brazilian in that game on his return from a month's lay-off and could be in line to start. Jurgen Klopp: "It cannot be our job to count points, our job is to get them"
The Queen, who turns 90 this week, is still "full of laughter", her cousin says. Margaret Rhodes said the monarch can imitate the distinctive local brogue "beautifully" The Queen will spend her birthday at Windsor Castle, where she will unveil a plaque. Gun salutes will be held at all saluting stations across the UK at 12:00 BST.
Police called to Bristol Road South branch, in Northfield, at 11:45 GMT. Reports a female member of staff was being held hostage in an interview room. It is understood a firearm was produced, but no threats or demands were made. The man, aged 60, surrendered to police at about 12:50 GMT.
The 26-year-old man is expected to appear at Paisley Sherriff Court at a later date. Police said another man suffered serious injuries in the incident on Friday 19 May. Officers thanked members of the public for their assistance in responding to the incident.
Scott has been performance director since 2007 and will step aside at the end of the month. The Australian initiated the investigation into a "disappointing" Olympic campaign that produced three medals from a target of five to seven. A key finding of the report required Australia-based Scott to relocate to Britain.
Phelps, 31, could win his 23rd gold in the 4x100m medley relay on Saturday. The American was not part of his country's team that qualified for the final having taken the afternoon off. Schooling, 21, won in an Olympic record time of 50.39 seconds.
Sam Chambers sent his CV to the FA after England crashed out of Euro 2016. He guided his school to an unbeaten 2015-16 season. Mr Chambers is a 1,000/1 outsider for the job, according to Ladbrokes. The FA is yet to comment on Mr Chambers' application.
Dexter Neal, three, was mauled by an American bulldog in Essex. His uncle Ashley Coe wrote on Facebook of the "absolutely devastating loss" Andrew Rosindell, MP for Romford, said the dog which attacked Dexter was not one of the breeds banned under the 1991 act.
Ding Junhui defeated Ireland's Greg Casey 10-4. Liang Wenbo beat England's Joe O'Connor 10-2. There are three rounds of qualifying, with 16 qualifiers joining the world's top 16 at the Crucible from 16 April. Two-time Crucible finalist Ali Carter is also through to the next stage.
Victim was set upon by up to eight men in the Heights area on Sunday. A 30-year-old man was arrested but has since been released on police bail. Police have appealed for information about the attack on a man in his 20s. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The coastguard received the alert just before 23:00 GMT on Saturday. They found the women from the pictures they sent. A police helicopter took them to hospital for treatment. They had no phone signal so were only able to contact the emergency services by using Facebook. The coastguard said weather conditions at the time were not favourable.
Seven-year-old Cagney the dog was trapped in her chair for an hour. The dog's owner heard her whimper and called for help. Firefighters removed the chair and freed the dog, who has since made a full recovery. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The animals were found at Borth Animalarium, near Aberystwyth. Owners Alan and Jean Mumbray admitted not having the correct paperwork. They were both fined and told the animals would be found new homes. The prosecution was "very significant" and showed illegal use of endangered animals would not be tolerated.
He was minister of information for the group, and oversaw the production of propaganda videos showing executions. Pentagon last month said an air strike killed him near Raqqa in Syria on 7 September. He reportedly played a leading role in setting up the jihadist group's key media outfits, including Amaq news agency.
Daniel Bragg, 37, hit Julie Cook, 44, so hard he broke her left eye socket. Ms Cook fell and hit her head on the floor, causing a serious injury. She died in hospital two days later. Bragg was sentenced to five years and four months in prison.
The incident happened at 10:30 GMT on Monday. Translink confirmed that an incident had taken place and that an investigation was under way. The driver of the bus has not yet been named but is said to be "distressed" The incident is being investigated by Translink.
The 69-year-old's Yamaha collided with a Nissan car on 4 June. Mr Baker, who was from the island, was airlifted to Noble's Hospital, where he later died. The car driver, who police say was Northern Irish, was treated in hospital but has been discharged.
Williams view Button as a leading candidate should Bottas leave. Button made his F1 debut for Williams in 2000 before moving on to Benetton/Renault, BAR - which became Honda and then Brawn. McLaren have not yet decided who they will pick to drive alongside Fernando Alonso in 2016.
In an interview for June's edition of Empire magazine, Moore recalled his early meetings with 007 film director Guy Hamilton. He said that while he would be playing the same character they wanted to avoid "any deliberate" comparisons. The interview, one of a series in Empire on Bond, came ahead of new Bond film Skyfall.
About 8,640 people in Scotland wait longer than six weeks for a council care assessment. The average "worst case" is between two weeks and five months. Age Scotland found that about 10% of people were not provided with services within the six-week limit over the past three years. Most councils do not record the reasons why delays occur.
People are being asked to send in photographs of rabbits and hares to help map the UK population. The animals are easier to spot in spring when vegetation is low and the breeding season is under way. The data will be used in a national atlas of mammals to support future conservation efforts.
Teresa Wade, 57, Victoria Montgomery, 54, her daughter Roxanne Montgomery, 33 and Tony Hammond, 34, admitted fraud at Basildon Crown Court. All four admitted handling about 750 puppies between July 2013 and October 2014. The animals were sold for an average of £450 each and the RSPCA estimates the fraud was worth more than £300,000.
Bakr Hamad, 38, of Hull, Sharif Kadir, 52, of Sheffield, Zana Rahim, 32, of Derby and Awat Hamasalih, 33, of Birmingham, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Friday. All four refused to consent to extradition when appearing in court. They were held as part of raids in six European countries, led by Italian authorities.
Prime Video will offer channels such as Discovery and Eurosport individually. Viewers will also be able to pay for curated "channels" of programmes to stream on-demand. But one analyst said the launch line-up of channels was "not immediately desirable" and would struggle to attract satellite TV customers.
The OFT investigated online agents Booking.com, Expedia and hotel group InterContinental Hotels (IHG) The probe initially suspected the deals infringed competition law as they limited price competition. But it has now allowed such deals subject to certain conditions. Customers must first sign up to a membership scheme with a hotel or online agent.
Revenues of £1.43bn for the six months to 25 October and underlying earnings of £218.5m were below analysts' forecasts. Old Mutual, which has interests in South Africa, sank more than 10%. South African's President, Jacob Zuma, sacked Finance Minister Nhalnhla Nene late on Wednesday.
The list is a countdown of the year's most popular songs voted for by listeners. Triple J said there were "a whole range of reasons" behind the decision. The main one is a social media campaign to get Shake It Off on the list. Some thought Swift's track was too commercial for the alternative music station.
The Super League side have played at the ground, which is owned by Bank of Ireland, since 1895. As it stands, their lease will terminate at the end of December. The Wildcats were hoping to move to a purpose-built stadium for the start of the 2015 season but work has never started.
Prince William says the Queen has been a "guiding example" of what a good monarch should be. He was speaking in a BBC interview in which he paid tribute to the Queen on the eve of her 90th birthday. A picture of the Queen, the Prince of Wales, Prince William and Prince George, for stamps to mark her birthday has been released.
The NFL had banned Brady for allegedly colluding to deflate balls during a play-off game. A US judge ruled it had "legal deficiencies" Brady, 38, can now play on 10 September against the Pittsburgh Steelers. NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has said that the league will appeal the judge's ruling.
Line is looking to raise funds to expand into the US and help it compete with rivals such as Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and China's WeChat. It is the most popular messaging service in Japan, Thailand and Taiwan. The listing, planned for July, could make it the world's biggest technology initial public offering this year.
The incident took place at the East Midlands Ambulance Service. It is the second time in two months that the service has had to deal with the incident. The first time was in February when the service was called to a scene at a hospital. The second time it happened was in April when the hospital was called again.
Meden Sports Centre in Warsop, Nottinghamshire, has faced ongoing maintenance issues. Mansfield District Council has said it is "unsustainable" and has launched a consultation on its future. Warsop Parish Council said it was "essential" to the area and it would fight to keep it open.
Andrey Malanin, 55, had failed to report for work on Monday. He lived alone on a heavily guarded street. Police said the body had no visible injuries and there had been no obvious break-in. Moscow's ambassador to neighbouring Turkey was assassinated in December.
Carlos Ghosn says Renault's relationship with Red Bull is likely to end this year. The pair won four consecutive drivers' and constructors' world titles from 2010-13. Red Bull are doing "necessary due diligence" in talking to other engine suppliers. Renault is in the process of trying to negotiate a takeover of the Lotus team.
BBC Northern Ireland is planning to move from Broadcasting House on Ormeau Avenue. The corporation has yet to decide on a site. The council has set out its preferred options for the broadcaster in its regeneration and investment strategy. lands to the rear of Belfast Central Library, a site north of Great Patrick Street or the stalled Royal Exchange development could all be suitable.
Firefighters used a 30ft (9m) ladder to bring them to safety in Wigan. A 28-year-old man was stuck up a tree in Green Lane as he tried to recover his pet. engines from Wigan and Hindley were mobilised at about 13:55 BST.
Criminals are targeting Lye Valley Industrial Estate in the West Midlands. West Midlands Police say they will put in extra patrols to tackle the problem. The force is also looking to secure access to the estate from a nearby road. The area has been the scene of several burglaries in recent months.
Rishiraj Singh, the excise commissioner in the southern Indian state of Kerala, said such a stare could get a man jailed. The video of his statement has gone viral in the state, sparking humorous reactions and memes. Some social media users have supported Mr Singh for raising an important issue of women's safety.
Sir Bruce was forced to pull out of presenting a BBC variety show last week. But he is expected to recover in time to co-host Strictly's Children In Need special. It will feature four stars from Call The Midwife, to be aired on 13 November. The evening will also feature Harry Hill giving his own history of television.
The UK will maintain an EU deal which provides duty-free access to 48 countries. British firms do not pay import tariffs on goods bought from countries such as Bangladesh and Haiti. The list of countries is based on the UN's Least Developed Countries index. Currently Â£19.2bn of goods are imported from the 48 countries, including 79% of the tea consumed in Britain.
Claire Lomas, from Leicestershire, was paralysed from the chest down in 2007. She broke her neck, back and ribs and punctured a lung when her horse threw her off. The 36-year-old, who is 16 weeks pregnant, said she was "over the moon" to finish.
Six suicide attackers and an Afghan security guard were killed. At least 17 civilians were injured. A minibus was detonated but another bomb-laden car defused, police said. The Taliban, who have launched several high-profile raids on Kabul, said they were behind the attack.
Some couples are even undergoing fake divorces in order to buy additional homes. China's central bank has tried to clamp down on rising prices but that has done little to allay the woes of young workers who earn low wages. The BBC's Stephen McDonell reports on one of the world's most unaffordable property markets.
Colin Hughes was attacked in Old Swan in September 2010. Two men, aged 18 and 21, were arrested on suspicion of murder on Tuesday. Mr Hughes had been playing cards with his fiancee Paula Greenwood when they heard the glass in the back door smash at about 0045 BST on 21 September.
The Nelson Mandela Foundation said President Zuma had "failed the test" of leadership. South Africa needed to hold to account those who were "looting" state resources, it said. Mr Zuma has been dogged by allegations of corruption for more than a decade. His legal team is trying to prevent the release of a report by anti-corruption chief Thuli Madonsela.
The plan has already divided opinion among health and medical groups. But ministers say it is a "balance of risk" and will stop children smoking. Public Health Wales, local health boards and the BMA are in favour. But anti-smoking campaign group ASH Wales, Cancer Research UK and Tenovus are among those opposed.
Sterling has two years left on a contract worth £35,000 a week. The 20-year-old has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract with the Reds. Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers says the club had not given Sterling permission to speak to BBC Sport.
Hong Kong is one of the world's most unequal places in terms of income distribution. About one in five of its seven million people live in poverty, according to government figures. Among the elderly, one in three lives below the poverty line. Social entrepreneurs are tackling the social world's problems.
The Dow Jones industrial average ended 11.23 points ahead at 19,945. Goldman Sachs led the risers, up 0.24%. The sportswear giant Nike led the fallers, down 1.2%. The technology-heavy Nasdaq jumped 24.75 points to 5,487.
The event at the University of Wolverhampton Sports Complex in Walsall will feature a number of Rio 2016 Paralympic medallists. It will be the first opportunity for blind and visually impaired athletes to pick up world ranking points in the sport. "It's brilliant that we'll have the chance to fight in front of a home crowd this year," says British judoka Chris Skelley.
The University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust was created in November. It was at the centre of a Â£6m public inquiry into care failings. The trust was rated as good overall for how caring its services were. But it was told it required improvement to ensure safe, effective and well-led services.
Cotter has named his squad for November's autumn Test series. The union announced in August that Glasgow Warriors boss Townsend would replace Cotter in June. Former Clermont head coach Cotter has subsequently secured a return to France with Montpellier. Scotland face Australia (12 November), Argentina (19 November) and Georgia (26 November)
Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19bn (Â£14.6bn) in 2014 as a way to reach out to a younger audience. Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information said that the social network had not obtained effective approval from WhatsApp's 35 million German users.
Friends creator James Burrows will be honoured in a special on NBC on 21 February. Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow and Matt LeBlanc expected to take part. Perry has written and will star in the play The End of Longing... in London.
Prime Minister David Cameron and Wales' First Minister Carywn Jones among those to give praise. Wales started the tournament as 100/1 outsiders but beat Northern Ireland and Belgium to reach the last four. More than 20,000 supporters were estimated to have travelled to Lyon, with thousands more watching at fan zones around Wales.
The Muslim Council of Britain (MCB) said mosques would offer refreshments and "insight" into how they run. The MCB has raised concerns about anti-Muslim sentiment since 17 people were killed by Islamist militants in Paris last month. More than 20 mosques were expected to take part.
Bournemouth boss Howe has been linked with the England job. The 38-year-old guided the Cherries to Premier League safety last season. Howe says he will not be distracted by the speculation surrounding the role. He says he has pledged his allegiance to Bournemouth time and again.
Chancellor George Osborne told the BBC the referendum issue was "deadly serious" Former Chancellor Lord Lawson said the G20's warning was "absurd" because 15 of its members were outside the EU. UK will vote on whether to leave or remain in the EU on 23 June.
Daniel Smith, from Rochdale, was commended for his brave actions in Iraq. But he has since found it difficult to get treatment, his marriage has failed and he is struggling to find work. It is thought his PTSD was sparked after the vehicle patrol he was part of was blown up by roadside bombs twice in a week in 2005.
Donald Trump said gun rights advocates could stop Hillary Clinton taking power. His comments sparked an online backlash, many accusing him of inciting violence. He replied that he was only urging gun rights supporters to vote in large numbers. The Republican presidential nominee said of his Democratic opponent: "Hillary wants to abolish" the Second Amendment.
The NUS has launched a campaign to mobilise the student vote. It is aimed at 28 Liberal Democrats, including Nick Clegg and Vince Cable. There are also two Conservative MPs who are accused of failing to keep a promise to oppose the fee increase. Labour has promised to cut tuition fees to Â£6,000 per year.
Kevin Hyland told the BBC it was "deeply concerning" that hundreds of Nigerians were brought in every year for prostitution or forced labour. He said the treatment of these people, what they go through, is actually a very serious crime, so for me it's a big problem. Home Secretary Theresa May, speaking last year, described the scale of abuse as "shocking"
Research on 1,500 women aged 64 to 95 found those who spent many hours sitting and exercised for less than 40 minutes a day had cells that were biologically eight years older. Even in old age, it was important to keep active and avoid sitting for more than 10 hours a day, researchers said.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc apologises for police response to protests. He says the original protests were "just and legitimate" and the "excessive use of force" by police was wrong. He is due to hold a meeting with activists later on Wednesday. Protesters want end of plans to demolish a park in Istanbul.
Prices were up to 5.4% compared to the same quarter in 2015. The average standardised price, across all property types, is just over Â£124,000. The biggest annual rise in the third quarter was in the Antrim and Newtownabbey council district where prices were up by 7.3%.
The former BBC journalist was speaking at the presentation of the 2014 Costa Book Prize, whose jury he chaired. He said the corporation "owes it to books to do what it used to do, which is to give something back" A BBC spokesman said books and authors were "at the heart" of the corporation.
Samuel Armstrong, 23, of Copt Hill, Danbury, Essex, is charged with two counts of rape and one of sexual assault. He has been suspended from his position as chief of staff to South Thanet's Tory MP Craig Mackinlay. Mr Armstrong was bailed to appear before Southwark Crown Court on 28 April.
More than 50 firefighters attended after the alarm was raised at 09:10 BST. The fire service said there were no injuries and students were unaffected. Local residents were advised to keep windows closed and stay inside at the height of the fire. Students were later directed to the sports hall to collect their exam results.
Worcester Warriors will play their home games on an all-weather pitch. The Premiership club are laying a new organic surface at Sixways. Worcester start the 2016-17 season against European and Premiership champions Sarries at Twickenham before local rivals Gloucester come to Sixways on 9 September.
At the end of Wednesday's trading, the FTSE 100 was down 0.62% or 46.33 points at 7,478.62. Banking stocks were among the top risers, with Lloyds Banking Group up 1.65% and RBS adding 1.35%. On the downside, pharmaceutical companies tumbled.
Systems at Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center had been affected for more than a week. Staff had been forced to carry out some tasks on paper. However, the hospital's chief executive Allen Stefanek, said that the incident had not affected the delivery or quality of patient care. The amount of ransom requested was 40 bitcoins, equivalent to approximately $17,000.
The 40-year-old fell from her mount Topwood Beau and was airlifted to hospital. British Eventing said last week she suffered a traumatic brain injury. Gilruth, who is married with two young daughters, made her Badminton debut in last year's event.
David Haines was abducted while working as an aid worker in Syria. He was held hostage for 18 months before a video of his murder was posted online. His brother Mike has been travelling the country spreading a message of religious tolerance and understanding. He urged UK communities to "extend the hand of friendship" to those in need.
Commons Speaker John Bercow decided to pause the process amid MPs' concerns about her suitability. Mr Straw told MPs that it was "imperative" that the future status and remit of the job was agreed upon. The clerk of the House is the principal constitutional adviser to the Commons, and adviser on all its procedure and business.
Chloe Stott, 18, is the daughter of Katy Stott who was born 2,000ft above Orkney in 1973 on a special air ambulance flight. The aircraft was only a few minutes into the short flight when Katy's mother Freida Devin gave birth. Chloe said she has always wanted to be a cabin crew attendant.
Corbyn made the remarks shortly after the al-Qaeda chief was shot dead. A spokesman for Mr Corbyn defended the remarks saying he was "a total opponent of al- Qaeda, all it stands for" Andy Burnham appealed to undecided voters, saying it was still "all to play for"
Leakey is former head of the Kenya Wildlife Service. Key to stemming the trade in illegal ivory. Jolie: "I've felt a deep connection to Africa and its culture for much of my life" She is currently directing and starring opposite her husband Brad Pitt in the film By The Sea.
Family Guy has been a major part of the BBC Three schedule since 2006. The channel's signed a deal with 20th Century Fox to show new episodes. The agreement also includes other Seth MacFarlane animated comedies American Dad, The Cleveland Show and new series Bordertown. There's been discussion over what would happen to the offbeat comedy.
Synchronised wreath-laying ceremonies will take place in counties Cork, Meath, Wexford, Galway and Dublin, beginning at 09:45 local time in Cork. Wreaths will be laid at various buildings and landmarks around the Irish capital that became focal points during the rebellion.
Theresa May has appointed a new cabinet, including a new foreign secretary. Scotland's only Labour MP says the new cabinet is more right wing than the old one. David Mundell, who has been MP for Dumfriesshire since 2005, will be the new Scottish Secretary.
Sir Paul is worth an estimated £20m more than last year. He enjoys a significant boost from his American heiress wife's £150m stake in her family's US trucking business. Lord Lloyd-Webber is estimated to be worth £650m. Irish band U2 at third place with £431m.
Marks, from Bridgend, announced last year he had inoperable bowel cancer. He was jailed in the US in 1990 after being convicted of smuggling cannabis. The father of four stood for election to Parliament in 1997 on a single-issue ticket of reforming cannabis laws.
Middlesex complete a dramatic run chase with two balls remaining. Set 302 to win from 46 overs at Taunton, Middlesex win by six wickets. Defeat leaves Somerset sixth in the County Championship Division One table. Marcus Trescothick and Peter Trego had given Somerset a healthy lead.
Budget process is being delivered this week, and the legislative timetable squeezed. What can be expected of John Swinney's taxation and spending plans? Let's play budget bingo. "Osborne's austerity is wrong for Scotland": There will be a squeeze of more than 5% in current or revenue (non-capital) spending.
Sir Jimmy was awarded the OBE in 1971, and received his knighthood from the Queen in 1996. Police investigating the alleged abuse say they are pursuing 120 separate lines of inquiry. Scotland Yard says there could be 20 to 25 victims in total. There are no legal arrangements in place to remove honours posthumously.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final. N'Golo Kante scored the only goal of the game for the Blues. Antonio Conte and Jose Mourinho argued throughout the game. The pair had to be separated by the assistant referee at one point.
The Wasps player-manager has been named League One manager of the month for February. Goodwin took charge in October after Jack Ross moved to Goodwin's former club, St Mirren. His side sit second in the table and look certainties for at least a promotion play-off place. But the 35-year-old midfielder is not ending his playing career just yet.
Claudio Ranieri led Leicester to the Premier League title last season. The Italian was sacked by the club on Thursday after just nine months in charge. The Foxes are now 17th in the table, with just 21 points from 25 games. A win for any of Sunderland, Crystal Palace and Hull City this weekend would put the Foxes in the relegation places.
Gareth Colfer-Williams, 25, died last week at his home in Swansea. The city is at the centre of an epidemic of the disease which has reached 942 cases. An inquest will be opened and adjourned on Tuesday to allow further tests. Since the outbreak began in November, 83 people have needed hospital treatment.
The 17-year-old posted a picture of Thomas Mair on Facebook the day the MP died, praising him for his actions. He also wrote: "We need more people like him to butcher the race traitors" The boy, who was arrested after posting pictures of a homemade bomb online, denies the preparation of terrorist acts and making explosives.
The draft legislation was approved by 494 votes to 122, and now moves to the House of Lords. Shadow business secretary Clive Lewis was one of 52 Labour MPs to defy party orders to back the bill. He said he "cannot, in all good conscience, vote for something I believe will ultimately harm the city I have the honour to represent"
Bob Neill said the Valuation Office Agency was "wholly out of touch" He said high street shops in London and the South East would be particularly badly-hit. The changes come into force on 1 April as a result of a revaluation of premises. Ministers say three quarters of businesses' rates will either go down or stay the same.
Dover Athletic beat Guiseley 2-0 in the National League. Ricky Miller and Moses Emmanuel scored the goals for the hosts. Dover remain sixth in the table, one point off the play-off places. The game finished goalless at half-time.
The 21-year-old has claimed 43 wickets in 15 first-class matches. Taylor produced career-best figures of 6-61 in Derbyshire's Championship loss to Lancashire last April. "Tom is an exciting talent who has already shown the ability to win games," elite performance director Graeme Welch said.
Four people were badly injured when a carriage on the Smiler ride hit an empty one on 2 June. Leah Washington, 18, from Barnsley and Vicky Balch, 20, from Lancashire, later each had a leg amputated. Twelve other people were trapped 25ft (7.6m) off the ground for several hours as emergency services attempted to rescue them.
Banks colluded, using online chat rooms to co-ordinate fictitious bids and offers in order to sway the market, the competition commission says. Barclays, JP Morgan and HSBC are among 17 banks named as part of the two-year investigation. The banks are now likely to face prosecution at the country's Competition Tribunal over the alleged currency manipulation.
Cordina lost a split decision to Hurshid Tojibaev in the last-16 of the lightweight division at Rio 2016. The 24-year-old won bronze the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Cordina trains in the same gym, St Joseph's in Newport, as IBF featherweight world champion Lee Selby.
Four average 50mph enforcement cameras were installed in October on a two-mile stretch at Port Talbot. But around 125-a-day have been caught in less than a week. Wales Road Casualty Reduction Partnership GoSafe welcomed the reduction in drivers caught compared with the trial period.
The plants were found during the search of a warehouse near Ashbourne. Police said they were in "an elaborate grow house" A man in his late 40s was arrested at the scene. He was later released on bail and police are still searching for a second man.
Pro-Kremlin party A Just Russia put forward both bills, and linked them directly to the situation in Ukraine. Pro-Russian feelings are strong in Ukraine's Crimea region, which is now the focus of the crisis. MPs say a referendum or a plea from a territory's leaders would be enough to trigger the new provisions.
Total number of teachers in Scotland has risen for the first time in several years. But in 12 local authorities the numbers fell, with the largest percentage drop in Moray. The ratio of pupils to teachers was maintained across Scotland but the average size of a class crept up slightly to 23.5.
Van driver picked up the thief in Yeaman Place in his red Renault Trafic van. As he dropped him off in Forbes Road, the thief pulled out a knife. He took a two-figure sum of money and left in the direction of Bruntsfield Place. Police have appealed for witnesses.
A 9mm self-loading pistol, ammunition, four Enfield pistols and a rifle component were found at Albert Patterson's house. The 65-year-old was jailed for 15 months at the city's Crown Court. He had already admitted three firearms offences, possessing prohibited ammunition and possessing ammunition without a certificate.
The toilet, in a busy park in Pudong New Area, will have 10 unisex stalls, plus some urinals and a stall for disabled people. To guarantee safety and privacy, there will be attendants and higher partitions between stalls. There are no plans yet to build moreUnisex toilets, as authorities are unsure whether citizens will embrace the idea.
Journalists Andre Meister and Markus Beckedahl published classified documents on the digital rights website Netzpolitik. The documents indicated that Germany's intelligence service was planning to expand online surveillance to combat terrorism. Thousands took to the streets of Berlin in support of the journalists. The treason investigation has now been suspended.
The ISS is a giant laboratory and every inhabitant is expected to get involved in the research. Some of the research is aimed specifically at gaining new insights that will benefit future generations of spacefarers. Other experiments are designed to have a relevance to life here on Earth. The first results from ISS experiments are being released but it is still early days to judge their value.
Leeds have kept clean sheets in their last two games. The Yorkshire side have conceded just two goals in last four matches. Pontus Jansson, on loan from Torino, has played a key role in their improvement. Leeds are 15th in the Championship table.
Hearts owner Ann Budge said she hoped the work would be completed in September 2017. The new stand will increase the capacity to more than 7,200 from 4,720. The plans involve demolishing large sections of the existing main stand, and the ticket offices and shops.
Sunday's vote in North Rhine-Westphalia is the last ahead of the general election in September. The centre-left SPD currently rules in coalition with the Greens but polls suggest that could be about to change. In recent weeks Mrs Merkel's centre-right Christian Democrats (CDU) have been closing in and support for the SPD has dwindled.
Sergei Glazyev said the US was spending $20m a week on Ukrainian opposition groups. Accused the US of ignoring the Memorandum on Security Assurances. Suggested Moscow could also intervene. President Viktor Yanukovych due to meet Mr Putin on Friday in Sochi.
Patrick Maloney, 43, died as a result of "multiple crushing injuries" He was hit by a vehicle at Toddbury Farm, near Leighton Buzzard. A second man, Thomas McCarthy, 24, was previously charged with murder. A woman, 42, arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed until September.
Welsh government says it is grateful to the Supreme Court for its decision. The court ruled that the Welsh Assembly had not been given the power to set minimum wages. The law was passed after the UK government abolished the Agricultural Wages Board. The Welsh government said it would use the decision to create an Agricultural Advisory Panel.
Zayn Malik announced he was leaving the group last week to "live like a normal 22-year-old" Liam Payne thanked fans for sticking with the band and for "not thinking it's finished" The band continued their On the Road Again tour and have been playing concerts in South Africa.
Abortion is currently illegal in Sierra Leone under any circumstances. The law would allow women to terminate a pregnancy in any circumstances up to 12 weeks and in cases of incest, rape and foetal impairment up to 24 weeks. It was unanimously passed by MPs in December, but President Koroma refused to sign it.
"Dependency on giving that only appears to be charitable must end," he says. Aid is believed to account for 5-6% of Kenya's total income. Mr Kenyatta said that foreign aid "often carries terms and conditions that preclude progress""It is time to give it up," he wrote.
The 22-year-old midfielder returns to his native Denmark. He made his Fulham debut in 2014 and played a total of 68 games. Christensen ended last season on loan at Burton Albion, along with Fulham forward Cauley Woodrow. He featured for Denmark in this summer's European Under-21 Championship.
Konrad, 38, swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an Olympic-size swimming pool. Friends became concerned when he failed to return for dinner. After up to 12 hours in the water, he had treatment for hypothermia symptoms. He played 82 games for the Dolphins between 1999-2004.
A deal was made by the two main parties and the British and Irish governments to resolve a crisis at Stormont. Solutions were found on issues over paramilitarism and welfare reform. But Deputy Chief Constable Drew Harris said a lack of consensus over how to deal with the past was a let-down to police and Troubles victims' families.
The Beatles first performed at the Cavern on 9 February, 1961. The club's lunchtime sessions were popular with young city centre office workers. The original Cavern had started life as a jazz venue in 1957. By 1961 it was moving towards rock and roll - driven more by plain economics than musical taste.
Watson, world ranked 110th, was beaten 7-6 (7-2) 6-2 by the Estonian Anett Kontaveit. The 24-year-old faced 18 break points - compared to just one for her opponent - on the way to losing.
If found guilty of negligence, she could be jailed for up to 10 years. She was removed by a court in May 2014, shortly before the military ousted her government. The military seized power in what it said was a bid to restore public order after months of protests.
The Labour leader unveiled the pledge stone at a hustings event on Sunday. The 8ft stone has already prompted its own hashtag #EdStone. But Mr Miliband said he wanted to be the first politician to "over deliver" David Cameron and Nick Clegg have mocked the stone.
Parkside and Howdenburn Primaries and Jedburgh Grammar School would be closed. All education for children aged from two to 18 in the area would take place on one site at Hartrigge Park. The ground was bought for housing by Jedburgh Town Council over 50 years ago.
Norman Collier, who had Parkinson's disease, died on Thursday. He rose to fame on the club circuit, getting his big break on the Royal Variety Show. Danny Baker and Jon Culshaw were among those paying tribute on Twitter. He leaves a wife, Lucy, three children, grandchildren and great-grandchildren.
Crawley Town beat Leyton Orient 3-0 in their League One clash. James Collins, Joe McNerney and Enzio Boldewijn scored in the first half. Crawley had failed to score in their previous three home games. The win is Crawley's first in seven matches.
William Stuart, 10, from Etchingham, East Sussex, has autism and a condition called global developmental delay (GDD) His family said the stolen iPad was his only way of communicating and without it he is more isolated than ever. Sussex Police has appealed for information to help find the iPad.
The influential EY Item Club said higher inflation would result in GDP growth of 1.3% in 2017 and just 1% next year. But it said rising demand for exports would offset this somewhat. A separate survey has found optimism in the financial services sector hit its lowest level since the 2008 crash.
Invisible Edinburgh aims to show a different side of the city. The event is run by the Edinburgh Airport Community Fund. There are four themes: crime, punishment, sport and charity. The tickets cost £8 each and are available on the website. For more information on the event visit  invisible Edinburgh.
Seven prisoners have committed suicide at HMP Woodhill since May 2013. Two of them, Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, took their own lives last year. Their families claim the prison has failed to comply with its own safety rules. The court has rejected the claims, saying they are a 'continuing high priority'
Nearly one year since a massive earthquake hit Kathmandu and its surrounding areas. Thousands of people were killed and historic sites were severely damaged. We want to tell the story of what happened during the quake - and how things have changed since then. You can email your pictures from the earthquake or more recent ones showing Nepal now to yourpics@bbc.co.uk.
It marks the final instalment in British director Christopher Nolan's trilogy. Many praised Nolan's directing skills, along with Anne Hathaway's turn as cat burglar Selina Kyle. The Daily Mail branded the film, released in the UK on 20 July, "humourless" and "overlong"
Hurst joined Mansfield in June after being released by Southend. The 31-year-old has made 16 appearances for the League Two side. He could make his debut against Wrexham in the National League on Saturday. He has not started in a league game since 17 December.
Charli XCX, Ella Eyre and Lianne La Havas will appear at Bestival. Neneh Cherry, Andreya Triana and Radio 1 DJ B.Traits are among other female acts. Other festivals have been criticised for the lack of women on their bills.
The FTSE 100 ended down 55.78 at 5974.54 points, with Anglo American the biggest loser. Centrica was the best performer, rising 7% after its drop in profit was smaller than expected. Tullow Oil tumbled 11%. after the oil producer said there could be an issue with a storage vessel at its flagship Jubilee field.
The World Anti-Doping Agency said many athletes who had been targeted for testing "simply could not be found" It added that, on some days, "up to 50% of tests were aborted" Of the 11,470 athletes, 4,125 had no record of any testing in 2016.
Two employees of the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) were initially quarantined in the office. A note reading "die a painful death, Muslims," was in the envelope with the powder, the group's lawyer said.Initial tests showed that the powder is not hazardous, and the quarantine has been lifted.
Isobel Parker, 23, died at a property in Burnham-on-Crouch on 17 July. Her mother described her as a "fantastic mother who adored spending time with her two precious children" Matthew Smith, of Wood Corner Caravan Park, will next appear in court on 28 September.
Zhou Chengjian has been named as the country's 62nd richest person. He built Shanghai-based Metersbonwe into one of China's biggest and best-known clothing companies. Chinese media reports have speculated he has been picked up by the police as part of Beijing's anti-corruption drive.
BBC bosses kept the launch of a new BBC Scotland channel secret until Wednesday. Staff, viewers and politicians were expecting to be told that plans for a "Scottish Six" had been shelved. No one knew that there would be an hour-long news programme with Scottish, UK and world news at 9pm instead.
A plan for the system has been in place since 2007 but prescribing is still paper-based in Welsh hospitals. The scheme must be in place by 2023, but the WAO wants it brought in sooner. It said a detailed, time-bound plan for implementation should be outlined.
Royal Mail is now seeking cost savings of £600m a year, up from a previous target of £500m. Its shares slid 7.6% to their lowest level since March, and the company was the biggest faller on the FTSE 100, the UK's main share index.
Strathspey Steam Railway needs a crossing on the River Dulnain. The group runs locomotives along 10 miles (16km) of line between Aviemore and Broomhill. It needs three more miles of track (4.8km) to link up with Grantown.
The German press lays bare their version of how it could finish in the EU referendum. Der Spiegel predicts a threefold catastrophe: bad for Germany, bad for Britain and cataclysmic for Europe. Die Zeit envisages a doomsday scenario: panic at the London stock exchange, a scramble among Europe's leaders to maintain a united front.
Laura Turner sent lewd messages to one of her co-workers while on duty. Staff at the University Hospital of North Durham said her comments had a "devastating" effect on the department. Ms Turner, who did not attend the hearing, was dismissed after the Facebook comments were shared in March 2014. Panel chairman Philip Geering said her conduct "fell well short of what would be proper"
Wakaa The Musical follows the fate of a group of young graduates. The show aims to give audiences a taste of modern day Nigeria. It is the first Nigerian-produced musical to be performed at a London theatre. I went to meet those behind the show as it opened in the West End.
The company said it had faced a "chorus of music label representatives and artists" accusing it of "mistreating" songwriters and performers. Recording Industry Association of America said YouTube paid "meagre" royalties when compared to subscription music services. YouTube said it paid "a majority" - more than 50% - of its advertising income to content creators and the music industry.
Vivian Gabb, 59, was in the final stages of buying a house when scammers struck. She was unaware that her email had been hacked and every email she wrote and received was being monitored by criminals. The internet safety advice website Get Safe Online says more than half (51%) of people in the UK have been a victim of an online crime.
The incident happened on the A98, three miles from Fraserburgh, at about 22:15 on Sunday. The female driver, who was the only person in the vehicle, was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary for treatment. She was later released from the hospital.
Researchers create a digital Argentinosaurus robot to work out how this 80-tonne monster would have moved its vast bulk. The study is published in an issue of PLoS One on "sauropod gigantism" The huge size of sauropods presents a quandary for biologists because they push animal bones and muscles to their limit.
Braulio Jatar was born in Chile and also has Venezuelan nationality. He is an open supporter of the opposition and runs a news website on Margarita island. He was taken into custody on 3 September after publishing videos of a protest. The Committee to Protect Journalists has called on Venezuela to "allow all journalists to report freely"
A consultation prompted 620 responses, with 98% saying owners should clean up after pets. 69% said dogs should be excluded from play areas, but 70% did not want to see dogs excluded from beaches. The council's environmental and public protection scrutiny committee will consider proposals on Monday.
The Dow Jones added 58.69 points to finish at 17,958.79, while the S&P 500 added 3.45 points to 2,075.37. The tech-heavy Nasdaq index climbed 11.32 points to close at 4,780.76. Banks and financial institutions topped the list of gainers on the Dow.
The International Bomber Command Centre is due to open in 2016. A memorial spire has already been erected at the site in Lincoln. Organisers want to invite every veteran to the unveiling on 2 October. They already have names of 900 veterans but believe there are more still to be identified.
More than 16 million drivers are set to take to UK roads this weekend. Four million will travel on Good Friday and 4.5 million on Easter Sunday. RAC said the millions travelling would make it "hectic" on UK roads. More than 11,000 passengers expected to fly to and from Cardiff Airport.
The bus was carrying a group of German pensioners at the time of the fire. The lorry driver was unharmed and told police the bus had gone into the back of his vehicle and burst into flames. The passengers were men and women aged 66 to 81, heading to Lake Garda.
The 37-year-old suffered the injury on 4 June during the first innings of Sussex's County Championship Division Two win over Worcestershire. Magoffin took 5-51 in his only other game as Sussex lost at Nottinghamshire. Sussex are currently fifth in the Division Two table, with two wins from their opening five matches.
Sharjeel Khan (59) and Khalid Latif (59 not out) share an opening stand of 107. England limped to 135-7, losing six wickets for 54 runs. It is England's joint-second biggest T20 defeat in terms of balls remaining.
Ann Maguire, 61, was killed by 15-year-old Will Cornick in April. A plaque was unveiled at the pavilion at Wigan's Mesnes Park. Her sisters said it was "very, very important" to have a memorial in Wigan.
SNP leader urges voters to back Plaid in the May 2016 assembly election. She praised Ms Wood for being modern, principled and passionate. Ms Sturgeon said the leadership qualities of Ms Wood were proved in the general election TV debates. She told Plaid's conference in Aberystwyth she knew Ms Wood would "stand firm" against cuts.
The incident took place on the train service between Dunblane and Edinburgh. British Transport Police said the guard on board was shouted and sworn at aggressively before being spat at by a passenger. The man was described as aged about 20-years-old, of skinny build, with short blonde hair and a Scottish accent.
Maya Kodnani, an ex-minister and aide to Chief Minister Narendra Modi, is the most senior figure so far convicted. Thirty others received life sentences for their part in the killings in Naroda Patiya, a suburb of Ahmedabad. The riots left more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, dead, and were among India's worst outbreaks of unrest.
Twenty hostages, most of them foreign, were killed when Islamist militants stormed a cafe in the capital, Dhaka. Two police officers also died and 30 were injured. After a 12-hour siege, commandos rescued 13 people. The so-called Islamic State (IS) group said it was behind the attack but the government has denied this.
NAC rules state fights at 154lbs must be fought with 8oz gloves. The decision will be made on August 16. The fight will be between Floyd Mayweather and Manny Pacquiao. The winner will become the first man to win back-to-back world titles in the UFC.
Federal Court told six firms to divulge names and addresses of those who downloaded The Dallas Buyers Club. The case was lodged by the US company that owns the rights to the 2013 movie. The court said the data could only be used to secure "compensation for the infringements" of copyright.
Flower was sent off in the first minute of the 2014 Grand Final against St Helens and subsequently banned for six months. The 28-year-old will miss the final Super Eights game against Catalans and the semi-final. Wales international is free to play in the Grand Final should Wigan make this season's showpiece.
The space agency has set out a three part plan, which it hopes will eventually lead to humans living on Mars by the 2030s. Nasa has been testing out the effects of what living in space can do to the human body, to prepare them for the journey to Mars, and also for living there. They will be looking into ways to make fuel, water, oxygen and building materials on the Red planet.
The Dow Jones gained 19 points to close at 17,812, after a bumpy start. The S&P 500 rose 2 points to 2,079.22, while the Nasdaq gained 20 points to 5,102. HP split into two separate companies in November - one focused on the printer and PC businesses and the other on corporate services.
The military said the girls and women were freed during major operations. They were freed in the seizure of four Boko Haram camps in the Sambisa Forest. Weapons were also seized at the camps taken in the latest operation. The girls abducted from a school in Chibok in April 2014 were not among them.
The move apparently follows a request from Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu's office. It also comes ahead of a speech on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict by US Secretary of State John Kerry. On Friday, the US chose not to veto a UN Security Council resolution calling for an end to settlement construction.
Lasse Schone's penalty put Ajax ahead and Hakim Ziyech doubled the lead. Nicolai Brock-Madsen pulled a goal back for PEC Zwolle. Justin Kluivert came on as a 39th-minute substitute for the injured Amin Younes.
There were 96,910 residential transactions in the UK in June. That is a fall of 3.3% on May, and the lowest total since October 2016. Last summer's figures were depressed by the introduction of additional stamp duty. It is also the first time this year that the number of transactions has fallen below 100,000.
The Under-21s have won just one of their last seven games. They are currently 14th in the Championship. The team is currently without a win in their last eight games. The club's last win came in a 2-1 win over Wigan in the Capital One Cup.
La La Land is the follow up to Damien Chazelle's Oscar-winning film Whiplash. It stars Emma Stone as an aspiring actress who meets a jazz pianist. Raoul Peck won the People's Choice documentary award for I Am Not Your Negro. Pablo Larrain won the Platform prize for international directors for Jackie.
Firefighters from Eastleigh Mela in Hampshire created the giant Indian bread. It measured 3.79m (12ft 5in) by 1.4m (4ft 7in) and weighed 26kg (57lb 5oz) It beat the previous record of 9.5kg (20lb 15oz) cooked in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
The Royal Edinburgh Military Tattoo will pay tribute to the Queen. It will include a cast of more than 1,200 performers and over 250 pipers and drummers. The International Festival will stage a huge opening event on Sunday. Deep Time will see artwork projected onto the western faÃ§ade of Edinburgh Castle and Castle Rock.
The boy, from Lincolnshire, groomed some of the girls on Facebook. He encouraged them to send him photos of their breasts. His victims were five girls aged between 12 and 15. Judge Michael Heath said he regarded him as "dangerous" but would not impose an extended sentence because of his age.
Pope Francis has sought to stamp out corruption and other abuses at the bank, which handles the Church's funds. French financier Jean-Baptiste de Franssu will take over as head of the bank from Ernst von Freyberg. The bank will also eventually give up its investment activities to focus on serving religious orders and charities.
The YouGov poll for The Times suggests that in the final round of voting, Mr Corbyn would get 53% of support, six points ahead of Andy Burnham. The poll, of 1,054 people eligible to vote in the contest and carried out between Friday and Tuesday, pointed to a 6% Corbyn victory.
Amnesty would have applied to offences committed during the political turmoil after Thailand's 2006 coup. The bill's passage in the lower house triggered large street protests. The governing party withdrew its support from the bill and all 141 senators present voted against it. Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has promised to respect the Senate's decision.
JP Morgan's main offices in continental Europe are in Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. It also has operations in Paris, Milan, Madrid and Stockholm. Deutsche Bank said last week it could move up to 4,000 jobs out of the UK. Standard Chartered said it was in talks with German regulators about making Frankfurt its Europe base.
Holly Bradshaw sets new British women's pole vault record of 4.80m. Jonnie Peacock wins T44 men's 100m in 10.92 seconds. Asha Philip pipped Australian Sally Pearson to win the women's100m. Johnny Aikines impressed in the men's 200m with time of 22.48secs.
Overweight children eat similar food to healthy weight children but have bigger portions. University College, London report said parents may not realise how much young children should be eating or the dangers of them being overweight. Study looked at eating diaries parents kept for 2,564 children.
Nominating officer Michelle O'Neill said the DUP's actions had "diminished the credibility" of the political institutions. She said it was now "over to the people to have their say" and called on the DUP to back Sinn Fein's call for a 'no' vote.
Kadcyla is used to treat a specific type of tumour - HER2-positive. Currently, it is not approved for use on the NHS in Scotland. The Scottish Medicines Consortium is due to take evidence on Tuesday. Four women have launched a petition for it to be approved.
Dover Athletic beat Tranmere Rovers 4-1 in the National League. Aswad Thomas broke the deadlock for the hosts after 22 minutes. Andy Cook took his goals tally for the season to 10 with a brace. An own goal from Mitchell Walker and Ben Tollitt's fourth added late gloss to the scoreline.
Owen and Karl Oyston sued fan David Ragozzino for Â£150,000 over a post. The 32-year-old said he had "limited financial means" and feared what would happen should the Oystons win the case. Judge at Manchester Civil Justice Centre gave him 21 days to respond to the claim.
Team Sky's Chris Froome wins 20th stage of Tour de France. Spaniard Jon Izaguirre wins in four hours, six minutes and 45 seconds. Froome's lead over Romain Bardet of four minutes five seconds will not be tested on final stage in Paris.
The first half of the Glasgow School of Art was completed in 1909. It is now considered one of the most famous buildings in the world. The second half was completed last year and is known as the "Mackintosh" part of the building. It was named in honour of the architect of the day, Charles Mackintosh.
Dom Thomas joins Queens Park Rangers from Motherwell. The 20-year-old has made just seven first-team appearances for Well this season. He has spent the first half of the campaign on loan at Dumbarton. Motherwell boss Neil Naysmith thanks assistant James McFadden for letting him go.
Mr McIlhagga, 42, was killed by a masked gang outside a house in Ballymoney, County Antrim, on 3 January. The Ballymena man was beaten and shot in the leg and died from his injuries. The three men arrested on Wednesday are aged 24, 41 and 48.
The rig ran aground off Lewis during a storm on Monday while being transported to Malta. A 300m temporary exclusion zone has been put in place around Dalmore beach. The rig, which is carrying 280 tonnes of diesel oil, broke free from its tug during towing and severe weather prevented the line being reconnected.
The man had left the medals on a work surface to clean before leaving his home in Wootton Park, Bristol, only to find on his return that they had vanished. Among the collection was a bronze 1939-45 star, a bronze France and Germany star and a police long service medal. Avon and Somerset Police are appealing for help in tracing the items.
The debate came after a petition to restrict the use of fireworks attracted more than 100,000 names. The petition was started by Jill Cutsforth, from Beverley, East Yorkshire, and Julie Doorne, from Sleaford, Lincolnshire. Business minister Jo Johnson dismissed a ban and insisted current laws work well.
The two candidates are increasingly participating in a war of words over illegal immigration. Mr Cruz attacked Mr Rubio by name for his bipartisan work in the Senate to pass immigration reform in 2013. Mr Rubio fired back that he was "puzzled and surprised" by Mr Cruz's words.
The priest claims he was repeatedly raped by a priest when he was 16. He made the allegations to the Bishop of Sheffield, the Archbishop of York and two other bishops. None of them responded to his requests for help. A complaint has been made to West Yorkshire Police, who are investigating.
The British Horseracing Authority has invited applications from racecourses to stage fixtures on Good Friday for the first time from next year. Organiser of a Good Friday charity open day has called the proposal "greedy and selfish" Jockeys are concerned they will lose one of only four blank days in the racing calendar, and one which falls the day after their popular annual Lesters awards.
Welsh government says banning companies from procurement would be illegal. Women in Democracy Caucus wants more support for women AMs. Presiding Officer Rosemary Butler said women's voices were "not being heard" The report was produced to coincide with International Women's Day on Thursday.
Mesut Ozil is under contract with Arsenal until 2018. The German has been linked with a move away from the Emirates Stadium. Arsenal face Bayern Munich and Chelsea on their pre-season tour. The Gunners then travel to China for two friendlies in July.
Samy Amimour was one of three suicide attackers who killed 90 people. He was buried in a cemetery in Seine-Saint-Denis, where he grew up. Only a few people attended and the grave is unmarked. A total of 130 people were killed in the Islamist militant attacks in Paris.
Wade Ormsby of Australia leads by two shots. Tommy Fleetwood is tied for sixth, three strokes adrift. Defending champion Henrik Stenson of Sweden also carded a five-under-par 67. Garcia's Masters triumph in April was his first major title.
Ruweyda has a very strong type of anxiety called selective mutism. She's started taking a special music class which has helped her to speak at school. You can find out more about what anxiety is and how it can affect you by reading our guide, here.
The cargo ship SS Politician sank off Eriskay in Western Isles 75 years ago. Eight bottles of the whisky were recovered by a diver in 1987. The National Trust for Scotland has suggested that two bottles it has on the Isle of Canna could be added to these eight known bottles.
David Jacques, from the University of Buckingham, made the discovery at Blick Mead in October. But he also raised concerns about possible damage to the site over plans to build a road tunnel past Stonehenge. Department of Transport said it would "consult before any building"
The Centre for Economic Performance says a decline in trade would cost the economy "far more" than would be gained from lower EU contributions. Vote Leave has described the report's claims as "ridiculous" and lacking "credibility" The CEP says the assumptions about non-tariff barriers to trade in the report were "extremely pessimistic"
Wolves started brightly and Nouha Dicko gave them the lead, beating Rob Green with a low first-time shot on the run. The 24-year-old striker latched onto Ben Marshall's clever through-ball behind the defence and found the bottom corner before Green could set himself. "It's still a really good situation for us, we've got no time to feel sorry for ourselves, that doesn't get you anywhere"
Actress says she only found out how much less she was being paid when emails from Sony Pictures were hacked last year. "I didn't get mad at Sony. I got mad at myself. I failed as a negotiator because I gave up early," she said. She also opened up about how she is treated as a woman in Hollywood.
Simon Dredge suffered life-threatening injuries in the crash on Wednesday. He was travelling in the boat along with three other professional crew. Hampshire Constabulary said it appeared the powerboat "lost control" just before it collided with the Hamble Point cardinal mark. Eyewitnesses described seeing the high-powered vessel come out of the water "like a rocket" before flipping over.
Ponds on the surface of the Khumbu glacier in the Himalayas have expanded and joined together to form larger bodies of water. Scientists say the accelerated meltdown of glaciers in the region is causing concern against a backdrop of rising global temperatures. Such newly formed glacial lakes can overflow causing flooding, and with it loss of life and damage downstream.
More to come on this story. Follow us on Twitter @cnnireport and @CNNOpinion for the latest updates on the latest stories in the U.S. and around the world. Visit CNN.com/sport for more coverage of the 2014 Sochi Winter Olympics.
Mgr Lucio Vallejo Balda has been granted Christmas-time clemency. The priest was convicted in July of stealing documents from the Pope's desk. The leaked papers were cited in books that alleged corruption in the Catholic Church. A former colleague of the priest was given a 10-month suspended sentence.
"It is definitely high time for an LGBT character to be included in the Star Trek universe," Zachary Quinto, who plays Mr Spock, said. Star Trek creator Roddenberry "was a strong supporter of LGBT equality" but had always envisioned Sulu as heterosexual.
Labour's Sadiq Khan defeated Conservative Zac Goldsmith to become mayor. Khan came out on top in three constituencies that had voted for Boris Johnson in 2012. The SNP will retain its grip on government, after having claimed 59 of the 73 constituency seats up for grabs - up six on their 2011 result.
Iain Duncan Smith says reforms will save the taxpayer Â£50bn by the end of this Parliament. He said tougher criteria for people seeking disability allowances would "help and benefit" those who wanted to return to work. The Disabilities Trust charity said the reforms were part of a "triple whammy" of factors hitting disabled people.
IAAF awarded 2021 World Championships to Eugene without a bidding process. Gothenburg, which missed out, described the process as "bad ethics" But Eugene said it "adhered to all ethical and legal standards for organizing, presenting and advocating for our bid" French officials are already investigating corruption allegations involving former IAAF president Lamine Diack.
The Conservative Party is due to publish a new report on Heathrow expansion. The report is expected to be published by the end of the year. If the report is approved, the new runway will be built on the site of a former airfield. The current runway was built in the 1960s and 1970s.
Nathan Blissett scored his fourth goal in six games for Torquay. The Gulls are now 11 points off 20th-placed Boreham Wood with nine games left. Colin Gordon's side are four points from safety with a game in hand. CLICK HERE for all the latest from the Capital One Cup.
Myanmar's new government is set to be sworn in next week. The new cabinet will be made up of seven members. One of them is Kyaw Win, who has a fake PhD from a US university. He says he will no longer use the title 'Professor' on his CV.
Francis Rowntree was hit on the head by a rubber bullet in April 1972. The 11-year-old died in hospital several days later. The former Royal Anglian Regiment member who fired the bullet is known to the court as soldier B. Coroner Jim Kitson said his heart condition had to be a factor when deciding whether to compel him to give evidence.
The BBC said it will revert to its original Today at Wimbledon format. Last year's show saw presenters mingle with a live audience and included funny home-video clips. Mounting public criticism forced the corporation to tweak its format halfway through the tournament, eventually removing the studio audience altogether.
Homeowners own the boundary wall along the River Arun at Arundel, West Sussex. It gave way in January after high tides and heavy rainfall. Their insurers have refused to pay for repairs and the Environment Agency said it is the owners' responsibility. Local MP Nick Herbert described it as a "deeply unsatisfactory situation"
David Annett, 38, of Church Road, Dromara pleaded guilty at Craigavon Crown Court to a total of four charges. He admitted defrauding the First Trust Bank, two counts of theft and transferring over £110,000 of property out of his employer's business account. In August 2012, Annett went into Lurgan police station to admit responsibility.
Manchester United beat Hull City 1-0 at the KCOM Stadium. Substitute Marcus Rashford scored the winner in the second half. United and Chelsea are now the only Premier League sides with a 100% record from three games. Hull's 100% start to the season is over.
Bauza, 59, was appointed in August and guided his side to three wins, two draws and three defeats. La Albiceleste are fifth in the 10-team South American qualifying group. Finishing fifth would mean a play-off against a team from Oceania. They last failed to qualify for a World Cup in 1970.
She was one of the last surviving members of staff from the Nazi hierarchy. Her job brought her into close contact with Joseph Goebbels. She was captured by Soviet troops at the end of World War Two. She spent the following five years in detention camps, before rejoining German broadcasting in 1950.
Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says Russia has not provided "any real explanation" Russia says Saturday's incursion was brief and due to bad weather. It is examining claims of another violation. Turkey's army also says an unidentified fighter jet locked its radar on to eight of its jets.
Swansea beat Everton 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Fernando Llorente scored the only goal of the game at the Liberty Stadium. The result sees Swansea climb out of the bottom three with two games to play. Swansea boss Paul Clement says it is a shame they cannot bring all the fans.
The blast tore through the crowded Jameela market in the predominantly Shia district of Sadr City. The Sunni jihadist group, Islamic State, said it was behind the bombing and that it targeted Shia militiamen. Meanwhile, medics say more than 20 civilians died when bombs dropped by Iraqi air force hit a maternity and children's hospital in Falluja.
Cheryl Cope, 51, was admitted to hospital with flu-like symptoms. She died from sepsis, a potentially life-threatening condition. Coroner says it is not possible to say if she would have survived if she had been treated earlier. The coroner has not made a recommendation for new treatment.
Gary Price was suspended from all council duties for five months in November. Powys council's Standards Committee ruled he had breached the code of conduct. His appeal has been dismissed by the Adjudication Panel for Wales following a two-day hearing in Llandrindod Wells.
The Outstanding British Contribution to Cinema award is handed out every year. The award is presented by the British Academy of Film and Television Arts (BAFTA) and the British Film Institute (BFI) The award ceremony will take place at the Royal Albert Hall in London on February 12.
The Iron are currently sixth in the National League, one point and one place outside the play-off spots. Barrow extended their unbeaten league run to nine games with the victory. Braintree's losing run extended to three games, but Cowley remained positive. "What we've done so far has been nothing short of remarkable," he continued.
Kirsten Kuznetsov beats Maria Sharapova 6-1, 6-4. Kuznetsova had taken the lead in the first set but lost it in the second. The victory was the first for the Russian in the tournament since 2010. She has now won six matches in a row in the event.
Downing Street backed a report by think tank Policy Exchange which said selling high value homes when they become vacant would raise £4.5bn a year. Labour said new homes were urgently needed but "driving out hard-working families on low wages from whole neighbourhoods" was not the answer.
Guernsey won gold in 2011, the last time table tennis was included in the sports programme for the Island Games. Alice Loveridge won her women's singles match and teamed up with Dawn Morgan and Garry Dodd for doubles wins. Jonathan De La Haye took top spot in the men's individual sport trap, beating Dan Bishop of the Isle of Wight.
ITV shares rose 1.3% after the broadcaster said it had appointed EasyJet's boss Carolyn McCall. Carillion shares leapt 19% on the news it was part of a consortium granted HS2 contracts by the government. Weir Group said revenue and operating profit for the full-year were set to beat expectations.
Manchester City face Barcelona in the Champions League next week. City have gone three games without a win in the Premier League. Ronald Koeman says Barca are the best team he has played against in his career. Manchester City drew 1-1 with Everton at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday.
Lord Sugar says previous Apprentice winners have turned into great business people. He says the BBC need to do a programme on where they are now. Lord Sugar says he believes "the freshness of the contestants" keeps the show relevant. The new series of The Apprentice begins on 6 October on BBC One.
Jules Bianchi remains in a coma nine months after his crash in Suzuka. His father Philippe says there has been "no significant progress" since the accident. The 25-year-old remains in hospital in his home city of Nice. He joined Marussia in 2013 and raced in 34 grands prix.
The body of Waldek Mural, 57, was discovered by a member of the public. Grzegorz Kowalczyk, 41, from Headingley, appeared at Leeds Magistrates' Court. He was remanded in custody to appear at the city's crown court on Tuesday.
Oil gushed through the streets and caught fire, destroying homes and cars. Puebla State Secretary Valentin Meneses said the explosion injured 52 people. He said that according to early indications, a criminal gang had punctured the pipeline. Mexican President Felipe Calderon has visited the scene and promised to launch an investigation.
Jamie Cox was sentenced to 26 weeks in prison for common assault. The WBO European super-middleweight champion's conviction was suspended. The 29-year-old is currently ranked number four in the world. He is also a Commonwealth Games light welterweight champion.
St Michael's Church in Munslow, Shropshire, will receive more than £100,000. The Grade I listed building needs work to its roof and stonework. The rest of the work will be carried out over the next three years. The work is needed to make the building safe and secure for visitors.
Syrian state media says toxic gas was contained in shells that rebels have been firing at government-held areas in Aleppo. Russian news agency Interfax says seven people died and more than 20 were hospitalised after Tuesday's attack. There has been no independent confirmation of the claim. About a quarter of a million civilians are living under siege since government forces cut them off last month.
Andy Murray beats Argentina's Juan Martin Del Potro in men's singles final. Murray wins 7-5, 4-6, 6-2, 7- 5 to become Britain's fifth gold medalist. Kei Nishikori beats Rafael Nadal to claim bronze medal for Japan.
Arthur came into the studio for a live interview with his owner who has written a book about it. He wouldn't sit still and left the sofa to explore the studio. Here are his best bits. Click here to read the full interview with Arthur's owner, who is also writing a book.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on their first official tour of Canada. They are staying at Government House, also known as Rideau Hall, in Ottawa. Prince William gave a speech in English and French, Canada's official language. The couple will visit seven cities on their nine-day visit, before heading to the US.
The service began carrying Babypods for emergency missions in 2013. The new incubators will attach to existing equipment in the helicopter, providing warmth and oxygen. They also have a transparent chamber, allowing babies to be monitored during flights. At a cost of Â£70,000 each, they have been bought by NHS Wales.
The bird, which is named LM12, arrived on Thursday. It is the earliest reappearance of a resident bird there in almost 50 years. Its mate LF15 is expected soon at the Scottish Wildlife Trust reserve near Dunkeld. The pair fledged three chicks in both 2015 and 2016.
Hesmondhalgh said she was proud to have "given a voice" to rape victims in the eight-part crime serial. She made the announcement at the Dorset Rape Crisis charity screening of the show's final episode in Bridport, Dorset, on Monday evening. The charity said it was "excited" she had agreed to take the position.
Review of how Thomas Cook dealt with the deaths of Bobbi and Christi Shepherd in 2006 shows how the tragedy was compounded by the company's reaction. Report says that the "destination management" process saw its role as the "maximisation of revenue for the minimum of cost" This can lead to tensions and a "misalignment of goals"
Joey Barton has been told he will return to full-time training. The 34-year-old has been absent from the club since a training-ground row after the 5-1 Scottish Premiership loss at Celtic on 10 September. Barton is also facing Scottish FA charges for breaching betting rules.
This year's tournament was the first since 2008. Tiger Woods won the tournament in 2006. The tournament was held in Sheffield, England. It is the first time a European Tour event has been held in the city. It was also the second time the tournament had been held there.
The 27-year-old is unattached after leaving the Hornets in July. Johnson has two senior international caps for Sweden. The former Udinese man initially joined the Hornets on loan in 2012, before signing on a free transfer in July 2013, making 100 appearances in total.
Chris Rea is a multi-million album-selling, car-themed singer-songwriter. He was in charge of Eddie Irvine's right-rear tyre at the 1995 Monaco Grand Prix. Rea was given access to footage of F1 legend Wolfgang von Trips in his home town of Cologne.
Two brothers believed to be mid-ranking al-Qaeda officials died in a drone strike in south Yemen on Thursday. Attack came just days after al- Qaeda chief Osama Bin Laden was killed in Pakistan by US Navy Seals. Pentagon refused to comment on reports that Anwar al-Awlaki was specifically targeted in Yemen.
Mark Mason, 48, from Rhyl, died after being stabbed at the town's Home Bargains car park on 27 October 2016. James Davies, 20, from Liverpool, denies murder and malicious wounding with intent. Anthony Baines, 30, and Mark Ennis, 30,. deny the same charges. Jake Melia, 21, has admitted all charges.
The Joiners Arms, in Hackney Road, east London, shut in 2015. Regal Homes wants to build nine flats on the site, incorporating a bar. It has said it will give an LGBT operator first refusal on a 12-year lease. Tower Hamlets Council imposed the condition after the area lost 73% of its LGBT venues since 2006.
The three boxers did not attempt to manipulate an event at the Rio Games. The Olympic Council of Ireland and British Olympic Association were also sanctioned with a reprimand. The trio violated the Rio 2016 Rules on the Prevention of the Manipulation of Competitions. The IOC said the trio must successfully follow the IOC education programme to be eligible for Toyko.
He is the most high-profile minister to declare for out so far. Mr Gove said the EU had "proved a failure on so many fronts" He said: "I believe our country would be freer, fairer and better off outside the EU" PM has warned that leaving the European Union would be a "leap in the dark"
Harold Biles was the chief engine room artificer on board the Hebe. The Hebe crossed the Channel to Dunkirk three times between 27 May and 4 June. The German bombardment, the trauma and the fatigue were taking a toll on the crew of HMS Hebe, and no doubt other ships involved in the evacuation. Biles: "This was the greatest blow which sometimes I feel to this day"
Bill Lord sets aside Â£3,500 from his annual budget to pay for the extra holiday for everyone at Long Sutton Primary School in Spalding. He said it was about both recruiting and keeping "fantastic teachers in front of children" A 'duvet day' is an absence which is approved by the employer with no reason given.
Putin said the ruling was "cynical" and "humiliates those who take such decisions" Only Russian track and field athletes were banned from the Olympics. Putin said the country would hold special competitions for banned Paralympic athletes, with the winners awarded the same prizes as in Rio.
Crickhowell High School approached Powys council offering to manage the town's library. It would mean the service can meet its local savings target. The library would stay in its Silver Street location, and the handover would be seamless with no disruption to the public.
The magnitude-7.3 quake hit at a depth of 10km (six miles) in Kyushu region. A village has been evacuated after a dam collapsed, media reports say. A tsunami warning was issued, and lifted some 50 minutes later. Japan is regularly hit by earthquakes but stringent building codes mean they rarely cause significant damage.
Crews from Greater Manchester Fire and Rescue Service attended the scene. Firefighters remained at the scene until after 05:30 BST on Wednesday. The cause of the fire is still under investigation, says the fire service. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Johnny McGurk, 49, appeared in court in County Londonderry accused of theft from quarry firm Patrick Bradley Ltd. He won an All-Ireland football championship and All-Star award in 1993. The accountant was released on bail and will appear in court again on 19 November.
The £1.2m facility serves Llandaff North and Gabalfa. It is on the site of the area's old library and day centre. It houses a library, advice services, children's area, IT suite and a community cafe. The facility will be opened on Tuesday.
Nato insists it took unprecedented care to minimise civilian casualties. It argues that it cannot take responsibility because it has had no presence on the ground to confirm the deaths. The point of the Nato air campaign in Libya last year was to protect civilians, so how many innocent people died is still a sensitive issue.
symposium was due to be held at Queen's University in Belfast in June. Vice chancellor Patrick Johnston said he had made the decision on Monday. He cited concerns about the security risk for delegates and about the reputation of the university.Twelve people died when two brothers, Said and Cherif Kouachi, fired on the journalists on 7 January at the satirical magazine's offices in Paris.
The 80ft (24.3m) structure will be located on a raised part of the seafront in Redcar. It will have a viewing platform, a studio, galleries and a cafe. Work is due to start on the town's sea defences in early 2011.
The 31-year-old won the 13.1-mile race in 59 minutes, 32 seconds. The world record of 58:23 was set by Eritrea's Zersenay Tadese in the 2010 edition of the Lisbon race. David Weir and Shelly Woods continued their preparations for the London Marathon.
UN envoy says cessation of hostilities is holding "by and large" But it is not clear who will attend indirect talks in Geneva on Monday. Humanitarian access and ceasefire violations will not be on the agenda. UN High Commissioner for Human Rights Zeid Raad Al Hussein says international system has failed Syria.
The Adcocks are the reigning European and Commonwealth champions. The World Championships run from 21-27 August in Glasgow. GB Badminton was hit with the "devastating" news late last year that it would lose all UK Sport support leading towards the 2020 Games.
The 19-year-old man was arrested after the incident at Killylea Road. He was detained on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and criminal damage. The teenager has since been released on bail pending further inquiries. The incident happened in the early hours of Tuesday morning.
Women can serve in front line positions in the US military, but they are barred from ground combat units. The lawsuit filed in a federal court in San Francisco argues that the policy is unconstitutional. A Pentagon spokesman said 14,500 combat positions had been opened to women under the current defence secretary.
No pope had resigned for 600 years. The two popes visit each other occasionally and communicate fairly frequently by telephone and letter. The 86-year-old former pope spends his time very quietly: reading, praying, studying, handling correspondence. He also plays Mozart and Beethoven on the baby grand piano that he brought with him.
Yn ôl y corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal, mae nifer yn ymladd i gadw fynd ac yn wynebu argyfwng recriwtio wrth i ysbytai ac archfarchnadoedd gystadlu am weithwyr.
Suffolk Fire Service investigating why all on-call fire fighters were not alerted. The 15-minute response time missed the target of 11 minutes. Suffolk County Council is considering making Â£1m cuts to the fire service's annual budget by 2016/17.
Wales have not beaten the All Blacks in 26 matches since 1953. The world champions are undefeated at Eden Park since 1994. Warburton returns to the ground for the first time since being sent off in the 2011 World Cup semi-final defeat by France. Steve Hansen's side are favourites to win the three-Test series.
The away side had the first chance of note, but Joe Healy sent his long-range thunderbolt wide 12 minutes in. Andy Cook found the side netting from Liam Ridehalgh's cross at the other end. Rovers were awarded a penalty three minutes after the break when Connor Jennings was brought down in the box. James Norwood failed to convert as former Brighton goalkeeper Mitch Walker denied him.
Grimsby broke the deadlock when Bolarinwa took advantage of a slip from Accrington's Omar Beckles to slot the ball home. Accrington came out well for the restart and went close to pulling level, but Grimsby goalkeeper Dean Henderson blocked Billy Kee's shot. As the visitors chased the game, top-scorer Omar Bogle set up Chambers and after touching the ball past the last defender, he slammed home the Mariners' second.
Returning officers ordered to physically deliver paper copies of their constituency's tallies to the counting centre in the capital. Uhuru Kenyatta, who faces trial at the International Criminal Court, has been leading in early presidential results. He is due to stand trial at The Hague next month for allegedly fuelling violence after the disputed 2007 election.
The banned cult was responsible for a deadly sarin nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995, which killed 13 people and injured 5,000. Russian prosecutors say the cult has been pressurising people for donations. They suspect it has up to 30,000 followers in Russia. Forty-four Russians expelled from Montenegro are also being investigated.
London Marathon winner Sumgong, 31, finished in two hours 24 minutes four seconds to end a run of three straight silvers in the event for Kenya.Ethiopia's world champion Mare Dibaba took the bronze medal as race favourite Tigist Tufa pulled out before the halfway mark.GB's Alyson Dixon and Sonia Samuels finished 28th and 30th respectively.
Bert Davidson, from Hopeman, near Elgin, had not seen his 1929 Humber since he sold it nearly 60 years ago. But a few years ago he was contacted by Robin Wills - whose father had owned the saloon car in the 1960s and 70s. Mr Wills has since restored the dilapidated car to its former glory.
Pavey becomes the oldest female gold medallist in the championships' history. Mother of two only gave birth to her younger child Emily 11 months ago. France's Clemence Calvin hangs on for silver and her compatriot Laila Traby takes bronze. All three of the British men made it safely through to Wednesday's semi-finals of the 100m.
Jonathan Bell had been removed from office by the DUP as part of the rolling resignation scheme in response to a Stormont crisis. The crisis was sparked in September 2015. It centred around allegations that IRA members had murdered Kevin McGuigan. The DUP responded by saying it could not be business as usual at Stormont.
Peter Morgan was infatuated with and hoped to build a future with Georgina Symonds. He housed her rent-free in a bungalow he owned and gave her cash-in-hand. He planted a listening device in her home which he nicknamed "Isobel" Morgan pleaded not guilty to murder, pleading diminished responsibility due to Asperger syndrome.
Phillip Hughes died after being hit by a bouncer in a Sheffield Shield match. The 25-year-old was wearing a Masuri helmet at the time of his death. The company has introduced a "stemguard" to provide extra protection at the rear. A patent for the new helmet is pending.
Bu farw Sophie Taylor, 22, ar ôl i'w char daro bloc o fflatiau yn ardal Adamsdown ym mis Awst y llynedd. Bu farw Melissa Pesticcio, 23 o Lanrhymni, yn euog o achosi ei marwolaeth trwy yrru'n beryglus, ac fe gafodd ei charcharu am chwe mlynedd a hanner ddydd Gwener. Buy farw Michael Wheeler, 22 o Dremorfa, oedd
Millwall beat Bradford City 1-0 in the Football League play-off semi-final second leg. Lee Gregory scored the only goal of the game at The Den. The Lions will face Barnsley in the final at Wembley on 29 May. The Championship side beat Walsall 6-1 over two legs in the other semi.
William Johnston, of Walsham-le-Willows, Suffolk, admitted dumping the rubbish. The 44-year-old admitted the whole episode was "hugely embarrassing" and "regrettable" Police said it was a "potential danger to motorists and other members of the public"
The skin of fish-scale geckos is specially adapted to tearing. The large scales are attached only by a relatively narrow region that tears with ease. beneath the scales there is a pre-formed splitting zone within the skin itself. The new species was discovered in the Tsingy cave formations of northern Madagascar.
The fine is the largest in China's corporate history. Firm will now charge royalties based on 65% of the selling price of phones in China, instead of on the entire price. China's expanding high-speed 4G network is driving demand in the world's largest smartphone market.
Cape Verde top Group F after beating Sao Tome e Principe and Libya. Only mini-league winners are guaranteed places at the finals in Gabon. Nigeria and Egypt in Group G and Cameroon and South Africa in Group M. Alex Iwobi will be fit to play for the Super Eagles after falling ill.
Aberdeen's Graeme Shinnie was a notable absentee from the national coach's two separate squads named for friendlies against Czech Republic and Denmark. Celtic's 18-year-old left-back Kieran Tierney was one of six players - including Aberdeen midfielder Kenny McLean - to be called into a Scotland squad for the first time.
The track's release date was brought forward by five weeks after a cover version by X Factor's Fleur East topped the iTunes chart. Ronson thanked "boy wonder" Bruno Mars, who features on the track, "without whom there would be no jam".Ed Sheeran, who scores a 10th week at the top of the album charts, fell to number two in the singles chart.
In 27 authorities, fewer than a quarter of pupils in this age group are taking A-levels in their council area. In contrast, Harrow has 74% of pupils studying for A- Levels in schools in the borough, and it's 71% in Darlington. Department for Education says the figures are "misleading" because pupils could be studying A-level in schools elsewhere.
Coronation Street, which celebrates 50 years on the screen in December, picked up a special honorary award. Emmerdale took the titles for best soap actor, Danny Miller, who plays mechanic Aaron Livesy, and best soap newcomer Adam Thomas. Ashes To Ashes was named best drama while best new drama went to hit US musical comedy Glee.
About 2,000 plants were found behind the former Blockbuster premises in Kirkgate. Inside the buildings were several crops of cannabis at various stages of growth. Police are appealing for information about vans being loaded or unloaded around the premises. It is going to take us the best part of two days to remove what's in there, police say.
The 20-year-old was born in Sri Lanka but has lived in the UK for eight years. She was arrested on Tuesday and taken to a detention centre. A petition has been launched to stop her deportation. The Home Office said each case is considered on its own merits.
Welsh government says it has no plans to stop students from taking part in the scheme. The scheme allows students to take part if they pay a fee of up to £20,000. The fee is paid for by the government, not the students. The government says the scheme is not being used to pay for students' education.
Two men tried to smuggle MDMA from Canada to San Francisco. One of the men fired a weapon at border agents. Two others were arrested and charged with drug possession and distribution. The two men were carrying a total of 58lb (26kg) of ecstasy, authorities say.
The section, measuring about 32ft (10m) by 13ft (4m), was spotted on 26 November. SpaceX representatives have been trying to dispose of the wreckage. The material is from the first stage of a mission to the International Space Station. The National Space Centre in Leicester said it had been "desperate" to keep it.
The 30-year-old complained about her portrayal in the media as a partying child-killer. She was convicted of lying to police but acquitted of murder. Anthony was dubbed "America's most hated mom" amid reports she went to nightclubs and got a tattoo in the month her daughter was missing.
Kaesong was one of the last points of co-operation between the two Koreas. The North reacted to the shutdown by expelling all South Koreans from the complex. It has also vowed to cut key communication hotlines with the South. The South estimates about 616bn Korean won had been paid to the North over the years.
Clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so they are available for testing at all times. City failed to ensure their information was accurate on three occasions. The punishment was imposed following an independent regulatory commission hearing, with the club also warned about future conduct.
Jamie Chapman, 28, of Smith's Wood, Solihull, is facing 15 charges. He was remanded in custody at Birmingham Magistrates' Court. Mr Chapman is due at Birmingham Crown Court on 9 December. Police said there was no evidence to suggest any inappropriate contact between him and children at the nursery.
Figures indicate that 15% of people were very concerned while 37% were fairly concerned, about their spending. The average cost in the area is expected to be £497.23, the highest after North Yorkshire at £508.82. The figures also suggest 13% could resort to borrowing, more than twice the level in other areas.
England finish second in Group B after 0-0 draw with Slovakia. Roy Hodgson made six changes from the team that beat Wales. Jack Wilshere, Raheem Sterling and Daniel Sturridge all left out. England now face either Hungary, Portugal, Iceland or Austria in last 16.
Amelia Welch, 20, was born with a congenital malformation in her right hand. She was partying with friends in Plymouth on Friday when she lost her hand. The cosmetic prosthetic cost about Â£3,000 and has very little movement. She thinks she could have left it in a nightclub and forgot to pick up.
Neville was sacked by Valencia on Wednesday after less than four months. Ayestaran was formerly Rafael Benitez's assistant at Valencia and Liverpool. The 53-year-old said he was "grateful" for the chance to steer Valencia away from relegation. His brother Phil, part of the coaching staff, has been retained.
Staffordshire bull terrier Ziggy was found in remote woodland near Wansford in Peterborough on Wednesday morning. The two-year-old dog had been deliberately shot. X-rays showed the weapon had just missed his skull and vital organs. It is thought Ziggy only survived by moving his head "at the right time"
Details of a major hack emerged last week, but officials have now given details of a potential second breach. It is feared that the attack could leave US security personnel or their families open to blackmail. A 127-page vetting document called Standard Form 86 may have been accessed.
Bundesbank says the state pension system is in good financial health at present. But as baby-boomers retire, there will be fewer younger workers to replace them, it says. It is therefore proposing pushing the retirement age up to 69 by 2060, from around 65 now.
Tom Woolstencroft joins Bath from Cornish Pirates on a season-long loan. The 21-year-old hooker has represented England at Under-16 and Under-18 level. He made his Bath senior debut against London Welsh in November 2014. Marcus Garratt, also 21, has spent two seasons with Cornish.
Lizzie Armistead was the highest-placed Briton, in 18th, on the 140km ride from Atherstone to Stratford-Upon-Avon. The 27-year-old reigning world, Commonwealth and national road race champion took the Best British Rider jersey.
The motorway was closed to Belfast-bound traffic between junction nine at Moira and junction eight at Blaris. One driver took 76 minutes to travel between Lurgan and Moira. Traffic diversions were in place during a clean-up operation to remove debris from the motorway.
A capacity crowd of about 12,000 will attend the show at the First Direct Arena in Leeds on Sunday, 15 December. The programme will follow on from last year's awards where Sir Bradley Wiggins was crowned 2012 Sports Personality. The show went on the road in 2006, taking in Birmingham, Liverpool, Sheffield, Manchester and London.
First and deputy first ministers used powers under what is known as the Royal Prerogative of Northern Ireland to appoint a new press secretary. The move has been criticised by the Ulster Unionist Party. The Northern Ireland Executive Office said the appointment was made in accordance with the powers at the disposal of the first ministers.
Two youths were hurt when the fire flared up in their faces. One youth was taken to hospital for treatment. Overall, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was a successful Bonfire Night with officers attending 144 fires across the east of the country. Officers in Fife and Edinburgh said they were also pleased with the relatively low level of incidents.
ATP chief executive Chris Kermode is about to launch a major review of men's tennis. The review comes after another successful sell-out World Tour Finals at London's O2 Arena. The finals will stay in London until 2018, beyond the original 2016 deadline. Barclays will pull out after the end of 2016, as it cuts back its sport sponsorship.
Recent storms have eroded the cliffs below where the village was located. There are fears further erosion will mean it will be lost in the sea. The National Trust is at Rhossili on Saturday, searching for remnants of the village.Robert Francis-Davies, chairman of Gower Landscape Partnership, said it would be "a coup" to find the remains.
Scarlets move into sixth place in the Pro12 table. Aaron Shingler, Jonathan Evans and DTH van der Merwe scored tries for Scarlets. Blaine Scully scored only try for Cardiff Blues. Rhys Patchell set up Hadleigh Parkes for second try.
Iran denies it has deployed any combat troops in Syria. But a week before the offensive began, it was reported that hundreds of Iranian troops had arrived in Syria in preparation for an imminent assault on rebel-held areas. Iran also announced the deaths of four high-ranking officers from the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps.
Miguel Angel Jimenez is in a six-way share of second place. Poulter completed the remaining four holes of his second round in one under. The 38-year-old is 33-under-par for his last six rounds at the Maxx Royal course.
Election hustings have been one of the big successes of this general election. There have been a record number of them held in churches, according to research by one Christian charity. The debates and exchanges are close up and often personal. They often highlight issues that are just overlooked in the "noise" of national campaigning.
Swansea and Pembrokeshire bid to inherit title from Hull in 2021. City of Culture is awarded by the UK government every four years. Winning city gets to host high-profile national events such as the Turner Prize for contemporary art and Radio 1's Big Weekend. Department of Culture Media and Sport considering 11 bids for 2021.
Lloyds is on trajectory to return to full private ownership later this year. The government still owns nearly 6%, but global investor Blackrock now eclipses that. The huge compensation costs of PPI mis-selling and intermittent market turbulence have hampered and delayed the process, but Lloyds can be considered pretty much out of the woods.
Chan-hom first hit Zhejiang province on an island near the city of Ningbo at around 16:40 (08:40 GMT) One village received more than 400mm (16in) of rain, the National Meteorological Center said. No deaths or injuries were reported in the region by Saturday evening, state news agency Xinhua said.
Work shows that DNA and its chemical cousin RNA are not unique in their ability to encode information and to pass it on through heredity. The work is promising for future "synthetic biology" and biotechnology efforts. It also hints at the idea that if life exists elsewhere, it could be bound by evolution but not by similar chemistry.
Kenya is walking dangerously close to the "mass grave" it dug for itself in 2008, following the disputed election of 2007. The political and ethnic violence that ensued claimed the lives of more than 1,000 Kenyans and forced hundreds of thousands to flee their homes. In the last year, social media has continued to light up with hate speech.
The latest arrests brought the number detained since August to almost 700. They came after the US Army was ordered to allow the construction of the final section of the Dakota Access Pipeline. Native Americans and their supporters have protested against the project for months, and have vowed to fight on. The $3.7bn pipeline is designed to transport about 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day across four states.
Seven-year-old Yamato Tanooka was found in a military training base near Shikabe in Hokkaido. His parents initially said he had got lost, but eventually admitted briefly abandoning him for being naughty. His father has apologised to his son and rescuers, saying "we went too far"
Doncaster-based L/Bdr Parkinson has had thousands of requests on Facebook. But the site limits friend associations to 5,000 per personal page. Facebook would not comment on the issue but their guidance was that if people were receiving this many requests then they have become a public figure.
The 19-year-old striker has appeared three times for Newcastle's first team. He was named the Under-21 Premier League's player of the month for September. Toney came through the Cobblers' youth ranks and scored 13 goals in 60 senior games, and is also the youngest player to represent Northampton.
Aweys Faqey, from North London, was arrested at the airport on 23 May. He is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Tuesday. His arrest is not connected to last week's suicide bomb attack at Manchester Arena, Scotland Yard said after he was detained.
Dale Arnold, 32, died in hospital after being stabbed in Kelloe, near Durham City. Josh Johnson, 19, had been charged with murder, but admitted to the lesser charge of manslaughter. Johnson, from Ushaw Moor, is due to return to the court on 20 December.
The ring used backpackers and vehicles to smuggle marijuana, cocaine and heroin across Arizona's western desert. The network was linked to Mexico's Sinaloa cartel and generated an estimated $2 billion in profit over the last five years. More than 30 tons of marijuana, 90kg of cocaine and 72kg (160lbs) of heroin were seized.
Yates, 19, spent time on loan at both Barrow and Shrewsbury last term. He is the second Forest midfielder to join Kevin Nolan's Magpies. Jorge Grant made the move last month to join Notts County. Nicky Hunt is also among arrivals ahead of Saturday's season opener at Coventry.
The Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, held $47 trillion (Â£30tn) in private wealth last year. North America is the world's richest region with $51tn, but is expected to be surpassed by Asia in 2016.Overall, global private financial wealth grew by nearly 12% last year to $164tn.
Tessa Banks, 33, denied making or knowingly having the device. But a jury found her guilty of the charge at the end of a three day trial. The alarm was raised by a friend of Banks, who told police she had been shown the device and was concerned over what might happen. A bomb disposal expert travelled from Edinburgh to make the device safe.
The airport and the al-Ghazlani base are on the western side of the Tigris river. The airport's runway has been destroyed by IS, but it still has value, our correspondent says. IS continued to fire mortars at the airport from further inside the city.
Fosun is offering 451m euros (Â£355m; $580m) for the business. The bid is higher than two rival offers from Portuguese healthcare firm Jose de Mello Saude and Mexico's Grupo Angeles. The Chinese firm is run by billionaire Guo Guangchang, who has been likened to US investment legend Warren Buffett.
Watch Panorama: 'Can You Cure My Cancer?' on BBC One on 11 February  at 21.00 GMT or later on the BBC iPlayer. One in two cancer patients will live at least a decade, and that proportion is increasing each year. Scientists are trying to keep pace with cancer resistance.
Derbyshire made 255-6 in 92 overs in pursuit of second place. Captain Daryl Mitchell scored 67 as he completed 1,000 first-class runs. Ben Cotton picked up 3-46 on his firstteam recall for Derbyshire. The visitors have not managed a Championship away victory this season.
Saracens begin defence of their Premiership title against Worcester on Saturday. They became the first team in the competition's history to win all nine games. Head coach Richard Cockerill says the team is looking forward to the challenge. He says they are looking to build on last year's success, which was their best ever.
Barry Pring, 47, was killed by a speeding car as he tried to hail a taxi in Kiev. His wife, Ganna Ziuzina, had returned to a restaurant for a missing glove. She tried to claim his assets within days of his death. The couple met online in 2006 and were married in 2007.
All the papers report on the prospect of a Linfield v Celtic match if Linfield make the Champions League qualifier at Windsor Park on 11 July. A&E consultants are being offered Â£1,500 a night to stay on call at a 4-star hotel for the "crisis-hit" department. A Catholic priest's plans for a speedier Mass to stop parishioners "nodding off"
Jenny asks expert, Zoe Wilcox, to reveal the secret to spotting a Shakespeare script. How do they know that he wrote it? How do you spot a Shakespeare play? What do you think? Let us know in the comments below or on Twitter @CNNOpinion.
Doctors have begun the process of waking the woman who suffered head injuries in a motorbike accident on 10 May. She had been teaching English to underprivileged children when the accident happened. It is understood that a long skirt she was wearing got caught in the wheel of the motorbike and pulled her off.
Roedd Aelod Cynulliad Plaid Cymru dros yr etholaeth, Elin Jones, wedi cyhoeddi llun o'r hysbyseb ar ei thudalen Facebook, gan fynnu nad oedd yn wir. Yn dilyn hynny dywedodd Mark Williams, ymgeisydd y Democratiaid Rhyddfrydol yng Ngheredigion, fod yr hys byseb yn "nonsens" a'i fod bellach wedi ei
Moore has not put a timescale on his return to the saddle. The three-time champion jockey will miss York's four-day Ebor Festival. The major autumn races include the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe, British Champions Day and the Breeders' Cup.
The landowner applied for 18 all-year pitches, parking and toilets on land on the A158 off the Burgh le Marsh bypass. East Lindsey District Council's planning committee said the site near Skegness was too rural and not "well connected" Opponents said an influx of new people could strain schools and doctors' surgeries.
Prosecutors say about €12m (£10.4m; $13.5m) was spent on hotels, fine clothes, entertainment and travel. Mr Rato resigned as head of Bankia shortly before its near-collapse in 2012. Bankia was rescued in 2012 at huge public expense.
The bronze figure of the Northern Irishman, crafted by Dublin sculptor Paul Ferrier, was unveiled in front of racegoers at the course on Tuesday. The 42-year-old rode 31 winners at the Festival, including two Gold Cups and three Champion Hurdle successes. His final victory came at his last appearance at the meeting in 2015.
Mr Smith spent ten years in prison for his role in the shooting of a Catholic in 1972. After his released from prison, Mr Smith became a member of the PUP. He later served as the chairman of the party and was part of the negotiating team around the Good Friday Agreement. Former PUP leader Brian Ervine: "It's very, very sad that Plum has passed on"
Federations must rule on whether Russians can compete in Rio following the country's doping scandal. More than 110 of the 387-strong Russian team have been banned from the Games. The final line-up will be announced on 30-31 July, according to the Russian Olympic Committee.
President Mursi was elected in June in the country's first freely contested leadership vote. The meeting was described by officials as good and candid. The US administration is slowly learning to work with groups that Washington has shunned in the past. Mrs Clinton will meet the head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces on Sunday.
Matt Wilmot, 40, was found by police after reports of concern for his welfare. He was pronounced dead at the scene, in Devon Road, Luton. The father-of-two had been walking home from Dunstable, where he had been watching the FA Cup Final on Saturday afternoon.
Kremlin accuses Nato of stoking tensions by expanding eastwards. Kaliningrad is a Russian exclave sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania. Nato said the move "does not help to lower tensions or restore predictability" Russia said the deployment was part of military exercises and had happened before.
The 23-year-old has agreed a two-year deal, with the option of a third year. He will link up with the Super League club for pre-season in November. Hopkins joined the Centurions from amateur club Leigh East and has been a regular for the Championship side since 2011.
Lenell John-Lewis opened the scoring in the first half. Oxford equalised through Pat Hoban in the 72nd minute. Newport stay in 21st position, but are unbeaten in eight league and cup games under manager John Sheridan. Oxford remain second, two points behind Plymouth.
GP Live was developed by Aberdeen University and uses streaming software to enter the consultation room. Researchers hope it will encourage more students to join general practice and help ease a recruitment crisis. The software will stream consultations just moments after they happen in an effort to give students a flavour of life as a GP.
Documentary Side By Side looks at the transition from film to digital formats. Keanu Reeves, Martin Scorsese, David Fincher, James Cameron and George Lucas all feature. Reeves and director Chris Kenneally say they were conscious about making the film for a mainstream audience.
It looked into the lens at Abergynolwyn Station, in Gwynedd, on the world's oldest passenger-carrying narrow-gauge line. The phrase "photobomb" - to spoil a picture by unexpectedly appearing in shot - was added to the Collins English dictionary in 2014.
Leeds are currently on a pre-season tour of their native Italy. Cellino says the players will stay together, have dinner together and go to games together. The 57-year-old claims that the club is now debt free. He is targeting a buyout of the 25% of the club still in the hands of previous owners GFH Capital.
Hull city councillor Steven Bayes pleaded not guilty to possessing an extreme pornographic image. The 55-year-old was suspended from the Labour Party in October. He was released on unconditional bail and is due to stand trial on 5 February. Mr Bayes was first elected as a councillor in 1985 and is a former vice chair of the Hull 2017 company.
Arket will provide "simple, timeless and functional designs" including clothes for adults and children, and household products. The new brand will sit in a slightly higher price segment than the main H&M brand. The move comes as competition online and on the High Street is squeezing profits at the fashion giant.
The Harrogate Autumn Flower Show will use specialist technology to ensure the winning fruit is of the Gigantomo variety. The giant entries must be from that strain of plant to win the Â£1,000 prize. Dutch specialists will test the plants to make sure the entries are what they claim to be.
TrueTube nominated for three awards, including best drama and secondary learning. Horrible Histories also earns three nominations, all for its special episode celebrating the 400th anniversary of Shakespeare's death. Cartoon Network's The Amazing World of Gumball is up for the animation and writer awards.
Club Brugge are Belgian champions for the first time in 11 years thanks to a 4-0 hammering of title rivals Anderlecht. Benfica secured a third successive Portuguese title as they held off the challenge of Lisbon rivals Sporting. Besiktas are the new Turkish champions after they sealed their first title since 2009 with a 3-1 win over Osmanlispor.
After last year's test which focused on a collapse in house prices in the UK, this year's Test will have a more international flavour. Under the scenario, global growth will fall, the Chinese economy slow markedly and the UK and the eurozone will face a new bout of recession.
Marquinhos has signed a five-year deal with Paris St-Germain. He joined Roma from Corinthians a year ago for £3.9m. PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi said the deal underlines the club's desire to construct one of Europe's biggest clubs.
The man from Darlington has been issued with a summons to appear before Maidstone magistrates on 17 February. He will face charges of dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. The bridge fell on to the London-bound carriageway of the motorway just after midday on 27 August.
Firefighters tackled the blaze which started just before 21:00 on Monday. The home owners and their dog escaped from the building after being alerted by a smoke alarm. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service has launched an investigation into the cause of the blaze. It is not believed to be suspicious.
Michael Sandford, 20, from Dorking, Surrey, was accused of trying to grab a police officer's gun to shoot Mr Trump at a Las Vegas rally. He pleaded guilty to being an illegal alien in possession of a firearm and disrupting an official function. He is due to be sentenced on Tuesday in Las Vegas.
An unsolicited email from Apple inviting publishers to join the service presumes acceptance of the terms, unless they actively opt out. It requires them to cover Apple if legal issues arise, among other things. Apple, which is due to launch the app later this year, refused to comment on the row.
Keith Towler said there was little regulation and control of bullying on social networking sites. A survey suggested over a third of 11 to 17-year olds in Wales who had been bullied had suffered cyberbullying. The Welsh government said it was better to develop respectful relationships than criminalise bullying.
Anthony Storrie died on 30 June 2013 at the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley. The 26-year-old had been arrested the night before for an alleged police assault while under the influence of the drug. A fatal accident inquiry heard he had suffered damage to his liver while "crashing about" in his flat.
A wheelie bin was set alight in Winchburgh, West Lothian. Firefighters extinguished the blaze after discovering a gas pipe had been damaged. Police are appealing for anyone who saw anything suspicious before the fire. The incident caused the evacuation of 38 people from their homes.
The raids destroyed nine militant positions in the Tirah Valley in Khyber district, the military said. The strikes came after the Taliban stormed Karachi airport, in an attack that killed at least 30 people. The Pakistani Taliban said Sunday's assault was in revenge for the killing of their leader last year.
Outgoing head of government ethics agency says the US has been made a virtual laughing stock. Mr Trump has been to the property seven times this year, including when he hosted foreign leaders. But it is unclear who else he had as guests. The move is part of a legal challenge brought by a non-profit watchdog group.
WWF says a total of 139 new species have been found in the South East Asia area in the past year. There are 90 plants, 23 reptiles, 16 amphibians, 9 fish and 1 mammal. Conservationists believe it's a race against the clock to document all of them.
Christopher Adjei, 29, of Ramsgate, pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit a sexual offence and battery. He grabbed the woman, tried to cover her mouth with his hand, and forced her to the ground in the early hours in Church Lane, Kent. Police traced him after his DNA was found on the victim's coat and were able to piece together his whereabouts.
Galvani Bioelectronics hopes to bring a new treatment based on the technique before regulators within seven years. GlaxoSmithKline and Verily, formerly Google, Life Sciences, are behind it. One set of tests suggested the approach could help treat type-2 diabetes, in which the body ignores the hormone insulin.
The 22-year-old motorcyclist was taken to hospital where he later died. Two other children, aged 10 and seven, suffered minor injuries in the crash. Police said a KTM motorcycle was involved in a collision with a Vauxhall Zafira. No arrests have been made and police are appealing for witnesses.
Police Scotland's dog branch and air support unit deployed in the Irvine area. Mr Speirs is described as being 5ft 10in tall, of medium build, with red hair and blue eyes. He was wearing navy coloured combat trousers, a black waterproof jacket and timberland boots.
There are currently 54 SNP MPs but only 40 of Labour's 229 MPs expressed support for Mr Corbyn on Tuesday. Mr Bercow was replying to a point of order raised by SNP MP Pete Wishart. The SNP won 56 seats at last May's election, but Michelle Thomson and Natalie McGarry have since withdrawn from the party whip.
RIT Capital announced it will not make a formal bid for Alliance Trust. Alliance Trust invests nearly Â£3bn worth of shareholder assets. It will continue to face a fundamental review of what it does during this summer. That could still lead to a sale, or outsourcing investment to other firms.
Alan Solomons' side had scored a wonderful try through centre Will Helu after Munster had started strongly with a John Ryan score. Sam Hidalgo-Clyne kicked three penalties with a host of returning World Cup internationals on both teams. But the scrum-half saw his dramatic drop-goal attempt charged down three minutes into overtime.
The FTSE 100 ended down by 66 points at 7,118.48. Flybe shares dipped 1.1% after the airline said it had seen a "slow start" to trading since the start of the new year. WS Atkins shares jumped 6% following a report in the Times that the engineering company had been approached by US company CH2M.
Russia provides a quarter of Europe's natural gas, half of it through Ukraine. Europe imports less than 30% of its natural gas from Russia, compared with 45% in 2003. A relatively mild winter has reduced demand for heating fuel, with storage levels at the main gas hubs about 20% greater than last year.
Ipswich Town have kept six clean sheets in their last nine matches. Ipswich travel to Newcastle United on Saturday in the Premier League. McCarthy says Berra is the best defender in the league, for me, without a doubt. The former Republic of Ireland boss is impressed by Newcastle's summer signings.
Red Bull will run the aeroscreen again at the Spanish and Monaco Grands Prix. The 'aeroscreen' tested by Red Bull on Friday and the 'halo' run by Ferrari pre-season are concepts in contention. One single design solution will be imposed, either supplied centrally or to a specification for the teams to build themselves.
At low doses, lithium prolonged the life of fruit flies in lab experiments. Scientists say the finding is "encouraging" and could eventually lead to new drugs to help people live longer and healthier lives. Lithium is used in psychiatry to help stop mood swings but has a risk of serious side-effects at high doses.
The group are due to be brought to a hostel in the countryside near Great Torrington, Devon on Sunday or Monday. The purpose of the temporary facility is to provide a safe and welcoming place before the children are reunited with family members or moved to other parts of the country. The Home Office said they are unaccompanied, vulnerable children.
Venezuela's economy contracted by 5.7% last year and is expected to shrink further this year. Inflation is at 180%, and there are shortages of medicines and basic food items. President Maduro declared a state of emergency to "denounce, neutralise and overcome the external and foreign aggressions against our country"
Premier League season will start in early September and finish at the end of June. RPA has said a shortened two-month off-season will be "seriously detrimental to player welfare" England, Wales, Scotland and Ireland will all be playing international matches in June this summer.
More than 2,200 homes in the country were without power just after midnight. Wind gusts of 130-150km/hr are possible in exposed areas until midday on Thursday. The strongest winds are expected to be along the east coast, especially County Down. A Status Red alert has been issued in the Republic of Ireland.
"We cannot imagine the full extent of the horrors you have endured," she said. The UN estimates that the insurgency has now displaced 800,000 children. A vigil and candlelit procession is due to be held in the capital, Abuja, on Tuesday. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Derbyshire beat Glamorgan by eight wickets in their Championship clash. The pink ball proved more effective under lights than in the day session. Afghan-born spinner Hamidullah Qadri is the first Championship player to have been born in the new Millennium.
Jairo Medina, 62, was found early on Friday morning by a person walking by who then called the police. Once officers got there, Mr Medina had died. A post mortem examination did not find a cause of death, but it showed that he had been assaulted. Officers are investigating it as a murder.
Loch Seaforth is still in a "test period" and not fully in service. The fault took five hours to fix and the ferry was cleared again for sailings. Another ferry, the Isle of Lewis, took the passengers involved. Bad weather has led to cancellations of sailings on the Stornoway-Ullapool route.
The investigation into the serious allegations in this case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed. The elements of lack of freedom and capacity to consent - which may even have triggered the "no consent" legal presumption - make the decision highly irregular. The identity of the alleged perpetrator - Leon Brittan - may in some way have influenced treatment of the case.
Tunisia had faced expulsion from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations until apologising to Caf for complaints it lodged against the organisation during this year's Nations Cup. Morocco, meanwhile, were only able to enter the 2017 Nations Cup qualifying draw after the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) overturned a ban on its participation.
Vincent Clerc and Maxime Medard score first-half tries for France. Mark Cueto and Ben Foden score late tries for England. France set up semi-final clash with Wales. England manager Martin Johnson under pressure after poor display. France coach Marc Lievremont has been publicly berating his players.
The 14 youngsters will go on a three-month training programme. They will then compete in the Austrian Open in June. The winner of the competition will be announced in September. The final will be held in Vienna on September 14. The winners will be revealed in a live broadcast on BBC One on September 15.
Two other petitions have reached 115,000 and 175,000 signatures each. The petitions have no legal force but organisers hope they will increase pressure on politicians to act. Brock Turner was seen by two other students sexually assaulting his victim. He tried to flee the scene but was caught and later admitted to the assault in court.
A planning application for a second visitor centre has been submitted to Wakefield Council. The new building has been designed to make the minimum impact on the site, YSP said. It follows the development of the main visitor centre in 2002, the underground gallery in 2006 and refurbishment of the estate chapel in 2011.
At 05:00 The Scotsman's front page declared a "historic victory for SNP" The Herald also published a 5am edition. The Daily Record published its first edition with the caption "01:30 election latest" The headline was "Five more years" and the paper said Nicola Sturgeon was set to be returned as first minister.
Crews called to building site in Bloomery Circle, Llanwern, at 21:15 BST. Fire burned for more than 10 hours before it was extinguished. It is understood the burning material included a large amount of scrapped railway sleepers. Gwent Police say the fire is believed to have been deliberately set.
The 24-year-old joined the Bantams on a three-year deal last summer. He was released by Blackburn and scored once in 16 appearances. He previously played under Iron boss Graham Alexander when the duo were at Fleetwood."We're really pleased because I think he will bring a lot to the team," Alexander said.
The 79-year-old from Old Colwyn, Conwy County was jailed for 12 years. The offences took place between 1982 and 1987, when both boys were 14 or 15. Mike Mackey, from the Manchester-based firm Burton Copeland, said they will be lodging an application to seek leave to appeal within the next 10 days.
The NFU announced its position after a vote by its council. It passed a resolution following an "overwhelming" vote in favour of staying in the EU. The organisation said it was not joining any campaign groups and would not be telling its members how to vote. It has completed 28 roadshows to debate key farming issues with members.
Her best-known films include 1938's Quai des Brumes (Port of Shadows) She also appeared in Carol Reed's The Fallen Idol and opposite Humphrey Bogart in Passage to Marseille. French president Francois Hollande said she "personified elegance and grace" Morgan was considered for the role of Ilsa Lund in Casablanca, but lost out to Ingrid Bergman.
EU officials say whatever is finally agreed "will comply with both European and international law" But some admit that, while the assessment of their lawyers is "quite promising", there are legal hurdles that must be overcome. In exchange for the mass returns, the EU is offering to take in large numbers of asylum seekers directly from Turkey.
Queensferry Crossing was scheduled to be completed by December 2016. Minister Keith Brown said the delay had been caused by "adverse weather conditions" in April and May. He said contractors remain on schedule to complete the project ahead of the contractual completion date - six months after the December target.
A 5ft x 3ft (1.5m x 1m) void appeared on Whitworth Street on Sunday. A 40ft (12m) wide sinkhole opened up in August on the Mancunian Way. Another hole appeared a month later. Replacement sewer pipes are being installed.
Coventry University's Scarborough campus has been built on the town's former Weaponness Park and Ride site. The building, which includes engineering and science labs, a mock law court and a library, is part of a £50m sports and education facility. About 200 students have begun courses at the site, though it is expected to be home to more than 2,000 students.
Work includes rebuilding canal-side walls and clearing vegetation off locks. The canal runs 16.5 miles (26.5km) from Swansea to Hen Neuadd in Powys. It was built primarily to carry coal down to Swansea Docks with the main cargos of coal, iron and steel making the enterprise profitable.
South African firm Famous Brands signed a £120m deal to buy the chain from Nando's owner, Capricorn Ventures. Gourmet Burger Kitchen, founded in 2001, was a "pioneer of the premium burger revolution", Famous Brands said. The company says that it wants to open 10 to 15 more burger restaurants a year in the UK.
Hibernian and Morton drew 0-0 at Easter Road on 29 March. Kudus Oyenuga was dismissed for a foul on Hibs defender Jordon Forster right in front of the home dugout. Morton were fined £500 for the stoppage-time fracas. Hibernian boss Neil Lennon has been charged with misconduct.
England beat Sri Lanka by six wickets to reach the World T20 semi-finals. Jos Buttler hit 66 not out from 37 balls and Ben Stokes made 15 off the final over. England will face New Zealand in the semi-final in Delhi on Wednesday. The Kiwis are unbeaten in Group 2 and England have been playing pace.
Star Citizen's creator says he has raised more than $108m (Â£75m) via online crowdfunding campaigns. Chris Roberts is famous among video game fans for the popular 1990's spaceship combat Wing Commander series. Star Citizen is a massively multiplayer online (MMO) game, which allows the player to pilot space ships, big and small.
Tour de France winner Wiggins becomes the most decorated Olympian in British history. He won the cycling time trial after Glover and Stanning rowed to victory in the women's pairs. David Cameron described the successes in rowing and cycling as a "golden moment for Britain"
Ben Ainslie's Land Rover BAR were beaten by Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand on Sunday. A nosedive after gate three resulted a 39-second defeat for BAR against USA. Despite a penalty, New Zealand beat BAR by one minute and 28 seconds. The top four teams progress to the next round of America's Cup.
The Pro12 brings in about £12m in television revenues - a relative spit in a bucket compared to the riches of the Premiership in England and the Top 14 in France. The Cheetahs and the Kings are the poor relations of South African rugby. They sit in their usual perch at the tail-end of the southern hemisphere club competition, a combined eight wins from 27 games this season.
The theory of evolution by natural selection was published jointly between Darwin and Alfred Russel Wallace. But while today Darwin is a household name synonymous with the theory, Wallace struggles to gain anywhere near the recognition of his friend. An appeal this year to raise funds for a life-sized bronze statue to honour Wallace only reached half of its Â£50,000 target.
Hadleigh Parkes and Gareth Owen went over for the Welsh side in the first half. Scarlets were good value for their 15-9 lead at half-time. But three Ian Madigan penalties kept Leinster within touching distance. Mike Ross' close-range try and Madigan's conversion soon after the restart put the home side into the lead. Another Madigan penalty capped the win.
Culture Secretary John Whittingdale said the playwright was "one of our greatest literary exports" British Council's Sir Ciaran Devane said the project would reflect Shakespeare's "global impact" There are an estimated 250 million young people around the world who are unable to read or write.
Mr Obama asked Congress for the funds after a week of nationwide protests over perceived policing injustices. The president spoke after a day of meetings with mayors, civil rights leaders and law enforcement officials at the White House. They discussed a programme that currently provides redundant US military tactical gear to local police departments, free of charge.
Bombardier Belfast is one of Northern Ireland's biggest employers. About 5,000 permanent employees and about 1,000 temporary and contract staff work at its Belfast base. The smaller CS100 started testing in 2013. The wings and engine covers of the CS300 jet are made in Belfast.
More than 1,000 students in the New York City area were affected by the storm. The storm is the latest in a series of natural disasters that have hit the city in recent years. The city has also been hit by flooding, which has claimed the lives of more than 2,000.
Lucia Garcia put Spain ahead on 30 minutes. Patricia Guijarro doubled the lead in the 52nd minute. Abbie Magee tested Spanish keeper Noelia Ramos in the 74th minute. Northern Ireland will be back in action in Friday's second round against Scotland at Mourneview Park.
The 34-year-old joins the Giants from the Austrian Hockey League side Villacher SV. Johner was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 2001 NHL draft. He won the Swiss A League with the Zurich Lions and had a successful spell in the Swedish League. He becomes the fourth new signing of the summer for the Giants.
Virgin Media originally said it had connected 465,000 new premises in the UK and Ireland in 2016. But following a review, that number has been revised down to 314,000. Liberty said Virgin had exaggerated how fast it could complete the connections. Four Virgin Media employees have been suspended in connection with the investigation.
Four of its high-speed 175 Coradia train units have been taken off routes along the north Wales coast and to Manchester. Arriva Trains said as a result "some affected peak time services have been busier than usual" The Coradia trains are the fastest in the fleet operating at up to 100mph.
Gisela Stuart, who chairs the group, said promising to control numbers and then failing to do so was "corrosive" of public trust in politicians. Mr Cameron said leaving the EU was "not the right way to control immigration" A report by think tank Migration Watch said all migrants in the UK "continue to be a net fiscal cost" to the Exchequer.
Bogdanov was accused of procuring an act of "gross indecency" on stage. The prosecution withdrew its evidence on the third day of the hearing. Bogdanov says he felt "enormous relief" when the case collapsed. He says he was angry that the private prosecution had been allowed to happen at all.
The Gold Hill Cheese Run sees entrants run up the cobbled Shaftesbury street with a 55lb (25kg) cheese. The event, based on activities of cheese traders in years gone by, began in 2012 as part of the town's food festival. The street was made famous when it was used in a Hovis bread television advertisement filmed by Ridley Scott in 1973.
The donation was made in June but became public on Monday following the filing of a document with the US Securities and Exchange Commission. It is not known who the recipient of this latest donation is, however when federal documents are filed, it usually means new money is being given to a foundation. Mr Gates' share in Microsoft is now just 1.3%.
Nathan Gill said he could not stay in a party that represented 'all the things I said it didn't represent' He said he was not backing any of the 11 candidates in the race to replace Paul Nuttall. Mr Gill also criticised the party's delay in addressing concerns raised about UKIP assembly member Michelle Brown.
American swimmer Dana Vollmer is six months pregnant with her second child. The 29-year-old won her seventh Olympic medal in Rio last year. She has had to adapt her training to cater for the "bowling ball" in her stomach. She finished 55th in the preliminary round of the 50m freestyle on Thursday.
London 2012 Olympic champion Meilutyte will seek to win Lithuania's first ever World Championships gold medal in Tuesday's final. The 16-year-old clocked one minute 04.30 seconds in Barcelona, 0.15 secs faster than the previous best time set by Jessica Hardy in 2009. Sophie Allen was seventh and fellow Briton Siobhan-Marie O'Connor eighth.
Bristol City beat Ipswich Town 2-0 at Ashton Gate. Lee Tomlin and Luke Freeman scored the goals for the Robins. David McGoldrick hit the post for Ipswich before half-time. The win lifts City up to 11th in the table, while Town drop to 16th.
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) said he had been told not to report for training with the rest of the players on Monday. Police attended and said a man was taken away by officers but no arrests were made. The player, aged 28, was on an agreed holiday period from pre-Rugby World Cup training.
CBI survey finds low interest rates and potential restricted EU market access are seen as risks. But almost 40% of the firms surveyed reported healthy profits in the last quarter. The CBI campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU ahead of June's referendum. A separate report by the manufacturers' organisation EEF found that the UK's industrial sector had continued to strengthen.
West Ham are moving to the Olympic Stadium after 112 years at Upton Park. Some fans want the Premier League win over Manchester United to be the last at the stadium. Out of nearly 12,000 fans, 52% were in favour and 48% against a game which would raise funds for the Ladies' team and a final decision will now be made.
Scottish Social Justice Secretary Alex Neil urged the UK government to rethink its reforms. But the Department for Work and Pensions said the changes were designed to help people into work. The Welfare Reform Tracking Study was carried out by Edinburgh Napier University on behalf of the Scottish government.
Security beefed up at residences of Brian Cullinan and Martha Ruiz. TMZ.com said the pair were in fear of their lives. PwC spokeswoman Carey Bodenheimer said that they had been given protection after their home addresses and photos of their families were published in the media.
Tata is making 1,050 people redundant, including 750 at its Port Talbot site. Chief executive Karl Koehler is standing down and his replacement will not have a position on the main Tata board in Mumbai. New chief executive of Tata Steel Europe, Hans Fischer, takes over on 1 March.
The PM attended a summit of EU leaders in Brussels before leaving while they discussed their approach to Brexit. The remaining 27 agreed that the European Commission will take the lead role in negotiations. Philip Hammond has played down suggestions it could take ten years to reach a trade deal. Reports suggest that Britain could face a Â£50bn bill to leave the EU, including payments to cover pension liabilities for EU staff.
Russia shares list of 89 people banned from traveling to Russia. EU calls the ban "totally arbitrary and unjustified" Many of those on the list are outspoken critics of the Kremlin. Former British deputy prime minister Nick Clegg is believed to be among those banned. UK foreign office says Russia has not provided any legal basis for the list.
Honduras has one of the highest murder rates in the world. No formal peace deal has been signed, but it is thought to be the first step towards a more lasting agreement. The deal follows a similar pact reached more than a year ago in neighbouring El Salvador. It has contributed to a significant reduction in the murder rate and other violent crimes.
Nick Woodman described the remote controlled aircraft as the "ultimate" accessory for his firm's action cameras. Mr Woodman said he planned to release the GoPro drone within the first half of 2016, and that it would be targeted at consumers. He also showed off a prototype mount that can hold six of his company's Hero4 cameras, each pointing in a different direction.
Conservative-run authority is aiming to save £74m over four years. The authority had proposed to cut £1.3m a year by making changes to the way home-to-school transport and some concessionary travel was funded. Liberal Democrat opposition leader Simon Galton said: "I am delighted that the Tories listened to us"
Jon Rahm won his first PGA Tour title at Torrey Pines last Sunday. The 22-year-old capped his triumph with a thrilling eagle at the last. Rahm secured his Tour card within just four events of joining the paid ranks. The Spaniard is on schedule to be free to accept European Tour membership in time for next year's Ryder Cup.
Local authority funding has been cut in real terms by 37% since 2010. Public Accounts Committee says cuts have not been applied equally. MPs warn further cuts could undermine councils' financial stability and threaten statutory services. Most local authority funding in England comes from central government, with about a quarter raised through council tax.
Aleksandar Mitrovic's 83rd-minute header earned Newcastle a point. Sunderland took the lead through Jermain Defoe's 15th goal of the season. Magpies are three points adrift of safety with eight games remaining. Sunderland are a point better off in 18th place, two points behind Norwich.
The victim, based in Hong Kong, paid the money into Lee's wife's bank account. The money was transferred but the player, 39, continued using the cue. Lee pleaded guilty to fraud at Swindon Magistrates' Court. He was fined £110 and ordered to repay the £1,600.
Christine Lacson Abad, 27, of Cary, North Carolina, was charged with arranging a child sex offence, attempting to groom a 15-year-old in Wrexham and two more sex offences. But the Crown Prosecution Service said it was no longer pursuing the case.
Android has been working to patch a vulnerability, known as Stagefright. The bug could let hackers access a phone's data simply by sending a video message. LG, Samsung and Google have all said a number of their handsets will get the fix. Android is an open source operating system, with the software freely available.
Natalie Towers, 24, admitted administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage. She was 32-34 weeks pregnant when she bought the substance over the internet. She rang 999 to say she was having a miscarriage but was found in the bathroom. The baby, named Luke, died of oxygen starvation, the court heard.
England beat West Indies by six wickets in fourth ODI. Alex Hartley took 4-24 and Katherine Brunt 3-35 as hosts were bowled out for 155. Nat Sciver's unbeaten 58 saw England home with 67 balls to spare. Victory means England are one win away from World Cup qualification.
Sotherton won Olympic heptathlon bronze for Britain in 2004. She has been upgraded to two more bronze medals from 2008 after retrospective drug tests. Sotherton said tweaking events would create "a new slate" and new records. She said: "I am open to the discussion - for the greater good of the sport it's a good thing"
Bristol Royal Infirmary, Southmead Hospital and Weston General hospitals are affected. More beds are being opened but people are urged not to go to A&E unless they have a "life-threatening" condition. Extra ambulance staff are being used to transfer patients into hospital.
PM said he was seeking a "strong and positive" relationship with China. Chinese authorities are said to be angry at the prime minister's decision to meet the Dalai Lama. No 10 defended the PM's right to meet whomever he wants and said the meeting had been arranged to engage in "dialogue and discussion"
Jim Kellerman saw red midway through the first half for a foul on Ross Stearn. The Shots regrouped and took a deserved lead in the 42nd minute when Idris Kanu poked the ball under Ryan Clarke. But in the second half Eastleigh's extra man began to tell as they pushed forward. Craig McAllister fired home from close range with 10 minutes left.
The incidents took place in Granton, Boswall, Trinity and Hawthornvale. The cars targeted all had their windows smashed or had attempts made to smash them. About 25 incidents have been reported to police, however there may have been other vehicles damaged. Officers are treating the incidents as linked and are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Police have confirmed the deaths of four people. Three were killed in Dungog, where homes have been washed away by flooding. Emergency services have declared 12 communities natural disaster areas. 190,000 homes in the state are still without power but state-owned supplier Ausgrid said that electricity had been restored to 30,000 properties.
Commercial space travel has already seen more than $1.4bn of investment. The figure is expected to more than double over the next 10 years as commercial space tourism is set to become a reality. But with no private company yet to get a craft with passengers onboard into orbit, or even sub-orbit, how can you best endeavour to lead an industry that is still very much in an embryonic state?
Police say the Arena clan made money by providing services at Isola di Capo Rizzuto in Italy's far south. The clan is alleged to have hidden behind a local Catholic charity which officially runs the centre. The claims came to light on Monday when officers arrested 68 people, including a local priest.
Derek Medina admitted taking the picture on his phone and uploading it on to the social media site. He failed to convince the jury that he had shot Jennifer Alfonso eight times in self-defence after years of abuse. Prosecutors successfully argued that the 27-year-old wife was in fear of her life when she was shot in August 2013.
The 24-year-old arrived at Rodney Parade from Llanelli in September on a one-season contract because of a back row injury crisis. Cudd will make his 18th appearance against Leinster on Friday, has been rewarded with a new Dragons deal. The former Scarlets academy product has impressed this season.
NHS spent £8.84m on private ambulances in the capital last year compared to £795,000 in 2011. Labour said its research discovered private ambulance usage by ambulance trusts across the country grew by 82% between financial years 2011/12 and 2013/14. But LAS denied claims it had employed private staff previously sacked by the NHS.
Vodafone paid $2.2bn for a stake in the Indian mobile phone network. The deal was struck in 2007, but the tax bill was later increased to $3.5bn. The Indian government is now seeking a further $2bn in back taxes.
Solskjaer spent three seasons in charge of Norwegian club Molde. He won two top-flight titles, the first in the club's history, as well as a Norwegian Cup. The 40-year-old is now attempting to make an impact as a Premier League manager. He played for Manchester United for 11 years and won six titles.
The ECB cut its deposit rate by the minimum 0.1 percentage point to -0.3%. It extended its asset purchase program, but did not increase its monthly government bond purchases. Investors were expecting a bigger cut in the rates, analysts said. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was down 1.7% to 19,606.32 points.
Cabinet Office report found relations behind the scenes were "broken" It would be at least another year before another planning application could be submitted. But the authors said that a new stadium was still "achievable" Sports Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has indicated she will implement all of the recommended changes.
The £155,000 Bike2Go project was the first of its kind in Scotland. Dumfries and Galloway Council is not including the scheme in a planned regional rollout of initiatives to reduce car journeys. The scheme was set up to encourage people to get "out of their cars and onto their bicycles"
Joel Richards, 19, from Wednesbury, was among 38 killed. He was a Walsall FC fan, football referee and student at the University of Worcester. Chief executive of the Birmingham County Football Association, Chad Ehlertsen, said "it just makes you smile every time you think about Joel"
Ri Jong Chol said his detention was a "plot" to "damage the honour of the republic" He was released from police custody due to insufficient evidence. Two women were charged on Thursday with killing Mr Kim by smearing his face with VX, a banned chemical weapon. They have yet to make a formal plea in their case.
Reverend Irene Wilson was leaving Holy Trinity Church in Hull at 13:30 BST. Jay Desborough, 17, and Leon Wrigglesworth, 13, both from the city, were each given a 24-month detention and training order in a young offenders institute at the city's youth court.
Hamilton made his Scotland debut against Romania in November 2006. The 32-year-old made the last of his 63 Test appearances in Turin last month. Scotland open their World Cup campaign against Japan in Gloucester on 23 September. They then face United States in Leeds before meeting South Africa and then Samoa in Newcastle.
Lewis triumphed after a jump-off, while Shawn Barber of Canada took the bronze. Tiffany Porter came second in the women's 100m hurdles and Jade Lally won a bronze in the discus. England qualified for both the men's and women's 4x400m relay finals.
Zoo director Thane Maynard said staff was "still healing" from the incident. Staff members fatally shot Harambe in May after a three-year-old boy climbed into his enclosure. Over time, Harembe became popular shorthand in social media humour. Some pranksters called for the animal to be put on the dollar bill.
China's growth, seen as a driver of the global economy, is a major concern for investors around the world. Critics say as the country attempts to rebalance its economy, it should focus on productivity in order to sustain high growth. But some observers say its growth is actually much weaker than official data suggests.
Lithium-sulphur batteries could have five times the energy density of the lithium-ion forms in wide use today. UK-Chinese team overcomes a key hurdle to their commercial development by taking inspiration from the gut. A layer of material with a villi-like structure, made from tiny zinc oxide wires, is placed on the surface of a battery's electrodes.
Riyad Mahrez, Jamie Vardy and N'Golo Kante have been linked with moves away. Manager Claudio Ranieri says he does not want big names at the club. Everton boss Roberto Martinez says Leicester's win was a one-off. Crystal Palace boss Alan Pardew says the Foxes have'shattered the glass ceiling'
The Church's ruling body, the general synod, voted to allow women to become bishops in July. The appointment will end centuries of male leadership of the Church and comes 20 years after women became priests. Some people within the church are against the change because they say tradition dictates that only men should hold the most senior positions.
Northern Ireland striker Will Grigg levelled for Wigan after a corner was not cleared, before visiting defender Jake Buxton saw red for a late tackle. League One's Oldham regained the lead when Josh Law drilled in his first goal since joining in pre-season. Match ends, Oldham Athletic 2, Wigan Athletic 1.
The 23-year-old forward left Sixfields before kick-off. Swindon have won three, drawn four and lost 11 of their 18 games since Tim Sherwood's appointment as director of football on 10 November. Head coach Luke Williams said the matter would be dealt with "in house"
Elizabeth Bowe, 50, was found badly injured in St Andrews. She was taken to Ninewells Hospital in Dundee but died three days later. Her brother Charles Gordon, 51, appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court on Tuesday facing a single charge of murder. He made no plea or declaration and was remanded in custody.
The Royal Mail has painted more than 50 postboxes gold following Team GB's gold medal haul at London 2012. The town is home to the prestigious Leander Club, which has trained more than 100 Olympic medal-winning rowers. Town mayor Elizabeth Hodgkin said: "We are the home of rowing... I feel very excited about it"
Mehedi Hasan Miraz (6-82) takes five wickets on day two of the first Test. England close day two on 144-8, a first-innings lead of 24. Imrul Kayes hits unbeaten 59 as Bangladesh close day on 152-3.
Drivers have staged a number of strikes in recent weeks. The walkouts have caused disruption on days the city hosted Rugby World Cup matches. Last Sunday's action was suspended due to the ballot. 90% of its 540 Unite union members backed the offer after a ballot.
There will be a huge bridge party in South Queensferry with live music headlined by Scottish rockers Big Country and guests Bwani Junction. A fireworks display at 10:06pm will be in recognition of the bridge's 1,006m span. Tickets for the procession and party, on 13 September, go on sale on Friday.
The Republican candidate said the US would only come to the aid of allies if they had "fulfilled their obligations to us" The White House has not responded directly to Mr Trump's comments. But a spokesman said potential enemies should not misjudge Washington's commitment to defend its NATO allies.
The idea of creating floods upstream to prevent floods downstream was a key message from the Pitt Review into the 2007 floods. A handful of pilot projects have pioneered cheap small-scale measures like felling trees into streams to slow down the flow. CIWEM say thousands of farms need to be visited and surveyed to see where micro-schemes can be placed.
Griezmann has a haematoma on his left foot. Atletico say "an injury to the bone was ruled out" after an X-ray. The 25-year-old is his team's top scorer in La Liga with six goals. France face Ivory Coast in a friendly on Tuesday.
Scotland's animal welfare charity was alerted after the bird was discovered at Kingholm Quay on Monday. The gull was taken to a vets where it had to be put to sleep due to the extent of its injuries. Animal rescue officer Tricia Smith said: "An x-ray confirmed the bird had been shot"
The Dow closed up 0.7% at 18,506.41. The S&P 500 index added 0.5% to close at 2,163.75. Data showing China's economy expanded by a better-than-expected 6.7%. Singapore's stock market resumed trading as normal on Friday.
The men tried to take their own lives to protest against last week's assault on four Dalit men. The men were allegedly attacked by members of a Hindu hardline group. Many Hindus consider cows sacred and the slaughter of the animal is banned in many Indian states. There have several other attacks across India where Muslim men have been accused.
Ex-Labour press chief Alastair Campbell and MP Simon Hughes have also settled with News Group Newspapers. Mr Gascoigne received £68,000 while Mr Coogan got £40,000. The case involving singer Charlotte Church and her parents is due to start at the end of the month.
Monarchs are the only insects to migrate such a vast distance. Mathematicians recreate the internal compass they use to navigate on that journey. One of their goals was to build a robotic monarch butterfly that could follow the insects and track their entire migration. The findings are published in the journal Cell Reports.
The Iridis4 has state of the art coprocessors which can each perform a trillion calculations per second. University said the new machine would allow academics to work on more projects at faster speeds. The world's most powerful computer is China's Tianhe-2, which can perform 33,860 trillion calculations a second.
Thousands of police officers, military personnel and judges have been suspended or arrested. Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2004 as part of its bid to become a member of the EU. Officials have blamed the coup on the US-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gulen. US Secretary of State John Kerry has said Turkey would need to provide "evidence, not allegations"
Dave and Leslie Blissett, of Lincolnshire, bought the Tornado GR1 as a shell. It has no engine, or guns and the wings have been removed for transportation purposes. The ex-RAF engineers said it would make an ideal museum display. It was extensively involved in the 1991 conflict, including in the Gulf War.
John Clancy, Labour councillor for Quinton, beat closest rival Penny Holbrook in Monday night's ballot. He will officially replace Sir Albert Bore on 1 December. Mr Clancy, a former teacher and lecturer, has also pledged to widen access to free school meals for primary school children.
Storm created huge swells in the sea off Scotland leading to warnings from the Coastguard and RNLI. The swell off Nazare has been recorded at a maximum of height of 40ft (12m) Waves measured west of South Uist peaked at about 49ft (15m) on Wednesday.
Belgium beat Norway 3-2 in their final Euro 2016 warm-up game. Everton striker Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring for Belgium. Bournemouth's Joshua King levelled for Norway. Eden Hazard headed in an equaliser and Laurent Ciman got the winner. Russia drew 1-1 with Serbia in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier.
Rangers beat Motherwell and Dunfermline 6-0 in their opening two games. Manager Caixinha says his players are believing in themselves. Rangers and Hibs last met in the top flight in 2012, while the most recent contest came in the 2016 Scottish Cup final.
Around 800 global firms have bases in Belfast, employing about 75,000 people. The fact that languages are no longer compulsory at GCSE has led to the problem. Micro Focus Belfast employs 130 people who sell software and provide customer care across Europe, North and South America, the Middle East and Africa. Mary McDermott, who is responsible for company recruitment says: "We don't get a lot of local graduates applying for jobs"
The concrete and steel arch will eventually cover the remains of the reactor. It measures 275m (900ft) wide and 108m (354ft) tall and has cost $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn) The blast sent a plume of radioactive material into the air, triggering a public health emergency across Europe.
Froome is due to begin the defence of his Tour de France title on Saturday. He posted a picture on Twitter of the damage to his bike. Police say they have not been able to find the driver of the car that caused the crash. The incident happened in Beoleil, near Monaco, on 9 May.
Currently, if you want to build a new house or erect an extension, you have to apply for permission to the Planning Service. From April 2015 that responsibility will shift to the councils themselves. Friends of the Earth warn that a strict code of conduct will have to be rigorously enforced to ensure the new councils' handling of planning matters is fair and transparent.
The Grade II-listed Drummond Mill on Lumb Lane in Manningham was ravaged by a fire which started in the basement on Thursday. The building has now been partially demolished to prevent further collapse. Historic England said West Yorkshire's mills are "important landmarks which need to be cherished"
The 2,000 miniature jerseys have been "carefully weighed" by the council. It comes after similar bunting was removed from Masham in North Yorkshire. The council said it had "no fears" it might get heavy and "pull things over" The jerseys will be used to decorate the routes of the Tour de France.
Shankaracharya Swaroopanand's comments came two days after the Shani Shingnapur temple in Maharashtra state let women into the inner sanctum. Last month, the Mumbai high court affirmed the right of women to enter and pray inside all temples.
Eight men deny sexually abusing three girls between 1999 and 2003. Sheffield Crown Court heard how police lost tapes of an interview with defendant Sageer Hussain in 2003. The mother of one of the alleged victims said: "Her character changed from a lovely girl to an animal. She became horrible"
Daniel Braxton was driving through Towyn, Conwy county, with his daughter. She thought she saw a dead baby in the bus stop near the Magpie and Stump. Mr Braxton, 35, said he saw the lifeless naked baby on the ground. Police are concerned about the welfare of the baby's mother.
UKIP has long campaigned for tougher border controls to cut illegal immigration. No action was taken against the curry house, which had completed pre-employment checks. Diane James was elected ahead of Ms Duffy to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP's new leader on Friday. The Border Agency questioned staff about their right to work and live in UK.
Thirty-one crew members remain onboard to refloat the vessel. The Aurora Australis left Hobart in Tasmania on 11 January and carried out marine science research around the Kerguelen Plateau. It broke free of mooring lines on Wednesday amid winds of more than 130kph (80mph)
The vessel's engine failed a mile north east of Muck Island on Thursday evening. Weather conditions at the time were described as good with a Force 3 wind. A volunteer crew from the Larne RNLI launched two lifeboats at about 18:30 BST. The lifeboat towed the yacht to Carrick Marina.
The review, carried out by the Federal Reserve, gauges whether the biggest banks operating in the US have the "ability to lend to households and businesses even in times of stress" Another institution, Bank of America, has been asked to revise its financial plans due to "certain weaknesses" A further 28 banks passed the tests.
More than 30,000 people have donated to a fund set up in her memory. The money will go to the Royal Voluntary Service and the White Helmets. The fund was set up after the death of Jo Cox, who was shot in Birstall, West Yorkshire.
Ocado reported a pre-tax profit of £7.2m last year on the back of a 20% jump in sales to £948.9m. The company made a loss of £12.5m in 2013. Ocado's customer base grew by almost 70,000 to 453,000.
Wales face Bosnia-Herzegovina on Saturday and Andorra three days later. A point would see Wales end their 57-year absence from major tournaments. Gunter, 26, believes the current side can deliver where previous generations have fallen short. Wales are a point clear at the summit of Group B.
Fears a'soft' border between Northern Ireland and Ireland could result in more stringent controls at Welsh ports for freight operators. First Minister Carwyn Jones has warned that could mean job losses. Monday's Dublin meeting is part of an assembly External Affairs Committee inquiry and is on the day the UK begins the process of leaving the EU.
The marine location flare was found on Saturday evening by a member of the public on Meal Beach, south east of the village of Hamnavoe on West Burra. Police said the unexploded flare was believed to be highly toxic, and cordoned off the beach. Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old beat Elspeth Young from Kinross 11-4, 5-11, 11-6, 12-10. Scottish number one Alan Clyne beat Douglas Kempsell in the men's final. Clyne, who has risen to world number 32, won his seventh title.
Mr Matheson has served as a Labour councillor in the city for 17 years. He stepped down from the leadership last September and was replaced by Frank McAveety. A by-election will be held for his Anderston/City ward, the date of which has yet to be confirmed.
No group has officially claimed responsibility for the incident. The city of 200,000 people is seen as the key to holding Helmand province. It was previously the scene of heavy fighting between the Taliban and Nato-led forces. The Taliban withdrew from the city in October after heavy fighting.
In 2015/16, 93.3% of youngsters were in a "positive destination" three months after leaving high school. That was up from 93% in 2014/15. The Scottish government figures also showed that those taking up training was 2.6%, down from 3.8%.
Stephen Hawking says progress in science and technology will create new threats. Nuclear war, global warming and genetically-engineered viruses are among the scenarios he singles out. Prof Hawking's first Reith Lecture will be broadcast on 26 January and on 2 February at 9am on BBC Radio 4. BBC World Service listeners can tune in at 15:06 GMT and 2 February.
US Open tournament organisers have historically prided themselves on trying to make the winning score as close to level par as possible. Heavy overnight rain dumped an inch of water on the course and that undoubtedly helped low scoring. Home players occupy 12 of the top 16 places on the leaderboard and with six shots separating them, any one could still win.
A university researcher sent 1,500 identical CVs to German firms - except that some bore the name Meryem Ozturk and others the name Sandra Bauer. In 18.8% of cases Sandra Bauer was invited for interview, whereas the figure for Meryen was just 13.5%. The study was published by the Institute for the Study of Labour in Bonn.
The world champion has made bad starts to both races and is trailing Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg by 17 points. Hamilton said his starting problems were "not a big issue", adding: "It is something we'll fix for the next race" He said he was "actually pretty chuffed" about finishing third in Bahrain after a first-lap collision.
Demonstrators call for a meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto. Same-sex marriages are legal in some Mexican states, but not across the country. Public opinion in Mexico has been split since the president announced plans to change the constitution. Four Latin American countries have already legalised same-sex marriage.
A 15-year-old male was arrested for offensive behaviour and resisting arrest. Three men were arrested outside the stadium in connection with assault. The men, aged 29, 28 and 27, and all from Glasgow, are expected to appear at Aberdeen Sherriff Court on Monday.
Michael Pepper, 67, raped the woman on various occasions between 1986 and 2001. He also hit her with a baseball bat and bottle, cut off her clothes and kicked her. Judge Johanna Johnston QC told Pepper: "Your actions blighted this woman's life. You now accept your guilty, albeit at a late stage"
The LGA said social housing was vital to enable families to save for a home. It asks the government to recognise a "renaissance" in house building by councils. The average size of a deposit to get a mortgage is 62% of annual incomes, or 131% in London.
Pte Sean Benton, 20, from Hastings, was found with five bullet wounds to his chest in June 1995. An original inquest into his death recorded a verdict of suicide. His family applied for a new hearing after using the Human Rights Act to access evidence held by police. MoD: "The Armed Forces will not tolerate abuse, bullying, or discrimination"
Lee Kuan Yew's death on 23 March last year prompted a massive outpouring of grief among Singaporeans. At least 100 events were organised for the one-year anniversary, ranging from solemn ceremonies and a candlelight vigil to tree-planting and kayaking events. The Lee siblings' squabble has divided public opinions, with many taking to their Facebook pages.
Rebecca Smith, Leanne Fischler and Kirsty Sneddon created the bag for a degree project. The bag - designed to be a "unisex satchel" - has all the electronics hidden inside a false bottom. A slot has been sewn in for a credit card which conceals an led light.
Christopher May, 71, from Llanfyllin, Powys, is charged with 11 offences. Terrence Butler, 72, from Stretton, Staffordshire, is also charged. Abuse is reported to have taken place at Overseal Manor School in Derbyshire.
The 28-year-old has spent the last two seasons with Wasps. He previously had a six-year spell with Glasgow Warriors. Jackson has won 28 caps for Scotland since making his Test debut in 2010. He made one appearance at this year's Six Nations.
The previous day's incessant rain had left an already wet outfield totally sodden at New Road. Umpires Ian Gould and Richard Illingworth, the former Worcestershire and England slow left-armer, made several inspections. The two sides still hope to get underway promptly on Monday morning (11:00 BST)
The Sorrento was travelling to the coastal city of Valencia when the blaze began and quickly got out of control. The passengers were evacuated from the burning ship on to lifeboats and have been rescued by another ship. At least three people have been injured and taken to hospital by helicopter, Spanish media say.
Five men forced to hand over car after it was set alight in Belfast. Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident in the early hours of Thursday morning. A number of people have been arrested in connection with the incident. The incident is believed to be linked to a car that was set on fire in the area.
Cwmbran-based Douglas Willis Ltd could not prove when the meat was frozen and admitted 12 offences of mislabelling. The case went ahead following a ruling from the Supreme Court. The firm was fined a total of £15,000 for 12 offences and must pay £12,000 in costs.
CGI Group is a global IT systems giant that enjoys annual revenues of C$10bn. Its clients include Rio Tinto, Michelin, Air France-KLM and Heathrow Airport. In 2013, it was blamed for technical problems that plagued the launch of the US government website.
Ticket was bought somewhere in Denbighshire for the 1 April draw. It matched the Lotto Millionaire Raffle draw but no-one has come forward. Mystery ticket holder has until the end of September to submit their claim. Otherwise the money will go to lottery good causes.
Francoise Olcay sold dinghies and life jackets to migrants hoping to reach the Greek islands. She said the items would be bought elsewhere if she did not sell them. The UN says 124,000 people reached Greece's shores by sea in the first seven months of 2015.
MEP Steven Woolfe, who had been seen as the frontrunner, quit the party on Monday. He had been hospitalised after a "scuffle" with fellow MEP Mike Hookem. UKIP is looking for a new leader following the shock resignation of Diane James.
The Danish Girl is based on the life of Elbe - a transgender woman. Eddie has been working with Alexandra Reynolds, a movement coach. Alicia Vikander will play Gerda Wegener, Elbe's wife. The film will be directed by Tom Hooper, who also made The King's Speech.
Five-time world champion David Ginola was beaten 4-3 in the quarter-finals. He will now play in the semi-finals against former world champion Tom Cleverley. Ginola won the first leg 4-2 in a tight encounter. The second leg will take place at the same venue on Sunday. The quarter-final will be played for the first time in the history of the tournament.
TfL is recruiting 1,000 people to start wearing the blue badges from 12 September. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he hoped they would "give confidence" to people who find standing difficult. The six-week trial is believed to be the first of its kind in Europe.
Featherstone Rovers duo caught with anabolic steroids in their systems during out-of-competition tests. Both players have been suspended from all sport until December 2016. UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) head of science and medicine Nick Wojek says players may have thought they had a better chance of getting away with it as it was pre-season.
The state government has vowed to make the city, the biggest in Africa, noise-free by 2020. Some estimates put Lagos' population at around 20 million, creating a constant background of noise. In August, the Lagos State Environmental Protection Agency (LEPA) closed 22 premises.
Kirk Millar and Andrew Waterworth scored two to put Linfield 3-1 up. Kris Lindsay pulled one back for Glenavon. Mark Haughey got the winner for Linfield with a deflected header. The win moves Linfield up to sixth in the Scottish Championship.
Each year, an estimated 92,000 people in England are believed to need end of life care but not receive it. As increasing numbers of people develop and live with dementia, it is vital that doctors talk about the kind of end-of-life care people would choose, while people are healthy.
Rangers have raised a total of £22.2m through a share issue. The club had aimed to raise £10m of investments in the club from small-scale retail buyers of shares. The shares in Rangers International Football Club plc will start trading on Wednesday morning.
Parents of brides cannot invite more than 500 guests, and the number has been limited to 400 for grooms. No more than seven main dishes can be served to "ensure that there is no wastage of any food items" The state had imposed a similar ban in 1984, but it was revoked after protests.
Sunday Times editor Martin Ivens says Adrian Gill had been "a giant among journalists" and the "heart and soul" of the paper. The columnist told the newspaper last month that he had been diagnosed with the "full English" of cancers. The final column by Gill will be featured in tomorrow's Sunday Times.
The 54-year-old has spent seven years overseeing the Premier League side's youth set-up. Allen started his career as a youth player with Swindon Town before moving to San Diego to take up a football scholarship and business and accounting degree. He attained the position of managing director of MTV's broadcast division in London during a 13-year spell with the global music corporation.
Germany and no other European nation insisted on a summit with Turkey this week. Turkey is key to resolving Europe's current migration chaos. But trust between Turkey and the EU is not strong. The EU's credibility is crumbling and Greece, stuck with tens of thousands of stalled migrants, threatens to implode.
Ronan Toolis led the excavation works at Trusty's Hill Fort at Gatehouse of Fleet. Mr Toolis said it was "pre-eminent among the kingdoms of the north" at that time. The location of Rheged had previously been thought by many historians to be in Cumbria.
Tyrone van Aswegen shares the lead with Daniel Berger, Russell Henley and Marc Leishman. Scot Knox carded a three-under-par 67 - matching his first-round score. Englishman Casey also shot 67 and is among six players at five under par.
Annan Athletic beat Hamilton Academical 4-1 in the Scottish Cup fourth round. Omar, the son of refugees from Iraqi Kurdistan, was featured in the local press. Annan's dream ended in the fifth round though, when they lost to Morton. For more information about how to get into football, take a look at the Get Inspired page.
94% of 131 councils it spoke to were intending to put up bills. 34% intend to hike bills by more than 2% in April. Government says council tax is expected to be lower in real terms at the end of this Parliament than it was in 2010. But the Welsh government has said it will not allow councils to raise bills to pay for social care.
Dave Robins from Swanley, Kent, leased non-emergency ambulances to Coperforma. He began providing them in July after two other suppliers went bust. Mr Robins said he has only received one payment from the company. He said he lost almost Â£200,000 in the summer after two patient transport companies in Sussex went Bust.
The 27-year-old has won the women's World Cup and Olympic gold with her country. Lyon won the treble of Champions League, French league and French cup last season. Morgan said the decision to leave "wasn't easy" but she hoped the move "pushes my game to another level" She has scored 73 goals in 120 games for the US.
Japan's Ayana Onozuka (89.80) took gold in Sierra Nevada. France's Marie Martinod (87.00) and American Devin Logan (84.20) finished second and third. Cheshire, 21, has missed much of the past three years because of repeated concussions.
Adams won on her professional debut on Saturday but was frustrated to fight over four two-minute rounds. WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman said some boxing jurisdictions had taken "steps backwards" in allowing longer rounds in the women's sport. Adams' next bout in Leeds on 13 May is on the undercard of Josh Warrington's WBC International featherweight title fight.
Sevilla held to a 1-1 draw at home in the first leg of their Europa League semi-final. Kevin Gameiro scored the only goal of the game from the penalty spot. The result leaves Sevilla on course for a third consecutive Europa League win. Only Liverpool or Villarreal can prevent them from doing so.
Russia deploys 14 military jets to Crimea, as part of a squadron of 30 that will be stationed on the peninsula. President Vladimir Putin said that Russia "poses no threat to anyone" and would "resist efforts to draw it into geopolitical intrigue" German Chancellor Angela Merkel launched a strong attack on Russia's actions against Ukraine.
Danny Willett is the first Englishman to win the Masters since Nick Faldo in 1996. His caddie Jonathan Smart is claiming a bit of the credit for his heroics. The friends share their memories of an unforgettable Sunday afternoon. When Danny Won The Masters is on BBC Two at 15:00 BST on Sunday, 2 April.
Ludwig recently celebrated his third birthday with his owners Liane Scholz and Mike Maughan. He can play a small toy piano and is even named after a musician.Simon Ward reports from London for The Mail on Sunday. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Sinn Féin's national chairperson Declan Kearney accused Mrs Foster and her party of "unvarnished arrogance" over the "growing political crisis" He repeated an earlier call by his party colleague Martin McGuinness that Mrs Foster should step aside as first minister. The DUP leader set up the RHI scheme in 2012.
David Crompton, 52, is to step down in November after four years in the post. Report by Prof John Drew found the force's response to the abuse was "inadequate" It was commissioned after the Jay Report found 1,400 girls were abused in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013.
Diabetes UK Cymru says there are now 177,212 people in Wales living with the condition. It said if the trend continues these figures could rise to 288,000 by 2025. Many cases of type 2 diabetes can be prevented but there is no way of preventing type 1.
The 28-year-old has also played for Wisla Plock and Podbeskidzie. "I've had a really good impression from everybody that I've met so far," he says. "My good features are that I am a strong player, and I am also very calm on the ball"
LINK - which operates the network of 70,000 ATMs in the UK - said that its commercial model is "under review" Some banks are thought to be unhappy about the fees they currently pay. At the moment around 75% of ATMs are free to use.
Malaysia's attorney general cleared Mr Najib of allegations of corruption on Tuesday after ruling that the money was a donation from the Saudi royal family. Saudi source said the donation was made amid concern in Riyadh about the influence of the Muslim Brotherhood. Questions are still being asked about the secretive nature of the money transfer, and the fact that Malaysia's prime minister returned 91% of it just four months later.
Eubank Jr will be defending his British middleweight title for the first time. The fight against unbeaten Doran, 28, is on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's IBF heavyweight title defence against Dominic Breazeale at London's O2 Arena. Eubank Sr, who was a two-time world champion in the 1990s, admitted he lost his killer instinct after the 1991 rematch with Michael Watson.
Officers raided a workshop in the port of Izmir, where they say they found life jackets stuffed with packaging rather than buoyancy aids. The four workers making the jackets included two young Syrian girls. On Tuesday, the bodies of 34 migrants were found along Turkey's coast. Many were wearing life jackets.
Mark Coshever, 39, admitted "affray" and entering the field of play. He was given an eight-week sentence, suspended for 12 months. Southend magistrates also gave him a five-year football banning order. This means he is not allowed within one mile of the ground four hours before or after games.
Rajiv Ouseph won his eighth men's singles title, beating Alex Lane. Fontaine Chapman triumphed after twice being a beaten finalist. Marcus Ellis and Christopher Langridge won the men's doubles. Heather Olver and Lauren Smith beat Sophie Brown and Kate Robertshaw.
Shrewsbury are now without a win in seven games. Billy Sharp put the visitors ahead with a low shot. Abu Ogogo equalised from Sullay Kaikai's cross. Che Adams won it for United, firing in low from the edge of the box.
Poland beat Romania 3-0 in their Group E clash in Bucharest. Kamil Grosicki put the hosts in front after 11 minutes. Robert Lewandowski added a third from the penalty spot in injury time. The match was interrupted for a minute after fans threw flares and firecrackers on the pitch.
The government has set aside nearly $10.4m for the project. The only rule is that "whatever you design needs to be able to be created in the real world" The results could be used to improve national parks around the country. The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2015.
The RMT union had claimed some workers were paid less than  £4 an hour. The new arrangement will see the service return to its original contract. The deal is expected to be finalised early next month, the RMT said. The service operates three ferries and two cargo boats to the Northern Isles.
The Ospreys lost 33-27 at home to Bordeaux-Begles on Saturday. They are 14 points adrift of their Welsh rivals in the Pro12 table. Tandy's side travel to Cardiff on Saturday to face the Scarlets in the final round of fixtures.
Ackerman was initially banned in October last year after being found guilty of corruption. He had laid bets against a horse knowing its jockey aimed not to win. His fine of £5,000 was quashed upon appeal, at the invitation of the British Horseracing Authority.
Nato's role will shift to a mainly training and support mission from 1 January. Ceremony was low-key - held inside a gymnasium at the alliance headquarters. At its peak, the US-led deployment involved more than 130,000 personnel. Nearly 3,500 foreign troops have been killed since the beginning of the mission.
NPD members have taken part in a series of anti-immigrant marches in Germany. Germany's constitutional court is currently considering whether to ban the party. A previous attempt to ban it failed in 2003 because the judges dismissed evidence provided by state agents who had infiltrated the NPD. The NPD's stance is part of widespread anxiety about the influx of non-EU migrants.
Philip Clayton, 43, died at the scene in Buxton Road, Hazel Grove. A 23-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital. A man and a woman were also taken to hospital with serious injuries. Police are appealing for witnesses to contact them.
Carwyn Jones said the PM had a "tin ear" on matters of devolution. He warned the future of the UK could be under threat if the UK government did not listen to the other administrations. He called for more "partnership working" in the vein of the city deal.
Former England cricketer to take charge of England's first Test against India on February 14. The 36-year-old has been in the England squad since the 1980s. He was part of the England side that won the Ashes in Australia in 1990. The match was the first time England had beaten Australia in a Test since 1966.
Joseph Brown-Lartey died when his car was hit by a car driven by Addil Haroon. Haroon, then 18, drove through a red light in a residential area at 80mph. He was later jailed for six years and his father said it was like being "kicked in the teeth twice"
The animals were happily munching in the front garden of a house in Drummond Road close to its junction with the busier Culduthel Road. Police received calls from members of the public who were both concerned for the sheep and seeking to reunite the animals with their owner.
Greece's list of reforms is contained in a letter from the Greek government to its European partners. Below are some of the main points from the list, alongside analysis and comment from BBC economics correspondent Andrew Walker. The list includes measures to tackle corruption, smuggling and money laundering. Also on the list is labour market reforms.
Some 320 inmates were held inside until March 2013 when it closed. The site's new owners, City & Country Group, have invited people to share their thoughts on what should happen to the 220-year-old building. Previous suggestions for the site have included housing, a museum and a hotel complex.
Cotton said she was stepping down for "family and new adventures" Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl led the tributes with a phone message. Coldplay's Chris Martin wrote a new song - Gone But Not F. Cotton. DJ hand-picked the playlist for her final show, playing favourites.
Watson, 22, is charged with an "act contrary to good sportsmanship" The first offence alleges he used "offensive, inappropriate and unprofessional" language after being sent off. If found guilty, the minimum punishment is a two-week suspension. Watson featured in every Six Nations game for England this year.
Dan Holman scored twice as Cheltenham beat Woking 3-0. The striker has now scored nine goals in 10 games for the Robins. Holman is now second in the National League scoring charts on 23 goals. Chelteningham remain two points clear of Forest Green at the top of the league.
Archaeologists found a 14-faced dice made of animal tooth with ancient Chinese writing on it. They also discovered 21 game pieces with numbers painted onto them, as well as a broken tile decorated with two eyes. The game is said to be called "bo", but researchers are unsure how it was played.
The 35-year-old has signed a two-year deal with the Scottish club. He was playing in the Confederations Cup with Portugal when he joined the club. "I am looking forward to playing and learning," he says. "It is going to be a good experience for me"
China's consumer price index (CPI) rose 1.6% in September compared with a year earlier. That was lower than analysts' forecasts of 1.8%, and down from the rate of 2% recorded in August.Producer prices fell for a 43rd straight month as manufacturers cut prices to win business.
Jazz Richards has not played since the 2-0 defeat by Derby County on 27 September. Cardiff boss Neil Warnock says Richards has taken longer than expected to return. Richards will return to training before the Boxing Day trip to Brentford. Warnock does not expect to make any attempt to sign Crystal Palace goalkeeper Julian Speroni.
Virgin Galactic's SpaceShip Two, crashed during a test run over the desert in California. One pilot was killed and another is recovering in hospital. Investigators say it's too soon to determine the exact cause of the crash and it may take as long as a year to carry out the investigation.
Earlier in the morning we saw a number of airstrikes in the Old City. Iraqi forces were still pinned down by snipers from the group that calls itself Islamic State. Colonel Jabbar Abad told us it was the last pocket of resistance. He claimed they would be defeated within hours.
Scientists found that exposure to neonicotinoids and coumaphos lowered brain activity. The chemicals are used to control pests on oil seed rape and other crops. The European Commission recently called for a temporary moratorium on the use of the chemicals. But 14 out of the 27 EU nations - including the UK and Germany - opposed the proposal.
Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research will recruit 34 PhD students and six post-doctoral research associates. Money will be used for renewable energy projects with a particular focus on wave and tidal power generation. Funding is from the Interreg programme which supports projects in NI.
Thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the Great Pyramid. Possible causes included the existence of empty areas inside the pyramid, internal air currents, or the use of different building materials. It comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids.
The device was found at Corfe Mullen, Dorset on Tuesday morning. A Military Explosive Ordnance Disposal team (EOD) has set up a 1,000m exclusion zone at Henbury Quarry. Local roads within the cordon and the A350 will be closed from 09:30.
Michal Konrad Herba, 36, was held on a European Arrest Warrant at an address in Tividale, West Midlands. Ms Ayling, 20, was allegedly abducted and held by a group calling itself "Black Death" for five days. She is believed to have been transported in a bag to an isolated village near Turin, Italy.
Prank TV shows have risen in popularity, but have also earned criticism in recent years for taking things too far. Egyptian actor Ramez Galal has established himself as a major TV prankster, with a series of programmes featuring celebrities in increasingly extreme scenarios. But one popular show entitled The Shock appears to buck this trend, with more traditional pranks, rather than terrifying ordeals.
GM will also hire 1,000 new workers in Ontario to focus on research for connected and driverless cars. Canada has been fighting to keep carmakers in the country. Many have been lured to Mexico where production is cheaper and the cars have same tariff free access to the US market.
Rob Ford was diagnosed with cancer in 2014, keeping him from running for mayor again. His wife, Renata, hugged supporters who lined up to pay tribute to her husband. Former prime minister Stephen Harper, whom Ford supported in his re-election bid last year, said he was a "fighter throughout life"
The car owner contacted the AA after the cub was seen darting under a wheel arch and up into the engine bay of the Audi SQ5. Patrolman Jason Robertson spotted a dangling leg and was able to pull the animal - which had made its way into the gearbox - free. The cub, now named Basset, was unhurt.
Researchers from Glasgow University studied recorded speech of Glaswegians from the early 20th Century to the present. They found evidence of common UK accent changes, such as the use of "f" for "th" in words like think, and a dropped letter 'l', as in people to peopo.
Officials at Grade II listed Guildford Cathedral said last year it was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork. A £7m fundraising campaign was launched and now has only £500,000 left to meet the final target. The building is the last Church of England cathedral to be consecrated on a new site.
US government statistics show that on average, women are paid less than their male counterparts. The median wage of a woman working full-time all year in America is about $39,600. Aileen Rizo took a similar stand against her employer after she learned she was receiving less pay than a new male employee.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 20 points to end at 20,914.62. The broader S&P 500 index dipped by just three points to finish at 2,378.23. Among the individual shares to rise was jewellery firm Tiffany's after it reported better-than-expected results.
The All Party Parliamentary Group on social mobility says all interns should be paid after their first month. The group's chair, Justin Madders, called for better access to "top jobs for those from less advantaged homes" It follows concerns that jobs in areas such as law, medicine and the media are disproportionately filled by socially-advantaged, privately-educated youngsters.
First Minister Alex Salmond confirmed the project will receive an award of £2.2m. The government has a target for the equivalent of 100% of Scotland's electricity consumption to come from renewable sources by 2020. Environmental charity WWF Scotland welcomed the news saying it would bring extra jobs as well as cheaper energy.
Katy Bethel, 28, and Aaron Harris, 33, charged with aiding and abetting unlawful immigration. The couple were arrested on 4 July 2015 at Coquelles' Eurotunnel check-in. Ms Bethel was six months pregnant with her fourth child at the time.
Fidel Castro brought revolution to Cuba in the 1950s and created the western hemisphere's first Communist state. His beard, long speeches, cigar, army fatigues and defiance of the United States earned him iconic status across the globe. Since the fall of the US-backed dictatorship of Fulgencio Batista in 1959, Cuba has been a one-party state.
Alastair Cook scored three centuries to inspire England's 2-1 win in India. Clarke described Cook as a "most impressive young man and leads from the front" He also praised Kevin Pietersen's performance following his reintegration. Clarke also commended team director Andy Flower on his planning for the series.
One-year-old Teenie was found injured by her owner in NiddryView, Winchburgh. The animal had been shot twice in the shoulder and once in its left back leg. The Scottish SPCA urged anyone with information about the incident to contact them.
Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK where same-sex marriage is still banned. The issue is one of the major stumbling blocks in the ongoing Stormont crisis. It coincides with the first official visit to Northern Ireland by Irish Prime Minister Leo Varadkar. He will attend a pride festival breakfast event on Saturday morning.
East of England Euro-MP Richard Howitt is to become chief executive of the International Integrated Reporting Council. The IIRC brings together a coalition of business, investment, regulatory and civil society representatives from around the world. Mr Howitt said: "It will be a great privilege to apply my experience in Europe to a truly international role"
HBO confirmed it had experienced a "cyber incident" in a statement. In an email published by Entertainment Weekly, the hackers appeared to offer more details in exchange for favourable coverage. The group says it has 1.5 terabytes of the company's data and posted episodes of Ballers and Room 104 online.
The inquiry is being led by the Sexual Offences, Exploitation and Child Abuse Command. Police want anyone with information or concerns to contact them or the NSPCC. Kids Company said it was not aware of the nature of any allegations and its priority was the safety of its clients.
Freeman won an Oscar for his role in Million Dollar Baby in 2005. He was also nominated for a best supporting actor Oscar for 1997's Street Smart. The AFI's Lifetime Achievement award is considered one of the highest honours in the US for a film actor.
Sussex Police and South East Counter Terrorism Unit searching one residential address. Arrest is not linked to any immediate threat in the UK, police said. Crawley MP Henry Smith said police told him early this morning that a 40-year-old man had been arrested at a property in the Langley Green area.
Under the adverse conditions, RBS's capital levels fell by 7.5 percentage points - the third biggest fall of the 51 banks tested. RBS said the tests showed it had made "continued progress". RBS was bailed out by the government in 2008 and the UK taxpayer continues to hold a 73% stake in the bank.
Isle of Wight Council said new procedures were in response to a resident's complaint. Councillor Shirley Smart said it would "initially result in a slower service" originally passengers and vehicles boarded or disembarked the so called "floating bridge" at the same time.
Simon, 29, joined the Wildcats from Catalans Dragons, and has played nine times in Super League this year. Coach Chris Chester told BBC Radio Leeds: "It's massive and I'm really pleased that he has put pen to paper. He has been a stand-out player for us over the last few weeks"
The Ministry of Justice said there was "no obligation" to name people. The online form has been updated to make the legal process more user-friendly. There were just over 100,000 divorces granted in England and Wales in 2015. Adultery was the reason for 12,148 of them.
The migratory bird of prey has returned to RSPB Scotland's Loch Garten reserve, near Grantown on Spey, for its 14th season. Previous drama-filled visits have included having her eggs kicked out of the nest by rival males. Reserve staff have compared her seasons to a TV soap.
A quarter of 15 to 18-year-olds in the UK feel happier online than they do in real life. Dr Radha from The Surgery on Radio 1 has dealt with patients who have displayed "a lot of social anxiety" because they are using social networks too much. She said it is important people carefully consider what information they share with the online community.
Maria Zakharova said Jews had told her they donated both to Mr Trump and Hillary Clinton. She was speaking on a chat show on Russian state TV at the weekend. Anti-US propagandists in the last century peddled an idea that rich New York Jews controlled US politics.
The station was evacuated shortly before 09:00 BST and trains did not stop for nearly two hours. London Ambulance Service said it treated four people at Oxford Circus for smoke inhalation, two of whom were taken to hospital as a precaution. The station reopened and services resumed at around 10:50.
Egypt's Interior Ministry said it would not comment until it had studied the report. The perpetrators are rarely held to account and the impunity points to a "cynical political strategy aimed at silencing all opposition" Victims include student demonstrators, human rights activists, gay people and children.
Celtic striker is the PFA Scotland Player of the Year. Griffiths has scored 39 goals in the Scottish Premiership this season. Celtic can clinch the title with a point against Aberdeen at the weekend. Manager Ronny Deila will step down at the end of the current campaign.
The rate hit 5.1% in the three months to November - its lowest rate since October 2005. The number of people out of work fell by 99,000 to 1.68 million. Average weekly earnings, including bonuses, were up 2%, the slowest increase since February.
Ofcom received five complaints about the show, which aired on UKTV's Watch channel on 6 December. UKTV said the programme was broadcast in error and was unsuitable for a pre-watershed transmission. In the 14-minute segment, Brown sought to demonstrate a technique to limit pain and bleeding.
Britain's Adam Peaty finishes fifth in the 4x100m mixed medley relay final. The 22-year-old was just short of the world record he set in the semi-final. He also retained his 100m title on Monday in a time of 25.99 seconds.
Police in Australia and Europe were aware of a paedophile site called the Love Zone hidden in the so-called dark web. Members had to post increasingly graphic material to remain on the site. There were tens of thousands of accounts. One user who stood out was Huckle - given the number of children he had access to and his aggressive attitude.
Wu Shiyun was one of four chosen to live in a capsule designed to mimic being on another planet. The experiment looked at how food and air could be used and sustained under controlled conditions. It was also a chance to see how four individuals could live together in a space no bigger than a netball court.
Guido Amsel, 49, targeted law firms that represented him or his ex-wife. One bomb exploded at an office last Friday, severely injuring a woman. Two more explosive devices were found at law firms over the weekend. Mr Amsel has been charged with two counts of attempted murder.
Murdoch follows fellow midfielder Rocco Quinn out of Dundee United. The 26-year-old joins on an initial one-year deal at Tannadice. Murdoch joined County last summer after his departure from Fleetwood Town. Ray McKinnon says Murdoch is the type of player United need this season.
The crew was taken in August while travelling through territory largely controlled by extremist militants. A government spokesman said the bodies were found near the city of Al Bayda, close to the site of the kidnapping. IS-affiliated militants have established a strong presence in parts of Libya, including Derna.
Lucas failed to complete the first of the 10-race series but recovered to win seven of the next nine. The 40-year-old is the only confirmed member of the British Paralympic team for the Rio Games. "It's been a really good regatta and great to start 2016 off with a win," she said.
Mr Johnson highlighted growing concerns among students about not getting good value for money. He also warned universities to stop "excessive" pay for vice-chancellors. But Mr Johnson rejected calls to scrap tuition fees - saying it would be a "disaster of historic proportions"
Kulbhushan Jadhav has been sentenced to death by a Pakistani court. He is accused of spying for India in Pakistan. India says he was kidnapped by the Pakistani government. Pakistan says it will appeal the sentence. The two countries have a long history of diplomatic spats.
The bomber struck at the entrance of the city's main port facilities. Residents say the blast could be heard across Mogadishu. No group has said it carried out the attack, but the Somali Islamist group al-Shabab often carries out such bombings in the capital.
The victim was threatened with a knife and handed over a sum of money. The occupant managed to release himself before raising the alarm. Police have appealed for information about the incident in Windsor Avenue, London. The victim was not injured in the incident on Monday night at about 10:00 BST.
The RSPCA said there had been a total of 137 convictions in the same period. The maximum sentence for offenders is six months in prison and/or an unlimited fine. But campaigners want it to be raised to up to three years. Dog rescue centre owner says offenders only care about financial gain.
The group, a mix of students and activists, were arrested while taking part in a protest two weeks ago against a new education bill. They face possible jail terms on charges including insulting civil servants and refusing to disperse. Video of the protests showing people being cornered by police and beaten sparked international condemnation.
Inspectors criticised Darul Uloom school when they saw a "female governor sat out of sight of the male governors in an adjacent room" But a statement from the school says the school did not segregate, but was respecting the governor's choice.Among the 22 schools inspected 15 were Muslim and seven Christian.
Jack Beales, 93, of Rhyl, carried out the attacks while she was a young girl. Court heard the abuse began when she was aged six and continued for about 10 years. Judge Rhys Rowlands said Beales had destroyed his victim's childhood. He denied five charges of rape and six other sexual offences but was unanimously convicted.
The U's led at half-time through Piero Mingoia but the game was transformed by goals from Shrimps pair Jack Dunn and Paul Mullin in the space of three minutes after the hour. The visitors levelled in the 62nd minute when Dunn converted from the penalty spot.
The teenager was detained at Riverside Retail Park in Coleraine. The arrest was made by detectives from the PSNI's Reactive and Organised Crime Branch. No further details about the case are being made available at present, a PSNI spokesman said. Click here to read more about the arrest of the teenager.
Striker suffered a shin injury while on international duty with Trinidad and Tobago. Russell Slade said there was no break and Jones will be assessed once he returns to Wales. The 31-year-old missed the opening four games of the season after being deemed unfit following his involvement in the Gold Cup.
Teachers' pay increases have been limited to 1% or less for the past five years. The government aims to keep to this limit for the next four years. Head teachers say school budgets are already at breaking point. But the DfE maintains new trainees can benefit from financial support, a good salary and job security.
Cuadrilla, the firm behind the tests, said drilling had been suspended as a precaution after the 1.5 magnitude tremor. It will now examine the data collected by the British Geological Survey (BGS) before deciding whether to resume. A tremor centred on Poulton-le-Fylde on 1 April shared a "similar location and mechanism"
The Beyond Caravaggio exhibition features the work of the Italian artist and 30 other artists from all over Europe who were influenced by him. It is a collaboration with the National Galleries in London and Dublin. The four paintings to be shown include The Supper at Emmaus (1601) and Boy bitten by a Lizard (about 1594-5)
Security expert says Apple should make two-factor authentication the default option. It follows suggestions third-party software had been used to steal intimate photos of celebrities. Apple had offered the two-step verification system in the past, until now it had not come into play when device owners used the firm's back-up service.
The wrongful death lawsuit was filed at a district court in Washington DC. Marie Colvin was reporting from the rebel-held area of Baba Amr, in Homs, when she was killed by government artillery. Relatives say they have evidence that she was murdered as part of a policy of deliberately killing journalists.
Archie Darby died on 13 October after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog in Harwich Road, Colchester. His 22-month-old brother Daniel-Jay was left with "life-changing injuries" The dog was put down with the consent of its owner - the children's aunt.
Cuts blamed on reduced government spending and a drop in National Lottery ticket sales. About 60% of funding is made up from Scottish Government money, with lottery sales making up the rest. Former badminton player Susan Egelstaff, a double bronze medallist at the Commonwealth Games, fears the cuts will have "a huge impact"
Babies born to overweight mothers are more likely to suffer heart disease or strokes or develop type 2 diabetes in later life. Researchers say every pregnant woman should have access to dieticians and psychologists to help protect the health of their future children. The ongoing Dorian project is funded by the European Commission.
The weapons were probably thrown into a loch as part of a religious ceremony. They are the first of their kind to be found in Argyll for many years. The weapons will be displayed at the Isle of Coll's An Cridhe community centre on Thursday and Friday.
The incident happened at Patterton station at about 23:30 on Saturday 3 October. The teenager was punched from behind and stamped on as he lay on the ground. He suffered facial injuries, including an injury to his eye, but did not require hospital treatment. His mobile phone was also stolen.
Manchester-born man reportedly had a "special obsession" with a girl he taught. He was arrested in Valladolid, north-west Spain as part of an Interpol investigation. Police found a large number of sexually explicit files involving minors at the home of the teacher.
Taylor Swift came in second on the Forbes list, taking home an estimated $64m (£40m) Pink, who played 85 dates during the time period Forbes used to make its estimates, came in third. Rihanna in fourth with $48m (£30m) and Katy Perry, who took home $40m (£25m), in fifth.
The three-time World Cup winner's medal is worth an estimated £140,000. He has scored 1,363 goals in the competition. The medal is the most expensive in the history of the World Cup. The other two medals are worth between £20,000 and £50,000 each.
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said it was a "hurtful action" and that Australia had "belittled" the row. Jakarta would review co-operation, he said. Australian PM Tony Abbott expressed regret but said he would not apologise.
Footage shows gunmen beating and shooting a group of prisoners. Unconfirmed reports say troops have now quit all bases near the strategic northern town of Saraqeb. In all, more than 150 people reportedly died in fighting, said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights (SOHR), a UK-based activist group.
Organic farming could provide habitat for birds, bees and other wildlife. Study by University of Swansea shows benefits of non-organic farming. But scientists warn it could lead to loss of biodiversity. The study was published in the Proceedings of the Royal Society of the United Kingdom (RSPB)
The letter says fans are being "ripped-off by touts who anonymously exploit fair ticket prices via online ticket marketplaces" It is signed by managers for the UK's biggest live acts including One Direction, Little Mix, Radiohead, Mumford and Sons, Iron Maiden and Arctic Monkeys.
The bank levy is an annual tax on the value of all of the UK banks' debts. The Treasury hopes the tax will bring in £2.6bn every year. It's equivalent to about 19% of the reported profits before tax of the big five banks over the 12 months to September this year.
Bonds globally lost $1.29tn (Â£1tn) last week, according to Bank of America. There is no sign that the bond sell-off is easing, depressing the value of some pension investments. Rising government borrowing costs were one of the central features of the region's financial crisis.
Tesco's UK like-for-like sales were up 0.3% in the 13 weeks to 28 May. For the group as a whole, including its businesses in Ireland, the European mainland and Asia, the rise was 0.9%. Tesco also said it had agreed to sell its Harris & Hoole coffee shop chain to Caffe Nero.
The motorist received a Â£100 fine and three points on their licence. Dorset Police said when the driver was stopped he said: "I was trying to find that new Sam Smith song on You tube because I didn't have it on my phone" The singer has released the song Writing's On The Wall as the theme to the new James Bond film Spectre.
Dame Judi, 79, has age-related macular degeneration (AMD) The condition affects more than 600,000 people in the UK. The actress said she had no plans to step away from the stage or the camera. She is currently in India filming The Best Exotic Marigold Hotel 2.
The bus was stopped on a road near the town of Bury St Edmunds. It is believed the driver did not realise the road was closed. The driver was taken to hospital for treatment. The incident is being investigated by the local council and the police. The road is now back to normal after the incident.
A partial eclipse was visible in Australia, parts of South East Asia and the Pacific. A partial eclipse of the sun was seen in parts of Australia, South EastAsia and thePacific. The partial eclipse occurred at 2:30pm local time (9:30am GMT) on August 21, 2013.
The UK is one of the few countries in the world that does not have a national health insurance scheme. The UK is the only country in Europe that doesn't have a National Health Insurance Scheme. It is the first time in history that the UK has had such a system in place.
Denbigh Infirmary's rating of one star was called "abysmal" by Clwyd West AM Darren Millar. The number of cases of C.diff per 100,000 people was 51 in the Betsi Cadwaladr health board area, compared to 36 in Wales and 25 in England.
The Conservatives have been given a huge confidence boost and will feel in a position to challenge in more constituencies next year. The party will also have a huge amount of new data on voters which it'll be able to call upon. What will be more difficult is countering the argument on the NHS, which the former minister Alun Davies believes is already lost.
Two separate reports have suggested Trawsfynydd could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor (SMR) About 300 workers are decommissioning the plant which began in 1995, two years after it ceased operating. It is due to enter a care and maintenance period in 2016.
The Commons has been reduced to a single chamber after a series of resignations. The new Speaker will be the first woman to hold the post since Lord Tebbit. The Commons will be reduced to one chamber for the first time since the Second World War. It will be known as the House of Commons.
A group of MPs has called on the government to legalise medical cannabis. The All Party Parliamentary Group (APPG) for Drug Policy Reform took evidence from 623 patients, professionals and experts. There is good evidence that it helps alleviate the symptoms of chronic pain, MS and nausea associated with chemotherapy. The NHS warns that cannabis use carries a number of risks, such as impairing the ability to drive.
Tunisia was the first country to depose its leader in the Arab Spring. Voter turnout had reached 36.8% after four and a half hours of voting. Mr Essebsi's office said there were "indications" that he had won. A spokesman for Mr Marzouki said the claims were "without foundation"
Alan Archibald expects to lose Bannigan in the summer. The 28-year-old has agreed a pre-contract to sign for Thistle on a three-year deal. It will be Erskine's third spell with Dundee United's Scottish Premiership rivals.
MPs on the Public Accounts Committee accused them of making corporate taxable income "vanish into thin air" But the tax chiefs, including from PwC and KPMG, said many common assumptions about avoidance schemes were wrong. All the Big Four provide technical advice to Whitehall on the drafting of tax legislation.
Researchers found a 90% fall in levels of the human papilloma virus (HPV) in Scottish women since the vaccine was made available in 2008. Scientists hope the drop in HPV cases will lead to a significant drop in future cervical cancer cases. HPV virus types are thought to account for about 90% of cervical cancers.
Warnock had discussions with a number of clubs in the summer, including Nottingham Forest, before joining Cardiff. The 67-year-old believes Bruce is the right man to bring success to Villa following their Premier League relegation. Warnock believes Bruce deserved a crack at the England job.
Helmut Oberlander says he was forced to act as a translator for the squad and did not participate in atrocities. He has fought three prior attempts by Canada to strip his citizenship and won. His lawyer says Mr Oberlander will also fight this latest citizenship revocation, calling it "persecution"
Bank of Scotland Business Digital Index assessed small firms in five key skills needed to get the most out of being online. Fewer than a third of small businesses north of the border lacked these basic skills. This compares to a UK average of 38%. Only London rivals Scotland in terms of this measure. Experts said the lack of key digital skills was a primary barrier to doing more business online.
The Dow Jones rose 78 points, or 0.44%, to 17,918.62. The wider S&P 500 index was up 11.18 points to 2,099.73. The tech-focused Nasdaq climbed 36.26 points to 4,859.16.
Syed Ali attacked the teenager in Sunderland's Mowbray Park last year. Ali, from the city's Barnes area, was found guilty after a trial at Newcastle Crown Court. Det Insp Phil Bond said Ali had "preyed on his victim, befriending her and quickly gaining her trust"
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff said the drivers faced "sporting and financial consequences" Wolff refused to give details of the potential sanctions but hinted it could include suspensions from races. The move follows their last-lap collision when Hamilton was trying to pass Rosberg for the lead at Sunday's Austrian Grand Prix.
Internet service providers had until Tuesday to implement the ban. Decision was made following two separate court rulings, which said the websites "spread pornography" Sexually explicit content is not outlawed in Russia, but the law bans "the illegal production, dissemination and advertisement of pornographic materials and objects"
The Victorian Society released its annual list of those in need of help. No properties in London and the South-East have been mentioned for the first time. Red Barns in Redcar, St Paul's Church in Chester, Wakefield's Clayton Hospital and Mount Street Hospital in Preston also feature.
Prime Minister Nouri Maliki is bidding for a third term. He presents himself as the only candidate capable of defeating an al-Qaeda-inspired insurgency. But Sunni Arabs and Kurds accuse Mr Maliki of being too authoritarian and pro-Shia. Some observers think his re-election could endanger Iraq's fragile democracy.
Ms Maréchal-Le Pen, 27, is an MP for the National Front (FN) She had been seen by some as a future leader of the party. She will also quit her position as president of the south-eastern region of Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Wales face Scotland at the Principality Stadium on Friday night. Exeter Chiefs tight-head Francis says he is relieved to be retained. The 24-year-old says he has avoided the worst of the criticism aimed at the team. He says: "It's a bit like a fishbowl isn't it?"
Seven people have been bailed and one released without charge. North Wales Police said the group damaged windows at the Mold branch. A local resident also needed hospital treatment after being assaulted. The incidents happened between 18:00 and 21:00 GMT on Saturday night, police said.
The Dawlish to Teignmouth line connects Cornwall and Devon to the rest of the UK. The line was closed for two months in 2014 after it was destroyed by storms. The report said that 10% of journeys on the line could be affected by 2040. It predicts diverting routes could potentially cost billions of pounds.
Southeastern will also give season ticket-holders from five stations a backdated 20% refund on mainline fares. Dover MP Charlie Elphicke, said the line still needed repairing quickly. He said 15,000 tonnes of rock had been placed on the shingle to protect the railway from heavy seas.
Florence and the Machine have been promoted to the Pyramid Stage. The band has not yet been confirmed as the first act on the bill. Pussy Riot make a surprise appearance in front of a crowd of thousands. The weather is expected to improve later in the day.
Dawn Bowden referred to "Goebbels-like propaganda from the right-wing media" Mr Davies has written to Presiding Officer Elin Jones asking her to remind AMs to use more appropriate language. Ms Bowden said she stood by what she said, criticising the way the "right-wing press" has portrayed recent issues.
My move has set me thinking about the future of business news. There are two words that sum that up: global and digital. Businesses are increasingly organised so that their supply chains and markets extend across national borders. It is vital for business journalists to steer away from closed-economy thinking.
Lasse Christensen has not started a Championship match this season. Striker Woodrow has only started one league match but scored twice in the EFL Cup against Leyton Orient. Both players are available to face QPR on Saturday. Nigel Clough: "It was important to get another striker in"
Dylan is flourishing in year 9 at mainstream school and has made the Down's Syndrome GB swimming squad. His mother and two other mothers of children with Down's syndrome took matters into their own hands. The success of it led to the trio setting up a charity and the support it offers includes speech and language therapy.
Joel Andresier, 39, from Southampton, said the pushchair had been covered in "pretty much every bodily fluid known to science" by his three children. At one stage the highest bid for the three-wheeler stood at more than £150,000. He reset the price after admitting he did not expect the bidder to pay up.
The rate-fixing scandal is the latest in a long line of rate-rigging cases. The case against the U.S. Federal Reserve is expected to be settled in the next few months. The U.N. has been accused of manipulating the rate for its own benefit.
The England Knights player made his Tigers debut as a 16-year-old in 2008. Arundel has made 44 first-team appearances for them, scoring 16 tries. Hull FC's director of rugby Shaun McRae says he is looking to build a winning mentality at the club.
Nigel Edwards, chief executive of the Nuffield Trust, says the hundreds of millions of pounds it will cost could be better spent elsewhere. He says other areas for investment include improving out-of-hospital services and tackling sepsis. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt told the BBC doctors agreed with him.
The 32-year-old's first World Series win since 2012 ended the 13-event winning streak of Gwen Jorgensen. Welsh triathlete also beat British rival Jodie Stimpson. An official announcement due in June on Britain's female triathlon contingent.
NCA will investigate sale of Northern Ireland assets owned by Nama. It will also investigate claims about money contained in an Isle of Man bank account. It is the NCA's first major investigation since it began operating in Northern Ireland in May. The NCA has a level of expertise and resources not available to the PSNI.
Stratolaunch plans to launch unmanned rockets from high-flying aircraft. The giant plane would be powered by six 747 jumbo jet engines. It would have a wingspan of 385ft (117m) and first test flights are scheduled to begin in 2016. Developers say their aircraft could ferry cargo for the commercial satellite industry and the International Space Station.
RSPB Scotland says the decision was a "last resort decision" The decision was made by the Court of Session in Edinburgh. RSPB says it will work with the government to ensure wildlife is protected. The decision will be appealed to the High Court in London, where it was made.
Andrew Steele, 49, admitted rape, indecency offences and failing to turn up for an earlier court date. He told officers his mother was "up in the sky" urging him to confess to the sex crimes when he made his revelations. Steele was remanded in custody and put on the sex offenders register.
The victim was found with multiple injuries to his head and body. He was taken to hospital but later died from his injuries. Police have appealed for witnesses to the incident in Darnall, Sheffield. They are reviewing CCTV footage and speaking to potential witnesses. The incident is still under investigation, police say.
Since violence flared in Juba in July, 340,000 people have fled the violence into Uganda. Every day, on average, another 2,500 South Sudanese become refugees. The civil war began as a dispute between the Dinka President Salva Kiir, and former Vice-President Riek Machar.
Rangers beat Aberdeen 3-0 at Ibrox on Sunday. Kenny Miller, Joe Dodoo and Adam Rooney scored for the hosts. Dons now trail Rangers by nine points in the Scottish Premier League. Manager Alex McInnes says his side must finish second in the league.
Private Derby XXX was promoted to the rank of lance corporal at an event in Chester marking eight years of the Mercian Regiment. The Swaledale ram, who is officially classed as a soldier, received his promotion for "good behaviour" He is the 30th in a line of mascot rams running back to the Indian Mutiny War in the mid-19th Century.
At least one bomber blew himself up outside the mausoleum of Mohammed bin Ali al-Hadi. Another bomber is said to have blown himself up among fleeing worshippers. IS said five of its members had carried out the raid on the site in Balad. The militant group follows an extreme form of Sunni Islam.
Binge-watching is up 200% on 2014, according to the Collins English Dictionary. It reflects a marked change in viewing habits, due to subscription services like Netflix. Other entries include dadbod, ghosting and clean eating. Those words that remain popular could be included in the next print edition of theCollins English Dictionary, due in 2018.
Scolari, 65, won the tournament in 2002 but the hosts could only finish fourth at this year's event. Brazil were thrashed 7-1 by Germany in the semi-finals then lost 3-0 to the Netherlands in the play-off. CBF vice president Marco Polo del Nero last week offered the manager his full backing.
Drugs such as tamoxifen and bulsufan are now 10 times more expensive. British Generic Manufacturers Association said trusts often paid much less than the list price. Department for Health said it has plans to cut generic drug costs. Researchers said NHS negotiations with drug companies were failing to contain costs.
The $5m prize is supposed to be awarded each year to an elected leader who governed well, raised living standards and then left office. This is the fourth time in five years there has been no winner. Kenya's Mwai Kibaki met at least one of the criteria.
Storm Barbara could see winds gusting to 90mph over western and northern parts of Scotland. amber warning is in place from 12:00 Friday to 06:00 Saturday. Yellow "be aware" warnings are also in place for Scotland for Wednesday to Saturday. Western Isles Council has shut the Braighe, the causeway to Point on Lewis.
Michelle Terry will take over from Emma Rice in April 2018. She has performed at the Globe in As You Like It, A Midsummer Night's Dream and Love's Labour's Lost. Terry won an Olivier award for her performance in Tribes at the Royal Court in 2010.
Angharad Bullock was reported missing on 28 April, along with the toddler. Officers are concerned for the welfare of the pair, who are believed to be in their late 20s and early 30s. South Wales Police are appealing for information on the pair's whereabouts.
Lion Babe first came to attention in 2012 with Treat Me Like Fire. Frontwoman Jillian Hervey and co-writer Lucas Goodman have worked with the likes of Mark Ronson, Childish Gambino and Pharrell Williams. Their new single Wonder Woman was produced by Pharrell.
Slave Labour disappeared from a wall in Wood Green, north London, in February. It appeared in a Miami sale but was removed after protests by Haringey Council. It is now up for auction in June in Covent Garden by the Sincura Group. A local councillor and the local Trades Union Congress have attacked the sale.
Official numbers showed revenues down 32.2% for the period to 16.4bn Macau patacas ($2.05bn; Â£1.36bn) Macau is the world's largest gaming centre - ahead of Las Vegas - and the only place in China where casinos are allowed. Chinese President Xi Jinping's campaign against corruption and luxury spending has seen officials and others from the mainland more wary of gaming.
Several writers have returned their awards in protest at right-wing attacks. The Akademi has called on the government to take action to protect freedom of speech. Some of the writers say they will not return their awards if the government does not take steps to protect free speech.
BA English Studies, BA History with Social Sciences and MA Women's Studies are being discontinued. College principal Chris Wilkes said the decision was related to "low student numbers rather than any other reason" He said it would continue to focus on adult education. Online petitions have been set up in a bid to save the English faculty.
David Ellis, 40, has been arrested in Ireland. Retired telecoms engineer Mr Warburton, 59, has not been seen since 31 July. Police launched an appeal for information after he went missing. His M-reg Peugeot 205 had been spotted in north Wales.
Orica-Scott rider Yates, 24, started Sunday second overall but climbed off with 75km of the 210km stage remaining. Slovak Sagan won an uphill sprint to take his second victory of the race. France's Thibaut Pinot also moved second overall behind leader Nairo Quintana of Colombia.
The 30-year-old won 61 caps for England after making his senior debut in 2009. He was a squad member at two World Cups and two European Championships but played just three minutes at Euro 2016. Milner also holds the record for the most capped England Under-21 player.
Arsenal held to a goalless draw by Hull in their FA Cup third round replay. The draw means Arsenal are still in with a chance of becoming the first team to win three consecutive FA Cups since Blackburn Rovers accomplished the feat 130 years ago. Steve Bruce's Tigers prevented a repeat of their defeats by the Londoners in the 2014 final and last season's third round. The two sides made a total of 19 changes between them from their previous games.
Huawei says it is suing Samsung for using its technology in its phones. Samsung says it will defend its business interests in the case. Huawei says it has signed cross-licensing agreements with dozens of competitors. But experts say it is unlikely the case will go all the way to court.
Towards the end of April, Nato states made a number of operational innovations. Three member states injected military advisers into rebel-held eastern Libya. Another, the US, began continuous patrols of armed drones. Nato sought a psychological effect, conscious of the possibility of "accidental assassination"
Car hit a tree in foggy conditions on the B5030 in Staffordshire. Woman in the back of the car was treated at hospital for minor injuries. West Midlands Ambulance Service said it was an 'extremely difficult incident' For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Talks between the UK and Scottish governments on the fiscal framework continued over the weekend. Lord Dunlop said the talks were at a "sensitive and critical point" But he told peers that "significant progress" had been made. Peer Lord Forsyth called for the final day's committee stage debate to be delayed. But he withdrew his demand after opposition from both the government and Labour.
Satellite images appear to confirm China has deployed anti-aircraft missiles on Woody or Yongxing Island in the Paracels. The island is claimed by China, Taiwan and Vietnam and the presence of missiles would significantly increase tensions. China dismissed the reports as "hype", but said it had the right under international law to defend itself.
Ministers shelved Wednesday's vote on relaxing hunting laws in England and Wales. SNP said it would vote against changes, saying it would only vote on issues affecting England. David Cameron said the SNP's position was "entirely opportunistic" New proposals on the Hunting Act will be introduced "in due course"
Labour leader warns terms of reference could be too "narrow" and residents not properly consulted. He wants an interim report on the cause of the fire by September, followed by a wider probe into building regulations, council funding and other issues. Police have warned the final figure will not be known until at least the end of the year.
Brian Mujati has signed for the Ospreys from Northampton Saints. The 32-year-old has won 12 caps for Wales. Head Coach, Steve Tandy, said he is expecting the signing to make a big impact. Dmitri Arhip and Ma'afu Fia are currently sidelined.
Aiden Webb, 22, from Norwich, was climbing Fansipan mountain alone on Friday. He fell down a ravine and lost his way, his girlfriend Bluebell Baughan said. The Foreign Office confirmed it was assisting his family. His father and uncle are expected to arrive in Vietnam this evening.
Former Leeds Rhinos president Harry Jepson died in August. He began his affiliation with the club in the 1960s and was named president in 2004. Lizzie Jones sang the Challenge Cup anthem 'Abide With Me' during the service. Former England captain Kevin Sinfield read Rudyard Kipling's 'If'
Tian Tian is the first giant panda to be born in the UK in more than a decade. She is believed to have been implanted with a foetus last year. The panda is expected to give birth at the end of the month or early next year. If she does, it will be the first time a panda has been born in Britain.
David Lindo wants to appoint a national bird for the UK before the general election. The self-styled "Urban Birder" has shortlisted 10 birds from a list of 60. He will close the vote on the day of the election and ask the new government to appoint the winner.
The image was taken at the site of a former Nazi concentration camp. It shows a young man with a moustache and a Nazi-style haircut. The photo was taken in the early hours of Monday morning. The man is believed to be a former member of the Hitler Youth.
Adrian Fattt, 52, was injured at a house in Highfield Avenue, Athersley. Mr Fattt died on Saturday night despite being treated at the scene by paramedics. A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed.
Hammersmith and City Line suspended between Edgware Road and Hammersmith. Move made "at the request of the London Fire Brigade" Circle Line is also closed partly due to the fire and partly because of planned engineering work. Police presume 58 people have died but have warned the figure could grow.
Alastair Cook stepped down as England captain on Monday after 59 Tests. Yorkshire batsman Joe Root is favourite to take over from Cook. England's leading Test wicket-taker Anderson says Root is the "obvious candidate" Ben Stokes, Jos Buttler, Stuart Broad and Graeme Swann also in the frame.
More than 11% of all internet traffic is believed to be illegally shared, copyrighted content. Critics say this violates the so-called "net neutrality" principle that all traffic should be treated equally. The FCC will allow a fast lane for data-heavy services when new rules are published in May.
Burnley beat Blackburn 1-0 in the Lancashire derby at Turf Moor. Andre Gray opened the scoring from the spot after Shane Duffy felled George Boyd in the area. Elliott Bennett's powerful effort was brilliantly kept out by home keeper Tom Heaton. The Clarets are now four points clear of third-placed Hull.
The money will be spent on designing systems to allow the chassis of future models to be made out of aluminium. The first of these models will be a new mid-sized sports saloon car to be introduced in 2015. JLR said that the jobs at the Solihull site would bring the total number of jobs it had created in the UK over the last three years to 11,000.
Corey Whitely scored the only goal of the game for Dagenham and Redbridge. It ended an impressive 10-match unbeaten run for the hosts. Jordan Maguire-Drew nearly put the Daggers in front early on when he struck the woodwork. Ryan Bird did the same with a header as the sides sparred.
Stead curled home with 14 minutes remaining to cap a fine comeback at the Northern Gas and Power Stadium. Louis Lang cancelled out Toto Nsiala's opener. Pools pressed for a leveller to preserve an unbeaten league start, but their efforts proved in vain as the Magpies collected a first win of the campaign.
Josh Hanson was stabbed in the neck at the RE bar in Eastcote, Hillingdon. He died at the scene shortly after 01:10 BST on Sunday. Scotland Yard said about 40 people were in the bar at the time of the attack. No arrests have yet been made.
The Woodland Trust's annual contest will decide which specimen represents the country in the Europe-wide event. The final winner of the England heat will be decided by public vote. This year's list includes yew trees, ancient oaks, hawthornes and the sycamore under which the Tolpuddle Martyrs first met.
The 75-year-old was recovered unconscious from the water at Tywyn. He was flown to hospital by the coastguard rescue helicopter but later died. In a separate incident, three people were rescued from the sea in Harlech. North Wales Police warned people to take extra care in the sea and to avoid taking risks.
Kerry Foods confirmed the redundancies, which were initially announced in February. The company said a consultation process "had failed to secure a strategy which would ensure the sustainability of production at the site" The firm said it was retaining the factory on the town's Europarc industrial estate and was looking at "future possibilities"
In the last three weeks, blooms have appeared along the shoreline on Anglesey. The Marine Conservation Society said jellyfish, including the Lion's Mane variety, have been seen by holidaymakers at Benllech beach, on the Menai Strait. The cold spring meant there were few reports of jellyfish before June.
Bethany Hill, 20, was found dead with neck injuries in Stratford-upon-Avon. It is alleged she was killed by Jack Williams, 21, and his girlfriend, Kayleigh Woods, 23. The pair, who are on trial at Warwick Crown Court, deny murder.
The baby was delivered at 16:24 BST at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington. The duke is based at RAF Valley on Anglesey, where he and his wife share a cottage. He has spent recent years flying rescue missions, and qualified as a helicopter captain in 2012.
Wales face Samoa in the Six Nations opener on Saturday. The match will be played at Twickenham in front of a crowd of 17,000. The game will be the first time the two sides have played each other in the competition. Wales have won the last two matches against Samoa, winning both.
The County Council wants to build 31,400 homes over the next 20 years. But the plan has been described as "unrealistic and flawed" The council has now decided to take the matter to the courts for review. It says the plan is not the best way to create jobs in the county.
Immigration minister Damian Green blamed the last government. But Labour said the report was damning. John Vine said the group, typically foreign students, is growing in number. He warned that immigration officers did not know how many of those told to leave the UK had actually left.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel tops the list for the sixth year in a row. Presidential hopeful Hillary Clinton was placed second, with Janet Yellen third. The Queen is 29th, while Ms Sturgeon is 50th overall. The rankings consider influence, media presence, wealth and success at implementing change.
Fifty sheep were stolen from a farm in Ammanford and the farmer spotted a flock two weeks later at a livestock market in Llanybydder. After the ewes gave birth, paternity tests revealed they were the offspring of the farmer's rams. Andrew Thomas, 39, of Garnant admitted handling the stolen sheep.
Blake created the majority of his books from a printing studio in the Hercules Buildings in Hercules Road, Lambeth. The studio was destroyed when the building was razed in 1918. The exhibition is on until 1 March 2015 at the Ashmolean Museum in Oxford. It is the first time the 19th Century floor plans have been revealed.
The research firm warns he could disrupt the global economy and heighten political and security risks in the US. He is rated as riskier than Britain leaving the European Union or an armed clash in the South China Sea. The EIU ranking uses a scale of one to 25, with Mr Trump garnering a rating of 12.
The tie-up is expected to be completed by the end of this year or early 2017. It will create one of the world's largest exchange companies with a combined value of about £21bn. LSE shareholders will own 45.6% of the new holding company.
Ksenia Bobkova is the co-founder of Banya No.1, London's first steam bathhouse. The 37-year-old Russian ex-pat has lived in the UK for more than 20 years. Two years after opening, almost half of the banya's customers are non-Russians.
Sky Mobile will offer flexible monthly payment plans and the ability to roll over unused data each month for up to three years. Existing Sky TV customers will not have to pay for calls or texts and can compile playlists of their favourite shows to watch on their mobiles. Some 46,000 have pre-registered for the service.
In May, Mr Joyce vowed to press charges against a man who struck him with a pie over his support for same-sex marriage. Mr Joyce has also faced criticism from some politicians who say he should not take a political stance on behalf of the airline. He said his company "would be active out there" in campaigning. Australians will be asked their views through a voluntary, non-binding ballot to begin next month.
Manchester United held to a goalless draw by Hull City at Old Trafford. Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Juan Mata all missed good chances. Hull move off the bottom of the Premier League table with the point. United manager Jose Mourinho: "We didn't score. You don't score, it is not possible to win"
Devindra Ferguson, of Colindale, north-west London, arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The 28-year-old is due to appear in court later, British Transport Police said. The man was seriously injured when he was struck at Kentish Town station.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton on pole for Belgian Grand Prix. Team-mate Valtteri Bottas second with Kimi Raikkonen third. Red Bull's Max Verstappen and Daniel Ricciardo fourth and fifth. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel starts 14 points adrift of Hamilton.
Kayden was rushed to hospital after banging his mouth on his bottle. He had a hole in his diaphragm, a hernia that he had probably had since birth. But he was put in a room, and left. His mother, Julie, says: "His care, up to him cardiac arresting, was appalling"
Tegwen Devichand is Labour deputy group leader at Carmarthenshire council. She opposes plans to remove English-stream education at Ysgol Llangennech. She said she did not remember sharing the post and opposed the death penalty. Labour said a different member connected to the row had been suspended.
Blair Alston gave St Johnstone the lead early on. Joe Garner headed Rangers level from a corner before the break. Rangers stay fifth edging to within a point of Hearts. Saints go level on points with second-placed Dons, albeit having played a game more.
The 2016 Republican presidential campaign brought us plenty of losing. From almost-first to worst, here's how the men (and woman) who came up short rank in terms of the relative catastrophic nature of their defeats. There's the silver-lining, get 'em next time variety. Then there's the contemplating-the-bitter-end-of-a-promising-career losing.
The man, named as Josh Pitt, died from a single gunshot wound. He was pronounced dead at the scene in Luton, Bedfordshire. The Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating the incident. The IPCC has asked anyone with information to contact them on 020 8345 9091.
Swansea, West Brom and Bournemouth have been linked with the defender. The 36-year-old is yet to make up his mind whether to retire. Terry has made 717 appearances for Chelsea and is a five-time Premier League title winner with the London club. He has also won the Champions League and Europa League.
Sale had raced to a 31-9 lead just after half-time at AJ Bell Stadium. Josh Bassett and Ashley Johnson put them back in touching distance at 31-21. Will Addison delivered a vital three points for Sale. Kurtley Beale scored Wasps' third try 11 minutes from time.
Lewis Hamilton has won 50 races in his Formula 1 career. Michael Schumacher (91) and Alain Prost (51) are the other drivers to reach 50 wins. BBC Sport looks at five of Hamilton's best races and picks out five of his best wins.
Landslides and flooding in Sri Lanka have killed at least 43 people. Nearly 350,000 people have been displaced by the floods. Troops have rescued 150 people from the worst-hit site in central Kegalle district. But hopes are fading for another 134 still unaccounted for.
The 33-year-old American recorded a time of 19.57 seconds in Oregon. It bettered the 19.68 secs he ran in May which was the best in the world. Gatlin has been the dominant sprinter in 2015, having also achieved the quickest time in the 100m (9.74 secs)
Israeli media reports said the cost was incurred by having four walls and door installed around a double bed. The aircraft cost about $300,000 to use, before the custom fittings. The news came at a time when Israelis face tax rises as part of austerity measures.
Amnesty calls for an "independent and impartial" inquiry into cases of abuse. The law, AFSPA, was introduced in the region in 1990 as a response to violence by insurgent groups. Not a single member of the armed forces has been tried in a civilian court for violating human rights.
David Gilroy was found guilty by a jury last month of murdering Suzanne Pilley. Twitter use has been allowed before in a Scottish court but it will be the first time a sentencing at the High Court in Scotland has been filmed. Journalists south of the border have been told by the Lord Chief Justice to "twitter as much as you like"
Katie Hopkins wrongly said family had links to al-Qaeda in two articles. Mahmood family of 11 had planned to holiday to Disneyland on 15 December 2015. But they were stopped by US authorities at Gatwick Airport. Mail Online has now removed the story from its website and published an apology.
Ai Weiwei used Lego to create portraits of 175 political dissidents. He planned a similar work for the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne. But a bulk order placed by the museum was rejected by the Danish company. The artist has since been deluged with offers of Lego from supporters.
"Annie" is a musical about an 11-year-old girl and her search for her parents. The show is based on the novel of the same name by William Makepeace Thackeray. The musical is at the Picadilly Theatre, London, until 6 January.
21 people in Northampton are said to be refusing to leave the streets. Northampton Borough Council is planning to set up a temporary shelter. The plan will cost £50,000 and is expected to be approved by the council in June. A spokesman for the council said it was not a choice, but a matter of policy.
By law, he must stand down as president in 2013, having completed two consecutive terms as president of the former Soviet republic. He did his Soviet military service in Ukraine, where he went on to study international law. He was appointed justice minister in October 2000 by the then President, Eduard Shevardnadze.
Citizens Advice Scotland said it had seen a 12% rise in cases in four years. The most common issues involved low pay, withheld wages and unfair dismissal. The charity has highlighted the issues in a report to MSPs. SNP MSP Christina McKelvie described the report as "worrying"
Paulo Dybala and Mario Mandzukic gave Juventus a 2-0 lead at the London Stadium. Andy Carroll pulled a goal back and then headed the equaliser. Simone Zaza hit the winner for Juventus. West Ham left Upton Park - their home for the past 112 years - in the summer.
Most of the deaths resulted from a stampede as hundreds of students rushed to escape the blaze through two exits. The fire broke out as students were sleeping at the government-run girls school in Jogana village. The government has closed the boarding school and ordered a full investigation.
Four-time Olympic gold medallist Will Satch is in the men's single sculls. Satch will be joined in the team by fellow London 2012 medallists. The women's team will be made up of three women and two men. The men's team is made of three men and two women. They will be competing for the gold medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics.
The quartet have made more than 370 regional appearances between them. Dual contracts are funded 60% by the Welsh Rugby Union and 40% by regions. Wales captain Warburton, 28, was the first Welsh player to be given a dual contract in September 2014. Ospreys flanker Lydiate returned to Welsh rugby in December 2014.
Cole was available on a free transfer after being released by West Ham. The 32-year-old also played for Chelsea, Liverpool and on loan at Lille. Villa manager Paul Lambert has also signed former Arsenal defender Philippe Senderos on aFree transfer from Valencia. Cole: "This is a massive club and there's a massive opportunity for the club"
In April 2016, the then home secretary gave a speech warning of the implications of a vote to leave the EU. Here's how some of the key quotes compare with what she said in January 2017. In April 2016: "The big question is whether, in the event of Brexit, we would be able to negotiate a new free trade agreement with the EU and on what terms"
More than 3,000 beekeepers have been asked to send photos, videos and audio files from their hives. The noises will be analysed at the School of Pharmacy at Cardiff University. Analysing the noises can help determine where bees are from, but could also be used to play to bees to help their mood.
Lincoln, who are second in the National League, will now face a trip to Championship side Ipswich in the third round, which takes place on 6-9 January 2017. Two-goal hero Robinson, released by Port Vale at the end of last season, had been a free agent until 8 October, when Lincoln boss Danny Cowley signed him on a short-term contract.
Public Accounts Committee accuses department of making "fundamental errors" Labour accuses ministers of "hiding behind their civil servants" Department for Transport says it has taken steps to ensure there is no repeat of failure. In October, the government scrapped its decision to award the £5bn franchise to FirstGroup.
The first woman to win a Nobel Peace Prize was Marie Curie. Her work on the structure of the atom led to the discovery of nuclear fission. She was one of the first women to be awarded a Nobel Prize for her work in physics. The first female Nobel Laureate was Ada Lovelace, who won in 1903.
Lines, 47, followed up a 3-0 win over the Scot with a 4-0 defeat of England's 1991 world champion John Parrott. The event in Scunthorpe offers the winner a place in the World Championship qualifying event. Now aged 48, Hendry retired after being knocked out of the 2012 World Championship.
Scotland on Sunday saw print sales fall more than 20%. It now has an average weekly sale of less than 25,000. The Sunday Herald looked to be on its last legs, but found a niche by backing the independence cause. The decline of sales in Scotland has recently been steeper than those for the rest of UK.
Former health minister warns NHS faces collapse without urgent cash injection. New levy would be offset by deductions to income tax or national insurance. Plans are not yet party policy and will not be put to this year's conference. Mr Lamb proposes a cross-party commission to explore the ideas.
Clyde lost 4-1 at home to Elgin City in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. The Bully Wee are now 15 points behind third-placed Elgin. Clyde have played fewer games as a result of a run to the fifth round of the Scottish Cup that ended last midweek.
For some younger Greeks in Thessaloniki, exit is an attractive idea, or at least the abandonment of the hated euro. But there is marble-cold anger at the relentless impoverishment of a nation on the edge of Europe. "We need to direct our anger at our anger, instead of just burning it down," one man says.
The Spitfire crashed in a field in Figullar, Emyvale, on 20 November 1942. It was believed the Irish Army had removed all the wreckage at the time. Ground surveys pointed to parts being present just four meters below the surface. A number of items were excavated on Saturday, including the cockpit door.
Free taxis for pupils living 12 miles (19km) from Ysgol Brynhyfryd, Denbighshire, were stopped. Parents claim their children's route to the bus stop is too dangerous to walk. Council spokeswoman says policy was agreed after "extensive consultation"
At least 290 people were killed and hundreds more injured when the 6.2-magnitude quake struck in the early hours of Wednesday. The town of Amatrice was among the worst affected areas. The service at St Andrew's Cathedral was led by the Archbishop of Glasgow, Philip Tartaglia.
The annual Bald Archy Prize is a spoof of Australia's prestigious Archibald Prize. This year's winner will be announced in Sydney later this year. WARNING: Some of the images may be offensive to some readers. The winner of this year's prize will be revealed at a ceremony in Sydney on October 31.
Hamilton's Mercedes was 0.264 seconds quicker than Vettel, with Rosberg 0.035secs further adrift. Williams's Valtteri Bottas and Felipe Massa and Pastor Maldonado's Lotus left Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen in seventh. McLaren's Fernando Alonso and Jenson Button were in unexpectedly high 13th and 14th places as others struggled. Red Bull and Toro Rosso will take penalties for using more than their permitted number of engines.
Benjamin Hyland-Ward faces nine counts of fraud by false representation. The 18-year-old, of Saltdean, East Sussex, is due to appear before magistrates. Hundreds of people were left ticket-less after paying to go to the event.
The highly symbolic visit, Mr Xi's first since becoming leader in 2012, comes amid an increasingly tense political climate. Official celebrations are planned, as well as large protests from pro-democracy and pro-Beijing camps. Parts of Hong Kong are under a tight security lockdown amid worries of further protests.
Sasikala Natarajan, a close aide to the late chief minister J Jayalalitha, was appointed to the post on Sunday. She has never held public office. Sofia Ashraf, 29, posted a Facebook live video of her singing a song, My Vote Is Not For You, in front of the new chief minister's residence.
Shenzhen prosecutors say they have been charged with negligently causing a serious accident. The landslide happened when a hill of construction waste collapsed, leaving 74 people either missing or dead. The formal arrests come three days after the police took what Chinese media called "coercive measures" against 12 people.
Air pollution is blamed for about 2,000 deaths in Scotland each year. The Scottish government has pledged to do more to tackle the problem. But campaigners say there is still a long way to go before the problem is solved. The case will be shown on BBC One Scotland at 10.30pm on Wednesday.
Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams died in 2012 in a barrage of bullets fired by 13 officers in a car chase. Michael Brelo, 31, the only officer to be charged, was cleared of voluntary manslaughter. The US has seen a series of police race-related killings, some of which have led to serious civil unrest.
At least 83 people have been killed in two separate attacks in Syria. The attacks took place in the city of Homs and the town of Qusayr. More than 250,000 people have died in the civil war, according to the U.S. State Department.
Championship sides will have to pay £2.7m over three years to stay in the top flight. The money will be used to pay for new ground and equipment. The decision was made by the RFU, not the Rugby Football Union (RFU) The decision will not affect the 2015-16 season.
Pembrokeshire council sees price for steel drop by 88% over the year. Flintshire has seen the price for plastics halved. Experts say slump in oil prices, cheap steel imports, and China's economic slowdown are to blame. Welsh authorities are being asked to recycle 70% of waste - by 2050, it should be 100%.
This one features the CEOs of some of the world's largest corporations. The BBC's Celia Hatton reports on the second day of the conference. The conference is being hosted by the World Economic Forum (WEF) in Davos, Switzerland. The WEF is a body that brings together leaders from around the world to discuss global issues.
The discovery was made after another child was threatened in the school's playground on 4 March. No-one was injured in the incident and a knife was recovered. The boy was excluded from the school following the incident. The council described the behaviour as "totally unacceptable"
Most of the leading players have won a tournament so far this season. Ronnie O'Sullivan, Ding Junhui, Judd Trump and Neil Robertson all won. Shaun Murphy made a 147 break in last week's European Tour event in Germany. Ali Carter makes his comeback after treatment for lung cancer. BBC Sport pundit Ken Doherty assesses the contenders.
Red Bull were the only team to beat Mercedes last year and finished second in the championship. But they were 1.6 seconds off the pace at Albert Park in Melbourne. Red Bull admit they have work to do with both their chassis and the Renault engine, but improvements to obvious faults are on the way.
Scotland voted No to independence in 2014 following an often frenzied campaign and a record-breaking turnout of 84.6%. Things have changed since then - most notably the decision by the UK to leave the European Union. Ruairidh Forbes was so keen to vote No that he delayed moving from Edinburgh to London where he was due to begin a PhD in physics.
The Better Perth group has blamed online shopping and "inertia" for dwindling profits. More than 50 traders will open later night with special events and promotions to tempt shoppers back into the city centre. Private car parking company Smart Parking said it would be waiving charges on Thursday and Friday afternoons.
The 26-year-old was part of England's World T20 squad in March. He has been in impressive form for Hampshire this season. England face Sri Lanka in a T20 at the Ageas Bowl on 5 July. Click here for all the latest England news.
The 25-year-old Catholic constable died when a bomb exploded under his car. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but dissident republicans have been blamed. Irish prime minister Enda Kenny strongly condemned the attack. The Irish Congress of Trade Unions has organised a lunchtime rally in Belfast.
The Lord Advocate said he had informed First Minister Nicola Sturgeon of his intention to quit the post after five years in the job. He said it had been a "real privilege" to lead the prosecution service in Scotland and to provide legal advice to the Scottish government. The law officer added that it was time to "step down and do other things"
The incident happened at Unst harbour about 06:50. There were no passengers on board, only four crew members and no-one was injured. There was no loss of fuel from the vessel. The fire brigade is pumping out water which was taken on board during the accident.
Leigh-Anne Mahachi, 22, was discovered at a property in Gleadless Valley. She died later in hospital from multiple stab wounds, police said. A 37-year-old man from Colchester, Essex, was arrested on suspicion of murder. South Yorkshire Police described her death as a "targeted attack"
NME said the politician impressed by becoming the youngest MP elected to the House of Commons since 1880. Ms Black won the Paisley and Renfrewshire South seat in May's general election. Earlier this month, she was named Glasgow University's Young Alumnus of the Year.
Noel Conway, 67, from Shrewsbury, was diagnosed in November 2014. He is not expected to live beyond 12 months and is on a ventilator. Mr Conway wants permission to bring a judicial review. The case is the first heard since the law was challenged in 2014 and 2015.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-1 in their Champions League quarter-final first leg. Ricardo Quaresma, Jackson Martinez and Thiago scored for the hosts. The return leg takes place in Munich on 21 April. Porto boss Julen Lopetegui and Bayern manager Pep Guardiola played together at Barcelona in the 1990s.
Radwan Hamed collapsed during a game in Belgium in 2006. Tests showed his heart was "unequivocally abnormal" but he was not stopped from playing. Last year a judge ruled Spurs breached its duties to him. The family of Mr Hamed, now 27, said they were "relieved" a settlement had been reached.
The Pirates of the Caribbean star will play the title role in Therese Raquin, based on Emile Zola's 1867 classic. The Roundabout Theatre Company show opens in October 2015 in New York. Knightley previously trod the boards in London in The Misanthrope and The Children's Hour.
Argentina face Uruguay and Venezuela in the first week of September. They are third in the 10-nation South American group with 11 points from six matches. The top four after 18 matches qualify for the finals in Russia. The fifth-placed team goes into an intercontinental play-off for one more berth.
Jackson made headlines across Canada and the U.S. after the Toronto Public Library shared the note. The note said: "I am sorry that a page ripped when it fell out of my bunk when I fell asleep reading. It won't happen again. I'm sorry, from Jackson."
The 38-year-old from Huddersfield had an operation on a rotator cuff problem in February. He raced into a 5-0 lead in the final against unseeded Canadian Smith. Waites is the eighth man to win the BDO title on more than one occasion.
Aiton, 30, had scans to diagnose the injury on Monday. The Papua New Guinea player played 94 games for both Wakefield and Leeds following his move from Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks in 2012. He joined the Dragons from Leeds at the end of 2015. The 30-year-old missed end of the last campaign with an arm injury.
The man, who was 31, was shot by police on Francis Street at around 09:35 GMT. IPCC said officers had fired more than one shot at the man. The dead man has not been named but his family have been informed. Humberside Police said it was not looking for any other individuals in connection with the incident.
The 25-year-old has signed for the second half of the season. She is the third player to sign for the club this summer. Blues are currently third in the Premier League, seven points behind leaders Manchester City. They face Arsenal in their next game on Saturday.
Mr Ashley has been asked to give evidence about the treatment of his workers. He has until 21 March to respond after a letter from Hartlepool MP Iain Wright. Mr Wright chairs the Business, Innovation and Skills (BIS) select committee. The committee has previously pledged to review worker rights with oversight by Mr Ashley.
Wales coach Gatland says there has been no alcohol ban in his squad. The Welsh have been portrayed as virtually teetotal. England were damaged by stories of late-night revelry. Gatland has been impressed with the attitude of his players both on and off the field.
Dundee remain in sixth spot, with Well now just two points clear of second-bottom Inverness Caledonian Thistle. Well lost 3-0 to Hearts, 7-2 at Aberdeen and 2-0 at Celtic, while Dundee's victory was their second in succession following the 2-1 triumph over Rangers.
Tottenham were outclassed by Monaco at the Stade Louis II. Harry Kane had given Spurs the lead before Thomas Lemar scored the winner. Spurs have now lost three of their last five Champions League games. Mauricio Pochettino's side are out of the competition after the defeat.
Six people were aboard a raft on the Thunder River Rapids ride when it flipped after a collision with another raft. Police said it was "almost a miracle" that a boy and a girl who were on the raft survived. Friends and colleagues of those who died have been speaking out.
Police raided 43-year-old John Nicholson's Dundee home in February. Officers found drugs including more than 2.5 kg of heroin with a street value of £263,000. Nicholson will be sentenced on 11 May after admitting being concerned in the supply of drugs.
Swansea parted company with Garry Monk on Wednesday. Garry Monk left the club following a run of just one win in 11 Premier League games. Gus Poyet was thought to be in the frame to replace him, but the Greek club said that they had not received an approach from Swansea. Unai Emery has also been linked with the job.
Neel Croos, 26, died from a head injury following a fight in Holborn Way, Mitcham on 23 November 2015. Prashad Sothalingam, nicknamed Bullet, was one of several young men from the Tamil community who had been at a birthday party when violence erupted. He was jailed after being found guilty of murder and wounding with intent at a retrial at the Old Bailey.
Don't expect a meltdown on regional stock markets. Capital outflows from emerging markets are on track to exceed the amount that went into them this year for the first time since 1988. Rising rates like the US risk stifling growth and hitting consumption. Cutting rates means more capital outflow and a weaker currency. Asia's debt levels as a percentage of GDP have converged to those of the developed world.
Alistair Spagnoletti, 21, and Curtis Walker, 23, pleaded guilty to controlling a child. Callum Ward, 19, was found guilty of the same charge at Harrow Crown Court. Police said the men groomed a 17-year-old girl into prostitution.
Hazard fractured his right ankle while on international duty with Belgium. The 26-year-old will not return to training for approximately three months. Hazard will also miss pre-season games against Arsenal, Bayern Munich and Inter Milan in Singapore from 22-29 July. Chelsea won the Premier League last season, scoring 16 goals in 36 games.
Body of man in his 70s found at house in Little Gaddesden, near Berkhamsted. Detectives want to question 55-year-old Ian John McLoughlin, also known as Ian John Baker. He is described as white, about 6ft (1.8m) tall and of average build.
Zachary Barker, nine, died in hospital after the collision in Leek, Staffordshire. His mother Stephanie said she wanted others to "benefit from his short life" Police said a friend of the family has set up a Just Giving page to assist with the cost of the funeral.
The former London Irish man, 29, can play in the second or back row. He was injured in Friday's loss at Newcastle. "He really hurt his neck and he has got pins and needles in his arms and through his hands," director of rugby Todd Blackadder told BBC Points West.
The eight-day hearing in Ebbw Vale is examining the request to take over 250 hectares (600 acres) of common land. Backers, including Blaenau Gwent council, have offered around 320 hectares (800 acres) replacement land. The Planning Inspectorate for Wales will make a recommendation after the inquiry.
Jim Bentley's side had to come from behind after debutant Mohamed Eisa gave the Robins the lead. The 36-year-old, who rejoined the club in the summer after nine years away, made a telling debut with a 90th-minute winner to get the Shrimps off and running for the new season.
There are around 200 suicides a year of people cared for by crisis teams. This is three times the number in hospitals. University of Manchester report suggests crisis teams in the UK are under too much pressure. The report suggests people who live alone - as 43% of those who committed suicide did - were at particular risk.
Two Diarmuid Murtagh goals helped Connacht lead 2-3 to 0-3 before Aidan Breen replied with an Ulster goal.Damien Comer hit a third Connacht goal as they led 3-6 to 1-10 at half-time. Despite losing Chrissy McKaigue to a black card, Ulster hit 1-4 without reply.
The state of Holyrood's coffee was raised during questions about staff and services at the Edinburgh building. Scottish Conservative Mary Scanlon and SNP MSP Mike MacKenzie backed the call. Linda Fabiani suggested complainers could use "very good coffee bags" and "some really hot water"
Hospitals may focus on 'front door pressures' during peak winter months. Dr Andrew Goodall says a choice may have to be made between emergency care and non-urgent surgery. Morriston in Swansea and the Princess of Wales in Bridgend have already cancelled some surgical procedures until after Christmas.
Ethiopia's economy has been growing at close to 10% a year for a decade. In the first decade of this century, the number of Ethiopians living in poverty dropped by a third. British taxpayers are giving over Â£300m ($466m) a year to help fight poverty.
The alarm was raised at about midnight on Thursday. The men became stranded after their boat lost engine power. Three lifeboats and a rescue helicopter went to the scene. It has been described as a "major recue operation" The fishermen are fine but had a lucky escape.
The eight-day race, a precursor to the Tour which begins on 2 July, starts with a 4km time trial on Sunday. Team Sky rider Froome has won the Criterium in each of the two years he won the Tour - 2013 and 2015. Contador, who rides for Tinkoff, has never won the race.
The red sand boa is prized on the black market because it looks like it has two heads. It is believed to bring good luck and money to those who buy it. Four people tried to buy the snake for $1,500 in Bangalore, India. The snake has now been released back into the wild.
Supporters and colleagues gathered outside the Alvorada Palace to bid her farewell. She has filed an appeal at the Supreme Court against the decision but it has little chance of success. Her vice-president, Michel Temer, will now serve out the rest of her term.
Boyle struck the only goal in the 18th minute after lobbing over Graham Doyle following a moment of hesitancy in the Wexford defence. Josh Daniels also headed a Gary Delaney effort off the line in the second half. Cork City were held to a 0-0 draw by Shamrock Rovers in Dublin.
Llanberis Mountain Rescue was called out a record 43 times to Wales and England's highest peak in August. Chairman of the team of volunteers, Rob Johnson, said "serious consideration" needed to be given to how the 3,560 ft peak was managed. He said many of the callouts were preventable and could have been avoided.
Neymar's £198m transfer from Barcelona to Paris Saint-Germain is a huge outlay for the French club. Uefa introduced Financial Fair Play rules in 2013 to stop clubs accumulating too much debt. The rules state that over a three-year period a club like PSG can spend 30m euros more than it earns.
Colin Kazim-Richards joins Celtic on loan from Feyenoord. Erik Sviatchenko joins Celtic from Midtjylland for £1.5m. Dundee United fail to make exciting signings. Hearts make £1m profit from sale of Osman Sow to Henan Jianye.
The Pirate Bay has confirmed the attack on its Facebook page. The site has been largely inaccessible for the last 24 hours, and the service is intermittent in the UK. A provider of DDoS defence systems said that it was unlikely that the attack came from hacking group Anonymous. TPB allows users to illegally obtain copyrighted songs, films and other content for free.
Bristol-raised inventor says he can 3D-scan an amputee and build them a custom-fitted socket and hand in less than two days. The 25-year-old intends to charge customers £2,000 for the device, including the cost of a fitting. The project is "open source" meaning anyone can share and use its designs.
Francois Fillon has won a battle with his centre-right party. But what now are Mr Fillon's chances in the fight for the Elysee Palace? The latest opinion poll on Tuesday placed him third, on 19%, several points behind Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen of the far-right National Front.
The proposals have been made by the NHS 'Future Fit' board. Women and children's services would also be moved to Shrewsbury. A Â£28m centre opened in Telford in 2014. No formal decisions will be made until at least Summer 2017.
Scott Brown will win his 50th cap if he features in a friendly against Denmark on Tuesday. Celtic left-back Kieran Tierney and Nottingham Forest midfielder Oliver Burke could earn their first senior caps at the age of 18. Dundee goalkeeper Scott Bain, Leeds United defender Liam Cooper, Hibs midfielder John McGinn and Brighton winger Jamie Murphy are also possible debutants.
EDF boss Jean-Bernard Levy joined officials from the UK, France and China at the behind-closed-doors ceremony in London on Thursday. The meeting was a second attempt at finalising the deal after Prime Minister Theresa May unexpectedly announced in July that she wanted time to scrutinise it. Hinkley will be the UK's first new nuclear plant in a generation.
SSAFA said there were more than 3,000 calls to Forcesline from serving troops last year, up from 1,600 in 2014. The service was set up at the Army's request after four recruits died at its Deepcut Barracks in Surrey. SSAFA has a network of 7,000 volunteers providing support for serving personnel as well as veterans.
Kenneth Dymond, 37, also made contact with a 15-year-old girl over the internet. More than 500 images were recovered from his computers and phones after a raid on his home in August 2015. He was also placed on the sex offenders' register for 10 years.
Jeremy Corbyn is deeply uncomfortable with his leadership. But his is a leadership his party members want, overwhelmingly so. Were a coup to be staged the membership would either re-elect him, or elect someone similar. The tactics of any coup attempt revolve around the different views of what might have to occur to trigger a change.
Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2 in the other semi-final. World number one Selby went 3-0 ahead with half-century breaks in frames two and three. Hong Kong's Fu hit back with a 72, and the pair shared four frames after the mid-session interval.
Iceland are top of their group after four wins from four games. Scotland need to win to have any chance of qualifying for next year's World Cup. The Scots are hoping to qualify for the first time in their history in 2014. The tournament will be held in France, Germany, Italy and Spain.
Ann Maguire, 61, was attacked by 15-year-old Will Cornick in April 2014. Cornick was jailed for a minimum of 20 years after pleading guilty to the attack. Her family want to know if anything could have been done to prevent it. The DfE has launched an inquiry into the incident.
Wenger is yet to decide if he will stay at the club beyond this season. Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City could be his last. The 67-year-old says he will always remember beating Manchester United at Wembley in the Champions League final in 2011.
No-one younger than 18 or older than 75 would be allowed to climb. Nepal makes millions of dollars every year from the Everest industry. In 2014, the mountain was closed after 16 Sherpas (guides) died in an accident. Earlier this year, the climbing season was called off after a massive earthquake triggered an avalanche.
Michael Luciw, 27, was a passenger in a van that was hit by a Mazda Premacy. Albert Kenneth Newman, who also died, was driving the wrong way on the motorway. Family said retired people should undergo regular driving tests. Age UK said it was "vital" older people could drive for as long as possible.
Brock Turner, 21, assaulted the woman outside a Stanford University fraternity house. He was freed from the Santa Clara County Main Jail in San Jose, California, after serving three months. He faces three years of supervised probation and will be registered as a sex offender for the rest of his life.
Storms smashed a hole in the sea wall above the seafront in Dawlish, Devon. The damage is estimated to have cost £1bn to repair. Plans include strengthening defences and building breakwaters to protect the line. A total of £270m is to be spent on the work between 2019 and 2024.
Italian artist and sculptor Maurizio Cattelan created the fully functional 18-carat gold lavatory, which he has titled America. The exhibit is aimed at "making available to the public an extravagant luxury product seemingly intended for the 1 percent", according to the Guggenheim.
An arts symposium and exhibition at the college runs from Friday to Sunday. The events mark the centenary of the artist's birth in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1916. The painter, who served as a navigator on US bombers during World War Two, moved to Mallaig in 1957 and he continued to visit and work in the village throughout his career.
A councillor in the Scottish Borders said she believed people were being short-changed by the rollout of the service. BT has said it has invested heavily in providing services in areas where it was not commercially viable to do so. There are a wide range of factors at play in determining the speeds received.
Wales was around 40th out of 68 in the last Pisa international school test results for science, maths and reading. Mr Lewis has set a new target score of 500. Conservatives said that amounted to "stagnation" not "aspiration" But the National Union of Teachers said it was "pleased" the minister was taking the "sensible approach"
The London-based telecoms provider said that it alerted police after carrying out a data security review. A spokeswoman stressed that it had seen no evidence that the suspects had been involved with a high-profile cyber-breach last October. Nearly 157,000 of TalkTalk customers' details, including bank account numbers, were stolen in the breach.
Police identify suspect as 46-year-old man from Urbandale, a suburb of Des Moines. Officers Justin Martin, 24, and Anthony Beminio, 38, were shot in their patrol cars. Video shows man holding Confederate flag in front of black people in October.
More than 1,000 new places will be made available at Scotland's universities. The increase is the fifth year in a row and is part of a wider plan. The Scottish Government is also looking to increase the number of teachers in the north of the country. It is the first time in five years that the number has been increased in this way.
Northern Irishman flew out to the United States on Monday with captain Darren Clarke. Lawrie is one of five vice-captains alongside Thomas Bjorn, Sam Torrance, Padraig Harrington and Ian Poulter. The first practice day is on Tuesday, with the three-day contest starting on Friday, 30 September with the first foursomes at 13:35 BST.
The public services union said Yvette Cooper was its second choice. It is seen as a blow to Andy Burnham, who had hoped for union backing. Unison represents 1.3 million workers, including 28,000 Labour Party members. Labour's new leader will be announced at a special conference on 12 September.
Brandt Snedeker is one clear of fellow American Kevin Kisner. Donald is level with Americans Zach Johnson, Zac Blair and Chez Reavie. Fiji's Vijay Singh, 52, is four off the lead after a one-under round.Padraig Harrington and Greg Owen are in a group six off the pace.
Johnny Sexton has recovered from a hamstring injury. Jared Payne and Sean O'Brien are fit after concussion. Grand Slam-chasing Ireland top the table, two points clear of Wales. Paul O'Connell is set to play his 100th Test match for Ireland.
Mike Owen and two senior officers have been suspended following an external review. Council leader Rishi Shori said the suspensions would allow the three to "focus on responding" to the case. The Manchester Evening News reported it related to a councillor who admitted making indecent images of children.
Netflix has added support for Korean, Chinese and Arabic to its list of supported languages. Chief executive Reed Hastings also confirmed that Netflix would begin offering HDR (high dynamic range) content later this year. The company's shares closed the day more than 9% higher at the CES tech show in Las Vegas.
John Hughes has left Inverness CT after two-and-a-half years in charge. The 51-year-old had been negotiating a release from his contract. Hughes won the Scottish Cup with the Highlanders last season. He has previously managed at Falkirk, Hibernian, Hartlepool and Livingston.
No demos on the streets of Athens - even though the Syriza government is poised to agree and implement yet more austerity and liberalisation measures. Athens airport expects 25 million arrivals this year, up from 21 million. But why aren't the Greeks manning the barricades in protest against already-announced, painful VAT increases and pension cuts?
Six other people, including Bobby Storey, Sinn Féin's northern chairman, will also not face charges linked to the 1972 killing. Gerry Adams: "There was never any real basis for questioning me in respect of this case" Jean McConville, 37, a widow, was abducted from her west Belfast home, shot and secretly buried.
Review of 5,000 studies on golf and wellbeing found physical benefits increased with the player's age. The study is part of the Gold and Health Project, which is led by the World Golf Foundation. The project plans to look at gaps in the research such as golf's links to mental health and muscle strengthening.
The 36-year-old front-rower had played 14 games for the Dragons following his move to Perpignan in February. An avulsion fracture and ankle ligament tears ended his involvement for Laurent Frayssinous' side. Mason played 290 NRL games, represented New South Wales in State of Origin and appeared in 24 Tests for the Kangaroos.
The FTSE 100 index was ahead by 77.95 points, or 1.12%, at 7015.36. Burberry rose 2.81% on speculation that the company could be takeover target for a US private equity firm. Mining shares were hit by a number of broker downgrades following recent falls in commodity prices.
More than 700,000 private messages between members have also been leaked. The breach was discovered by security researcher Troy Hunt. The bulk of users affected are believed to live in the United Kingdom, United States and Pakistan. The company said it will be closed until Ramadan ends this week.
Vice-President Tareck el-Aissami is the highest-ranking Venezuelan official ever to be sanctioned by the US. The US treasury accuses him of being in the pay of convicted Venezuelan drug lord Walid Makled for protecting drug shipments. He is seen as a powerful figure within the governing party and has been entrusted with key powers.
The man, who is a foreign national, was taken to hospital but his injuries are not believed to be life threatening. Police have said the attacker is in his early 30s, of slim build and around 5'11" tall. He was wearing dark clothing and was armed with what police have said was a sharp object.
Ted Allbeury wrote The Twentieth Day of January during heightened cold war tensions in 1980. The 37-year-old novel has attracted a fresh wave of attention as its plot reflects current concerns about US politics today.Donald Trump was sworn in as US President on Friday after a controversial campaign which included claims Russian spies were involved.
Land and Housing Minister Anna Tibaijuka denies any wrongdoing. She is a high-profile casualty in a corruption scandal that has rocked Tanzania's government. Attorney-General Frederick Werema resigned after MPs accused him of authorising the fraudulent transfer of about $120m to an energy firm.
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control. The election has redressed the balance, not just between the two main parties. But privately it's hard to find a single MP who believes she will take the party into the next general election.
$13bn fine relates to sale of securities based on home loans. If confirmed, it would be the biggest settlement ever paid by an US company. Last month, JP Morgan was fined almost $1bn in the "London Whale" scandal. JP Morgan says it has set aside a fund of $23bn to deal with mounting legal costs.
Becky James missed the 2014 Commonwealth Games with a knee injury. The 23-year-old also underwent surgery on a long-standing shoulder problem. James won silver and bronze for Wales at the Commonwealth Games in 2010. She came to international prominence at the 2013 Track World Championships in Minsk.
SKT's five members shared a prize of $2m (Â£1.64m) between them. The win is the third time in four years that SKT has taken the title. The final ran for six hours and was held in front of almost 20,000 LoL fans.
Stefan Scougall hit the bar as the Blades dominated. Jacob Mellis was sent off for a foul on Matt Done. The win kept United in second place in League One, six points off leaders Scunthorpe. Bury are two points off the relegation places after their ninth consecutive league defeat.
Post-traumatic stress disorder is an anxiety disorder caused by witnessing or being involved in a frightening or distressing event. There is no blood test for PTSD, it instead relies on the judgement of a doctor speaking to their patient about their symptoms. For many people, the symptoms will go away within a month - but others will need psychotherapy or, if that fails, medication.
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 6 and 13 January. Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics. Follow us on Twitter @BBCScotland and @bbcnewsports.
The unnamed man was one of 16 people arrested in raids on Sunday. The rest have been released without charge. French police said an object that appeared to be an explosives belt was found in a bin in the Paris suburb of Montrouge on Monday. French jets bombed IS targets in Iraq and Syria, including Raqqa, IS's key Syrian stronghold.
Tutton claimed bronze in the 100m women's breaststroke race. The 19-year-old beat world record holder Ruta Meilutyte. Guy finished third in the 200m freestyle after missing out on the men's 400m final. Scot Ross Murdoch breezed through to Thursday's 200m breaststroke final with a winning time of 2:09.72.
The Scottish Crofting Federation (SCF) and NFU Scotland have been calling for increased incentives in a grant scheme. Fiona Mandeville, of SCF, said such assistance could help young crofters to get on to the housing ladder. Ms McLeod said the government would hold further consultation on the Crofter Housing Grant Scheme.
Koukash has owned the Super League team since 2013. Salford scored 13 tries as they comfortably beat Featherstone on Sunday. Only 1,759 were in attendance at the AJ Bell Stadium. Koukash said he could not buy another rugby league club if his time with the club was to end.
Inflation dropped to 2.6% in June from 2.9% the month before. Sterling had been trading above $1.31 at one point before the inflation figures were released. The pound also fell 1% against the euro to 1.1251 euros. The fall in the pound initially lifted the FTSE 100 share index.
Carbon is the key ingredient for all life on our planet. But how Earth acquired its "volatile elements" such as carbon and sulphur remains a subject of some debate. A team now argues that a collision between Earth and an embryonic planet like Mercury could provide the answer.
Asia's biggest market, Japan's Nikkei 225 closed 0.3% higher at 17,014.78. Shares in embattled electronics firm Sharp rose 9.4% on new reports it was close to a deal with Taiwan's Foxconn. BHP Billiton shares rose 2.4%, despite a downgrade by credit ratings agency Moody's.
The two teens are accused of stealing an iPhone from their parents' home. The iPhone is believed to have been stolen from an apartment in San Francisco. The two teens have been charged with the theft of the iPhone. The case is being investigated by the U.S. Department of Justice.
Ayr United's new badge will be unveiled on 1 July. The new crest will include the club's name and a saltire. The old badge was designed by the club in the 1970s. The design was rejected by the Scottish Football Association. A new design will be announced in the coming weeks.
The driver was taken to Morriston Hospital "as a precaution", police said. Officers are investigating the cause of the crash on Woodfield Street, Wrexham. The lorry ended up in the grounds of St John's Church, the town's Anglican church.
Talha Asmal, from Dewsbury, would be Britain's youngest known suicide bomber. His family said they were "devastated" at the news. Another West Yorkshire teenager, Hasib Hussein, was almost 19 when he blew himself up on a London bus in the July 2005 attacks.
Michael Forney, Jonathan Boxill, James Desmarais, Matt Nickerson, David Rutherford, Mark Garside and Brandon Benedict are staying at the SSE Arena. It follows the announcement last week that captain Adam Keefe had signed a new deal to remain with the Giants.
Asad Khan died three weeks after starting at Beckfoot Upper Heaton School. His mother, Farheen Khan, found her son after forcing her way into his locked bedroom on September 28. He died in hospital a short time later. His family maintain he had been bullied.
Damien 'Dee' Fennell made an application to Belfast Crown Court to amend his conditions so he could go to Co Donegal. The 34-year-old faces three charges for a speech he gave during an Easter Rising commemoration event last year. He is due to go on trial later this year.
The Welsh Wound Innovation Centre (WWIC) aims to improve treatments and lower hospital admissions and stays. The new centre is co-headed by Prof Keith Harding, head of Cardiff University's Wound Healing Research Unit. It employs 31 people and aims to attract at least 11 investments from abroad, creating a further 45 jobs.
President Donald Trump ordered a missile strike on a Syrian government airfield. The move marks a dramatic turnaround from Mr Trump's prior foreign policy. It seems clear that the graphic images of dead and dying Syrian civilians had a dramatic effect on the president's disposition. But will allies and adversaries interpret this as a sign of flexibility or incoherence?
Paul Kenny was granted bail and banned from attending games after admitting racially abusing Sinclair. Gers goalkeeper Foderingham said it was "difficult when one idiot comes and starts to behave like that" Rangers players are still getting used to new manager Pedro Caixinha's methods since he took over from Mark Warburton.
Dr Howard Kornfeld was unable to make it from California to Minnesota immediately but sent his son Andrew. Andrew joined members of staff to search the property and made the emergency call when Prince's unresponsive body was found. Investigators are looking into whether he died from an overdose and if a doctor was prescribing him drugs.
Bakehouse Close and Riddle's Close are among those selected for a makeover by Edinburgh World Heritage. Lighting and artwork will be installed in the little-used closes. People behind the project hope the improvements will encourage more people to use the historic network of narrow streets.
Belgium is the second European Union nation after France to enforce such a ban. Offenders face a fine of 137.5 euros (Â£121; $197) and up to seven days in jail. Two women who wear full veils have launched an immediate court challenge.
A BMW 420 coupe struck a woman under a railway bridge in Dewsbury. The road was closed for four hours, with a section of a Lidl car park also cordoned off. A 21-year-old man remains in police custody for questioning.
Paul O'Connell will provide "invaluable technical expertise and advice" to Munster's next generation of players. The 36-year-old was forced to retire from the game in February after being unable to recover from serious hamstring injury sustained at last year's World Cup. Munster have appointed former South African international Johan 'Rassie' Erasmus as their Director of Rugby for next season.
The QC and barrister was MP for Medway from 1997 to 2010. Mr Marshall-Andrews said he had jumped ship in light of the Brexit campaign and Labour's refusal to stand aside in the Richmond Park by-election. He used to sit with the socialist group of Labour MPs alongside Mr Corbyn and shadow chancellor John McDonnell.
The total coca-growing area rose from 96,000 hectares in 2015 to 146,000 in 2016. The head of the UN Office on Drugs and Crime, Bo Mathiasen, called the increase significant. But local analysts argue that the rise was caused partly by a hiatus resulting from the government's peace deal with Farc rebels.
Oliver Burke has joined German Bundesliga side RB Leipzig for £13m. The 19-year-old joined Nottingham Forest's youth academy at the age of eight. Burke has been included in Gordon Strachan's Scotland squad for the opening World Cup qualifier against Malta on Sunday.
The 28-year-old has torn a pectoral muscle. Dave Lewis started in place of Chudley in Sunday's win over Ulster. Stuart Townsend came on for his first game outside the Anglo-Welsh Cup. The Chiefs also have Jack Maunder, Niko Matawalu and Haydn Thomas.
The 23-year-old beat Lutalo Muhammad in the last second of the men's -80kg taekwondo final in Rio. It was the Ivory Coast's first Olympic gold and he has, since Rio, become a national hero. He has been gifted a new house and a 50 million CFA franc (£65,400) cash bonus. Cisse insists his celebrity status won't distract him from his title defence in 2020.
24-hour walkout by members of the Rail, Maritime and Transport (RMT) union ended at 11:00 BST. Southern warned passengers to expect "difficult and frustrating" journeys. RMT confirmed it would attend talks with Southern "over the guards jobs and safety dispute" on Friday.
The factory's owner was among the dead and several members of his family were either dead or missing. The victims all worked at the plant 100km (62 miles) east of Porto. An initial explosion happened shortly after 17:30 (16:30 GMT) on Tuesday, followed by two more blasts.
Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis. President Jose Mujica says he wants to take the multi-million-dollar cannabis business away from the drug cartels. The law is also facing criticism at home, with 60% of Uruguayans opposing it.
The hat has been likened to a Turkey Twizzler, a lavatory seat and a pretzel. The 22-year-old princess wore it to the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. The auction on eBay ended on Sunday, with the proceeds going to charities Unicef and Children in Crisis.
Hydrocarbons were detected inside a leg of the Cormorant Alpha platform. Operator, Taqa Bratani, has removed non-essential workers as a precaution. Oil and Gas UK said oil transported through the Brent pipeline system represented 10% of the UK's North Sea oil production.
Conrad Clitheroe and Gary Cooper, both from Stockport, were arrested in February. They were reportedly taking notes near Fujairah Airport, 80 miles from Dubai. Relatives were told they were held for "national security" reasons. The men insisted they did not take photographs.
Johnsen made 37 appearances and scored seven goals during his time at Tynecastle. The 25-year-old also made his first international appearance for Norway while a Hearts player. Johnsen was brought to Hearts by former head coach Robbie Neilson after leaving Bulgarian club Litex Lovech. Ian Cathro had to deny reports of an argument with the striker during a game against St Johnstone in May.
Amy Pope and Sam Paterson are the first recruits to the Holywell community on an estate in Abergavenny. Father Mark Soady, vicar of St Mary's Priory Church, will be their prior. He said there had been "amazement" that young people were prepared to give up their lives to carry out good works.
Manchester United have dropped points in 10 out of their 16 away games. Angel Di Maria has not delivered since his £59.7m price-tag last summer. United need a player who can make the difference in those games. Louis van Gaal's next target is to win the Premier League title.
The 2015 Strategic Defence & Security Review (SDSR) will be published this week. It will identify both IS and Russia as tier 1 threats, but they may not be the same threat five years hence. The armed forces are still licking the wounds inflicted by the 2010 review. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon admits it involved "painful" decisions.
Wales' men beat France 4-3 in their semi-final in Glasgow. Scotland scored twice in three minutes in the final quarter to win 2-1. Wales women's hopes of rising into Europe's top tier were shattered by Russia. The nation's women were playing in the third tier just four years ago.
Nigel Williams, of Caerwent, was walking on the A48 when he was hit. He was taken to Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital, but died shortly after arrival. The father-of-three's family said he would be "sadly missed"
The 24-year-old has started three of Exeter's four games this season. Woodburn is in his second season at Sandy Park after moving from Bath. He was a regular in the Chiefs team which made the play-off final last season and reached the last eight in the Champions Cup.
Premier League champions Leicester will play Porto, Club Brugge and FC Copenhagen in their debut campaign. Arsenal have been drawn alongside Paris St-Germain, Basel and Ludogorets. Tottenham face Monaco, CSKA Moscow and Bayer Leverkusen. Real Madrid beat neighbours Atletico on penalties in last season's final.
Long queues outside ATMs as people try to exchange the 500 ($7) and 1,000 notes. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said that it would take a few weeks for banks and ATMs to completely replace the old notes. India's government hopes to flush out tax evaders and make money that is unaccounted for visible.
A selection of photos from across the African continent this week. A look at some of the best photos taken in Africa over the past few days. Click through the gallery to see more photos from Africa this month. For more from Africa, visit CNN.com/Africa.
Rory McIlroy is eight shots off the lead at the Tour Championship in Dubai. Order of Merit leader Henrik Stenson and Danny Willett are tied for 17th on three under. Lee Westwood is one back after dropping his only shot of the day at the last.
Ms Dugdale said Mr Smith could reunite the party and win a general election. Mr Smith said he was "incredibly proud" to have been endorsed by Ms Dugdale. A hustings debate will be held at the SECC in Glasgow on Thursday evening. The winner of the contest is due to be announced on 24 September.
Ashford Borough Council removed all its Kingdom officers from patrolling the streets. One was filmed revealing he raked in a bonus of almost £1,000. Another Kent-based Kingdom trainer was caught on camera saying they pretend to call the police to pressure people to pay up. Maidstone Borough Council suspended its officers last year for a two-week review.
The Markit/CIPS purchasing managers' index showed activity in UK services recorded the biggest month-on-month rise in the survey's history. Some analysts think the data indicates the UK might avoid recession later this year. The FTSE 100 was not moved much by the data, falling by 15 points to 6,879.
More than 100 people have been arrested as officers were attacked, police vehicles damaged and shops looted. Home Secretary Teresa May has cut short her holiday to return to the UK following the disorder. Some 35 officers have been injured over the two nights of rioting. The Met said it had dealt with several incidents of "copycat criminal activity" across the city.
There were about 19,000 diagnoses in 2015, compared to about 17,300 in 2006. Public Health Wales said the main reason for the increase was an ageing population. The organisation's Dr Dyfed Wyn Huws said there was "good news" by way of significant reductions in smoking rates in recent decades.
England face Russia in their Euro 2016 Group B opener in Marseille. Roy Hodgson's side will not know which system they will play until the game. England have looked vulnerable at times in their warm-up games. But they have the firepower to cause opposition teams a lot of problems.
Sir Christopher Pitchford, the inquiry's chairman, said he recognised the public interest in proceedings being "as open as possible" The senior judge said he would assess each anonymity request individually. The Metropolitan Police has already asked for large parts of the investigation to be in private. Campaigners who say they were wronged during operations dating back decades are calling for maximum disclosure.
Keighley Cougars beat Fryston Warriors 50-32 in the Challenge Cup. Emmerson Whittel may need surgery on his jaw. The club alleges player Josh Lynam was also bitten on the ear. RFL's match review panel will look at official video on Thursday.
Shirley Temple died on Monday at home in Woodside, California, from natural causes. Born in 1928, Temple soon became a major star after getting her first film role at the age of three. She was given a special juvenile Oscar in 1935, when she was just six years old.
Abdou signed a new one-year deal with Millwall on Thursday. The 33-year-old helped the Lions win promotion from League One last season. He is Neal Ardley's fifth signing since the end of the season. Abdou joined Millwall from Plymouth in 2008.
Marco Goncalves, 34, assaulted the referee after being sent off in last month's game against Rio Tinto. The referee suffered a broken nose and was escorted off the pitch by police. Gonclaves has been banned for four years for the attack on the referee, three months for assaulting an opposition players and two months for "insults"
Sir Andrew is one of four British Proms conductors celebrating significant birthdays. He first conducted at the Albert Hall in 1971, and regularly since. He will launch the musical festivities with a First Night performance of Elgar's The Kingdom. The Melbourne Symphony Orchestra will make its Proms debut on 19 August.
The 34-year-old, who had recently given birth, was found dead at her home. A man arrested in connection with the deaths has been released on bail. The man's body was discovered in a wheelie bin on Monday night. It had been wrapped in cling film and a purple duvet cover.
HM Inspectorate of Constabulary says South Yorkshire Police's public protection unit showed a "disregard for victims" Report criticises the unit for under-recording crime, highlighting the impact this had on vulnerable children who had been victims of sexual assault. At least 1,400 children were sexually exploited from 1997-2013, mainly by gangs of men of Pakistani heritage.
Dean Whitestone awarded Gillingham a penalty in first-half stoppage time. Southend's Ryan Inniss was sent off for two bookable offences. Brown claims Whitestone did not cope with the pressure of the game. Former captain Adam Barrett has announced his retirement at the age of 37.
The Scottish government is giving £2.8m to 46 primary schools across the country. The money will be used to help close the attainment gap between the rich and poor. The first year of the new funding will be spent on primary schools in the Scottish Borders. The funding will also be used for secondary schools to improve attainment.
Pilgrims were returning from the Hindu shrine of Sabarimala. Governor R S Gavai has said he is "deeply shocked and saddened" The stampede happened at Pulmedu, near the town of Vandiperiyar in Idukki district.
Assou-Ekotto has not played for Cameroon since the 2014 World Cup. The 31-year-old has been without a club since leaving Tottenham Hotspur. He did not play at all for Tottenham in the 2014-15 season and spent the previous season on loan with Queens Park Rangers.
The new government will comprise a total of 31 cabinet ministers. President Bashir has also appointed governors for Sudan's 18 states. The most surprising decision is the removal of Abdel Rahim Hussein as defence minister. But simply replacing ministers and governors will not bring change. Instead, the way Sudan is governed will have to improve if the country is to escape its current malaise.
President Jacob Zuma has offered to pay back the money spent on his Nkandla residence. A report by the public protector said Mr Zuma had "benefited unduly" from the upgrades. Some of the money was spent on building an amphitheatre, swimming pool and cattle enclosure.
Christopher Huxtable, 34, from Swansea, had been missing since the collapse. His body was found on Wednesday and workers formed a guard of honour. Ken Cresswell, 57, and John Shaw, 61, both from Rotherham, remain missing. Michael Collings, 53, from Brotton, Teesside, was previously recovered from the site.
Christopher Clarke, 29, contacted girls, aged 15 and 16, via Facebook, Snapchat and Twitter. He also bought the Ysgol Bro Dinefwr pupils gifts including T-shirts, earrings, sweets and games consoles. An Education Workforce Council hearing concluded his actions amounted to professional misconduct.
Lassie arrived back in Scotland on 23 March, six days after her mate. The bird, known officially as LF15, and her partner LM12 bred three chicks in both 2015 and 2016 at the Dunkeld reserve. The egg is expected to hatch in about six weeks' time.
A tyre had been put against the front door of the house and set alight. A man, a woman and two boys inside the property were not injured. Police said they received a report of the fire at a property in Castle Mews at about 03:30 BST on Saturday.
The CQC previously rated the Penberthy home in Newquay as inadequate. New reports highlight problems at three other homes run by Cornwall Care. Headlands in Carbis Bay, Trevern in Falmouth and Blackwood in Camborne. Cornwall Care said it was rare for an inspection not to point out areas for improvement.
As a candidate, Mr Trump derided climate change as a hoax concocted by China, and the regulations of Paris as stifling to American growth. Quitting the Paris deal, signed by nearly 200 countries, will take a few years but this is unequivocally a promise kept. One of Mr Trump's trademark rally pledges was to repeal and replace Obamacare - his predecessor's attempt to extend healthcare.
Marine officers are searching a section of the River Stour in West Parley. Guy Hedger, 61, died in the early hours of 30 April after intruders broke into his home. Crimestoppers put up a Â£10,000 reward for information leading to the recovery of the firearm used.
Vincent Harvey, 33, was pronounced dead at the scene in Wood Green, London. No arrests have been made and police have appealed for witnesses. Police say there was a large number of people in and around the pub at the time of the incident, which took place at about 03:20 BST.
The Championship side have struggled to pay players' wages. A winding-up petition was dismissed by the High Court on Monday. An undisclosed amount of money owed to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs had been paid by the Exiles. Club statement said the takeover had been agreed, subject to the approval of the Rugby Football Union.
Darren Turk, 53, is charged with 14 offences including rape and indecent assault. He was a member of staff at Frewen College in Northiam between 1996 and 2002. He is due to appear before Hastings Magistrates' Court on 1 July. The charges did not involve any staff or pupils at the school.
New legislation places a statutory duty on schools and colleges to counter radicalisation. The seminars will be run by the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL) The aim is to maintain an atmosphere of equality and diversity in schools but also to help teachers understand how social media can be used "to groom young people into extremist ideologies"
Theresa May is on a three-day visit to Japan to drum up trade. She said Japanese firms continued to make "important" investments in the UK. She hailed Aston Martin's decision to invest Â£500m in Japan as a sign of the strength of the two countries' economic partnership.
Inverness-born Gillan's big break came when she was cast as Doctor Who companion Amy Pond. Guardians of the Galaxy forms part of Marvel's so-called "Phase 2" project. The film's cast includes Chris Pratt, who provided the voice for Emmet Brickowoski in The Lego Movie.
Jose Mourinho says executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward has had his targets "for more than two months" United have been linked with Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann and Burnley centre-back Michael Keane. United will go straight into the group stage of the Champions League.
The crossing in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was concreted over in 1904. It re-opened to pedestrians after a Â£5m project, which also exposed a section of the River Roch in the town. It is believed to have been built in about 1324 when Edward II ruled England.
The Met Office said the reading had been registered at Heathrow - breaking the previous record set in 2006. A level 3 "heatwave action" heat-health alert has been declared for all parts of England. Forecasters warned of thunderstorms, torrential downpours and hail stones up to 1cm in size in Scotland.
Murder-suicides involving pilots or in gun massacres are, in fact, much, much rarer. What drives people to these acts is therefore virtually impossible to determine. Media has been quick to point the finger at Lubitz's history of depression. Mental health charities say the vast majority of people with depression do not hurt anyone, and research shows that their risk is primarily to themselves.
Ulster twice opened a seven-point lead through tries by wing Craig Gilroy and full-back Jared Payne. Dragons hit back with scores by Rynard Landman and Ollie Griffiths. Paddy Jackson's kick edged Ulster ahead before Rodney Ah You was shown a red card.
Nickel spike in sediments immediately above Chicxulub Crater. Scientists would prefer to see the element iridium. This is extremely rare on Earth but is frequently associated with meteorites. One theory is that its metals could have made the environment toxic for many lifeforms.
UKIP leader rejects the idea that Wales is a net beneficiary of being in the union. Mr Farage visited an e-cigarette firm and attended a rally of 400 people. Labour AM Mike Hedges said it would be a "giant leap in the dark" for the UK to leave.
Both men retired on 105 as they punished a tiring students attack. Donald, 19, is the second youngest player to reach three figures for Glamorgan. The record is still held by Mike Llewellyn, who was aged 18 when he scored a century against Cambridge University in 1972.
The man, who has not yet been identified, was last seen alive at 20:45 BST on Tuesday 9 June in St Stephen's subway. Two people saw the man, 29, in the early hours of Wednesday before he was found dead at 07:00 BST, police said. A post-mortem examination revealed he died from injuries to the spleen.
The Kanneh-Mason family are very special - they all play an instrument to a very high level. Their house can get pretty loud with all six bothers and sisters practicing at once. Ayshah has been to meet them and explains why they are so special.
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke was born and raised in Umea, an unassuming university town near the edge of the Arctic Circle. At the age of 16, she entered the TV talent show Swedish Idol, finishing in third place. She was unhappy with the way she was being presented, and took a three-year break to immerse herself in music.
Chiltern Edge School in Oxfordshire is to be closed. The school has been criticised for not being able to provide a good education. The council will hold a meeting with parents on Friday to discuss the issue. The decision will be made after the meeting, which will be open to the public.
MI6 and and GCHQ advertised on the Mumsnet website for the first time this year. MI5 has raised its target for women employees to 45% by 2021. Flexible working and the importance of "high emotional intelligence" are also being stressed. The agencies were responding to calls from MPs to recruit more women.
Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs. Chairman of the Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust said it was "the end of an era" The only remaining deep coal mine in England, Kellingley colliery in North Yorkshire, is due to close later this year.
Jules, 20, did not play a first-team game for the Royals. But he did make 10 Scottish Premiership appearances for Motherwell during a loan spell last season. Ebou Adams, 21, signed from non-league Dartford in February 2016. He will be making his second loan move from Carrow Road.
The planned deal was worth £10.3bn, and would have left the UK with just three major mobile phone network operators. Europe's competition commissioner, Margrethe Vestager, said she had strong concerns about the takeover. CK Hutchison said it was considering a legal challenge to the decision.
President Omar al-Bashir's government likes to keep a tight rein over Sudan's media and cultural institutions. Intimate gatherings and online forums have sprung like roses from the concrete. Poetry is now used by contemporary Sudanese poets to wrestle with a conflicted national identity.
Oldham Athletic beat Peterborough United 2-0 to move within three points of safety. Paul Green and Ryan McLaughlin scored their first goals for the Latics. Peterborough were well below par and did not go close to scoring until injury time. Oldham gave free admission to all fans in a bid to arrest their decline in attendances.
Brazil's Attorney-General, Rodrigo Janot, has asked the Supreme Court to open an investigation into Lula's alleged involvement in the multi-billion dollar scandal. Lula, who governed from 2003 to 2011, has denied the allegations. The former leader is suspected of hampering Operation Car Wash, the investigation into corruption at Petrobras.
The Sun goes through cycles of high and low activity that repeat approximately every 11 years. It is currently gaining in activity and is expected to peak in 2013 or 2014. This means we can expect more solar flares and more coronal mass ejections over the next few years. An extreme storm could cause up to $2 trillion in initial damages by crippling communications on Earth.
Parling, 31, has won 21 international caps, and played all three Tests for the British & Irish Lions in 2013. Woodburn, 23, has scored 11 tries since making his Bath debut four years ago. Parling started his career with Newcastle Falcons before joining Leicester in 2009. Woodsburn spent some of last season on loan at Championship side Nottingham.
The leading index closed down 69.63 points at 6231.89. Miners more than doubled earlier losses to leave Antofagasta down more than 6%. Others, including Anglo American and BHP Billiton were down 4%. Usebuilders all but wiped out their earlier falls.
CharityBuzz is selling a one-hour lunch with Apple boss Tim Cook. The winner will also get a VIP seat at an upcoming Apple event. Last year a lunch with former Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke sold for $70,000. A still-open auction for a coffee date with Warren Buffett has no bids.
Borussia Monchengladbach winger will stand by his decision to take a break from internationals. Traore named in a 23-man squad for the 6 September fixture. Veteran defender Kamil Zayatte has admitted that his playing days are truly over.
Cape Verde missed out on qualifying on goals scored after only finding the net once in three matches, with a penalty, compared to DR Congo's two strikes. The weather will be the main talking point in a match from which either side could have qualified for the quarter-finals.Persistent showers fell through the first half and the rain became extremely heavy during half-time.
Castell Henllys Iron Age Village, near Crymych, needs people to support the prehistoric site. It is owned and run by the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority. It would involve practical tasks such as maintaining the herb garden. An open afternoon for those interested was held on Saturday afternoon.
The Samaritans said councils should have a mandatory responsibility to try to prevent suicides in their areas. Jobcentres, banks, building societies and utility companies in England could also be trained to spot - and counsel - vulnerable people. The ideas are raised in a consultation paper on suicide prevention.
The 31-year-old Scot was development driver for the Williams team this year. Her position will be expanded in 2015 to include two runs in Friday practice and two tests. Wolff impressed in an outing in free practice at the German Grand Prix. Williams finished third in the constructors' championship this season.
Lucas has had two previous spells with the National League side this season. The 20-year-old made his Bristol Rovers debut in April 2014, but has yet to start a game for the League Two club. Lucas has scored three goals in 10 appearances for Wood.
The White Garden, at Kensington Palace, was planted to mark 20 years since Princess Diana died in a car crash. The Duchess of Cambridge joined the princes on the garden tour. The garden has been open since spring and will continue into September with white roses, lilies, gladioli and cosmos.
Five suspected jihadists shot dead by police in Cambrils, south of Barcelona. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called it a "jihadist attack" It is believed an Islamist cell of at least eight militants was involved. Spain raised its terror alert level to four - one short of maximum, level five.
Highways England say the Â£6m layout changes on the Posthouse roundabout proved more difficult than anticipated. Work began last summer and was expected to finish by March but it has now been pushed back to 28 June. Wrexham MP Ian Lucas said the route was vital to the region's economy. New Chester MP Chris Matheson said the chaos these works have caused has been a real issue for Chester for months.
The English 16-time world champion beat the Belgian 4-2 at Alexandra Palace. Taylor will meet Van Barneveld for the fourth time at the tournament. Dutch top seed Michael van Gerwen beat Darren Webster 4-1. Scottish third seed Peter Wright beat England's Ian White by the same score. England's Dave Chisnall reached the quarter-finals for the first time.
The UK Personal Genome Project could provide a massive free tool for scientists to further understanding of disease and human genetics. Participants will get an analysis of their DNA, but so will the rest of the world, and anonymity is not guaranteed. They are warned there could be unknown consequences for them and relatives.
Brighton midfielder named in Wales squad for upcoming friendlies. The 31-year-old has won 27 caps for Wales, with the last of those coming against Serbia in September 2013. He could add to those in the friendlies against Northern Ireland and Ukraine during the international break. Crofts has returned to Gillingham until the end of the campaign.
Stokes smashed 158 from 131 balls and Taylor compiled a stylish 114 before both were retired out. Nick Compton, batting at three, marked his return with 58. England recover from 56-3 as Alastair Cook managed only two and new opening partner Alex Hales eight. First of four Tests against South Africa begins on 26 December.
Five people were on the training aircraft when it was forced to land on Yr Aran. Black smoke could be seen billowing from the peak for miles around. A Chinook helicopter from RAF Odiham in Hampshire was sent to recover the wreckage. All five escaped unhurt, but a sixth person was already on the mountain.
Many local authorities had voiced concerns about a 2% fall in their income. Mr Swinney told the local government and regeneration committee he did not underestimate the "on-going challenges" He said councils had been given a "very credible settlement" for the budget. Scotland's first minister has called on councils to "do the right thing" and accept the funding deal.
Tens of thousands of animals, mostly lambs, were auctioned at Lairg. The sheep were transported to a livestock mart in the small Highlands village. United Auctions' Donald Morrison said it "looked promising" for good prices for crofters and farmers selling sheep.
The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) is one of the most expensive science experiments ever put in space. It has taken a group of 600 or so researchers from 16 nations a total of 17 years to prepare it for flight. AMS will do this by studying the storm of high-energy particles (cosmic rays) that are hurled at Earth from the deepest reaches of the Universe.
Khalid Shamim and Mohsin Ali were detained near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border in Chaman, Balochistan province. Dr Imran Farooq was stabbed to death near his home in Edgware, north London in September 2010. The MQM party denied any association with the suspects or involvement in the murder.
Families blocked from visiting Chorley Pals Memorial Site at Serre-les-Puisieux. Claims they were obstructed by a farmer who owns land near the cemetery. BBC tried to contact Jean Louis Legrand but could not get a reply.
Boris Johnson's intervention is a "serious setback" for David Cameron, says Germany's n-tv news channel. French Catholic daily La Croix dubs Mr Johnson the "man of the moment for Brexit" Le Monde's Philippe Bernard says Johnson's "defiance" of Cameron gives a "potentially decisive impetus"
Michael Allen, Stuart McCloskey, Craig Gilroy and Andrew Warwick score tries for Ulster. Ruan Pienaar converts all five tries as Ulster move level on points with the pacesetting Ospreys. Treviso captain Antonio Pavenello sinbinned for a deliberate knock-down.
Lawro has been pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season. His opponent for the final round of fixtures is drummer Ben Thatcher from rock band Royal Blood. Thatcher is a Brighton fan who is looking forward to seeing his side in the top flight next season.
Tecomak Environmental Services sent Anna Jacobs an email inviting her for an interview. But below the formal invitation, the e-mail read: "Home educated oddball. Can't get a job since leaving uni. Forages for mushrooms" The company said it was investigating thoroughly but added the comments had been taken out of context.
Broadbent plays his role with an undercurrent of his well-known affability. He said his Scrooge had been partly inspired by modern bankers and the issue of pay-day loans. Critics seemed largely to be won over by Broadbent's take on one of the meanest men in literature.
There are thought to have been as many as 200m downloads of period tracking apps worldwide. But a leading UK medical college has warned that women should not rely on them as a form of contraception. Privacy campaigners say users should be wary of what data they might unwittingly be sharing when they download some apps.
Aimee and Carl Pistorius say they are anxious ahead of Tuesday's sentencing. They say the truth has been "twisted and manipulated" and "sensationalised" Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide after shooting dead girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. The prosecution has argued for a minimum 10-year jail sentence.
England international Chase, 29, had been suspended pending an internal disciplinary investigation, but will now be given a free transfer. Captain Hansen, 29,. is also released while Salford owner Marwan Koukash says Paterson, 28, is moving to Leigh.Half-back Fages had resigned from the club and will now being allowed to leave.
Manchester United are six points adrift of the Premier League top four. Saturday's 2-1 defeat at Sunderland means United remain six points behind. United play the first leg of their Europa League last-32 tie against FC Midtjylland on Thursday. They do not return to Premier League action until 28 February when they play third-placed Arsenal at Old Trafford.
Dame Judi is backing a project aimed at securing the future of Nower Wood, as an "outdoor classroom" for generations. The ancient woodland, in Leatherhead, serves as a wildlife and environmental education site for pupils from primary to A-Level. A fundraising drive aims to raise Â£470,000 to rebuild dilapidated classrooms.
It's the fifth coin portrait to have been created during the Queen's reign. Coins carrying the new design will also begin being made from today. But it may take a little while for the coins to get into your pockets. New coins tend to go to cash centres and banks first.
Health spokesman Andy Burnham said the coalition had created queues outside practices and diverted people to A&E. Labour has pledged £2.5bn to pay for 8,000 more GPs, guaranteeing appointments within 48 hours. Lib Dems also said Labour's figures - obtained through a parliamentary question - were out of date.
Rickie Fowler missed out on an automatic Ryder Cup place after carding a three-over round of 74 on Sunday to finish joint seventh. Fowler needed to finish third and will now hope to be a wildcard pick on Davis Love's team. Europe have won the competition three times in a row, and eight times in the last 10.
Officers fired tyre-deflation rounds at the raiders' Mercedes after they tried to ram a police car to escape. Two further rounds were discharged at another car which was mistakenly thought to be involved. Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc) said the officers' response was "wholly justified"
In 2014, 4,337 motorcyclists were injured in London. The number of deaths rose to 514 in the year up to September 2015. TfL says it is working to improve safety on London's roads. It is also trying to reduce the number of accidents on the roads.
Manchester United are back at the Milk Cup this year, competing in the Premier Section. The club have been to 12 finals, winning six titles. United will be attempting to become the first team ever to secure three successive victories after triumphs over County Tyrone in 2013 and French club Vendee last year.
Health Inspectorate Wales said Wrexham Maelor Hospital staff were under "considerable pressure" for long periods. Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said it was working to manage the pressures. Inspectors visited the A&E unit and another ward on 30 September and 1 October last year.
The 21-year-old spent last season on loan at English Championship side Middlesbrough. He joined Chelsea from Belgian side Standard Liege in 2012. Omeruo underwent his medical at Kasimpasa on Tuesday before signing a deal, which includes an option for the Turkish club to buy him at the end of the loan.
Esteban Ruiz Santiago is accused of murdering five people at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International airport on Friday. He spoke very little during the hearing and confirmed to the judge that he understood the criminal charges and that he is a US citizen. He worked for the Signal 88 security firm in Anchorage, Alaska, for the last few years.
Former actor John Denham, 49, has pleaded guilty to child pornography offences. He and co-accused Matthew Stansfield, 34, deny conspiracy to rape a child. Mr Denham said he was "ashamed" of deriving sexual gratification from child pornography and now understood there were "real victims"
Some 1.57m sq km (600,000 sq miles) of the Southern Ocean will gain protection from commercial fishing for 35 years. Conservationists have welcomed the move to protect what's said to be the Earth's most pristine marine ecosystem. There are concerns that overfishing and climate change are having significant impacts on their numbers.
The Hindu festival of light marks the victory of good over evil. About 41,000 people descended on the city's Golden Mile to mark the festival. At the centre of Leicester's celebrations was a 110ft (34m) ferris wheel. About 6,000 coloured lamps were strung up around the city.
Collins's raunchy novels of the rich and famous sold more than 500 million copies in 40 countries. She was diagnosed with stage-four breast cancer six-and-a-half years ago. All 32 of her novels appeared in the New York Times bestseller list.
Chisako Kakehi was arrested in 2014 and went on trial in Kyoto late last month. Her lawyers have pleaded not guilty on her behalf, and when her trial began she said only that she would "leave everything" to her defence team. But in court, asked if she killed her husband, she said there was "no mistake"
The sturgeon, named Steve, swam out of World of Water in Romsey, Hampshire. Staff at a car wash a mile from the centre have discovered him in a deep puddle. A larger koi carp fish named Chadwick escaped at the same time but has not yet been retrieved.
Simmons, 52, was suspended in September for questioning the continued omissions of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard. Eldine Baptiste took over from Simmons for the current tour of Sri Lanka. West Indies lost both Tests and all three one-day internationals.
Steven Johnson had been wanted since January 2014 after breaching his parole. Police believe he went to Spain, where he posted Facebook and Twitter messages. He was arrested in Whiston, Merseyside, on Thursday and returned to jail. Johnson was serving a sentence of six years and 11 months for possession with intent to supply class A drugs.
Steve and Ola were in the bottom two on Strictly and lost the dance off. The pair dismissed claims earlier this month that they had been bullied. Ola has now said that she knows people will believe how it was reported by the Daily Mail. Steve says "it's pretty crazy that the word 'bullying' was bandied around"
The Point stars Caerphilly-born TV presenter and actor Matt Johnson. He plays the younger brother of a man who is convinced he does not want to live anymore. The film will be shot in the Brecon Beacons, near the home of its scriptwriter Jasper Warry.
Sturrock has nearly an entire team of injured players with 10 of his first-team squad doubtful for Saturday's League Two game against Wimbledon. To add to his woes forward Shaun Jeffers is also suspended following last weekend's red card. Winger Jack Compton has also been ruled out for four weeks.
SpaceX boss says the explosion was the most complicated in firm's history. The rocket's payload, a satellite on which Facebook had leased capacity, was destroyed in the explosion last week. Mr Musk tweeted that support for the SpaceX investigation by Nasa, the US Federal Aviation Administration, and the US Air Force was "much appreciated"
A member of the public raised the alarm after seeing the woman fall. She was airlifted by the coastguard helicopter to King George's Field park. The injured woman, who is from the Swanage area, was taken to Southampton General Hospital by air ambulance. Police said the woman's family had been informed.
The two men were racially abused by officers in 2007, the High Court heard. They were stopped because they were mouthing obscenities. One of the men was held in a police van for five minutes, the court heard. The other was strip searched and held for almost 20 hours, it was claimed.
President Robert Mugabe and his wife arrived back in Harare early on Sunday. Mrs Mugabe, 52, is accused of assaulting model Gabriella Engels a week ago. South African government's decision came in a notice from International Relations Minister Maite Nkoana-Mashabane.
The court in Novorossiysk gave two of the dancers 10 days in jail each. A third 15 days and two others received fines on charges of petty hooliganism. Earlier this month, Russian officials closed a dance school after a similar dance video emerged on the internet.
Webster, 21, made 81 appearances for Pompey, having made his debut in 2012 against West Ham in the Championship. The fee is a record for a player under Town boss Mick McCarthy. Clarke, 19, spent last season on loan at Fratton Park and has now agreed a three-year deal.
It says the current TV deals saw Premier League clubs generate £3.3bn record revenues in 2014-15, up by 3%. It also said that it was encouraging to see that much of this new-found TV wealth was being spent by clubs not only on players, but also on improving stadia.
Archibald is on the four-man shortlist for the PFA Scotland manager of the year award. He was responding to comments by his former player Ziggy Gordon that he has learned more in a few months in Poland than in his years in Scotland. Archibald said he had never seen Polish coaches at work so did not know how accurate the Jagiellonia Bialystok defender's comments were.
Peake won silver at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. The 30-year-old aims to break the Welsh record, which she currently holds. British Athletics has set 4.50m as the qualification standard for Rio. Peake set a personal best of 4.40m.
Pakistani Taliban have claimed responsibility for the Peshawar school massacre. But even people who witnessed the attack hesitate to blame the Taliban by name. This is in part because the Pakistan's civil and military elites are so divided and dysfunctional. The Taliban are the only group that are directly confronting the Pakistani army.
Anglo-South African company said its current structure was "too costly" and inefficient. Changes to the regulatory environment in Europe and South Africa had also made the business more complex to run. Firm reported a 4% rise in annual pre-tax adjusted operating profit to Â£1.7bn.
The 23-year-old has agreed a pre-contract agreement with the club. He had been due to sign a new deal until the end of the season. But the deal was cancelled and he is now free to sign for the rest of the campaign. Click here for all the latest transfer news from Premier League.
The announcement follows last week's warning that a vast area of China would be badly hit by pollution. Red alerts trigger advisories for people to stay inside, schools to stop classes, and restrict vehicle use. The latest news was met with resignation, and even some jokes, by Chinese netizens who have endured bad air quality levels in recent weeks.
Police forces tasked with implementing strict state interpretations of Islamic morality exist in several other states, including Saudi Arabia, Sudan and Malaysia. Iran has had various forms of "morality police" since the 1979 Islamic Revolution. Growing religious conservatism has led to pressure for similar forces to be created in countries that do not have them.
David Fifita, Tom Johnstone and Ben Jones-Bishop score for Wakefield. Scott Grix and Jake Connor score for Huddersfield. Jermaine McGillvary scores two tries for the hosts. Chris Chester one win away from second Challenge Cup final in as many seasons.
Police were called to the unusual double parking incident at 11:40 on Tuesday. It is not clear how exactly the silver-coloured Mazda ended up on top of the white Volkswagen Golf. A sign later placed next to one of the vehicles reads: "Parking out of marked bays is an offence"
Christopher Nolan won best director, and also received the film magazine's "inspiration" award. Andy Serkis won best actor for his motion-capture performance in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. Ralph Fiennes, meanwhile, was presented with a "legend" award by Liam Neeson.
Oil and gas companies are continuing to pursue new methods and techniques to get ever more fossil fuels out of the ground. High price of oil in recent years allowed investments to be made in places such as very deep water in Brazil, Canadian sands and other parts of the world. BP's major new site at Clair Ridge, off the coast of Shetland, will be harnessed to dislodge oil from the reservoir.
Cheetham Hill Asda will turn off escalators, screens and music for an hour on Saturday 7 May. General manager Simon Lea came up with the idea after watching an autistic child and his mother struggle on the shop floor. Asda said it would monitor feedback from the trial and would consider rolling it out to other stores.
Beirut for the Ethical Treatment of Animals is struggling to house 500 dogs and over 150 cats. The organisation is facing possible closure due to mounting debt from food suppliers. Many of the dogs which are rescued are sent to the US, where there is a better chance of them finding new homes.
Computer program learned how to play 49 classic Atari games. In more than half, it was as good or better than a professional human player. Researchers from Google DeepMind said this was the first time a system had learned to master a wide range of complex tasks. In 2014, Google purchased DeepMind Technologies for a reported Â£400m.
The 39-year-old has passed the Premier League and Football League's fit and proper person test. He will take charge of the West Midlands club after they were relegated last season. The new boss of Aston Villa will take over from Paul Lambert, who left to join Manchester United.
Gen Christophe Gomart told a parliamentary commission in May that a "partner agency" warned of the plot by a Brazilian Islamist militant. Brazil's institutional security cabinet - which oversees the country's information services - said it had received no information about the threat from the French authorities.
The 30-year-old midfielder moved to McDiarmid Park for a second spell in February 2016 after a frustrating five months with Hearts. Swanson has scored 14 goals in 48 appearances since then, having netted twice while on loan in 2015. The Championship winners are yet to reveal details of the contract agreed with the former Dundee United, Peterborough and Coventry City player.
EU interior ministers will hold an emergency meeting on the crisis on 14 September. July was a record month, with more than 100,000 reaching the EU's borders. It is proving difficult to get agreement on joint action, as migration pressure varies from country to country. What are the biggest obstacles to a solution?
Mazda says new engine is up to 30% more fuel-efficient than its current engines. It has no plans to supply the engine to other carmakers. The move comes as the car industry pours massive investment into electric technology. Volvo said all new models will have an electric motor from 2019.
Crystal Palace adopted Kayla as a mascot in 2010. Charlton Athletic supporter Daniel Boylett, 36, of Eltham, was arrested after trouble broke out at the match on 23 September 2015. He was found guilty at Croydon Crown Court of attempted damage for the attack on Kayla.
General  Rios Montt was found guilty of genocide and war crimes two years ago. He is charged with ordering the murder of hundreds of farmers and over 1,000 Mayan Indians. The main charges were that he and his former intelligence chief ordered the army to carry out 15 massacres in Quiche.
The Royal Stoke University Hospital has been designated as a "gym" where players can train their characters. A hospital spokesman said it was "unconcerned" as long as people played the game where it was safe. But he warned players to stay away from the "incredibly busy" A&E department.
Flood has been capped 60 times by England. The 31-year-old won three Premiership titles with Leicester. He has spent the past three seasons in the French top flight with Toulouse. The Falcons have now made 10 signings for the 2017-18 season.
Ms Dynamite is part of a groundswell of female voices in the male-dominated world of UK hip-hop and grime. Her breakthrough video, Station, was shot, without permission, at a local railway station. She spoke to the BBC about her upbringing in Croydon and why she read the dictionary as a child.
Mid-table Millwall were actually awarded a penalty early on, only for referee Chris Sarginson to change his mind. James Vaughan broke the deadlock on 61 minutes before doubling the Shakers' lead six minutes later. But Bury's Niall Maher was dismissed for giving away a 70th-minute penalty, which Shaun Williams converted. Millwall replied with Harry Smith and Fred Onyedinma going close.
The mission is a key step towards China's goal of building a space station by 2020. China's first woman in space, Liu Yang, performed the manual docking. The crew also carried out automatic docking of the two crafts during their mission. All the astronauts were in good health, state-run news agency Xinhua reported.
Glen Johnson said he was stepping down from Cadwgan Building Preservation Trust. He said some had taken exception to the way the castle project was being run. The trust secured revamp funds, with more than £6m from the Heritage Lottery Fund. He will continue to work as a volunteer with the group.
Suspect was a member of the extremist Reichsbuerger movement. Four police were wounded as they tried to arrest him in Bavarian town of Georgensgmuend. Police confirmed the officer's death on Thursday, having announced it prematurely late on Wednesday. Another policeman is being treated for serious gunshot wounds.
England coach says he wants his players to be 'brutal' but legal. Stuart Lancaster's side face Ireland at Twickenham on Saturday. England face France in their autumn international on Saturday night. England fly-half Johnny Sexton has suffered several concussions in recent years.
The Edinburgh-based group said profit increased by 22.6% to £31.5m. Revenues were down 6.8%, to £242.3m, but operating costs were cut by 6.7%. Shareholders overwhelmingly backed a deal to buy the i newspaper for £24m.
Perry Beeches is one of six free schools in the Birmingham area. Ofsted said the schools were under-performing. The headteacher of one of the schools said the report was 'unacceptable' The other two schools have been rated 'outstanding' by Ofsted.
The campaign was launched on 19 July by the Iraq War Families Campaign Group. It is made up of relatives of British troops killed in the conflict. The group initially aimed to reach £50,000 via crowdfunding. But it extended its target after raising that figure in nine hours on the CrowdJustice website.
Ma becomes only the fifth man to have won singles titles at the World Championships, World Cup and Olympics. China have claimed nine of the last 12 Olympic men's singles medals. Japan's world number six Jun Mizutani beat Belarusian Vladimir Samsonov 4-1 in the bronze medal match.
After 200 operations, she completed the 226km (140 mile) Hawaii event on Sunday. Ms Pitt received burns to 65% of her body and was told she would never compete again after the 2011 ultra-marathon in Western Australia. She has been hailed on social media as an "amazing role model"
Nearly half of the Dutch firm's business is focused on healthcare. It's selling its home entertainment division and betting on new opportunities in Asia, where there's a growing aging population.Ashleigh Nghiem asked the company's chief executive, Frans van Houten, about this push into Asia.
Mid-Infrared Instrument (Miri) will gather key data as the $9bn observatory seeks to identify the first starlight in the Universe. Results of testing conducted at the Rutherford Appleton Laboratory in the UK have just been signed off, clearing Miri to travel to America. James Webb - regarded as the successor to Hubble - is due to launch in 2018.
Morocco controls two-thirds of Western Sahara and sees it as part of its historic territory. Some, including the UN, see Western Sahara as Africa's last colony. A referendum was promised in 1991 but never carried out due to wrangling over who was eligible to vote.
Heard, 30, filed for divorce in Los Angeles Superior Court. They married 15 months ago and have no children. She pleaded guilty in April to a charge of falsifying documents. His latest film, Alice Through the Looking Glass, is due to be released on Friday.
Nigeria's failure to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations is a confirmation of decline. The Super Eagles will sit out the finals in Gabon as they did in Equatorial Guinea last year. Former international winger Segun Odegbami believes success on the pitch will not return unless they "sort things at the administrative level"
In previous years crime figures have seen a significant rise during the annual celebration. Good weather on Saturday meant a larger number of spectators than usual turned out to the event. Insp Stuart Wilson said that other than a "few minor incidents" it had passed peacefully. He said: "It was a good family atmosphere and there were no policing issues"
SNP leader said she hoped the "national survey" would involve two million people. SNP's 120,000 members were encouraged to "hit the doorsteps" to ask people to take part. Data gathered during the exercise could be used by the SNP if Ms Sturgeon decides to call another referendum.
Orla Galton, from Blackmill, Bridgend county, was diagnosed with leukaemia at three and blood transfusions helped save her life. She endured them for years, but her mother, Sharon, said they were a lifeline. The Welsh Blood Service wants 200,000 more donors to replenish stocks.
'Sophie' Mackichan says she regrets playing a rape victim in The Fall. The BBC Two drama tells of a serial killer who torments and rapes his victims. The Fall, also starring Gillian Anderson, has been criticised for perpetuating stereotypes. The next edition of Radio 4's Seriously... podcast is available on Tuesday.
Lagmar Barking owned the Vicarage Field shopping centre in Barking. It has been bought by UK-based private equity property fund manager Benson Elliot. The loan secured on the centre was bought by the US investment fund Cerberus as part of its purchase of the National Asset Management Agency's (Nama) Northern Ireland loan book in 2014.
The law would have made it illegal to share information that could "destroy, alter or subvert" state institutions. It also wanted to criminalise "whistle-blowing" and make it illegal for anyone to search for information about the state, even if it was not classified. Human Rights Watch said the legislation would have "undercut both freedom of expression and information"
After centuries as a powerful medieval kingdom, Hungary was part of the Ottoman and then Habsburg empires from the 16th century onwards. It emerged as an independent country again after World War I. The Hungarian language belongs to the Finno-Ugric family and is one of the handful of languages spoken within the EU that are not of Indo-European origin.
Victim was queuing for food at the branch in St George's Street, Canterbury. Three men entered the restaurant and began being noisy and bumping into people. It is believed one of the group then set light to the woman's hair. Officers have released CCTV images of three men they are keen to speak to.
The bill would make it illegal to promote homosexuality in public. It would also make it a crime not to report a person for being gay. The bill was originally proposed in 2009 but has now been put on hold. The president says he will not sign the bill unless he is forced to.
A series of character posters and the film's trailer provoked uproar on social media for their predominantly white cast. The action movie - due to be released early next year - sees white actors such as Gerard Butler, Rufus Sewell and Geoffrey Rush take centre stage in a film about warring Egyptian gods. The film's director, Alex Proyas, and studio, Lionsgate, apologised for the offence.
Belgium, ranked second in the world, are the next test for Chris Coleman's side as they look to continue their remarkable progress in France. Wales strikers Dean Saunders and John Hartson, who between them won 126 caps and scored 36 goals for their country, explain how Wales can win and book a place in the semi-finals.
Malorie Bantala, 21, was 32-weeks pregnant when she was assaulted. She was assaulted by two people in Peckham on 15 June. A boy, 17, was charged on Tuesday with child destruction and grievous bodily harm. He is due to appear at Barkingside Magistrates' Court later.
The film will be released in US cinemas on 17 March 2017. It was announced in January that Emma Watson had been cast as Belle. Downton Abbey's Dan Stevens will play the Beast and Luke Evans will co-star as the villainous Gaston. Josh Gad, who voiced Olaf the snowman in Disney's animated hit Frozen, is also on board as Gaston's sidekick LeFou.
Carrick Rangers play Amateur League side Crumlin Star in a rearranged Irish Cup sixth round tie at Seaview. The winners will have home advantage against Crusaders in the quarter-finals of the competition. Glenavon host Glentoran and Portadown travel to Ballinamallard United.
Wales is the first country in the world to offer superfast broadband to all its citizens. The country is also one of the first in Europe to offer it to its citizens at the same time as the rest of the world. It is also the first nation in the UK to offer the service to all of its citizens, not just the wealthy.
Gloria De Piero, 30, died after being stabbed in the neck by her husband. She was a mother-of-two from Sutton-in-Ashfield, near London. Her husband, a former soldier, was also killed in the attack. The family are appealing to the Italian government for help.
Construction output fell by 1.7% in February, down from a revised January reading of zero growth. The UK's deficit in goods and services widened to Â£3.7bn in February. The deficit was fuelled by what the ONS called "erratic items", such as imports of gold and aircraft.
Young people in Belfast say they are frustrated by lack of work opportunities. Some say politicians need to be more visible when it isn't election time. Others say they want to see drug reform and better health care in Northern Ireland. They are calling on politicians to do more to help young people get into work.
The 20-year-old has played seven games for the Swans since January 2015. Grimes made his only Premier League start in September. He scored his first Swansea goal in the League Cup a month earlier. His last appearance came in their 3-2 FA Cup exit against League Two Oxford.
Michael Tovey, 27, is accused of using two drones to fly contraband into HMP Birmingham last year. He faces 13 counts of conveying banned items into a prison. The first charges of their type brought by West Midlands Police. He is set to appear at Birmingham Magistrates' Court on 7 June.
Gusts of up to 70mph expected in parts of Wales on Tuesday. Forecasters warn that fallen leaves and blocked drains could affect roads. Irish Ferries have cancelled some sailings between Holyhead and Dublin due to the adverse weather forecasts for Tuesday. Hurricane Gonzalo caused widespread damage when it hit Bermuda last week.
The author is being hosted as a writer-in-residence at Rashtrapati Bhawan. He has been posting regular tweets and pictures, including the dining table Nelson Mandela ate at. He also took the time to meet members of the president's security detail including Vikrant, the horse that leads ceremonial parades.
North Yorkshire County Council said improved defences should be a "priority" The Environment Agency said it was preparing a funding bid for improved defences. The bridge, over the River Wharfe at Tadcaster, North Yorkshire, collapsed in December 2015, affecting 79 homes and businesses. The report said heavy rain over the Christmas period fell on ground already saturated.
Spence, 26, has signed to the end of the season having been without a club since leaving MK Dons in the summer. The former West Ham defender played 80 times for the Dons after joining on a full-time contract, following two separate loan spells. Moore scored 10 goals in 21 league appearances this season for Rovers and Torquay.
Glamorgan reach 403 all out for five batting bonus points. Tom Kohler-Cadmore (102) and Ed Barnard (59) helped them to 196-run first-innings lead. Worcestershire claimed three wickets for 34 runs to reduce Glamorgan to 108-3. Colin Ingram (41 not out) and Aneurin Donald saw out rest of day.
Gylfi Sigurdsson scores twice as Iceland beat Netherlands 2-0 in Reykjavik. The result keeps Iceland top of Group A, six points above the Dutch. Graziano Pelle scores the only goal as Italy defeat Malta 1-0. Croatia thrash Azerbaijan 6-0, while Norway beat Bulgaria 2-1. Bosnia-Hercegovina and Belgium draw 1-1 in Wales.
Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright were both IRA members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972. Their remains were found in a single grave in Coghalstown, County Meath, in the Republic of Ireland in June. Mr McKee's sisters said they were glad that 43 years after his death they can bury him with their mother.
A new pool and climbing wall has been built for the first time in more than 30 years. The new pool is part of a wider project called 'Pools for Schools' It is the second time in three years that the project has been completed. The first time was in 2008 when it was completed in time for the London Olympics.
The old Victoria Ground, next to the A500, shut in 1997 when the club moved to the Britannia Stadium. Plans for the 16-acre site include 130 homes being built initially, followed by a further 70. David Sidaway, from the council, said he was proud to have secured investment for the "very important site"
Macy's said like-for-like sales fell 4.6% in the first quarter compared with the same period last year. The decline sent shares in Macy's, which also owns Bloomingdales, down 17% on Thursday. Kohl's, Nordstrom and Sears also reported declines in same-store sales.
TV signals use different parts of the radio spectrum to radar, but both bounce off solid objects. Researchers were able to track up to 30 planes simultaneously flying at altitudes of up to 10,000ft (3km) The study involved a TV signal broadcast by a transmitter at Crystal Palace in London.
27 completed inquiries have resulted in potential disciplinary action against up to 15 officers. 18 forces are the subject of complaints about the handling of abuse cases. IPCC says it is liaising closely with the Independent Inquiry into Child Sexual Abuse and Operation Hydrant, the police team co-ordinating child abuse investigations.
Rod Fanni has joined Charlton from Qatari side Al-Arabi for the rest of the season. The 23-year-old Frenchman had been on a season-long loan at Ajax. The Addicks have also cancelled the deals of Franck Moussa and Ricardo Vaz Te.
Mutations of the NR5A1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men. Scientists from the Pasteur Institute in France and University College London said it could help doctors investigating men with the condition. UK expert said he hoped that further gene defects could be found.
The Executive Office said the move was made "to enable doctors to conduct a medical assessment" Mr McGuinness was due to join the first minister on a trade mission. Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams said: "I'm sure everybody who values his work will send best wishes to Martin"
A colony of bats has been roosting in St Hilda's Church at Ellerburn, close to the North York Moors. Despite the church's best efforts the bats are not moving and are soiling the altar and church furniture, leaving the church with an "appalling smell" The creatures are protected by law and cannot be wilfully disturbed.
Five people are under investigation over the death of Clement Meric, 18. He was badly beaten in a clash between far-right and anti-fascist activists in Paris. Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has asked the interior minister to take steps "immediately" to dissolve the Revolutionary Nationalist Youth.
WBC cruiserweight champion Bellew produced an upset to stop David Haye in a heavyweight contest last month. But when asked if he would fight WBA and IBF champion Joshua, Bellew said: "Absolutely not. I don't need that kind of fight" His promoter Eddie Hearn said he could fight WBO champion Joseph Parker next.
Watkins banned for four years after testing positive for nandrolone and methylhexaneamine. He joins team-mate Shaun Cleary, who has been banned for two years. Both players tested positive before a friendly against Bridgend Ravens RFC. Welsh Rugby Union chief executive Martyn Phillips said about Cleary: "This case serves as a strong warning to everyone in the game"
Kerber won the Australian Open and US Open in 2016 and reached the final of Wimbledon. The German will play Belgium's Kirsten Flipkens for a place in round three. Karolina Pliskova, Caroline Wozniacki and Garbine Muguruza also progress.
The number of UK households renting property rose from 2.3 million in 2001 to 5.4 million in 2014. The Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) has called for tax breaks to encourage building and investment in the sector. It said that any further investment in property by landlords had been hit by changes to stamp duty in April.
Diafra Sakho and Andre Ayew score for West Ham United. League Two side Cheltenham Town held to goalless draw at Upton Park. Hammers made seven changes after defeats at Manchester United and Southampton. Chelteningham's exit ends League Two's representation in the EFL Cup.
Morton beat Raith Rovers 1-0 in the Scottish Championship on Tuesday. The win lifts them to within two points of second-placed Dundee United. They are nine points clear of fifth-placed Queen of the South in the battle for a play-off place.
The pair, both from Sunderland, will appear before South Tyneside Magistrates' Court later. A 32-year-old man has been charged with two counts of rape, two count of sexual touching and one of sexual assault. A second man, aged 28, was charged with one count of rape.
The Snowdonia Society is concerned about its possible effects on wildlife, culture and heritage. But developer Quarry Battery Company (QBC) said it was the "missing piece of the jigsaw for renewables" The proposed pump storage scheme is based on the same principle as Dinorwig's First Hydro plant in Llanberis.
Macclesfield Town and Dover Athletic played out a goalless draw. The game was postponed after standing water was found on the pitch. A new date for the fixture has yet to be agreed. Click here for all the latest Macclesfield and Dover Town news.
Ian Rush opened the scoring with a first half tap-in at the Racecourse. Mark Hughes' scissor-kick goal sent the fans into raptures. Wales failed to qualify for the 1986 World Cup in South Africa.Catch BBC Wales Sport's "Wales: The Road to the Euros" on BBC iPlayer.
Two winning ideas will be tested by the crew of the International Space Station. Winners will also get to experience weightlessness on a zero-g airplane flight, and have the option to either undergo astronaut training in Russia, or to watch the rocket launch in Japan. Google chairman Eric Schmidt recently criticised science and technology in the UK.
A black Land Rover Discovery was set on fire in Cairds Row in Musselburgh. Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward. No one was injured as a result of the fire but police are treating it 'extremely seriously' The incident took place between 23:30 and 23:55 on Monday.
Councils will need to have a "public toilet strategy" as part of plans. Rob Poultney of Criccieth, Gwynedd who has Crohn's disease said it was vital for people to be able to access adequate toilet facilities. But the Welsh Local Government Association said the plans placed an "unnecessary and disproportionate burden"
Strikes planned for Christmas were suspended after the new offer was made. The strike affects "mixed fleet" staff who joined after 2010 and account for 15% of the total cabin crew. The dispute concerns about 4,000 staff who have joined the airline since 2010. About 2,500 of them are Unite members.
DNA tests have identified the bomber as Abdulbaki Somer, born in the eastern Turkish city of Van. Last week's bombing in Ankara killed 29 people, at least 20 of them military personnel. The government has insisted there is a link between the attack and Syrian Kurdish fighters. The PKK is considered a terrorist organisation by Turkey and its Western allies.
RWE Innogy UK had applied for a permit to divert water from the River Conwy. The company wanted to build a new hydroelectric scheme near Betws-y-Coed. But Natural Resources Wales refused the application saying it could harm the local environment. In March, Snowdonia National Authority's planning committee rejected the scheme.
Alexander Wotherspoon, 83, appeared at Paisley Sheriff Court charged with causing the death of Eilish Herron. The 17-year-old was struck by his car at an Asda petrol station in Linwood in September 2014. The charge says he had failed to keep control of the car while reversing.
Tim Aker said the smoking ban was evidence of a "bankrupt" Labour. He said Labour had "ceased to exist" as a party of working people. UKIP made big inroads into Labour heartlands in May's election. But it has been suggested that Mr Corbyn's election could halt this momentum.
Fans raised Â£60,000 for the tribute which was made in a Czech foundry. The character with a huge papier mache head was the alter-ego of Chris Sievey, who died in 2010. He often referenced Timperley in his TV and music work.
The Fire Brigades Union (FBU) accused ministers of offering an "unworkable" guarantee. The government said it had been "clear" that the staff would get full pensions. MPs approved plans to make firefighters work until they are 60 and to increase their pension contributions.
Tanks were seen on the streets and explosions could be heard throughout the day in Libya's second-biggest city. General Khalifa Haftar began an assault against Islamist fighters in the city last month. The government in Tripoli says Gen Haftsar has no authority to act, but several army units have joined him.
Matthew Davies, 33, of Pontypridd, Rhondda Cynon Taff, said he suffered injuries in a "genuine" crash. A guitar worth £1,850 was also damaged, he said. Mr Davies expressed his disapproval of personal injury claims during an interview about his own.
Ivo Karlovic has one of the best serve in the world, says Alan Bingle. Ivo says he likes Wimbledon's white dress code because it's different to the rest of the year. James Walker says the rules of tennis should be changed to allow for medical time-outs.
The pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew Haley during an episode filmed at Caversham Park in Berkshire. The programme will air on Sunday at 20:00 BST on BBC One. Click here for more information about the BBC's Manuscripts programme. For more information on the BBC Manuscript Programme, visit www.bbc.co.uk.
Airbus and OneWeb have inaugurated the first assembly line in Toulouse, France. The network will comprise at least 600 spacecraft in the first instance, but could eventually encompass more than 2,000. The aim is to deliver broadband links from orbit to every corner of the globe.
Dyfed-Powys Police took to social media on Tuesday to ask for help in tracing Rebecca. They said officers were "very concerned for her" The mother and child were found in the early hours of Wednesday in Pembrokeshire. A spokesman said it was thanks to the public response on Facebook.
Pistorius and his family did not attend the hearing at South Africa's Supreme Court of Appeal in Bloemfontein. The Paralympian was transferred to house arrest last month after serving one year of his five-year term for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp.
The Fukui District Court lifted an injunction that had blocked the reopening of two reactors operated by Kansai Electric Power. The injunction was issued after locals argued the reactors could not withstand a strong earthquake. The government is keen to restart more reactors, which supplied about 30% of the country's power before the Fukushima disaster.
The inaugural Aberdeen Comedy Festival runs until 5 November. It features scores of local, national and international comedians. Tom Stade is among the headliners for the opening night. There will also be events aimed at children, and comedy workshops. It is hoped it will help put the Aberdeen comedy circuit on the map.
There are now 155 suspects in the UK-wide football child abuse scandal. Police say there are now 429 potential victims linked to football. Some of the victims are as young as four at the time of the alleged offence. Crewe's first player to speak publicly about being sexually abused as a boy in 1980s.
Revenge porn became a crime in England and Wales in February. But the law currently gives victims no right to hide their identities. Keeley Richards-Shaw, whose ex-boyfriend was the first sentenced, has started a petition. She said media coverage had increased her distress and change in law was crucial.
Messenger of God was cleared by the Film Certification Appellate Tribunal. Leela Samson said the apparent clearance of the film was "a mockery" of her organisation. Her colleague Ira Bhaskar also quit over the issue. Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh is the chief of the Dera Sacha Sauda sect.
Svetlana Kuznetsova hacked some of her own hair off midway during a match at the WTA Finals in Singapore on Monday. The Russian world number nine complained that it was affecting her game in a three-set win over Agnieszka Radwanska.
The presenter succeeded Jonathan Ross as host of the revamped weekly show. Winkleman, who also co-hosts Strictly Come Dancing, said leaving "wasn't an easy decision" A new series will return this autumn with the new presenter to be announced "in due course"
The Office of Rail and Road (ORR) wants train companies to refund passengers who accidentally buy tickets that are too expensive for their journey. 7% of people underpay and could be fined, 13% are paying too much. Train operators say plans to simplify fares will help them to give clearer information on ticket machines.
Members of the University and College Union (UCU) are taking part in a two-day national strike. The union said the 1.1% pay rise offered by the universities was "an insult" Staff are refusing to set extra work, cover for absent colleagues or work overtime.
The John Lewis ManOnTheMoon commercial has been viewed 2.3 million times online. Of the Â£7m spent on the campaign, John Lewis spent only Â £1m on the ad itself. By 2020, 53% of retail sales across Europe will be influenced by the online world.
Aggreko said it planned to integrate Dryco into its North America business. The acquisition will add more than 60 employees and more than 6,000 fleet assets to Aggreko's Rental Solutions business. It also intends to develop "expansion plans to enter additional sectors and global markets"
Berlusconi told an Italian daily that Americans had chosen Mr Trump, "now let him go to work". Both men both entered politics from the world of business, Berlusconi a media magnate and Mr Trump a property tycoon. The Italian politician did not go into detail but similarities he may have had in mind include: A hairstyle that refuses to lie down and a bandana that hides mystery.
The Chesterfield striker was cleared of rape at a retrial in 2016. He had been charged with attacking the woman in a hotel room in Rhyl. North Wales Police investigated after the woman's name was revealed on social media. The woman has lifelong anonymity under the Sexual Offences (Amendment) Act 1992.
Dover captain Jamie Grimes' looping header put the visitors ahead in the eighth minute. Chris Holroyd got on the end of Danny Whitaker's shot to level in the 69th minute before bursting through and scoring again soon after. Macclesfield keeper Scott Flinders atoned for his early error by brilliantly keeping out Moses Emmanuel's late volley.
Richards: "There's things in the works - I think it's definitely happening" A photography exhibition marking the band's long career will be launched on Thursday. The Stones last world tour, A Bigger Bang, played to 4.5m people in 32 countries over two years.
Konta beaten 4-6 6-3 6-4 by Serb Krunic at Flushing Meadows. Briton had been hoping to improve on previous semi-final appearances. Konta had arrived in New York with an outside chance of taking world number one ranking.
Barnsley drop to ninth, four points behind Sheffield Wednesday in sixth. Preston also slip one to 11th, three points further back. Home side gave a debut to loan signing Callum Elder at left-back. Alex Mowatt suspended after being sent off against Wolves.
Chelsey Lee, 26, played for Bucheon KEB Hana Bank in the Women's Korean Basketball League (WKBL), whose teams are allowed only two foreign players. The Miami-born centre won the league's rookie of the year award in the 2015-16 season after helping her team reach the championship series. Prosecutors were asked to investigate after the Korean Olympic Committee pushed for Lee's naturalisation.
George Osborne says stay-at-home mothers will not be eligible. 12-week consultation on the scheme, worth up to £1,200 a child, has begun. UK has some of the highest childcare costs in the world, with many people with two or more children saying it does not make financial sense for both parents to work.
Cabinet report said 140 acres were needed, along with good mobile phone signal and, if possible, fibre broadband. Town and community councils will be contacted, asking for suggestions to be sent to Ceredigion council by March. Once these have been received, they will be forwarded to the National Eisteddfod board.
The 40-year-old took over in 2012 and has guided Leigh to the Championship title in each of the past two years. They won just one game in The Qualifiers in 2015 as they missed out on a place in Super League. "It is with a heavy heart I have decided to resign as coach," said Rowley in a statement.
Finland's social insurance agency Kela is trying out the monthly tax-free payment of €560 (£490; $600) The aim is to see whether providing a basic income will make the unemployed more eager to go into short-term jobs. The trial has aroused interest worldwide, because it will answer the burning questions about how people out of work will respond.
Hot lava and ash spewed from the top into a valley nearby on the Italian island of Sicily. The eruption happened on Sunday morning at 4am local time for more than an hour and a half. Although the area around the volcano was covered by ash, it didn't affect planes travelling near it.
Pyrgos takes over as skipper as head coach Vern Cotter rotates his squad against the USA on Sunday. Fellow scrum-half Greig Laidlaw was Scotland's man of the match in their opening Pool B win over Japan. Pyrgos led Scotland in a World Cup warm-up defeat by Ireland last month.
BBC Arabic's Feras Kilani caught in crossfire in Mosul. Up to 1.5 million civilians thought to be trapped in the city. BBC team embedded with Counter-Terrorism Service (CTS) on Monday. The team were with CTS when it retook Bazwaya, about 3km (2 miles) east of Mosul.
President Obama and Philippine leader Rodrigo Duterte met at Asean summit. They had a "brief discussion" in a pre-meal "hold space" for leaders. On Tuesday Mr Obama cancelled planned talks after the firebrand Mr Duterte called him the "son of a whore"
21-year-old student Morgan Jensen from Arizona has been compared to Taylor Swift. Taylor shared photos of Morgan (and her friend Kasey) on her Tumblr. Morgan says she's a huge fan, but she's never met Taylor. She's studying graphic design at university and also models part-time.
The Dow climbed 0.28% to 21,891.12, lifted by increases at Boeing, ExxonMobil and Chevron. Declines at Discovery Communications, Amazon and Facebook reined in the Nasdaq, which dropped 0.42%. The wider S&P 500 was little changed, falling less than 0.1% to 2,470.30.
Technology is being designed to automatically edit a whole game down to the key moments. The people behind it at the Polytechnic University of Catalonia have been working on it for a few years. Every part of the match is looked over by the computer to spot tell-tale signs of when something interesting is happening.
The limb was found in a garden in Cranwells Park on Wednesday. It has been sent for forensic analysis, Avon and Somerset Police said. Detectives are "keeping an open mind" as to whether it is linked to two similar incidents in the city. All three feet have been found within a few hundred yards of each other.
Three Victorian hotels will go to make way for a six-storey, four star hotel and two assisted-living apartment blocks, at East Cliff in Bournemouth. English Heritage strongly objected to the scale of the development in what is a designated conservation area. But, councillors voted seven to three in favour saying it would help tourism.
Asia Bibi was the first woman to be sentenced to death under Pakistan's blasphemy laws. She was sentenced to hang in 2010 for insulting the Prophet Muhammad. The Supreme Court suspended her death sentence and gave her leave to appeal. Judge Iqbal Hameed ur Rehman recused himself from the case on Thursday.
Current 56 day waiting time target for treatment is to be halved to 28 days. Health boards have until next March to hit the new target. Welsh government said its waiting times are already more stringent than those in England. Cwm Taf health board had the best record with 97.7% meeting the target.
The 28-year-old was arrested following an investigation by the Queensland Crime and Corruption Commission. Two other men and a woman were also charged with supplying cocaine for "personal use or to on-supply cocaine to friends and colleagues" It is alleged the offences occurred between June and December 2014 when Hunt was playing AFL for the Gold Coast Suns. He is due to appear in Southport Magistrate Court on 5 March.
Lewis was released from prison in 2015 after serving less than half of a 13-year sentence for drug smuggling. The 48-year-old played 32 Tests for England between 1990 and 1996. Lewis will begin his tour at his old county Leicestershire on Monday. The only payment Lewis will receive is his travel expenses.
Alex Schalk opened the scoring after eight minutes. Brian Graham's last-minute lob clinched victory for Ross County. Kilmarnock are eight points clear of Dundee United, who host Aberdeen on Wednesday. The possibility of a relegation play-off - or worse - looms large.
Leinster move to within a point of leaders Scarlets with a game in hand. Josh van der Flier's crucial 61st-minute try was awarded by referee George Clancy after consultation with TMO Marshall Kilgore. Ian Madigan added a penalty as Connacht suffered a third straight Pro12 defeat.
Sundowns lost 2-1 to KCCA in the first leg of their last 32 tie in South Africa. The South African champions were 2-0 up after just six minutes in Atteridgeville. The Ugandan champions scored twice in the second half to level the tie.
The tin mine is one of the oldest industrial structures in the UK. The renovation project could take several years to complete. The machinery on site "has suffered after 14 years of little or no investment" The recent BBC television series has prompted the need for it to be rejuvenated.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump is leading the race for the Republican nomination. He has been accused of violating the rules of the Republican Party. His campaign says he is not breaking any rules, he is simply following the rules. The Republican National Committee says it is investigating the allegations.
Welsh swimmer wins silver in the women's 400m freestyle at the Rio Olympics. The 24-year-old was beaten by American Katie Ledecky, who won gold. Carlin is the first Welsh woman to win two Olympic medals in one Games.
Gareth Southgate becomes the fourth permanent manager of the England national team in as many years. The 46-year-old replaces Sam Allardyce, who left after just 67 days in charge. Southgate has signed a contract worth up to £2m a year as England manager.
Politicians do not owe impressionists a living, of course, but their art has become such an established feature of British politics that it would be a shame if a dearth of strong characters on the green Commons benches was to kill it off. The public's rejection of smooth, identikit politicians - witness the rise of Jeremy Corbyn, Nigel Farage and Donald Trump - could yet herald a new golden age.
The two-page note is addressed to Mrs Ellis and dated 19 August 1945. It was found by its owner in a copy of Lewis's book, A Problem of Pain. Auctioneer Chris Albury said "keen interest worldwide" had boosted the guide price from £1,500.
The interior of the Saab 340 that flies to and from Orkney was stripped out and renewed. The exterior was repainted at a cost of almost £270,000. Loganair will spend £3.5m having the same work done to the rest of its fleet. The first stage in the three-year project follows criticism about the reliability of Loganair services.
Police believe the girl is diabetic and could fall into a coma if not treated. She was with her parents and younger brother at St Mary's Hospital in Paddington. But the family left two hours later before the girl could receive treatment. The family told medical staff they travelled to the UK in order for their son.
Sales of VW-brand cars fell 4.8% in 2015 to 5.82 million cars from 6.12 million a year earlier. It was its first drop in VW-branded sales in 11 years as the company continues to cope with the emissions scandal. Results from Porsche, which is owned by Volkswagen, are also being delayed.
The strike began at 06:00 India time (00:30GMT) on Monday. Reports say there is little traffic on the highway that connects Darjeeling with the town of Siliguri in the plains of north Bengal. A large number of paramilitary troops and police have been deployed to maintain peace.
Norwich beat Southampton 1-0 at Carrow Road on Saturday. It was Norwich's third win in their last four Premier League matches. Goalkeeper Declan Rudd has kept two clean sheets in a row for the Canaries. Norwich are 15th in the table, six points clear of the relegation zone.
Alex Danson scored a hat-trick in the fifth/sixth place play-off. Lily Owsley and Olivia Merry also on target for Britain. Head coach Danny Kerry was pleased with his team's performance. The 16 women and 16 men will be selected for the Rio Olympics on Tuesday.
El Amrani, in a letter to African football associations, said he would be departing on Monday. The 37-year-old Moroccan had served as secretary general for the last six years. Hayatou was deposed as Caf president 10 days ago at elections in Ethiopia.
Gordon Culliford, 77, from Ammanford, Carmarthenshire, was last seen at about 13.15 BST on Thursday at the city's Singleton Hospital. He is white, 5ft 7in tall, with white swept back hair and last seen wearing black glasses and a red jacket.
Michael Clarke retires after Australia's 3-1 Ashes defeat by England at Trent Bridge. Batsman Smith, 26, already leads the one-day side and will also captain the Twenty20 team. Fellow batsman David Warner, 28, has been named as Smith's vice-captain.
Caley Thistle have received offers from Dundee United and Inverness Caledonian Thistle. The Scottish Premiership side are currently seventh in the table. Caley are yet to win a game this season, drawing two and losing one. The club have won just one of their last seven matches.
Jason Duff was discovered falling in and out of consciousness on Bo'ness Road in Polmont, Stirlingshire on 31 May last year. The 44-year-old, of Cowdenbeath, Fife, was also banned from driving for four years. He told police he had drunk alcohol and slept in his car following an argument with his girlfriend.
The 25-year-old joined the Blues from Reading in August 2015. Hector has also had spells with five non-league sides, as well as spells in Republic of Ireland and Scotland. He could make his Tigers debut against Aston Villa on Saturday, 6 August. The Jamaica international has played for Bracknell Town, Didcot Town, Havant and Waterlooville.
Yorkshire would be entitled to a Â£24bn budget, Mr Blunkett said. Prime Minister David Cameron said the government had already got rid of a "centralised" approach that Mr Blunksett was part of. Mr Cameron said councils in Yorkshire, as up and down the country, were getting rid of the ring fences.
Neil Aspin's promotion-chasing hosts have not lost in nine National League matches while Adam Lockwood's side are unbeaten in five. Guiseley went ahead on 15 minutes against the run of play when a throw-in found James Hurst who squared to Jake Lawlor to stroke into an empty net. The hosts, who started the second half well, levelled on 62 minutes.
Newcastle-born former Rotherham man Pringle, 26, signs for an undisclosed fee after one year with the Cottagers. Robinson, 21, who previously had two loan spells at the Lilywhites, turned down a new deal with Villa. Pringle made nine league starts during a short loan spell at Ipswich.
Footage emerges of people singing the anti-Irish "Famine Song" in Glasgow. The song has been ruled to be racist by a Scottish court. Police say the right of the Orange Order to march is not absolute. But they say they will take into account any issues of public disorder.
It is the first time a country has considered the DNA-altering technique. It aims to provide a deeper understanding of the earliest moments of human life. It will be illegal for the scientists to implant the modified embryos into a woman. It is attracting controversy over concerns it is opening the door to designer - or GM - babies.
India were chasing 349 to win against Australia at the Oval. But they were all out for 323 as Kane Richardson took 5-68. Aaron Finch made 107 and David Warner 93 in Australia's 348-8. India lead the five-match series 4-0 and have now won 18 consecutive ODIs.
A man armed with a knife entered a shop in the Rosemount area on Friday. He was restrained by members of the public until officers arrived and arrested him. Another man was arrested nearby a short time later. The men, who are both 19, are to appear in court on Monday.
The Department of Health's accounts for the last financial year are close to completion. Sources indicate it's touch and go as to whether the department kept to its spending limit. An overspend would be a serious breach of Whitehall protocol. A major initiative is planned involving commitments by all trusts in England to stick to agreed spending limits.
Father D'Arcy said he would find it hard to continue if he was in the position of the current Irish Church leader. He added that changing the cardinal would not necessarily mean a fresh start. Father Eamon Murray, who is originally from Northern Ireland but now based in England, said many priests feel demoralised.
Two cars and a lorry were involved in the collision on the A52 near Nottingham on 25 November. Two men, aged 22 and 24, have been arrested and bailed over the crash. Father-of-three Gurdip Singh Kareer, 41, was a "loving, caring family man", while Kyle O'Connor, 22, "loved everything"
Part of the road from the West Circular Road to Lanark Way had been cordoned off since early on Tuesday afternoon. Army bomb disposal officers "carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle, however, nothing untoward was found" The vehicle has now been seized for examination.
Number of people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance in July fell by 29,000 to 1.4 million. Unemployment rate remains at 7.8%, still well above the 7% rate target set by the Bank of England. Number in work increased by 69,000 in the three months to June, up to 29.78 million.
Sales fell 2.7% to €48.4bn ($56.1bn; £37.1billion) Excluding the effect of acquisitions and unfavourable exchange rates, underlying sales rose 2.9%. Analysts had expected a 3.1% rise.
The Ministry of Peshmerga Affairs said blood samples from about 35 fighters revealed traces of sulphur mustard. It did not say if any of the peshmerga had died as a result of the attack, or how severely they had been wounded. Mustard gas can burn skin and cause severe respiratory problems and is banned under international law.
Five officers were filmed rescuing the man from the slowly sinking vehicle. The 41-year-old was detained on suspicion of a number of offences. The officers who went into the water were also checked over as a precaution and have all been released. The man was found to be uninjured when taken to hospital.
Homes have been added to My NHS, part the NHS Choices site. Each care home is scored on its level of safety, staff turnover and food hygiene. The National Care Association said if information was not up to date, it could be "unfair" to care providers.
The program - called Vital - will vote on whether to invest in a specific company. The firm it will be working for - Deep Knowledge Ventures - focuses on drugs for age-related diseases. It said that Vital would make its recommendations by sifting through large amounts of data.
Jackie Fox from Birmingham, Alabama died of ovarian cancer last year. Her family argued that the firm knew of talc risks and failed to warn users. J&J denied the claim and is said to be considering an appeal. Researchers say links with ovarian cancer are unproven.
Pierre Rolland won the 219km stage from Tirano to Canazei. Race leader Tom Dumoulin finished nearly eight minutes behind the main peloton. Britain's Adam Yates was 30th and is 11th overall with four stages left. Rolland prevailed from an 18-man group who broke away 7.8km from the finish.
Morecambe drop to 11th, but remain just a point behind Blackpool in the final play-off spot. Gareth Ainsworth's side fell behind eight minutes earlier when Morecambe veteran Kevin Ellison scored a superb opener. Jamal Blackman was the busier of the two keepers making three excellent saves.
The woman had withdrawn her pension from a bank in Altrincham. She was approached by a woman who grabbed her trolley and demanded her money. The 86-year-old hit the woman over the head with the bacon before the would-be thief fled empty-handed.
Ruairí Óg Cushendall will take on Na Piarsaigh in the senior club final. The Taken star won a schools' hurling crown with St Patrick's College in his hometown Ballymena back in 1966. The All-Ireland club hurling final will be live on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio Ulster 1341MW on Thursday 17 March.
Imani Wiltshire was discovered on the lower deck of a bus in Stratford. She was taken to hospital where she was pronounced dead on 28 September. A post-mortem examination found she died from head injuries. Rosalin Baker, 25, and JeffreyWiltshire, 52, have pleaded not guilty to murder.
Maersk says it still does not know the reason why the Marshall Islands-flagged vessel was seized. Iranian authorities noted that it had been in the country's waters. The 24 crew, mostly from Eastern Europe and Asia, are still on board the Maersk Tigris, anchored off Bandar Abbas.
Pedro is expected to wear a protective mask when he returns to training. The 29-year-old was taken to hospital following the game in Beijing. Chelsea face Bayern Munich on Tuesday and Inter Milan on 29 July. The rest of the Chelsea squad are now in Singapore.
Madihah Taheer, Ummariyat Mirza and Zainub Mirza appeared at the Old Bailey in London on 28 April. The trio will next appear before Woolwich Crown Court on 4 September. West Midlands Police said the charges were not linked to March's Westminster attack.
Stephen Doughty won the seat with 9,193 votes, a majority of 5,334 over the Conservatives. The Lib Dems were third, with Plaid Cymru fourth. Mr Doughty succeeds Alun Michael, who stood down after 25 years as an MP. He called for stronger regulation of banks and a "greater sense of community"
No Windfarm at Gayton (NOWAG) and East Lindsey District Council both oppose the planning application. Developers say wind turbines contribute to renewable energy targets and help combat climate change. Campaigner Melvin Grosvenor questioned how efficiently the turbines would generate energy. The public inquiry is due to begin in January and the government will decide whether permission is granted or not.
Around 155 countries are expected to formally sign the deal at the UN, setting in motion events that could see the treaty operational within a year. The legal requirements mean that each country will have to go through a process of ratification. Some environmentalists have dismissed the event as a "distraction" from the real issues.
Edward Furneaux, 74, died after crashing his car into a tree in Worle. The body of his 70-year-old wife, Anne, was found at a property the same day. No-one else is being sought in the murder inquiry into her death.
The actress revealed in May last year she had had the surgery, after being told she had an 87% chance of the disease because of a high-risk gene. Researchers looked at referrals to more than 20 genetic centres and clinics in the UK after the story hit the press. In June and July the number of GP referrals for genetic counselling and DNA tests for breast cancer mutations increased two and a half times.
The South Eastern Trust has been unable to fill two cardiologist posts. The trust covers Newtownards, County Down and Lisburn. There is also the added problem of staff sickness and increase in the number of referrals. In every other trust the waiting list for this type of appointment is zero.
Incident happened at about 21:15 BST on Friday at the shop in Alliance Avenue. Police said the firework was dropped through the doorway of a fish and chip shop by an "unknown male" The man was taken to hospital where he is described as being in a stable condition.
There are 309,000 Brits living in Spain. The majority of them are pensioners. They are worried about the impact of leaving the EU. But they are not worried about losing their jobs. They want to stay in the EU to protect their jobs and their pensions.
Bottles started arriving at Poldhu Cove on the Lizard on Sunday. National Trust volunteers have been clearing them away as they are said to pose a risk to wildlife. Maritime and Coastguard Agency: "No currently available evidence that the bottles washed up on the Cornish coast are from this container"
The 32-year-old former Charlton, Fulham, Chelsea and Bristol Academy player has been with Yeovil since 2015. Heatherson netted seven goals in her first term for the Lady Glovers and a further seven in 2016 as Yeovill won WSL 2.
Richard Barklie, from Carrickfergus, was one of the people identified on CCTV footage by the Metropolitan Police. He said he was not a racist and denied taking part in any racist singing. Gordon Adair reports for the Sunday World on Saturday, March 1.
Cheshire East Council waived its own financial rules three times. Council granted Core Fit Ltd contracts totalling £156,000. The fitness company runs classes in schools and is owned by Mr Jones's personal physiotherapist, Amanda Morris. Mr Jones said he was "clear" that he had "not misled council"
Premier had suspended its shares on 13 January after agreeing to buy E.On's North Sea assets. The deal was amended during the suspension so that it no longer constituted a reverse takeover. By close of trading, Premier's share price was up by nearly 90% to 36p.
Aaron McEneff scores from the penalty spot as Derry beat Bohs. Rory Patterson scores the winner in the 64th minute. The Candystripes are now five points ahead of Shamrock Rovers. Dundalk beat Shamrock 3-0 to consolidate third place in the table.
Tatiana Duva-Rodriguez, 46, is licensed to carry a concealed weapon. Police said she should not have opened fire because her life was not in danger. The thieves escaped with $1,000 (Â£652) worth of merchandise. If convicted, Ms Rodriguez faces up to 90 days in jail and a possible fine.
Posh took a sixth-minute lead when Ryan Sweeney failed to clear a cross from Gwion Edwards and Marriott pounced to fire home from close range. A Junior Morais pass set up strike partner Marriott to score his second in the 55th minute and Steven Taylor forced the ball over the line for a third with 12 minutes remaining.
Silcox Coaches is a private coach hire and tour operator with bases in Pembroke Dock and Tenby. The company was founded in 1882 and has run bus services around Pembrekeshire since 1932. It is understood customers enquiring about trips they have booked have been told the company has taken this action.
Etxabeguren spent five years with Real Sociedad and was included in their Champions League squad for season 2013-14. The 24-year-old Spaniard was with East Fife last season and impressed during a short trial at Dens Park. He made 15 appearances for the New Bayview club.
Residents awoke from a night of colourful fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog. Authorities warned that pollution levels were critically high and have warned of the dangers of long-term exposure to the smog in the city. The smog is expected to last for at least a week.
As a teenager he tried three times, unsuccessfully, to defect from Cuba. He finally escaped to Mexico on his fourth attempt, saving his mother. He and his mother were then reunited with his father in Tampa, Florida. He was named National League Rookie of the Year in 2013.
Tribal members of the al-Juraisat tribe have clashed with IS militants in Iraq. The fighting is part of a larger campaign against IS in the country. The U.S.-backed Iraqi government is trying to oust IS from the city of Falluja.
Air Canada Flight AC759 from Toronto was involved in a near-miss on 7 July. Pilot "inadvertently" headed for the area where jets were due to depart. He was ordered to pull up and the Airbus 320 circled and landed safely. No injuries were reported.
Arshid, 40, and Basharat, 39, were found guilty by a jury of 50 offences. Bannaras, 36, pleaded guilty to 10 offences before the trial started. Three associates of the Hussain brothers, their uncle Qurban Ali, 53, and Karen MacGregor, 58, will also be sentenced.
Fishing regions around the UK voted heavily in favour of leaving the EU during the referendum campaign. The Lords review says these communities are at risk of being marginalised in the wider Brexit negotiations. The EU's Common Fisheries Policy (CFP), with its quotas and principle of equal access to commercial fishing grounds, has often been characterised as a disaster for Britain.
The then-prime minister called the German leader days before the EU referendum, as opinion polls seemed to show voters moving to the Leave camp. But he later abandoned the idea of getting her and other EU leaders to make a statement granting concessions. No 10 decided it could be portrayed by Vote Leave as a sign of weakness.
BBC London's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers the most popular questions. The current terrorist threat is rated as "severe", which means an attack is highly likely. The latest advice from the government is to run away from the danger, hide if that is not possible, and then tell the authorities: "Run, hide, tell"
Bielik, 17, signed for Legia from their Polish rivals Lech Poznan in July. Arsenal say the deal "is subject to the completion of regulatory processes" The Poland Under-17 international can play in both a holding midfield role and at centre-back.
The landslide hit the La Gabriela district of Bello, Antioquia province, at about 1900 GMT on Sunday. Red Cross officials say that 174 people have died as a result of the heavy rains in Colombia. 225 have been injured and 19 are missing, without counting the victims of the Bello landslide.
The 19-year-old was held in Barking on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Police said six other suspects remain in custody and searches are ongoing. Eight people were killed when three men drove at pedestrians on the bridge and stabbed people in Borough Market.
Villar has been suspended for one year by the Spanish football federation. He and his son Gorka were arrested earlier this month as part of a corruption investigation. Juan Luis Larrea has been named as interim president of the Spanish federation. Uefa said its president, Aleksander Ceferin, had accepted Villar's resignation and thanked him for his years of service.
Wild Animals in Travelling Circuses (Scotland) Bill would be the first of its kind in the UK. It is aimed at banning the use of non-domesticated animals for either performance or exhibition. MSPs heard that a law based on the proposed ethical grounds "will eventually close your zoos"
Ryan Matthews, 62, was already serving a life sentence for double murder. He killed Sharon Wall at Wotton Lawn Hospital in Gloucester, where he lived. Ms Wall was stabbed twice in the back on 9 July and could not be saved. Police and NHS investigations have failed to establish how Matthews got hold of knife.
The two men are thought to have been part of the al-Qaeda-linked group JFS. They are accused of taking part in an armed battle against the Syrian government. The men are believed to have taken part in the battle in Mahin, central Syria, in November 2013.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Huddersfield Town 2-0 in the Championship. Ross Wallace and Fernando Forestieri scored for the Owls. Jack Payne was shown a straight red card for the Terriers. Carlos Carvalhal's side are now sixth in the table, just one point behind Town.
RTL claims Baysilone, normally associated with the oil or rubber industries, was found in a breakdown of the implant. A lawyer acting for PIP strongly denied the report, telling RTL that the product was not industrial but a food product used in lipstick. An estimated 300-400,000 women were given the implants.
Welsh Labour leader Nia Griffith says her party will fight the Tories. She says a Labour government will bring jobs and investment to the country. First Minister Carwyn Jones says he will not increase income tax in Wales. He says he does not want to add to the pressure on taxpayers in Scotland.
Salvador Sobral's song Amar Pelos Dois (Love for Both of Us) has made him a national hero. Portugal had never got above the sixth place that it reached in 1996. The timing was fortunate for Portugal as the nation shows signs of recovery from the 2008 financial crisis.
The debate, on Thursday, was discussing "serious and widespread failures" in Gloucestershire's children's service. Two said they had been listening, one blamed medication, but the fourth admitted the meetings "drag a bit" Council chairman Shaun Parsons said it is not his place to "give councillors a nudge"
Molinari stormed into contention with two eagles in the last seven holes to set a clubhouse target of nine under par. Dunne was able to match the target thanks to a birdie on the last. The players then returned to the 18th hole for a sudden death play-off. A scrappy par proved to be enough for Molinari to secure the title.
The RSPB said 2,270 black-tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring. The majority of the birds were found in a tiny field in Kilmoluaig. The birds often stop off in the Hebrides to refuel during their migration to Iceland.
Two state-run papers carry editorials strongly criticising his comments. The hawkish Global Times tabloid warned that any such action would lead to "a large-scale war" Secretary of state nominee Rex Tillerson likened China's island-building to Russia's annexation of Crimea from Ukraine.
It was first spotted at Montevrain, 38km (23 miles) east of Paris. Hundreds of emergency services workers, animal-trackers and a helicopter were involved. But experts now say the animal is most likely a much less dangerous animal, such as a lynx or large domestic cat.
The practice is known as "Ratting" and is becoming more common. The National Crime Agency is warning other users of the software. The software can be used to spy on people without their knowledge. It is also used to steal information from computers and phones. The NCA says it is working to crack down on the problem.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter announced plans to form an 11-person panel to review football's scandal-hit world governing body. Domenico Scala was believed to have been prepared to lead the taskforce. But a spokesman for the Swiss businessman said he never applied for the post.
My Brother is a Superhero is focused on Luke - named after Solomons' own son. The book sees Luke miss out on the powers because he went to the toilet at the wrong time. The winners of the best illustrated book and best older fiction categories were also first-time authors.
NHS managers have proposed a temporary downgrade of the hospital's maternity and paediatric services. The board of East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust will make a decision on Friday. NHS trust said the changes were being brought in for safety reasons because it was unable to recruit suitable specialist doctors. One paediatric nurse said staff were devastated for their patients.
Guineans are expected to celebrate the landmark with concerts and fireworks. The disease killed more than 2,500 people in the country and a further 9,000 in Sierra Leone and Liberia. A country is considered free of human-to-human transmission once two 21-day incubation periods have passed.
The debate will be held in the Commons' secondary debating chamber rather than the full chamber. A rival petition opposing a ban on Mr Trump as illogical has been signed by nearly 40,000 people. The Commons petitions committee decided to hold a debate on the issue after considering the matter at a meeting on Tuesday.
The Procession to Calvary, completed in 1602, will remain on show at Nostell Priory in West Yorkshire. Painting depicts Christ carrying the cross on his way to crucifixion and has hung at the stately home for 200 years. Campaign by The Art Fund and National Trust raised £1.7m.
Phil Gartside was chairman of Bolton for 16 years. Bolton enjoyed an 11-year stint in the Premier League and two Uefa Cup campaigns. The club is £172.9m in debt and owner Eddie Davies wants to sell. Former Bolton player and assistant manager Phil Brown recalled Gart side taking part in a training session, with a suit on, in 1989.
The 73-year-old pilot, from Thurnby, Leicestershire, is being treated for back and leg injuries. The aircraft's landing gear broke off and landed on a bed. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) has said it is aware of the incident.
Millwall fans invaded the pitch after their 1-0 defeat to the Lions at Wembley. Manager Stuart McCall said he and his players were goaded by supporters. He questioned why stewards had not prevented the pitch invasion. Neil Harris encouraged fans to leave the pitch to allow the team to enjoy their celebrations.
The Scottish government wants a deal concluded by 12 February to allow time for it to be examined at Holyrood. The negotiations on the fiscal framework - the financial arrangements underpinning the transfer of new powers to the Scottish Parliament - have proved both protracted and complicated. The Scottish government has said there is still "some distance to go" before a deal can be agreed.
The polls would have been the first electoral contest between the rival Fatah and Hamas movements for 10 years. Their delay was ordered after lists of candidates for Fatah, which dominates the West Bank-based Palestinian Authority, were cancelled in parts of the Gaza Strip. Hamas has protested at the court's ruling, describing it as "political"
Mr Dasuki is accused of awarding phantom contracts to buy weapons. The equipment was meant for the fight against Boko Haram militants. He is the first senior official of the former government to be charged under the rule of President Muhammadu Buhari, who took office in May.
Georgia have won the past six European Nations Cup (ENC) titles. They finished third in their 2015 World Cup pool and completed an unbeaten Pacific Islands tour this summer. Georgia have lost only once since last year's World Cup - a narrow defeat by Japan. There is no imminent prospect of a change to the Six Nations format.
Kim Clark, from Kinross, died after being hit by a car in Milnathort. Police said Mrs Clark's family were understandably upset at their loss. Officers said inquiries into the circumstances of the incident were ongoing. The incident happened at an address in South Street on Tuesday.
Rahama Sadau said sorry to those she upset, but said her actions were "innocuous" Hausa films are popular in the mostly Muslim northern Nigeria. It is taboo for men and women to hold hands in public. The industry, commonly known as Kannywood, has been under fire from conservative Muslim clerics.
Prices rose by 8.6% in England in the year to the end of January, the Office for National Statistics said. In comparison, property prices went up by 0.1% in Scotland and 0.8% in Northern Ireland. Excluding London and the South East, UK house prices increased by 5.1%. Average home now valued at Â£292,000.
He suffered a stroke two weeks ago and his condition improved before a sudden deterioration on Tuesday. Mr Peres served twice as the country's prime minister and once as president. He won the Nobel Peace prize in 1994 for his role negotiating peace accords with the Palestinians a year earlier.
Rob Donn could not read or write and dictated his poetry from memory. His work has been turned into music and performed at Glasgow's Celtic Connections Festival. Strathnaver Museum has been awarded Â£5,400 from the Heritage Lottery Fund's Stories, Stones and Bones programme.
Residents of Timbuktu can again enjoy the simple things they were used to, before the city fell under Islamist control 10 months ago. Women have swapped the full black niqab, or full-face veil, for colourful local pagnes, a piece cloth wrapped around the body to form a skirt.
PC James Burns was found not guilty of common assault and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm against Michael Stanley, 28, in Penrhyndeudraeth, on 10 April 2016. He was also cleared of giving a false statement about what happened. The case against another officer, PC Robin Humphreys, who had been accused of perverting the course of justice was thrown out earlier in the month.
The girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in Belmarsh Prison, Woolwich. The incident had been reported to police and the dog withdrawn from service. The Mirror reported the attack had taken place during a routine drugs test. The girl needed to undergo plastic surgery because of her injuries.
The Atacama desert in Chile is one of the driest places on Earth. Average rainfall is les than 0.1mm (0.004 in) per year. But while there is little rain, the clouds here do carry humidity. The fog is made up of minuscule drops of water which are so light they do not fall as rain. Scientist Carlos Espinosa Arancibia came up with the idea in 1956.
BBC Scotland asked how many cases, concerns and complaints of child sexual exploitation were recorded in the past four years. Police Scotland said the figures were not held on a single system. Scotland's Children's Commissioner said the revelation was "disturbing" Last year Glasgow City Council said 97 children in the city were victims, or at risk of, sexual exploitation.
Last year he sold his entire Marilyn Monroe collection, making Â£1.5m. His collection included keys and coats from the Titanic; Winston Churchill's Stetson hat; and guns owned by Billy the Kid. He would tell friends and family that making money from his collection was never the point.
Dal Babu, a chief superintendent until 2013, said many Muslims did not trust the "Prevent" strategy and many saw it as a form of spying. The Home Office defended the scheme, saying 130,000 people had been trained to identify and prevent extremism. Mr Babu said cases like those of the three London schoolgirls who have gone to Syria had caught the authorities unaware.
The men's and women's teams had their £2.92m funding to support elite athletes removed after London 2012. GB were beaten 24-18 by Israel, 37-14 by Hungary and 46- 14 by Netherlands. "There are some great young handball players in this country," said British Handball director David Meli.
Shares of consumer electronics giant Sony also traded lower and closed down 1.7%. It was the third day of hefty falls, sparked by news on Wednesday that the company admitted falsifying fuel economy data for more than 600,000 vehicles sold in Japan. The shares are 40% cheaper than before news of the false data emerged.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond's visit to Tripoli is intended to provide visible international backing for the fledgling Government of National Accord. He also arrived with further practical assistance; £10m-worth of aid, in part intended to combat people smuggling and terrorism. The real question though is why now? Why has a British foreign secretary returned to Tripoli - the first visit since 2011?
The Eye and Dunsden Parish Council has concerns over privacy. They want to put up eight cameras on poles, up to five metres (16ft) high. They also wish to attach a further 10 cameras to the property. The council has until Friday to decide whether to put the application before a planning committee.
The aim is to cut through the jargon and present election news in a different way. If you've got a question about the election or want to know what the parties will do for you, let us know. Follow our reporter Steffan Messenger on Facebook, where he'll be posting all our #iNeverKnew coverage.
Mr Hamilton said the PSNI would not take a position on an EU exit. He said the force had a good working relationship with non-EU countries. The committee is examining the impact of a UK exit from the EU on Northern Ireland. It has already heard evidence from politicians and business leaders.
Stephen Keshi has been appointed Nigeria's new national coach. The 53-year-old won the Africa Cup of Nations with Nigeria in 2013. He was sacked by the NFF in 2014 but was only reinstated after intervention from President Goodluck Jonathan. Former Nigeria striker Daniel Amokachi has left his role with immediate effect.
England lost their last seven wickets for 14 runs as they were bowled out for 171. De Villiers smashed 71 off 29 balls and Hashim Amla an unbeaten 69 off 38. Eoin Morgan made 38 and Joe Root 34, while Chris Morris claimed 3-26. England's fifth in succession in limited-overs cricket.
Bissouma penned a professional deal with the northern club only in July 2016. The 20-year-old joined the reserves from AS Real Bamako four months earlier. The midfielder has scored once in 17 appearances for the club since making his debut against Toulouse in September 2016.
Celebrations were held in the streets around the Belgrave Road, known as the Golden Mile. The annual Leicester event culminates in a large firework display in nearby Cossington Street Recreation Ground. It is thought to be one of the largest Diwali parties outside India.
Bloemfontein joins Beijing and Lisbon in being suspended from carrying out any Wada-related anti-doping activities. Moscow's lab had its accreditation revoked in April. Wada said the laboratory may apply for reinstatement before 30 September. The body did not disclose the reasons for the South Africa facility's suspension.
Volunteers at St Helier Lifeboat Station in Jersey have walked out. Andy Hibbs claims he was "bullied" by senior management at the RNLI. The RNLI said it asked Mr Hibbs to stand down "due to serious breaches of the Volunteer Code of Conduct" A former member of Jersey's RNLI has said there will be a protest on Sunday.
Virat Kohli has scored 8,008 runs in 183 one-day internationals, at an average of 54.47. He has found his best form in this tournament, scoring an unbeaten 81 in India's opening win over Pakistan. He added an unbeaten 76 in the do-or-die victory over South Africa, and a commanding 96 not out in the semi-final victory over Bangladesh.
Simon Marsh, 55, of St Michael and All Angels Church of England in Bramhall, Stockport, was the subject of an investigation lasting 15 months. Allegations were made between 2011 to 2013 when the woman was aged 16 to 19. Mr Marsh had been on bail and was suspended from his parish duties while the investigation took place.
Both 48-hour and 24-hour strikes have already been held on seven Shell-operated platforms. Further action was planned but was put on hold for fresh talks. Wood Group provides maintenance and construction to Shell and signed a three-year extension to its contract earlier this year.
Ravi Bopara (61) and Tom Westley (57) make half-centuries for Essex. Charlie Shreck (4-79) is the pick of the bowlers for the visitors. Bad light brings play to an early end with Essex on 266-9.
Andrew Patrick pointed a gun at Alistair Rankine before giving him a bag said to have a bomb inside. The 40-year-old then ordered the driver to steal cash from a Bank of Scotland branch in Kirkcaldy, Fife. Patrick will be sentenced next month after admitting assault and robbery.
Shami Chakrabarti was the Labour leader's only nomination as part of David Cameron's resignation honours list. Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis said her report's credibility "lies in tatters" after she accepted the peerage. A spokesman for Mr Corbyn praised her "legal and campaigning skills, and the trust that she has gained"
Dr Craig Wright claims to be the man behind Bitcoin. He says he has access to the cryptographic keys used by Satoshi. Wright says he is angry at being forced into the public eye. He plans to continue his research into the technology behind Bitcoin and plans to publish several papers over the coming months.
Shahid Tarafdar, 45, was hit by a Peugeot 307 on Stockport Road. He was taken to hospital but later died. Michael Joyce, 21, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Both have been remanded to appear at Manchester Magistrates' Court later.
Plans to downgrade maternity care at three hospitals in Wales have been blocked. The move would mean women would have to travel further for care. A dedicated health board website has been set up to collate public reaction to the plans. It is expected to be completed by the end of the month.
Britain's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) led the international investigation. The NCSC believes that a hacking group known as Lazarus launched the attack. The same group is also thought to have been behind the theft of money from banks. The exact role of the leadership in Pyongyang in ordering the attack is less clear.
Powys will be able to issue warning and banning orders against estate agents. The move follows a decision by the UK government to disband the OFT. Powys will receive Â£170,000 a year to carry out the work of the trading standards department. James Munro from Powys council said he hopes it will show Powys could take on more contracts and outside work in future.
Laura Trott and Jason Kenny won five golds between them in Rio. Trott has four, more than any other British woman. Kenny now has six Olympic golds from three Games. The next Olympics in Tokyo are in their sights. The pair are not the first couple to win gold in the same Games.
Human Rights Watch says it has new evidence regarding the authenticity of the Caesar photographs. The group carried out a nine-month investigation into the 53,000 images handed to the opposition by a military police photographer, codenamed Caesar. Researchers interviewed former prisoners, defectors and forensic experts.
James Brokenshire became the first secretary of state to attend a gaelic football match in Northern Ireland. It is understood he was in the stadium's control room when the anthem was played. The Northern Ireland Office said he attended "in the spirit of friendship" However, a County Armagh Labour MP said he had "snubbed" the anthem.
The incident occurred in the 84th minute of Wednesday's Confederation Cup match between Sudan's Al Merreikh and Kawkab Marrakech of Morocco. Caf is reviewing the incident and awaiting the match officials' report.Kawkab won the match 2-0 - with two penalties - for a 2-1 aggregate win.
Mitt Romney's team are trying to persuade disappointed Obama supporters that their man isn't worth giving another chance, and maybe theirs is. A Romney strategist told me they were hoping for "molt" - to me a new and novel term for switchers. Mr Obama needs to get as many of those half-hearted 2008 voters in the bag as possible.
The Royal Society Winton Prize is worth Â£25,000 to the winner. The book details how humans are altering the planet. It also tells the stories of how we are learning to limit and cope with that change. You can listen to Gaia talk about her book in the audio interview at the top of the page.
Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has offered to meet protest leaders to discuss potentially delaying the polls. Protesters want to replace the government with an unelected "People's Council" Government has deployed 18,000 security personnel to maintain order. At least eight people have been killed since the protests began last year.
Dorothy Cooper was seriously injured when a man allegedly jumped into her vehicle and drove over her in a car park in Oldham. Paul Anthony Moore, 45, of no fixed address has been charged with wounding with intent, dangerous driving and motoring offences. He was remanded in custody to appear before magistrates in Manchester later.
The UK government gave Northern Ireland the power to reduce the level of the tax because it said it had a special economic case. The move came in response to fears that some routes could be scrapped due to competition from Irish airports where APD is much lower. Scottish Transport Minister Keith Brown said the case for devolving APD was "compelling"
Warren Gatland is leading the British and Irish Lions in New Zealand. He has named interim coach Rob Howley as part of his backroom team. Forwards coach McBryde assumes head coach responsibilities for the third time. The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) will appoint assistant coaches for the summer tour.
St Elijah's Monastery stood on a hill near the northern city of Mosul for 1,400 years. It was believed to have been constructed by Assyrian monks in the late 6th Century. In 1743, its monks were given an ultimatum by Persian forces to convert to Islam. As many as 150 were massacred.
Falklands and Gulf War veterans had a lower risk of suicide than non-veterans. Young veterans were not found to be at increased risk - a finding at odds with an earlier study by the Centre for Suicide Prevention which suggested ex-servicemen under the age of 24 had a much higher rate of suicide.
The Age UK review looked at existing data and concluded there were nearly 1.2 million people who were not now getting the care they need. The charity said this had been caused by cuts to council budgets which had led to a rationing of services. It comes after the government said it was looking to solve the problems.
Former England batsman Boycott said Morgan was not "as good as he thinks he is" and "not so clever" against top-class bowling. But pace bowler Anderson responded: "That's rich coming from him" Australia captain Michael Clarke ruled out of Saturday's opener because of injury. George Bailey has been confirmed as his replacement.
Moat Brae in Dumfries has been a private house, a nursing home and harboured hopes of being turned into a themed hotel. The mansion, designed by architect Walter Newall for a local solicitor, will now become a national centre for children's literature after raising Â£5.3m in capital funding.
Mae'r ardal wedi ei chynnwys yn y 10 uchaf gan y cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliad, a chyfleoedd awyr agored sy'n gwneud y gorau o'r tirlun. Mae'n ardal syfrdanol gyda phob math o weithgareddau ar gael i ddiddanu teithwyr.
The candidates were responding to a question about proposed changes to health care in Staffordshire. They were asked about a consultation by clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) which buy health services in the area. UKIP's Phil Wood said too many people in the NHS were "trying to protect their own budgets and let someone else have the problem"
GSK fined £37,606,275 and generic firms have to pay £7.4m. Competition and Markets Authority says GSK made more than £50m of payments to companies making generic versions of its anti-depressant Seroxat. But GSK says its actions saved the NHS money and brought the generic drugs to the market sooner.
Herbert Kilpin left Nottingham to work in Italy in the 1890s. He started Milan Football and Cricket Club in 1899. Kilpin led the club to its first three championships and designed its legendary red and black striped shirt. He died in 1916, aged 46, and his grave was believed lost until a historian tracked it down.
The UK's chief veterinary officer said H5N8 avian flu has been discovered at a farm with 1,000 birds in Wyre. Public Health England said the risk to humans was "very low" A 1.8 mile (3km) protection zone has been set up around the farm.
The men were working on the northbound carriageway of the A361 at Gornhay Cross, Tiverton. One was flown to Plymouth's Derriford Hospital, while the other was taken to Royal Devon and Exeter Hospital. A third man was hurt in the incident, but he is described as the "walking wounded"
Gun was found when the man was questioned by agents after taking a video of the president in the lift. He was immediately sacked by his supervisors, who arrived on the scene shortly after the incident. The incident contravened a protocol that only members of the Secret Service are allowed to carry weapons in the president's presence.
Mae Arfon Roberts yn cyflogi wyth o bobl yn ei garej Bryn Eira ar gyrion y pentref. "Does 'na neb yn y pentre yn gwybod dim byd, dani'n gofyn i bobl beth sy'n digwydd"
Shwe Mann was sacked from the Union Solidarity and Development Party. He has been rumoured to be discussing an alliance with Aung San Suu Kyi. Her party is expected to win wide popular support in the 8 November elections. They will be the first elections since democratic reforms began in 2011.
Police probed reports hounds filled a street in Macclesfield, Cheshire, in February and allegedly killed a fox. Lesley Martin from Cheshire Monitors said "the law needs to be strengthened" and loopholes must be tightened. CPS said there was not enough evidence to prove the animal's death was caused deliberately.
Boehner's latest crying bout came on Thursday as he watched Pope Francis address Congress and a crowd of thousands just outside of his office. With his face scrunched, his wet green-blue eyes glistening and matching his tie, he did not disappoint. Other notable times he cried include when he became House Speaker, during Congressional Gold Medal ceremonies.
Prime Minister's visit to Silicon Valley comes at a time when Indian and Indian-American success is truly formidable. Mr Modi is here to make sure it continues to do so for decades to come, but perhaps now with more benefit to those back home. A recent US think-tank study suggests 87% of Indians have "favourable opinions" of the leader.
Sports Direct reported a big drop in half-year profits, which it blamed partly on the fall in the pound. The retailer, which has been criticised over working conditions, said reported pre-tax profits fell 25% to Â£140.2m. Chief executive Mike Ashley said the past six months had been "tough for our people and performance"
Officials entered a hotel room where members of the travelling equestrian show Cavalia were staying on 14 July. A spokesperson for Cavalia said they were trying to arrange for two employees to return to Canada. Global Affairs Canada said it is providing consular services to two citizens who were detained in Beijing.
Lawro's opponent for this weekend's Premier League fixtures is Adrian 'Jackpot' Lewis. Lewis won the PDC title in 2011 and 2012 and will be taking part in the new Champions League of Darts competition. He is a Stoke City fan and went to his first game at the age of six at the Potters' former home, the Victoria Ground.
US Secretary of State John Kerry said world powers would back Libya in seeking exemption from a UN arms embargo. He said IS was a "new threat" to Libya and it was "imperative" it was stopped. The requested arms embargo "exemption" for Libya will need to be approved by the UN Sanctions Committee.
Luis Barcenas will be asked about documents published in El Pais newspaper. They allegedly show payments to leading PP members, including Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy. State prosecutors are holding preliminary investigations to see if anyone has broken the law. Financial markets slumped earlier this week amid worries about the claims.
The two countries failed to sign an accord on sharing river water. There was also no deal granting India overland access across Bangladesh to its land-locked north-eastern states. But there was good news for tens of thousands of "stateless border people" The two countries agreed "to put in motion" a deal that allows about 50 Bangladeshi enclaves inside India to be integrated within Bangladesh.
John Stevenson Wright, 68, was jailed for 18 months at Manchester Crown Court. He was convicted of gross indecency, indecent assault and inciting a child under 16 to engage in a sexual act between 1978 and 1981. Victim Darren Kenny, 50, thought Wright was dead until he saw his name on the internet.
Ibrahimovic is likely to leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season. The 34-year-old scored four goals as PSG beat Troyes 9-0 on Sunday. The Swede has also played for Barcelona, Juventus, Inter Milan, AC Milan, Ajax and Malmo.
Eleanor Hawkins, Canadians Lindsey and Danielle Peterson, and Dutchman Dylan Snel admitted causing a public disturbance. The group was blamed for a magnitude 5.9 earthquake after stripping on Mount Kinabalu, which is considered sacred. They were jailed for three days, but their sentences were back-dated to reflect time already served. The four are now waiting to pay their fines before being deported.
The adult comedy, starring Mila Kunis and Kristen Bell, took £1.47m in its first week. Suicide Squad dropped one place to third, followed by new entry War Dogs. Jason Bourne is in the charts for a sixth week, taking £732,632 and the number six spot.
Around one in four births in the UK is by C-section, while in Cyprus the figure is 52% and in Sweden 17%. The study of 26 European countries said more research was needed to find out why the differences existed. The Royal College of Midwives said health systems had a role to play.
Cheshire East Council said the suspension of chief executive Mike Suarez was a "neutral act" The Conservative-run authority will not reveal details of the allegations. Councillor Howard Murray said it was "a neutral act taken in the interests of both the council and chief executive"
London and Manchester will also host legs of the World Grand Prix series in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Steve Flynn, director of GB Taekwondo, said the events would give the sport "a chance to drive real growth" The bid team - which beat competition from American city Houston - is also discussing the possibility of hosting the World Para Taek wondo Championships.
Simeone has led Atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011. They were runners-up to Real Madrid in the 2014 Champions League final. The 44-year-old is widely regarded as one of the best coaches in European football. He has been linked with a number of clubs, including Manchester City.
Ddydd Mawrth, pleidleisiodd pum aelod o'r cabinet o blaid cau'r ffrwd Gymraeg, gyda dau yn erbyn, ac un yn ymatal. "Mae rhieni yn yr ardal wedi codi pryderon am effaith posib y newidiadau"
The World Championship is being held in Sheffield, England. The tournament runs until the end of the month. It is the first time the tournament has been held in the UK since the 1980s. The event is open to anyone who wants to take part in it. The prize money for the tournament is £1,000.
Campaigners from action group Plane Stupid staged the demonstration on Monday. The men and women have been charged with aggravated trespass and entering a security restricted area of an aerodrome. They will appear in court on 19 August. Metropolitan Police said security at the airport would be reviewed.
"The Mooch" is the latest casualty of the Trump White House. He takes the record for the shortest term in a top job: 10 days. But of course, there is a long line of people behind him who have been fired or eased out. Here's a run-down of what they did, and why they left.
Marko Dmitrovic, Alou Diarra and Callum Harriott have triggered one-year extensions to their current deals. Iran international Ghoochannejhad, 28, scored five goals in 42 appearances after joining the Addicks in 2014. Former Juventus defender Motta, 30, featured 12 times following his move to The Valley in February.
Darren Heath, 45, from Taynton, was sentenced to three years and nine months. He pleaded guilty to five counts of misconduct in public office. Gloucestershire Police believe there may be more victims. Judge described his behaviour as "corrosive to the reputation of the police service generally"
Fleetwood Mac will close Isle of Wight Festival on Sunday 14 June. Organiser John Giddings said he had been asking the band to perform for seven years. The band's set at Seaclose Park will be their only festival show of the year. Previous acts to headline the festival include The Who, the Rolling Stones and Paul McCartney.
Anatoly Kucherena tells reporters his client will remain in the transit zone at Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport. The US wants him extradited for leaking details of surveillance programmes. He has requested temporary asylum in Russia, and said recently his favoured final destination was Latin America.
Money managed Walsall, Luton Town and Cambridge United between 2006 and 2015 before working for MLS side Atlanta. The 61-year-old joined the Canaries from Atlanta United in December 2016. Money: "Watching [head coach] Daniel Farke over the past six weeks has rekindled my appetite for management"
Russia has sent warplanes, tanks and marines to Latakia. Israel is concerned about the possibility of Russian attacks on its soil. Israel has been fighting militants in Syria since the start of the Syrian conflict in 2011. The Israeli prime minister says Russia has no right to intervene in the conflict.
Police said a boy on the bank saw his father's boat capsize on the River Wey in Guildford at about 13:10 BST on Monday. The boy jumped into the fast-flowing river to try to save him but members of the public shouted to come back. A flood warning is in place for parts of the river following heavy rain and storms over the weekend.
The fountain is in Leamington Spa's Jephson Gardens. It was commissioned and funded by former Czech and Slovak soldiers. Their story was recently made into a film by Cillian Murphy and Jamie Dornan. The film, Operation Anthropoid, was released in September.
The Hull 2017 Culture Company said fundraising had exceeded its public target of £18m. The full programme of events is to be announced next week. More than 2,000 people have already signed up to volunteer during the year. 60,000 school students will take part in some way, the charity said.
David Crompton was due to retire in November after four years in the role. Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham said "those responsible must be held to account" Police and Crime Commissioner said there had been an "erosion of trust" It is the fourth time since November 2012 that a PCC has suspended a chief constable.
Serbia says it will limit migrant passage to those seeking asylum in Austria or Germany only. EU is drawing up plans to share the "burden" of refugees more evenly among member states. EU Commission fears passport-free Schengen area could collapse if a solution is not worked out by March.
The parts were "secured during a previous recovery mission in eastern Ukraine" But investigators say they have not proved their "causal connection" with the crash. MH17 crashed on land held by Russian-backed rebels in July 2014, killing all 298 on board. The Boeing 777 was flying from Amsterdam to Kuala Lumpur when it was brought down.
Michael Smith was a youth worker for Pembrokeshire council between 2001 and 2012. He was dismissed for gross misconduct and in September 2013 a police investigation began after he was accused of sexually abusing a boy. Smith was jailed for six years in July 2014 after admitting sexually assaulting a child under the age of 13.
Erin Cross was treated for acute lymphoblastic leukaemia in the U.S. She received gene editing therapy after a Â£100,000 appeal. Doctors have told her parents she is now in remission after the therapy. Her mother Sarah Cross said: "I'm so glad I pushed for her to get on the trial"
Fossils date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land. The specimens were preserved as charcoal within rocks from a Nova Scotia, Canada, quarry. Scientists hope to find fossils of flowering plants, which were evolving at the same time as the ancient pines.
Councillor Pierre Oxley said Mr Halliday's accusation was "garbage" Mr Oxley claimed the council had been unclear about how much of the beach would be sand, and how much would be shingle. If successful, 25 groynes will be installed and the beach will be recharged.
Conte is becoming one of the Premier League's most compelling personalities. The Italian was a blur of motion again on the Stamford Bridge sidelines on Saturday. But the top coaches never lose control and the Italian knows there is a time and a place to keep a lid on the emotions. Conte's touchline antics stand alongside Liverpool manager Jurgen Klopp as a visual spectacle.
Burnell beat Ferry Weertman in a sprint to the finish at Emirates Palace Bay. The 23-year-old represented Team GB at Rio 2016. "I am out there to win every single race I go into," said Burnell after his first race of the season.
All 108 MLAs met to sign the roll of membership, with 29 newly-elected members doing so for the first time. DUP's Robin Newton has been elected as the new speaker, replacing Mitchel McLaughlin, who announced his retirement before the election. MLAs also undertook to support the rule of law, challenge paramilitary activity and accept no authority but a democratic mandate.
Both players join the League Two side until the end of the season. Nelson, 19, is yet to make a senior appearance for the Black Cats. Rooney, 20, has played just three times this season but scored twice against the Pools on his Argyle debut in May.
Matty James and Ciaran Clark sent off in Leicester's 1-0 win. Villa's case will be heard by an Independent Regulatory Commission. It is the third time Villa have been found guilty of the offence this season. They were fined £20,000 and £30,000 for failing to control their players against Tottenham and Manchester United.
The 18-year-old man is still in hospital after the incident at Leicester's West Gate School on 27 January. The school subsequently suspended three female members of staff. Police confirmed the women were arrested in connection with allegations of neglect offences and then bailed pending further inquiries. Leicestershire Council and the Health and Safety Executive (HSE) are also investigating.
Croker starts at hooker for the hosts at Twickenham, with Amy Cokayne dropping to the bench. Paula Fitzpatrick moves to number eight and Heather O'Brien is on the bench for Ireland. Nora Stapleton comes in for Nikki Caughey, who will provide back-up from the replacements.
Michael McGibbon, 33, died after an attack in an alleyway in Belfast. Police say his death had the hallmarks of a paramilitary attack. His wife, who is a nurse, came to his aid after he was shot in the head. The incident has been referred to the Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland.
The Woodland Trust said deadfall washed out by rivers from Urquhart Bay Wood could explain a recent report of something emerging from the loch. Previous explanations for the monster have included circus elephants being exercised in the waters. The wood is situated on a flat low-lying area of alluvial sand and gravel deposits between the deltas.
The UK's economy grew by an estimated 0.7% in the April to June period, the Office for National Statistics (ONS) said. ONS chief economist Joe Grice: "After a slowdown in the first quarter of 2015, overall GDP growth has returned to that typical of the previous two years"
Deerness Bridge, between Ushaw Moor and New Brancepeth, closed. Durham County Council said the closure would last at least a month. Signed diversions were in place and alternative arrangements were being made for buses, including services to Durham Community Business College and St Leonard's School.
A team of the Anti-Drug Smuggling Unit searched the 27-year-old's home in Port Louis and found 22 doses of heroin.Equipment used in the preparation and packaging of heroin, including razor blades and scales, were also seized. Leopold is the first-choice goalkeeper for Mauritius Professional Football League champions team ASPL 2000.
Nico Rosberg wins his first grand prix of the season in Singapore. Mercedes team-mate Lewis Hamilton finishes second ahead of Valtteri Bottas. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel finishes third ahead of Kimi Raikkonen and Daniel Ricciardo. Fernando Alonso retires from 14th place with brake failure.
Hirst is the UK's richest living artist, worth Â£215m according to the Sunday Times' Rich List. The artist has selected journalist James Fox as his ghostwriter. Fox was the writer behind Rolling Stones guitarist Keith Richards' autobiography. Hirst was one of the founding members of the Young British Artists movement.
The Dons have planning permission for a new stadium at Loirston Loch. The move was put on hold when plans for an adjacent training academy were turned down. The AGM heard an annual report which showed a Â£1.4m loss for the year to June, a drop in turnover and rising wages.
Jennifer Taylor, 72, was killed in a crash near Betws-Y-Coed in October. Susie, a 12-year-old collie and Jilly, 10, were taken in by Snowdonia Animal Sanctuary. Sanctuary owner Anne de Berry said the dogs were moved to a "brilliant" new home.
The accident happened on the A34 at Mansfield Road, Oxfordshire. The accident closed the northbound carriageway for almost 10 hours. The driver has been released on bail to appear at Oxford Magistrates' Court on 17 January. He has been charged with causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The woman was hit by a car on the A38 near Burton-upon-Trent. She was airlifted to hospital but later died from her injuries. The driver, a man, has been arrested on suspicion of murder. He will appear at Stafford Crown Court on 11 August.
The 22-year-old won the BBC's Women's Footballer of the Year Award in 2015 before joining Arsenal from Liverpool. She helped the Gunners win the Women's FA Cup at Wembley in May 2016. She also played for her country at the 2015 Women's World Cup in Canada.
Total Fitness bosses say they were sorry difficulties over a lease caused them to leave the building on Stansty Road. But now they are working on reopening the facilities in April, complete with new equipment.Facilities include three pools, a family workout area and a cafe.
Italian maestro has scored the soundtrack for Quentin Tarantino's The Hateful Eight. It is the first time the 87-year-old has scored a Western since his career-defining work with Sergio Leone. The score's key movement is a seven-minute suite called L'Ultima Diligenza per Red Rock. It will form the centrepiece of the composer's world tour next year, celebrating 60 years in the film industry.
The 2014 European 100m champion held off the fast-finishing James Ellington and his friend and rival CJ Ujah in a showdown that lived up to expectations. Dasaolu's training partner Asha Philip won her third British 100m title to join him in the GB team for Rio.
More than 730,000 youngsters are trapped by disadvantage, according to the Australian Council of Social Service. About 13% of the population - or three million people - are living below the breadline. Charities blame the soaring cost of living and a lack of affordable housing for stubbornly high levels of poverty.
French-based Sanofi closed its drug manufacturing site in Fawdon in 2015. Accord Healthcare is to use the plant for its pharmaceutical production. A spokesman said the firm was confident the investment would have an "extremely positive" impact on the area. The leader of Newcastle City Council, Councillor Nick Forbes, said: "This announcement is fantastic news for Newcastle"
Bates, who has been Tigers promoter for three years, has taken full control of the Lions and will work alongside co-promoter David Darcy. Bates said: "We're only weeks away from the new season and so our main priority is to quickly form a team" Leicester finished bottom of the Elite League table last season.
The man, believed to be 19, was later confirmed dead in hospital. A file is being prepared for the coroner, but the death is not being treated as suspicious. Police were called to Matlock Works, Ambergate, at about 20:00 BST on Sunday.
The woman cannot be named amid claims that identifying her would increase the risk of her taking her own life. A press challenge to the temporary reporting restrictions is due to be heard next month. The 30-year-old was arrested by detectives investigating the child's death following an incident in Belfast in March.
Basil McAfee was found dead by his mother at his home in north Belfast. Police said he "suffered a violent death" and added that they believed his killer used an axe and a large knife. They said that although it was not a random attack, his killer remains a danger to others in the community.
Commons' Home Affairs Committee said UK Border Agency should challenge unacceptable behaviour by some of its contractors. Jimmy Mubenga, 46, fell ill and collapsed on a British Airways plane bound for Angola on 12 October 2010. UKBA said that all private security escorts are trained in approved restraint techniques.
Johanna Amunjela is a PhD scholar at the University of Aberdeen. She is among the first in the world to investigate the role that specific proteins have in how the disease develops. She presented her findings at the Genes and Cancer conference held at Cambridge University.
People currently get antiretroviral therapy only when their white blood cell levels drop. But a US-led study has now been cut short as early treatment was so beneficial for patients. The United Nations Aids agency has called for everyone to get immediate access to the drugs.
The 29-year-old joins Carrick from Mid Ulster League side Crewe United. McAllister has also had spells with Ards, Ballymena United and Donegal Celtic. Carrick face Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Friday night.
Plans to allow farmers to clear ditches without asking permission. But experts warn the move could lead to a rise in flood risk. The National Farmers' Union says it is a good idea to make the ditches drier. The government says the move is needed to protect the environment.
Laurence Shahlaei, originally from Cheltenham, is the first Englishman to win the title in 27 years. The Wiltshire-based athlete had to overcome injury last weekend to take the crown. The 32-year-old ran 20m (65ft) with a Volkswagen Beetle on his shoulders in around 11 seconds.
In 2016, there were 5,826 reported cases, with holidaymakers losing Â£7.2 million. More than a quarter of those affected said the scams had a significant impact on their health or finances. Sports events and religious festivals are a common target for scammers.
Inspectors found a lack of respect for women at one school. The school had been inspected by the Bridge Schools Inspectorate (BSI) The BSI is now taking over the inspection of private schools in the UK. The schools were found not to be promoting "mutual respect"
Santner broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016. The left-arm batsman and spinner made his Test debut in 2015. Worcestershire signed Australia pace bowler John Hastings as their main overseas player for the 2017 season.
West Ham will work in unison with the ladies' team to make improvements. Hammers were last week accused of sex discrimination by ladies' club chairman. Stephen Hunt had told BBC Sport West Ham should "start to act like a 21st century club" West Ham claimed Hunt had "refused to align" with their principles.
Acting Up report recommends more school trips to the theatre. Government says it is a "priority" to ensure everyone can take part in the arts. Former Coronation Street and EastEnders actress Tracy Brabin led the inquiry. She said there was a "diversity crisis on our stages and screens"
Charlie Austin put the home side ahead with a penalty after Shane Long was fouled by Martin Kelly. Saints deservedly doubled their lead through midfielder Jake Hesketh's first goal for the club just after the hour. Palace lost captain Scott Dann early on to a suspected hamstring injury and it was Kelly who was at fault in the build-up to the opening goal.
O'Leary had taken the claim to Fifa following his dismissal in April 2011. The League Managers' Association said despite having sacked O'Leary, the United Arab Emirates club claimed the Irishman had abandoned his job. Al Ahli also argued that Fifa lacked jurisdiction to hear the claim, but football's world governing body rejected both lines of defence.
Seven ex-News of the World staff accused of conspiracy to access voicemails. Prosecutors say the charge could involve about 600 victims. Private investigator Glenn Mulcaire, facing four counts relating to specific people, was also at the Old Bailey. A 9 September 2013 trial date was set.
All 26 are accused of evading tests but say there was an administrative error. The list includes Fabrizio Donato, triple jump bronze medallist at London 2012, and Andrew Howe, who took silver in the long jump at the 2007 World Championships. They will face trials at the Italian Olympic Committee's anti-doping court.
Robert McNaughton, 51, from Halesowen, set up fake Facebook accounts to troll the woman. He also hired two men, Matthew Barker and Joden Smith, to carry out a string of attacks on her home. The men were sentenced at Wolverhampton Crown Court on 31 March.
Olympiakos striker was abducted at gunpoint on Saturday night in his home town of Ciudad Victoria in Tamaulipas state. A 38-year-old man has been arrested and confessed to belonging to a local criminal gang. Police are searching for another three men believed to have been involved in the kidnapping.
Marc Pugh scored on his first league start of the season for Bournemouth. Artur Boruc made a late save to deny Leonardo Ulloa from six yards. Leicester's haul of one point away from home is lowest by a defending top-flight champion from the first eight away games of a season.
Platini is the Football Association's preference to succeed Blatter at Fifa. The 60-year-old Frenchman has been suspended along with Fifa president Sepp Blatter and secretary general Jerome Valcke. The French FA wants the Court of Arbitration for Sport to intervene to ensure Platini can stand for election.
Monarch said it was "trading well" despite a difficult period for the industry. It added that a significant investment would be announced in the coming days. The airline's CAA licence is due to expire at the end of the week. Monarch is in negotiations with the regulator for the licence to be renewed.
Cotswold District Council wants to form a unity authority with West Oxfordshire. CDC says the plans - dubbed 'Coxit' - are at an early stage but aim to improve accountability. Gloucestershire's PCC Martin Surl said he had taken legal advice on the proposal. He warned it could "signal the end of Gloucester Police as we know it"
Wolverhampton City Council said in 2014 the authority faced the prospect of "becoming insolvent", unless it made "very deep and very fast cuts" Labour-run council approved plans on Wednesday to cut a number of services, including neighbourhood wardens, and increase council tax. But unions said they feared service standards would drop.
Goldman Sachs will use video interviews to find new employees. The move is part of a wider plan to use technology in the hiring process. The company will still recruit from colleges and universities around the world. It hopes the move will make it easier to find the right people for the job.
Liverpool beat Leicester 4-1 in their Premier League clash at Anfield. Roberto Firmino, Sadio Mane, Adam Lallana and Kasper Schmeichel scored for Reds. Jamie Vardy opened the scoring for Leicester after Lucas miscontrolled the ball. Liverpool keeper Simon Mignolet picked up a nose and eye injury.
Cherry and Whites win their first match of the season. Fly-half Billy Burns scores all 16 points for the hosts. Scotland face either Bath or Stade Francais in the final on Saturday. The match at Twickenham is the first time the French have played in Scotland since the 2003 World Cup.
Marianna Fenn and Toby Ricketts tied the knot in the New Zealand South Island town of Akaroa. Members of the Pastafarian religion believe the world was created by an airborne spaghetti and meatballs-based being and humans evolved from pirates. New Zealand officials last month designated the religion as an officially-recognised faith, allowing it to conduct marriages.
The members of the FSB, the Russian intelligence agency, conspired with criminal hackers, according to the DOJ. The indictment also alleged that 30 million Yahoo accounts were commandeered without authorisation for use in a spam campaign. Yahoo said "state-sponsored" hackers were behind the 2014 breach affecting 500 million accounts.
BBC Radio 5 live found football ticket-touting laws are being flouted. Some websites have deals with clubs but others could be "duping" customers. The general resale of football tickets was banned in 1994 because of safety fears. Manchester United have seized more than 1,750 tickets during the past two seasons.
The 30 gigabyte dump of stolen data appears to include nearly 200,000 emails belonging to Ashley Madison CEO Noel Biderman. Some experts have decided not to view the contents, but certain details are being distributed via Twitter. There has also been more fallout from the release of an earlier batch of Ashley Madison user emails.
The population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2034. The working-age population is expected to rise by less than 1% but the population aged 65 and over is predicted to increase by almost 26%. The report also assumes that the level of migration to Northern Ireland will continue to be very low.
Thomas blasted home for the relegation-threatened Robins in the 94th minute after being picked out by Nicky Ajose. The game was lacking many clear-cut chances, with both teams unable to break the deadlock. The first half was evenly contested and the first opening fell to promotion-chasing Millwall in the fifth minute.
Chris May, 28, was last seen at his home in Kelvedon, Essex, on 25 May. His Volkswagen Golf was found abandoned in the village of Fairstead. Police received a letter in June, sent in the post, saying Mr May was dead. Charity Missing People is now advertising Mr May's case nationally.
Two such deliveries recently have had very different outcomes. One driver managed to successfully navigate Bargrennan Bridge, near Newton Stewart, in November. But a delivery on the A713 on Tuesday saw a lorry and its giant cargo end up in a ditch. The accident in Dumfries and Galloway highlighted the perils of delivering huge wind turbine parts on country roads.
Stanford University team said the findings were "incredibly exciting" The software was repurposed from software developed by Google. It was shown 129,450 photographs and told what type of skin condition it was looking at in each one. It then learned to spot the hallmarks of carcinoma, and the most deadly melanoma.
David De Gea has been linked with a move to Real Madrid. The 24-year-old has made 175 appearances for United since joining in 2011. Angel Di Maria has written an open letter to United supporters. Ashley Young has signed a new deal at Old Trafford until 2018.
The 35-year-old's Mercedes was stopped by police after it almost hit a lorry. He admitted failing to provide a sample to police and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence. He was also ordered to carry out 150 hours' unpaid work at Highbury Corner Magistrates' Court. District judge Susan Williams also ordered him to pay Â£145 in costs and charges.
Severe flood warning removed from A361 between East Lyng and Burrowbridge. Residents in the area saw their homes cut off and experienced long diversions. Road has been inspected by council highways officers and reopened at 17:00 GMT. Temporary traffic lights will be installed to protect carriageway and allow motorists to pass safely.
The female was found in the Llandovery area last month. She was struggling with a fever and dehydration. RSPCA staff at a specialist wildlife facility in Taunton, Somerset, rehabilitated her. Her weight also increased from 2.8kg to 4.8 kg by the time she was released.
O'Donnell said her chest began to ache last week. She became nauseous and feverish after helping a woman in her Nyack village home. The star, who has acted in several films and TV shows, also said she did not call the emergency services. She recently hosted The Rosie Show on the Oprah Winfrey Network.
The service was held to mark the surrender of Japan at the end of World War Two. The event included readings from Burma veterans and a performance from the Portsmouth Military Wives Choir. The service saw wreaths laid at the war memorial, including one on behalf of the city placed by the Lord Mayor.
Kuba Moczyk, 22, died in hospital after he was knocked out in an unlicensed fight at the Tower Complex, Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. A memorial mass has been held at St Mary's Church in the town. His uncle, Marcin Smigaj gave a tribute, in Polish, on behalf of the family.
Burials were held for 33 of the 84 people whose bodies have been recovered. Between 20 and 25 local people caught in the flood have not been accounted for. The landslide was triggered by heavy rains that sent torrents of water and mud crashing into the La Liboriana ravine.
Inflation is among the highest in the world, there are long queues for basic goods and the atmosphere on the streets is becoming increasingly agitated. Meanwhile politicians on both sides are so hostile to each other, a political solution remains remote. The BBC's Will Grant says there are growing parallels to a specific point in Cuba's past.
The Ayrton Light, located above the Great Bell - known as Big Ben - needs to be fully dismantled and restored.Installed in 1885, it was previously turned off only during both world wars. It is not yet known when the light will switch off, or how long it will be off.
Barca remain six points off leaders Real after Sergio Ramos' last-minute header made it 1-1 after Luis Suarez had opened the scoring. Enrique was happy to see captain Andres Iniesta return from an injury that has kept him out for six weeks. "It is clear that Iniesta is a unique player and his input was perfect," said Enrique.
Malcolm Henderson told a court he had been there with a shotgun. John Clive Richardson, 66, and Johnny Riley, 24, both deny deliberately hunting a fox. The trial will continue later this month in Jedburgh Sheriff Court. The defendants deny breaching the Protection of Wild Mammals Act 2002.
Jason Alexander, 39, used a company credit card to buy almost £91,000 of iPads, phones and computers. He admitted fraud and was jailed for two years in January. But at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday, a judge ordered him to pay back £115,000.
Russian state TV has been suggesting that wine could be banned in retaliation for the EU extending economic sanctions against Russia. The European restrictions were introduced last year after Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine; Moscow hit back with counter-sanctions in August. The glitzy event was boycotted in 2014 by senior US and European executives in protest at the Ukraine crisis.
Nick Dunn, 28, was one of six Britons accused of illegally possessing weapons. They were working on a ship providing anti-piracy protection. Charges were quashed, but a police appeal has blocked their return. Their case was due to be heard later, but has now been adjourned to 22 April.
Latest figures show 2,818.9 whole-time equivalent (WTE) posts were unfilled at the end of March, a 27.5% increase from March last year. The number of such posts lying unfilled for three months or more was up 51.3% year on year to 670.6.
Mark Piper is jointly charged with murdering Levi Blu. His mother Danielle Cassin is also accused of murder. A woman told a jury at Birmingham Crown Court she saw Mr Piper being violent with his other child, who was five at the time, in 2012. The incident happened in the living room of Mr Piper's Chelmsley Wood home.
HMS Coventry took a direct hit during the Falklands War on 25 May 1982. The ship sank in just 20 minutes, taking with it many documents and equipment. Clive Gale was part of a 39-strong Royal Navy team which carried out a number of dives on sunken ships.
First Minister Carwyn Jones said the benefits could be significant in terms of the economy and renewable energy. The electricity generators will operate like wind turbines but with blades driven by tidal wave action. In addition, development rights for a tidal site off Holyhead Deep have been granted to Minesto.
McCoy came third on 5-2 favourite Box Office in his final race. The 40-year-old has ridden in more than 16,000 races and suffered an estimated 1,000 falls in a remarkable career. The Northern Irishman has ridden more than 4,300 career winners. McCoy: "Someone's going to ride more winners than me. All records get broken"
The EU has ruled that airlines must pay compensation for delayed flights. Jet2 argued the compensation payments should be delayed pending the outcome of a similar case in the Netherlands. But the judge at Liverpool County Court ruled that "a line should now be drawn. Justice delayed is justice denied"
The German government is holding a special debate on the issue. It wants to hear directly from the fugitive NSA leaker Edward Snowden. He has fled to Russia after leaking details of far-reaching US spying. Germany says it cannot offer him asylum because he would have to make his application on German soil.
Swansea's development side beat Reading 2-0 in the FA Cup final. Adam King struck either side of the break in the win at Liberty Stadium. Swans' senior team survived in the Premier League after Crystal Palace beat Hull 4-0 on Sunday for the latter to be relegated.
John Glen, Conservative MP for Salisbury, said a tunnel was the only "realistic solution" A feasibility study is already under way to consider the various options for the road. Mr Glen said Stonehenge would be "formally placed on the at-risk register" if a dual carriageway was constructed close to the World Heritage site.
Labour leader candidate Andy Burnham says getting this far was "a real achievement" He is up against Jeremy Corbyn, Liz Kendall and Yvette Cooper in the contest. Unite General Secretary Len McCluskey says Mr Corbyn has already won in his eyes. Labour's new deputy leader will also be announced on Saturday.
George Osborne said he had no plans to cut income tax for those earning over £150,000. But he refused to completely rule out the move. Labour's shadow chancellor Ed Balls criticised Mr Osborne's refusal to rule out a further cut. Liberal Democrat minister David Laws accused the Conservatives of taking credit for personal tax allowance rises.
Tens of thousands of Rohingya have fled to Bangladesh amid a military crackdown on insurgents in Myanmar's western Rakhine state. They have told horrifying stories of rapes, killings and house burnings, which the government of Myanmar has claimed are "false" and "distorted" Some have described the situation as South East Asia's Srebrenica.
Just 40,100 families - that's around 8% of estates - will pay any IHT at all in 2016/17. But thanks to the controversy around gifts to David Cameron from his mother, IHT is now under the political spotlight. So how does IHT work - and what reforms are already in the pipeline?
Alliance Trust Savings to buy stockbroking firm Stocktrade for £14m in cash. The deal will bring 48,000 new customers to Alliance Trust Savings. It will also increase the Dundonians range of services, including telephone and online share dealing services for pension providers.
The expansion is a result of the funding boost announced by the UK government last year. New languages will be Afaan Oromo, Amharic, Gujarati, Igbo, Korean, Marathi, Pidgin, Punjabi, Telugu, Tigrinya, and Yoruba.
John Smith, 41, from Connah's Quay, Deeside, staged seven collisions in Chester allowing more than 200 people to make false personal injury claims. Ten other people were also found guilty at Manchester Crown Court for their part in the plot which police say could have totalled more than £1m. Smith, who denied conspiracy to commit fraud, will be sentenced on 23 April.
"I had the microphone and my hand just lit up and I saw the spark," he said. "It was like I was holding a lightning bolt in my hand, it was amazing" "I've had lots of brushes with death. But death keeps ignoring me," he added.
Study by Birkbeck, University of London, questioned 715 parents of children under three years old. 75% of toddlers used a touchscreen on a daily basis, with 51% of those between six and 11 months using one. Children who did play with touchscreens slept less at night and more in the day. Experts say the study is "timely" but parents should not lose sleep over it.
May, 22, has made 69 appearances for the Penzance-based side. Pope, 26, can also play on the wing and joined the Championship club in 2013. Moyle, 24, can play at full-back, wing or fly-half and made his Pirates debut in 2012.
18-year-old woman was driving a Toyota Yaris when it was in a crash. She and her front seat passenger, also 18, were pronounced dead at the scene. A third woman, in the back of the car, was flown by air ambulance to hospital. Her condition is said to be "critical"
Welsh Government says 18 out of 22 councils are broadcasting meetings. Ministers are considering making it a "statutory requirement" for all councils. The Welsh Local Government Association says costs will be "considerable" But not all councils have agreed to carry out the practice, such as Rhondda Cynon Taf.
Christian Wade and Kurtley Beale score tries for Wasps. Tom Homer's penalty was the only reply from Bath. Both sides occupy places in the top four. Wasps director of rugby Dai Young: "Today we took a big stride in cementing our place in theTop four"
Nikki is also a vlogger and spends a lot of time on the internet. We thought it was a great opportunity to speak to her about how she stays safe online and deals with "haters" who say nasty things. Check out her interview with Ricky to see what she had to say.
Snodgrass, 29, is alleged to have driven on Duke Street, Glasgow, on 17 April with too many people to fit a baby seat in the car. The West Ham striker was not at the city's Justice of the Peace Court when the case was called.
More than 20 people have been arrested in connection with the incident. Most of the passengers, including the alleged bomber, were originally booked on Turkish Airlines. No group has said it carried out the bombing but al-Shabab, part of al-Qaeda, is based in Somalia.
Argentina's new president, Mauricio Macri, will be sworn in on December 1. He will be the first leader of his party to win a presidential election since 1976. The country's economy has been in freefall since the financial crisis of 2008-2009. The economy is expected to grow by 0.5% this year.
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but has admitted attacking 79-year-old Donald Lock claiming diminished responsibility. Mr Lock was fatally stabbed after he hit the back of Mr Daley's Ford Fusion and then asked why he had braked so abruptly. Mrs Daley told the court her son had many debts and the recent breakdown of his relationship with his girlfriend had left him "distraught"
The 140-year-old structure was almost completely destroyed by fire in October 2010. It is now hoped a further £300,000 can be raised by selling 3,000 shares for £100 each. The shares will go on sale on Saturday through a community shares website.
Microsoft searched blogger's emails in order to identify an employee it suspected of leaking information. The firm's actions came to light this week as part of a legal case by US prosecutors against an ex-Microsoft employee, Alex Kibalko. The search was legal because it fell within Microsoft's terms of service.
Arriva Trains Wales said 54 out of its fleet of 127 have had to be taken away for repairs this autumn - an increase of 54% on the same period last year. Mr Skates said he was informed this was because of the current level of investment. Network Rail said it was committed to working with the Welsh Government to get value for taxpayers' money.
The 60-year-old was a passenger in a car that was involved in a collision with a van on the Foreglen Road in Claudy. The injuries sustained by the drivers of the car and the van are not believed to be life-threatening. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.
The University of Cape Town's senate has voted to remove the statue. The statue of Cecil Rhodes was attacked by a protester earlier this month. The university is one of the highest-ranked in the world, according to league tables. The decision to move the statue will be made at a meeting next week.
County are tenants at the ground which is also used by rugby union teams Newport Gwent Dragons and Newport RFC. The Exiles have had two games - against Morecambe and Barnet - abandoned at half-time while their game against Stevenage in October was postponed because of the state of the pitch.
This is exactly the same outcome as in 2014, although slightly fewer students got the very top grades. A total of 19.2% passes were A* and A grades - a drop of 0.2%. Education Minister Huw Lewis said Wales had "at least matched" its best results. But opposition parties said it was a reality check and Wales had come up short.
Castle Donington Airfield opened on 2 April 1965 as a replacement for Burnaston Aerodrome near Derby. The first destination on offer was Glasgow but it now flies to more than 70 locations as diverse as Aberdeen and Barbados. The airport is the busiest cargo airport in the UK, shifting more than 300,000 tonnes a year.
The list was published in Madrid as part of Operation Captura. It includes ex-soldier Shane Walford who was jailed in 2010 for the manslaughter of an off-duty fireman while on leave from the army. Mohammed Jahangir Alam, 32, who was sentenced to 14 years in his absence in March 2010 for rape and sexual assault.
The 27-year-old was caught on camera apparently swearing at Murray's semi-final opponent Tomas Berdych's team. Murray had defended Sears, saying: "In the heat of the moment, you can say stuff that you regret" Sears made light of the issue for the final against Novak Djokovic.
Visitors from boats have built bonfires and cleared vegetation on Les Minquiers - a group of islands and rocks to the south of Jersey. The States is urging boat owners and visitors to respect Jersey's wildlife laws and the "fragile environment" Dozens of people from France and Jersey visit the reefs each summer.
Prisons minister Jeremy Wright says local names are "generally avoided as most local people object" He said it was likely people would be invited to propose names for the Â£212m prison. Work is expected to start in August, creating up to 1,000 jobs, to build the prison.
The 33-year-old has signed a one-year contract with Mark Cooper's side. Roberts made 52 league starts for Cambridge over the past two years. The former Crewe youngster has also played for Accrington. Forest Green confirmed the departure of midfielder Rob Sinclair by mutual consent.
Emergency services called to Longtown Bridge, near Carlisle, on Tuesday. 32-year-old man had just rescued a young girl from the river. Chief Fire Officer for the county, Jim Onions, warned people against swimming during heatwaves because of strong currents.
The boy, named locally as Reggie, was attacked at a house in Falkland Road at about 04:15 BST. He was taken to hospital where he later died. Police said the small terrier dog had been removed from the address. A 30-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident.
Jamie Toland told police he woke up to find the animal gnawing at the tag. But the High Court in Belfast was told there were "no signs" of teeth marks. Mr Toland had been fitted with the electronic monitoring tag last month. He allegedly stole Â£1,550 in cash and a pellet gun during the break-in.
"It's time to change the way we do business in the UK," says Lord Tebbit. "We need to get rid of the old way of doing things" He says the UK needs to be more like the rest of the world in its approach to business. "It's not just a matter of making money, it's about creating jobs"
Connor Hamer, 22, said he had been refused service at the restaurant in Pilsworth. He said he would be protesting until the matter was sorted. McDonald's said it "respected his right to protest" but the drive-thru was "for roadworthy motor vehicles only"
Former Barcelona B striker Sanabria, on loan from Roma, scored his fourth goal in two games after Danilo tripped Jony. Alvaro Negredo missed three chances to equalise, heading one against the post, then chipping wide and blazing over. Valencia have not won any of the eight La Liga matches since Neville took charge.
It is the third time Vitalmiro Bastos Moura has been tried for Dorothy Stang's death. Ms Stang, 73, campaigned for 30 years to save rainforest from the interests of wealthy landlords. She had tried to block Moura's attempts to seize land and was shot six times.
Researchers strictly controlled the diets of 19 people so they all had exactly the same calorie intake. Results showed 67% more fat was lost on a low-fat diet than low-carb one. But experts questioned which diets people could stick to in real life. Researchers said most dieters cut out a mixture of protein, carbohydrate and fat from their meals.
HMP Hewell in Worcestershire was highlighted by HM Inspectorate of Prisons last year for its high levels of assaults and drug use. In a new report, inspectors said there had been one murder and six suicides since their last visit. The jail said progress had been "slow" but there was a "solid foundation"
Laura Muir is one of six Scots in a 31-strong British Athletics team. Eilish McColgan, Eilidh Doyle and Steph Twell will also feature in Belgrade. Guy Learmonth and high jumper Allan Smith will also be competing. British Athletics performance director Neil Black is pleased with the team.
Labour said it would use funds from a tax on expensive UK homes for 1,000 extra medical staff in the Welsh NHS. Conservatives said Wales was the only part of the UK where health spending had been cut. Despite being a devolved issue, the NHS has featured prominently in the election campaign so far.
Figures obtained by BBC Scotland show Borders hospitals spent £3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacks. NHS Ayrshire and Arran and Dumfries and Galloway spent a similar amount. Some hospitals were sourcing 50% of their food from abroad.
The US tech giant sold 74.8 million iPhones in its fiscal first quarter, compared with 74.5 million a year ago. Apple said revenue for the next quarter would be between $50bn (Â£34bn; â‚¬46bn) and $53bn, below the $58bn it reported for the same period last year. This would mark Apple's first fall in revenues since it launched the iPhone.
Mr Sarao is accused of market manipulation that caused a 1,000-point fall on the US Dow Jones index in 2010. US prosecutors allege he made about $875,000 (Â£600,000) from the move. He faces 22 charges in the US, including fraud charges, all of which he denies.
Britain will play Argentina in the semi-finals of the Davis Cup. Leon Smith's side beat Japan and Serbia to reach the last four. The winner will play either France or Croatia in the final in November. Britain beat the USA and Australia at the venue last year to win the title.
The incident happened in September as Ms Bishop was travelling to the United Nations General Assembly in New York. The officer who conducted the pat-down was suspended and later reinstated. But a more senior officer who ordered the check has been sacked. The airport said the check had not been random.
Incident happened at the Edenderry Industrial Estate on the Crumlin Road. Four fire engines attended after a report that a 40 gallon drum had exploded. A man was taken to hospital with minor injuries. Health and Safety Executive is investigating the incident in Northern Ireland.
Stephen Beattie worked for Northumbria, Staffordshire and Cleveland forces. More than 350 of his cases, including suspicious deaths and arsons, have been reviewed. Crown Prosecution Service has said no criminal charges will be brought. He did receive an official caution in relation to a fraud offence.
The 30-year-old played for the county in 2011 and helped them reach the final of the domestic T20 competition and the Champions League semi-finals. Van der Nerwe previously played under Somerset director of cricket Matthew Maynard in the Caribbean Premier League, for St Lucia Zouks. He has represented South Africa at international level, but now plays for the Netherlands.
More than 3,600 firefighters are battling the King fire, 60 miles east of Sacramento. The blaze has consumed wide swathes of timber in Eldorado National Forest and is only 5% contained.Further north, a blaze destroyed parts of the town of Weed, burning 110 homes and damaging 90.
The money was raised by angel syndicate Equity Gap, along with venture capital firm Par Equity, US syndicate Aero-Den and the Scottish Investment Bank. The move has led to five new skilled jobs which have been filled by former oil and gas supply chain workers. The company said it planned to add further posts in the future.
The new polymer £5 note is slightly smaller than its paper predecessor. It continues to feature Sir Walter Scott and The Mound on the front, and a bridge theme on the back. Bank of Scotland also plans to replace its £10 paper note with a polymer version next year.
Boro remain second behind Burnley and ahead of Brighton on goal difference, with the league's top three sides equal on 87 points after 44 games. Sheffield Wednesday move nine points clear in the last remaining play-off spot with a 1-1 draw at Derby County. Ipswich keeper Bartosz Bialkowski made fine saves to keep Stewart Downing and Jordan Rhodes out before the break.
The Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has suspended the International Association of Athletics Federations' "hyperandrogenism" rules for two years. The rules will be scrapped if the IAAF cannot provide new evidence supporting them. Caster Semenya was the first female sprinter to reach a final at a global athletics event in 2013.
Four men, aged between 25 and 61, were arrested in Ashbourne, County Meath. 160 kilos of herbal cannabis was discovered, Garda said in a statement. It described the seizure as "significant" and said the drugs were "destined for the Irish market"
Netanyahu said the EU was the only major power to attach "political" conditions to its relationship with Israel. The EU has repeatedly condemned Israel's building of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank. His comments, made during a closed-session meeting in the Hungarian capital Budapest, were accidentally broadcast to reporters.
Mohammed Sarul Islam believes changing the name would generate publicity and act as a memorial. The former Cardiff councillor has put forward a petition calling on the Welsh Government to change the name. Assembly members will consider the petition, which gathered 16 signatures, on Tuesday.Previous suggestions include rebranding it the Robert Owen International Airport of Wales and Dylan Thomas International Airport Cardiff.
Penelope Davis, 47, was tending to her horses when she was attacked. Her body was found in a field on Leygreen Farm, Beaulieu on 2 September. A total of five people have been arrested in the case. The 36-year-old man, arrested over the killing, can be held until about 19:30 BST.
Brian Cookson led British Cycling for 17 years before becoming UCI president. Report into claims of bullying said British Cycling "lacked good governance" Cookson: "I'm not trying to dodge any of my responsibility. What I'm saying is there were other people with responsibilities as well"
Presenter Sarah Smith will put the questions you send in to the six guests. The politicians will tackle a range of subjects including the economy, welfare, defence, taxation, pensions and immigration.Representatives from Labour, the Liberal Democrats, the SNP, the Conservatives, Scottish Greens and UKIP will be in the studio panel.
Mr Valls said the British media and business classes needed to get past a "caricature" of France. He was speaking to a group of financiers and executives in the City of London. Earlier in the day, Mr Valls met David Cameron in Downing Street.
Cost of a wedding to be increased from £296 to £415. Cost of a funeral will rise from £102 to £160 from January next year. Comes after the General Synod rejected plans to increase fees by 50%. Bishop of Ripon and Leeds says the changes reflect the "reality" of the costs.
Gunners Joseph Rowbottom, 27, and Albert Venus, 22, from Hull, died on 24 May 1915 during the Second Battle of Ypres. Their remains were found during work on a new housing estate. Relatives attended Ypres Town Cemetery where their bodies were reinterred, in coffins draped with the union jack.
Mae'n golygu bod meddygon teulu yn cyfeirio'r claf yng Nghymru sydd ddim gyda symptomau clir yn disgwyl am gyfnod rhy hir am ddiagnosis, am nad ydyn nhw yn "ffitio'n hawdd" i unrhyw lwybr triniaeth benodol.
Mae'r camau wedi eu cynnwys yn y Mesur Diddymu Mawr, sy'n amlinellu sut y bydd miloedd o ddeddfau'r UE. Bydd gweinidogion yn San Steffan yn cymryd rheolaeth o'r dyletswyddau yn syth wedi Brexit.
The sites include an RAF base, barracks, ex-World War Two airfields and a chaplaincy centre. They also include two golf courses at RAF Henlow and Southwick Park in Hampshire. Network Rail has announced it will release land at almost 200 sites for 12,000 new homes by 2020.
The hosts had Josh Passley dismissed for bringing down Garry Thompson before Wycombe went ahead. Thompson later saw red for a challenge on Joss Labadie and the Daggers drew level through Luke Guttridge's tap in. Dagenham remain in the relegation places, while Wycombe move up to sixth spot.
Dawid Malan makes highest score by an England player on T20 debut. Chris Jordan takes 3-31 and Tom Curran takes 2-22 to restrict Proteas. AB de Villiers makes 39 and Mangaliso Mosehle 36 but South Africa manage 162-7.
The panther chameleon was found on Monday by a dog walker in Marl Park. X-rays showed all of its legs were broken and it had a deformed spine. RSPCA Cymru said it was an "extremely sad example of an abandoned and neglected exotic pet"
The Stone Roses, Calvin Harris and Red Hot Chili Peppers will headline the main stage over the three nights. Last year's event, the first at Strathallan in Perthshire, was criticised over traffic issues and antisocial behaviour. improvements include colour-coded zones, better signage and 24-hour dedicated management teams.
Australian ship Ocean Shield is first investigating a possible third signal elsewhere in the massive search zone. None has been confirmed as coming from the flight recorders of MH370. Families of the missing passengers have attended a prayer service in Kuala Lumpur. Investigators believe it crashed in the Indian Ocean although no confirmed debris has been found.
A number of games have been developed to raise awareness of mental health conditions and treat them. Depression Quest is designed as a realistic depiction of depression, rather than a form of treatment. The 3D fantasy game SPARX was developed in New Zealand and tested on hundreds of teenagers and children.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts and on Instagram at bbcnewsents. Have a story to share? Send it to us.
Kieran Innes, of Aberdeen, died after his car crashed on the A90 north of Forfar. Mr Innes was a coach with Middlefield Wasps FC. The club said in a statement: "He was a genuine nice guy and would do anything for anyone"
Sunderland midfielder Henderson has signed for Liverpool in a deal worth £20m. The 20-year-old has agreed a long-term deal with the Premier League club. The midfielder will provide competition in the Reds' midfield. Manchester United had been regarded as the long-time favourites to sign Henderson.
Vaughan joined Blues permanently from Huddersfield in the summer. The 28-year-old former Everton, Derby, Leicester and Norwich striker is the Premier League's youngest ever scorer at 16 years and 271 days. He can play against Walsall on Saturday.
The man collided with a black Vauxhall Insignia in Holyhead. He was taken to a hospital in Stoke but has died from his injuries. North Wales Police are investigating the incident and want to speak to witnesses of the collision. The incident happened at the junction of Wian Street and London Road at 12:30 BST.
AFC Wimbledon have reached agreement with Hollywood studio Fox 2000 for a film to be made about the club. American author John Green, who sponsors a stand at the Cherry Red Records Stadium, will co-produce the film. The film is in the early stages of development, with no script yet written or schedule for release.
There are renewed hopes that football can gain a toehold in the cricket-loving country. The country is hoping to host the Under-17 World Cup in 2017. Inter Milan has entered a joint football venture with Tata Tea to support a youth football tournament in India, covering 15 cities, 1,000 schools, and one million children.
Swansea came into the match without a win in six games and fell behind at Villa Park to a Jordan Ayew strike. But Sigurdsson's 25-yard free-kick got the visitors back on terms before Ayew's brother, Andre, nicked a late winner for Swansea.
Mick Fanning broke down in an interview after winning his quarter-final heat. He later posted on social media that it was one of the most challenging days of his life. Brazilian Adriano de Souza paid tribute to Fanning saying "he deserved it more than me" Fanning's other brother, Sean, died in a car accident in 1998.
Dylan Groenewegen wins the opening stage of the Tour de Yorkshire. Australia's Caleb Ewan finishes second with Briton Chris Opie third. Britain's Adam Blythe also finishes in the top 10, placing eighth. Saturday's second stage will start on the bridge in Tadcaster that has been rebuilt after being damaged by floods.
Greece is struggling with huge debts and it's affecting the lives of lots of people. Newsround reporter Ricky has been to Athens to meet children and find out how things have changed for them. He met up with Ioanis Pavlos and Stergios and their family to hear what life is like.
Man, in his 40s, was arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun. Residents from two blocks of flats were evacuated but have since been allowed home. Officers had been alerted at 06:20 GMT to a man "in possession of what looked like a firearm"
The Palestinian delegation wants Fifa to suspend Israel from world football. The issue has been raised in previous years but some sort of deal was worked out to prevent the issue from coming to a vote. The Palestinians are pursuing a strategy they call "internationalisation" - bringing their grievances against Israel into as many international arenas as possible.
HS2 Ltd, the company behind the rail link from London to northern England, last week said the redevelopment of the station would finish in 2033. Sir Keir Starmer, MP for Holborn and St Pancras, said those living nearby faced "decades of blight" from construction. But the HS2 minister said the area would benefit from the redevelopment.
There are currently plans for more than 4,000 student 'beds' to be developed in Belfast over the next few years. It is a joint venture between Lacuna Developments, based in Holywood, County Down, and the Welsh firm Watkin Jones. Most of the planned student accommodation is on the northern edge of the city centre.
£1.471bn spent shooting movies like Star Wars: The Force Awakens and Avengers: Age of Ultron in 2014. Money spent on homegrown UK films also increased, with £188m spent making films budgeted at £500,000 and above. Box office takings, though, were down 2% on the previous year.
The Ten Pieces project was announced last year as part of an initiative to inspire primary school children to learn more about classical music. The BBC National Orchestra of Wales will play the original 10 pieces of music, which include Mozart, Handel and Holst. The full 2015 BBC Proms season will be announced in April.
The 22-year-old clocked 19.95 seconds at the Southeastern Conference (SEC) Championships in Tuscaloosa, Alabama. John Regis set the British record of 19.94 in 1993, while Adam Gemili is the only other Brit to go sub 20.
Guinea finish bottom of Group A having needed a win against Argentina to have any chance of progressing. England advanced to the last 16 with a 1-0 win over South Korea, who also go through. Marcelo Torres opened the scoring for Argentina after 33 minutes. Lautaro Martinez added a second just before half-time.
Police said three 15-year-olds, two 16- year-olds struck 14 times in less than a month. They have been given sentences of between five years and six months at youth offenders institutions. All pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob and conspiracy to possess an imitation firearm.
John Nelms says a land use application will soon be submitted with the local council for land in Camperdown Park. He and fellow American owner Tim Keyes recently bought 29 acres of land there, near the city's Ice Arena. The club revealed an operating loss of £530,000 to 31 May.
Serena Williams wins her 23rd Grand Slam singles title in Melbourne. The 35-year-old beats her sister Venus 6-4, 6-3 in the Australian Open final. Serena now has more Grand Slam titles than anyone who has ever played the game. Margaret Court is the only player still ahead of Serena in the all-time list.
Coronation Street wins TV soap of the year award for the third year running. Strictly Come Dancing, Pointless and Silent Witness also recognised. Capital Radio's breakfast show named best digital radio programme. Radio 2's Chris Evans won the digital radio personality prize. The Tric Awards are voted for by members of the TV and radio industries.
The City Deal scheme will see eight council areas around Glasgow receive about £1bn from the UK and Scottish governments. The councils also have the power to borrow extra cash. Councillors from across all eight areas will meet to discuss some of the schemes. They include a new water sports park, railway station and a sliproad from the M77.
The party currently has one Welsh councillor and 50 confirmed candidates. "We are focusing on reducing fuel bills through local selling of locally-generated renewable energy," leader Grenville Ham said. "My vision is to cut out the exploitative middle man in energy production and delivery," he said.
Fosse Park, near junction 21 of the M1, opened in 1989 and was bought in August for Â£345.5m. New owners have met with Blaby District Council to clear up "potential planning questions" Council leader Ernie White: "I think it could be a better view when you come into the city"
Scotland face Afghanistan in a two-match ODI series starting on Monday. It is the first time the two sides have met since the ICC World T20 in March. Afghanistan are ranked 10th in the world, while Scotland are 10th. Batsman Coetzer believes the Scots have the strongest squad they have ever had.
Auctioneers said a telephone bidder, who wanted to remain anonymous, was the successful buyer after a "bidding war" The three-bedroom house had been given a guide price of between £150,000 and £250,000. The property has a rear yard and is a few streets away from Penny Lane, made famous by The Beatles.
The medal belonged to Pte William John Boaden of the 3rd Battalion Devonshire Regiment. It was found in a field in Porthcawl by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts. The medal is badly damaged but his name and regimental number are still visible.
John Culshaw, 26, was stabbed to death in Wigan in 1993. His family buried him believing his body was intact. His stomach, liver and other tissues were retained by Greater Manchester Police. Dozens of other families have been told their loved ones' body parts were kept by the force.
The 24-year-old midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining Posh from League Two side Crewe. He had an operation on Saturday and is expected to be out until November. McCann also confirmed that Posh had not taken up the option to sign trialist striker Morgan Ferrier.
The Shanghai Composite was down 1.2% to 4,565.25. Analysts cite a number of reasons for the drop including brokerages tightening lending requirements on margin financing. Another wave of new share offerings due next week is also expected to remove liquidity from the market. A state-owned investment firm also said it sold shares in the top four banks.
Gareth Davies says regions have "upped the ante" over Scott Williams' contract. Wales international's current contract ends next summer. At least one other Welsh region has shown an interest in Williams. But it appears that the player will stay in Wales, with a region paying his contract in full.
Parcels containing cannabis and so-called legal highs were removed at HMP Altcourse in Liverpool. The contraband had become lodged on the 60ft (18m) roof after attempts were made to throw it over the prison walls. Prison spokesman said the crane is now being used as a deterrent, "a bit like visible police street patrols"
The accident happened on the A6094 at Rosewell at about 22:40 on Thursday. Charles Howden, 64 and Fiona Stanley, 59 both from Newtongrange, died. Their families said they were "much loved by all those whose lives they touched" Officers are carrying out inquiries into the full circumstances surrounding the collision.
Steve Freer and Val Wawrosz founded Tempus Novo to find jobs for ex-offenders. The pair used to work together in HM Prison Leeds. More than 100,000 crimes are committed annually by former prisoners. Justice Secretary Liz Truss wants to improve education and skills in prisons.
Morelos is among the worst-affected states in Mexico's drug-related violence. The rural grave consists of two 10m (33ft) deep pits. Experts from the Autonomous University of the state of Morelos have been called in to help with DNA testing. The exhumation is expected to take about five days.
US researchers analysed 266 populations of plants and animals. Amphibians, reptiles and plants are particularly vulnerable to climate change. Tropical species are at higher risk than those in temperate zones. Some animals might be able to move geographically to cope with rising temperatures. But others live in isolated areas where they cannot move.
The Â£1.1bn M4 proposal would cross four SSSIs along the Gwent Levels. Welsh Government lawyers argued environmental concerns had to be balanced against other interests. The scheme would mean about 105 hectares of designated land, set aside for the protection of water invertebrates would have to be lost.
Sterling dropped 0.5% against the dollar to trade at $1.2872. It also shed a similar amount against the euro to 1.1844 euros. The FTSE 100 index closed almost flat, up 1.4 points at 7,386.6.
Sir Martin Moore-Bick sent the letter late on Thursday following weeks of discussion with survivors. There has been controversy over Sir Martin's suitability for the role and the areas the inquiry will cover. The prime minister will set out the terms of reference for the process in the coming weeks.
The man is said to have been trying to gather details about a German parliamentary committee that is investigating claims of US espionage. German authorities have asked the US ambassador for "swift clarification" The US National Security Agency (NSA) was last year accused of bugging the phone of Chancellor Angela Merkel as part of a huge surveillance programme.
Wednesday's matinee was curtailed before that evening's show was called off completely. Thursday's performance will go ahead as scheduled at London's Cambridge Theatre. Ticket holders for both shows will be offered refunds, a show representative has confirmed. The Royal Shakespeare Company's production is based on Roald Dahl's popular children's novel.
CAS describe the level of complaints in 2012/2013 as "unprecedented" Over 3,653 parking enquires - an increase of 50% on the previous year. There is currently no specific legislation or regulations regarding parking on private land in Scotland. Nor is there a system of appeal, unlike in England and Wales.
The party's Anna McMorrin polled 26,081 votes with the Tories' Craig Williams on 21,907. But Tory Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns narrowly held on to his Vale of Glamorgan seat. Owen Smith had more than double the number of votes of Conservative Juliette Ash in Pontypridd.
European markets mixed in morning trading, after Asia had recorded earlier gains. Syriza party, which rejected the bailout terms and came a close second, said it would lead the opposition. New Democracy leader Antonis Samaras said Greeks had chosen to stay in the euro and called for a "national salvation government"
Opec agreed to cut production at a meeting in Algiers. Traders thought the result would be more disarray, as there was in April. But the group has a lot of work to do before it has a real and sustained impact on the price. Opec doesn't account for the whole market by a long way, but it can move it by cutting production.
Argentina take on Switzerland in the World Cup last-16 in Sao Paulo. Lionel Messi has scored in all three of Argentina's games at the tournament. Switzerland striker Mehmedi says too much is talked about Messi. The 23-year-old says his side are not going to make up the numbers.
David Cameron is appealing to Aston Martin to locate production of its new 4x4 model to south Wales. If Aston go with the Vale of Glamorgan, he can claim the credit which, I have no doubt, will deeply annoy the Welsh government. Cameron was particularly dismissive of Carwyn Jones' claim this week that some of the Tory spending plans were nigh on impossible to achieve.
The incident happened at the Aberdeen Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay. Police described the incident as "disgraceful" The Crown Office said a report had been received about a 35-year-old man. After consideration of the case it had been decided there should be no proceedings taken at this time.
McAllister missed most of pre-season after ankle surgery. The 25-year-old is yet to feature for Shrewsbury this season. Jebb, 19, made 21 appearances for the Gunners' under-18 side last term. He is an England Under-17s international.
Caste on the Menu Card was the only film among 35 sent to India's information and broadcasting ministry to be refused clearance. Festival director Manoj Mathews said he was "disturbed and disappointed" by the decision. Ministry officials said they had not received "adequate information" about the film.
Experts reassembled pieces of tiles found amid tons of earth from the site known to Jews as the Temple Mount. They say the tiles date from the period of the Second Temple, during the time of King Herod about 2,000 years ago. The temple was destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD during a Jewish rebellion.
UK food and drink exports rose 8.5% to £10.2bn, the Food and Drink Federation said. Whisky remained the top export, while salmon was second, and beer third. The pound has fallen sharply against the dollar and euro since the UK voted to leave the EU.
Wycombe face a 430-mile round trip to two-time winners Blackpool. League One strugglers Coventry play Brighton Under-21s at the Ricoh Arena. Luton, winners of the competition in 2009, take on 2012 champions Chesterfield. Mansfield will host the winner of Walsall v Oldham.
Nicole Ferguson, 27, from Fergleen Park in Derry, pleaded guilty to stealing the money from the Ferryquay Street branch of Cancer Research UK. The offence was committed between 21 March and 24 July 2014. Ferguson has been released on bail until she is sentenced in February.
Identity theft is the most prevalent form of fraud for the first time since the recession. One in six victims are young tenants, according to credit reference agency Experian. Wealthy couples are next on the list of victims, with card and loan fraud. High Street banks and the police are running a campaign to make customers more aware of the threat of fraud.
Police were called to an address in Holland Street at about 16:15 on Wednesday. They found the body of James Chadwick, who had a number of unexplained injuries. Officers have been carrying out door-to-door inquiries and reviewing CCTV images. The death is now being treated as murder.
Operation Titan was set-up to investigate public order-related incidents since 12 July. Two hundred and sixty people have already been convicted. The officer in charge of Operation Titan, Det Supt Sean Wright, appealed for anyone taking part in planned protests to do so lawfully and peacefully.
David Buchanan, 18, admitted two counts of hacking and one of impairing the operation of or hindering access to a computer. The charges refer to "computer intrusion and damage to network profiles" in July and August 2015. Mr Buchanan will be sentenced on 2 August at Guildford Magistrates' Court.
Janet Jordon, 48, her daughter Derrin, aged six, and her partner Philip Howard, 44, were found in a house in Vicarage Road, Didcot, on 23 May. The body of murder suspect Jed Allen, 21, was found two days later in woodland near Marston Ferry Road, Oxford.
Wales' 22 councils pay a total of £4.1bn in council tax in 2017/18. Council tax is based on the value of a property in the area. The higher the property's value, the more council tax is paid. The more expensive a property is, the higher the council tax.
Collins' collection includes a fringed leather pouch used by Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie's legendary knife. Texas Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson is campaigning for a new historical centre to house Collins' collection. The Grammy and Academy Award winner's collection includes more than 200 items and is thought to be the largest in private hands.
Trinity led 16-10 at the break after tries from former Cas centre Joe Arundel (2) and stand-off Jacob Miller. Cas had mustered two first-half scores by Greg Minikin and Oliver Holmes. But they added six more after the break through Andre Savelio, Luke Gale, Junior Moors, Ryan Hampshire, Minik in and Holmes.
United trail Kilmarnock by five points with six games left to play. The Ayrshire side host St Johnstone and Inverness Caledonian Thistle visit Tannadice on Saturday. United manager Paatelainen does not rule out Hamilton Academical being drawn into the relegation battle.
The 5ft-long (1.5m) reptile has become the talk of Pakefield, near Lowestoft. Owner Mike Hamilton said he had tried to entice it down but his iguana was "living the life of Riley" The "toilet-trained, ever-so friendly" pet would return when ready, he added.
Little Mix- Syco Music, Stormzy- Merky Records, Katy Perry- Warner, Bruno Mars- Atlantic Records, Ed Sheeran- Atlantic records, Robbie Williams- EMI and pictures from Brit Awards Ltd. Brits will be held at the O2 Arena in London on March 26.
The main structure of the spacecraft was moved this week from the UK factory where it has been for a year. The European Space Agency satellite is due for launch in 2012 on a Soyuz rocket from the new Sinnamary spaceport in French Guiana. Its billion-pixel camera system will give scientists an unprecedented 3D map of the sky.
Susan Fowler, a software engineer, wrote a blog post about a "very, very strange year at Uber" She says her manager tried to have sex with her on her first official day at work, sending her messages about his open relationship. But is Uber really any more sexist than other tech giants in the Valley?
Manchester United were set to sign Real Madrid keeper Keylor Navas. But the deal collapsed due to a technical glitch at the Madrid end. United say they have a receipt that proves they submitted the relevant documents in time. It remains to be seen whether Real will appeal to world governing body Fifa.
There is widespread concern that by tackling one threat, terrorism, the Americans could be fuelling another, even more serious problem. If lithium-ion batteries are damaged or short-circuited they make a hell of a bang. The more cells you have bunched together, the bigger the fire.
Files were found on a computer dumped in a rubbish bin, a well-placed source confirmed. The computer also included a final message from one of the airport bombers, Ibrahim el-Bakraoui. The discovery of the computer emerged the day after the Brussels attacks. It had been abandoned in a bin in the Brussels area of Schaerbeek.
Deng Zhengjia, in his 50s, died on Wednesday in Chenzhou City, Hunan. He was hit with a weight from a set of scales after a row erupted with chengguan officials. The row in Linwu county, Chenzhou, erupted after Mr Deng and his wife tried to sell home-grown watermelons.
The 23-year-old made her senior international debut in 2012. Middag has scored 15 goals in 94 appearances for Ajax since joining them. She says she is looking forward to playing against clubs from France and Germany in the Champions League, which starts in May.
Netherlands striker had scored the opening goal in the Turkish side's 3-1 win. He told followers on Instagram that he had torn his eyelid. Club doctor Burak Kunduracioglu had earlier sought to play down fears the player had suffered a serious eye injury, saying: "He received a blow to the eye and suffered a torn eyelid and bleeding"
Luton threatened sporadically in the opening half hour, Jonathan Smith volleying over and Jordan Cook narrowly missing the target with a 30-yard free kick. Exeter goalkeeper Bobby Olejnik made a fine save to keep out Jack Marriott's header, before Hylton missed the follow-up. The visitors took the lead just before the hour mark when Jack Stacey teed up Jake Taylor to calmly beat Macey.
Lamar's new album, Untitled Unmastered, is out now on all major streaming services. It is filled with jazz solos and politically-charged lyrics, rather than a standalone record. All of the tracks are untitled, save for the date they were recorded. Its appearance seems to have been prompted by basketball star LeBron James.
There are over 200 sculptures, the biggest of which is a Star Wars themed spectacle. Organisers expect more than two million people to visit the festival, which runs from now until 11 February. Watch the clip to see some of the sculptures from yourself... Click here for more information on the festival.
The head of city centre regeneration is set to receive the largest increase of 20%, leading to a salary of £75,000. Seven other senior bosses could earn a pay rise of about 7%. The Taxpayers' Alliance said people wanted to see lower council tax rates, not large pay rises for bosses.
Bill C-210 has passed two readings in the House of Commons. It would change the lyrics to "in all of us command" The bill is backed by the Liberal government and will reach the Senate soon. A similar idea was rejected in 2010 by the Conservatives, who held the majority in parliament.
Larry Nassar, 53, is accused by more than 60 former patients and athletes of sexual abuse during pelvic procedures. Judge Donald Allen ordered him to stand trial on three counts of first-degree criminal sexual conduct with a person under 13 years old. The unnamed woman, who was neither a patient nor an athlete, testified against him for more than two hours on Friday.
Alice Wheeldon was found guilty of a poison plot against David Lloyd George in 1917. The mother of four supported the suffragette movement and was a conscientious objector to World War I. Her former home is being marked with a plaque in a ceremony organised by Derby Civic Society and the city council.
David Thomas, 50, and his son Stephen, 17, from Swindon were among those who died. Stephen's mother Julie was rescued from the Leviathan ll. Nigel Hooker, 63, from Southampton, Salford-born Jack Slater, 76, and Katie Taylor, 29, also died.
Ko shot eight birdies in a final round of 63 to finish on 16 under par. The world number two is 18 years, four months and 20 days old. The previous record was held by Morgan Pressel, who was 18 in 2007. Lee Mi-hyang finished tied for fourth place, nine shots behind Ko.
The 22-year-old Algeria international moved to the German side on a season-long loan in August. He has agreed a four-year deal with the Gelsenkirchen team, although neither club has revealed details of any fee. Bentaleb had made 66 appearances for Spurs since joining as a teenager.
Adam Wilson, of Lostock Hall, was found with serious injuries. Jason Taylor, 21, denied murder but was found guilty after a trial by jury. He was ordered to serve a minimum of 25 years at Preston Court. Mr Wilson died as a result of catastrophic bleeding from a stab wound in his thigh.
Dundee United were reduced to ten men when former Rovers defender Lewis Toshney was sent off in 55 minutes. Norwich City's on-loan striker Andreu was denied from the spot by a brilliant save from Raith keeper Kevin Cuthbert 15 minutes from time. The Tangerines struggled to make clear cut chances but with 15 minutes to go Scott Fraser went down in the box.
Net profit at Germany's biggest lender fell 98% to €20m (£16.7m), compared with €796m for the same period in 2015. Chief executive John Cryan said: "If the current weak economic environment persists, we will need to be yet more ambitious in the timing and intensity of our restructuring"
Argos like-for-like sales fell 1.1% in the eight weeks to 27 February. Sainsbury's and Steinhoff have until 18 March to make firm bids for Argos. Home Retail recently sold its DIY chain Homebase to Australia's Wesfarmers for £340m.
The'market for revolution' cannot clear if the army is both able and willing to use overwhelming force. Both South Korea's army in 1987 and Egypt's this year could have put up stiff resistance. The answer lies in civil-military dynamics. Armies that have their own identity often choose to manage political transition rather than simply squelch it.
Singer was due to be a featured singer on Michael Jackson's ill-fated This Is It tour. Her efforts to launch a solo career were documented in the Oscar-winning film 20 Feet From Stardom. The catalyst for her solo career turned out to be Prince - who invited her to record an album at his Paisley Park Studios.
Plymouth based cyclist Jonathan Tiernan-Locke was among the riders. The Sky Ride offered families the chance to cycle a 5 mile (8km) tour of the city. The Gran Fondo was in the city for the first time, giving riders the option of taking on a 100 mile (160km) course or a 37 mile (60km) route.
Katari Anuradha was shot and stabbed by at least three men wearing burkas. Her husband, who was with her, is in a critical condition with bullet and stab injuries. The attack took place at the Chittoor Municipal Corporation office. Police are exploring several angles, including old rivalry and new enemies.
PC Gareth Browning, 33, was on foot in Whitley, Reading on 30 November. He was hit by a black Mazda Aerosport driven by Luke Haywood, 28. Haywood admitted causing grievous bodily harm with intent and dangerous driving. He is currently serving a prison sentence for separate burglary offences.
Police and other emergency services responded to reports of a man in difficulty. Incident took place as a yacht racing event was being held in the area. The man was brought ashore but died at the scene. Police said no further details would be released until he has been formally identified.
Alice Ruggles, 24, was found with her throat cut in her Gateshead flat. Trimaan Dhillon, a lance corporal in the Army, denies murder. His ex-girlfriend told police she felt 'terrified' of him days before her death. Her sister Emma told Newcastle Crown Court she felt police would not act.
The Nottingham Pram Company made pushchairs and perambulators from a factory in the city. All the items, including a Victorian pram made between 1880 and 1885, belonged to John Whitby, who ran the firm for 55 years. The 15 lots sold for £6,700, exceeding the expected £2,500 price tag.
Motorcyclist Leighton Santos, 22, admitted causing David Hitchen's death. He was jailed for six months at Preston Crown Court on Monday. The maximum sentence is five years, but this can be reduced by a guilty plea. Road safety charity Brake said there was a "need to see much tougher sentences"
Chris Dent's 100 was the backbone of Gloucestershire's total of 260 all out. Jamie Overton and Tim Groenewald put on 65 for the last wicket to win the match. It was the second highest 10th-wicket stand to win a one-day match in England.
Figures obtained by the BBC show more than 4,000 cases since 2013. It is illegal to possess, take or distribute sexual images of someone who is under 18. A five-year-old boy is the youngest person to be investigated for sexting. Most common age of those involved is 13 or 14.
Robert Boyd-Stevenson, 38, admitted making a bomb threat last year. He texted threats to a phone linked to the airport in Bristol. The airport had been evacuated in a separate incident days earlier. He was sentenced at Bristol Crown Court on Thursday after admitting his guilt.
England have a first-innings lead of 122 against Australia. Ian Bell and Joe Root both scored 60 and Ben Stokes 42. Mark Wood's unbeaten 32 helped England reach 289 all out. Australia need 412 to win in their second innings at Cardiff. Only two teams in Test history have successfully chased that many runs.
The 29-year-old Tongan joined the Giants from New Zealand Warriors in September 2012. Ta'ai was ever-present in the 2016 season. "The fans are fantastic and I am excited to be given the chance to stay here for another two years," he said.
Three new phones from Lenovo and Acer contain cells with 4,000 milliamp-hour (mAh) capacities. That is more than a third higher than the components used in Samsung and Apple's latest flagship phones. Lenovo says its new K80 offers up to 33 hours of talk-time and its A5000 up to 35 hours.
Processed meat has been modified to extend its shelf life or change the taste. The main methods are smoking, curing, or adding salt or preservatives. The World Cancer Research Fund charity argues for "as little as possible" processed meat and 500g of cooked red meat per week.
Members of the RMT union will walk out at 11:00 BST on 26 April and at the same time on 10 and 12 May. Union is against plans for a new grade of on-board supervisor and proposals for drivers to operate doors. Govia Thameslink said there would be no job losses or cuts in salary.
The new paramilitary group is believed to have been formed from an amalgamation of previously disparate dissident republican organisations. Mr Black was shot as he drove to work on the M1 in County Armagh on 1 November. He was the first prison officer to be murdered in Northern Ireland in almost 20 years.
The UK proposal would grant EU migrants who had lived in the UK for five years a new "UK settled status" That would allow them to stay in the country and access health, education and other benefits. Merkel said there were "many, many other questions" about Brexit and there was "still a lot to do"
The South Korean, 23, bogeyed the 18th hole to finish on 17 under alongside 26-year-old Solheim Cup player Ciganda. Kim then birdied the par-four 18th in the play-off to seal her second LPGA title this season - after March's JTBC Founders Cup.
Rose Morelli, 17, took the photo as part of an art project. She and Alex Elliot chose the image after being moved by the case of US teenager Leelah Alcorn who took her own life in December. Gay rights activist group Arcigay alerted her after she posted it online. Fratelli d'Italia said the use of the photo had been "improper"
Shauna Coxsey finished behind Janja Garnbret in Chongqing, China. The 24-year-old became Britain's first champion in the event's 17-year history. Sport climbing is one of five new sports confirmed for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics. Coxsey still leads the overall rankings with five more events to take place.
Dairy Crest processes and delivers around 1.3 billion litres of milk a year for retailers and homes. The dairies business accounts for about 70% of the company's revenues, which rose 1% to Â£682.1m in the six months to September. The sale still needs shareholder approval and could take several months.
Visa figures show overall spending was 08% lower than in 2016. Spending at hotels and restaurants rose at an annual rate of 3.3%. But even though so-called "experiences" spending rose, the figures suggest people are still being careful. Official figures showed wage growth behind inflation for the first time since mid-2014.
Bob Walker was struck by the sliding doors when his crutch was trapped. Great Western Railway said it was investigating why the help he had arranged did not arrive. Mr Walker said he suffered a loss of dignity and did not want others to suffer in the same way. Scope said families were facing significant barriers when using public transport across the country.
The fountain was built to celebrate the Queen's 60th birthday. It had to be switched off due to a lack of water. It will now be used for the Olympic torch relay in July. The water will come from a natural source. The council says it is a'sustainable' solution.
#BritinSpace, #Principia - the name of the six-month mission - and #TimPeake are all trending on Twitter. The former Army helicopter pilot and two fellow crew members will launch to the International Space Station on a landmark flight from Baikonur Cosmodrome, in Kazakhstan.
The 27-year-old Polish man was discovered at a property in Boston. Three men were arrested on Saturday in Larkspur Croft, where a firearm was recovered. Lincolnshire Police said the shooting may have been planned. The man has been treated at Queen's Medical Centre, Nottingham.
Fernando Alonso wins his third race of the season to extend his championship lead to 34 points. McLaren's Jenson Button finishes second with Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel third. Vettel was given a 20-second penalty for overtaking Button on the penultimate lap. Lewis Hamilton retires with gearbox damage after early puncture.
Rivers burst their banks, destroying buildings and roads. More than 50cm (20in) of rain fell over a 12-hour period on Wednesday. About 12,000 police, military, firefighters and coast guard personnel are taking part in the rescue operation. The worst-hit areas are in Fukuoka prefecture.
Broadcasters are looking for ways to harness this trend to keep viewers engaged. FX UK created a companion app for series two of The Walking Dead. The app lets you predict how many zombies will bite the dust during each episode. Magic Ruby is looking at new ways of making money from these apps.
Waddington and Davies were two of 11 players signed on one day. Both made two appearances for the Scottish Premiership club. Waddington made one start, against Greenock Morton in the Challenge Cup. Davies played against Berwick Rangers and Albion Rovers in the Premiership.
More than 1,000 pups have been born at Blakeney Point in the past year. The site is a popular spot for visitors to the north Norfolk coast. The National Trust has warned people to keep their dogs on leads. The number of pups expected to be born this year is expected to rise.
Government records from the 17th Century show gibbons were once widespread. The apes began to disappear from the documents about 150 years ago, corresponding with population growth. Hainan gibbons are now limited to a few isolated patches of forest in the south west of China. They live in four social groups, one of which was only discovered a few weeks ago.
MPs approve VAT rise by 321 to 246, a government majority of 75. A Labour-backed amendment calling for the move to be delayed was also defeated. Ministers have said the tax rise is "unavoidable" to reduce the deficit. But neither the Conservatives, Labour nor the Lib Dems ruled out raising VAT before the election.
Welsh government calls on Westminster to address the impact of high energy prices on industry. Party's economy spokesman Rhun ap Iorwerth warns of deeper problems across a range of industries. Gross Value Added figures show the so-called foundation industries in Wales have suffered a 39% decline in the five years to 2013.
The council plans to build at least 830 new homes in the Ancoats area of the city and neighbouring New Islington. The homes will be rented out privately once built. The plan will help the city meet its target to build tens of thousands of homes by 2027.
Liverpool face Chelsea at Anfield on Saturday in the Premier League. Brendan Rodgers' side are yet to win a game this season. The Reds are struggling to score goals and look pedestrian at the back. Rodgers has not bought the right strikers to fit his system, says Savage. Liverpool can still qualify for the Champions League knockout stages.
The world number one, 32, beat Waters 11-2 11-5 11-4 in just 24 minutes at the National Squash Centre. "I am really happy that I played well all week to win the title again," she told the tournament website. Nick Matthew beat James Willstrop to win his eighth British title.
Jeremy Corbyn has suspended the Labour leader over his comments about Hitler and anti-Semitism. But the problem for the leader doesn't end with that act. Labour has been slow and clumsy in closing down cases of anti-Semitic among its members when they emerge. Public denials that there is even a issue could make it even worse.
Frozen 2 will reunite the team behind the original feature. The studio did not name a release date. The film made $1.27bn (Â£857m) at box offices worldwide. The soundtrack sold more than any other album in the US in December.
Wembley will host the Women's Champions League final on May 13. The attendance is set to surpass the 32,912 that saw Arsenal Ladies beat Chelsea 1-0 in the 2016 final. Birmingham won the trophy at Ashton Gate in 2012, in front of fewer than 9,000 people.
Pyongyang said it fired the rocket to place a satellite in orbit - but critics believe the real purpose was to test a ballistic missile. Sunday's launch comes weeks after North Korea held a fourth nuclear test - both acts violate UN resolutions. US Ambassador to the UN Samantha Power said Washington would now "ensure that the Security Council imposes serious consequences" on Pyongyang.
Liam Feeney gave Burnley the lead in the first half at the Macron Stadium. Andre Gray equalised for the Trotters in the second half. The 24-year-old grabbed his 20th of the season in the 85th minute. Burnley are now one point clear of Hull City and Middlesbrough in the Championship.
Lancashire batted throughout all three sessions to reach 311-8 at the close of play. England's Stuart Broad took 3-57, as did fellow paceman Jake Ball. Alex Davies, 48 from Alviro Petersen and then Liam Livingstone's 63 not out helped the home side end the day on top.
Laura Muir won the one-mile event nine days after sealing the Diamond League title. David Rudisha held off Ireland's Mark English for victory in the 500m. James Dasaolu won the 100m in a photo finish with fellow Briton Chijindu Ujah. Desiree Henry set a new British record of 16.57 seconds in the women's 150m.
Dorothy Cruickshank was one of six people taken to hospital after the two-car collision on the A90 at the Toll of Birness junction on 5 April. A statement from her family said: "We'll be lost without her" Police Scotland have said a report on the crash will be sent to the procurator fiscal.
Dog poo is dangerous because it contains high levels of bacteria. If it gets into water it can be very bad for bathers' health. Almost 4,500 volunteers took part in the survey by The Marine Conservation Society - across 335 UK beaches. Overall litter levels were down this year.
The 35-year-old centre-half will be banned for two games because it was his second dismissal of the season. That rules him out of Chelsea's final two Premier League fixtures, against Liverpool and champions Leicester. "It's sad, it would have been lovely to have had him in our last game at home," said Chelsea manager Gus Hiddink.
Gang involved in thefts and an attempted theft at Durham University Oriental Museum. Detectives believed they could have fetched up to £57m ($79m) on the "booming" Chinese auction market. Ten others, dubbed the "Rathkeale Rovers" were convicted at earlier hearings.
In Tanzania, campaigning for the October general election began on Sunday. In Uganda, President Museveni and his National Resistance Movement are getting ready to battle it out with the opposition in the run-up to elections in 2016. Across the border in Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza is faced with dangerous tensions stirred up by his recent re-election.
The IMF and the World Bank were conceived in 1944 at a conference in Bretton Woods, New Hampshire. They were set up to drive post-war recovery, but over time their focus has switched to the developing world. The IMF is funded by a charge - known as a "quota" - paid by member nations.
Michael Cullen, 50, completed the 11-day challenge ahead of his team's FA Cup semi-final against Manchester United on Saturday. He has now raised more than £53,000 for the Woodlands Hospice in Liverpool. Mr Cullen previously raised £30,000 after swimming the English Channel.
Villa manager says his side "came up short" against Arsenal. Sherwood says his players "need to learn how to be winners" The 46-year-old took over in February with Villa in the bottom three. Arsenal won their 12th FA Cup with a 2-0 victory at Wembley.
Glasgow lose to Edinburgh in the 1872 Cup quarter-finals. The result means the Scottish champions miss out on a place in the semi-finals for the first time in their history. Head coach Gregor Townsend says he will miss his time at the club. He will take over as Scotland coach for a tour of Australia and Fiji.
Clydeside's largest shipyard was founded in 1864 by William Elder. At its peak before World War 1, the Fairfield shipyard employed 70,000 workers. The yard passed to BAE Systems in 1999 and has found work over the past decade.
Adele Bellis, then 22, lost an ear and was left with "life-changing" scarring. The attack, at a bus stop in Lowestoft, Suffolk, was ordered by her ex-boyfriend. Jason Harrison, 39, admits the attack and said Mr Riley promised to reduce a drugs debt. Mr Riley denies false imprisonment and conspiracy to cause GBH with intent.
Harry Kane scored both goals as Tottenham beat Arsenal 2-1 at White Hart Lane. The 21-year-old has scored 22 goals in 34 matches for Spurs this season. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger said England should select Kane. Former England international Chris Murphy said Kane should be selected.
The world number four fought back from 5-3 down to win in straight sets. Murray hit 14 winners to his opponent's 25, but made 26 unforced errors. He now faces eighth seed Gilles Simon, who beat Nicolas Mahut 6-3 6-2.
Andre Cassagnes came up with the idea for the mechanical toy in the late 1950s. Etch A Sketch allows children to draw something and shake it away to start again. It was picked up by the Ohio Art Company at a toy fair in 1959 and went on to sell more than 100 million copies.
Business Secretary Sajid Javid said he would start "exploring options" to bring in private investors. The bank, thought to be the first of its kind, has invested about £2bn of public money in about 50 projects. Critics called the sale "reckless" and questioned the government's commitment to a low-carbon economy.
The first of six boxes was unveiled on Tottenham Court Road this week. Users will be shown adverts as they wait for their phone to charge. The boxes have had a makeover for the project - painted green and fitted with a roof-mounted 86cm solar panel. Five more boxes will be rolled out by April 2015.
Samsung has said it will take "all measures" to get the devices back. Users will be offered the choice of either getting all their money back or swapping the phablet for an older, smaller-screened Galaxy S7 or S7 Edge phone. A compensation scheme is being put in place.
The 75-year-old, from London, admitted the abuse of 11 boys as young as eight. Denning, who was arrested in a police inquiry into the Walton Hop Disco, will be sentenced on 6 October. He is currently serving a 13-year jail term for sexual assaults against 24 victims aged nine to 16.
The robot has now been on Mars for three Earth years. It is currently climbing through what's known as Mount Sharp. Nasa is trying to take one at every location where the robot drills into the surface of the red planet. The pictures must then be stitched together to make this final scene.
Ann Clwyd criticised Cardiff and Vale University Health Board, claiming Owen Roberts died "like a battery hen" Independent investigation did find he died of hospital-induced pneumonia. Results of the review show nine of her allegations were entirely upheld and one partially. But 17 were rejected, 11 were not upheld due to insufficient evidence and two were rejected because of insufficient information.
Two 19-year-old men have been arrested on suspicion of murder. The teenager was stabbed on Stothard Road, Lockleaze, at about 5:50 GMT. He was taken to Southmead hospital with knife wounds, but died of his injuries. Avon and Somerset Police said the men remained in custody.
Ofsted says it has found evidence of children being taught in squalid conditions in three places in Birmingham which have now closed. Anyone running illegal schools could face a jail term of up to 51 weeks. Ministers are also consulting on plans for more regulation of places teaching for more than 6 to 8 hours a week.
The vote focused on the proposed £140m plan - backed by £50m from businessman Sir Ian Wood - to transform the historic Union Terrace Gardens. There were 45,301 votes in favour with 41,175 votes against. New proposals from the Independent Alliance Group were backed by 22, with 20 against and one abstention.
Lt Cdr Malcolm Wanklyn spent part of his childhood at Knockinaam Lodge in Portpatrick. A commemorative blue plaque is being put on the property as part of a wider project by the Submariners Association. He is considered to be "the most successful submarine commander of World War Two"
Messi and his father Jorge are accused of defrauding Spain of more than €4m. Lawyers acting on behalf of the tax authorities demanded 22-month jail sentences for both defendants. No date has been set for the trial of the 28-year-old footballer.
Premiership's top three sides have been handed home ties in the quarter-finals. Holders Hibernian or Hearts will host the winners of Clyde and Ayr United. Celtic will entertain Championship side St Mirren and Partick Thistle travel to Aberdeen. Rangers host the winner of the replay between Hamilton Academical and Championship side Dunfermline Athletic.
St Helens Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) is facing a funding gap of Â£12.5m this year. The group is also suggesting a two-year suspension of IVF services for people aged under 37. The British Medical Association (BMA) called the move "unacceptable"
Gen Petraeus resigned as CIA director in 2012 following an extramarital affair with his biographer. It later emerged he had shared classified material with her. He served as a senior officer under Presidents Bush and Obama. He was the commander of US and Nato forces in Afghanistan.
Taiwan is leading a movement that has turned traditional Buddhism on its head. The focus now is on what the Taiwanese call "humanistic Buddhism" It returns Buddhists to the core principles of Buddhism - speaking good words, thinking good thoughts and doing good deeds. The practice has helped Taiwan's leading Buddhist organisations expand in unprecedented ways.
Garden at Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales has been designed to help children recover from treatment. Therapy zone includes sloping floors and artificial grass so children can receive physiotherapy in the fresh air. Part of the garden has a jungle theme with a spray-painted mural and palm trees - during the evening the space is lit by colourful LED lights.
Public Health Wales (PHW) research also showed one in five of those who breastfeed do so for less than a month. Breastfed babies are more likely to grow up a healthy weight and are at less risk of high blood pressure and heart disease as they got older.
Fatima Elomar, 31, was intercepted at Sydney Airport in May last year as she tried to board an international flight. Cash, camouflage gear and medical supplies were found in her luggage. She pleaded guilty to supporting incursions into a foreign state with the intention of engaging in hostile activities.
Finance ministers have endorsed the move, which is to be completed by the end of the summer. The EU is planning a crackdown on banks and tax advisers who help clients hide money offshore. Currently the 28 EU states have different national lists of tax havens and can decide individually whether to impose restrictions.
The 28-year-old has made just two appearances for Celtic this season. He would need to have played at least 75% of his country's games in the last two years to qualify for the transfer window. The move comes on the same day that Chelsea failed in a bid to sign Celtic goalkeeper Craig Gordon.
Three walkers with dogs were seen "attacking" the birds with sticks and stones last weekend. Anyone who injures, kills or disturbs Arctic Terns could face prosecution. The birds, which mate for life, lay one or two eggs in a small space of ground.
The Dow Jones was up 16.5 points to 18,533, the S&P 500 gained 5.15 points to 2,166.8, and the Nasdaq rose 26.1 to 5055.7 points. Bank of America shares rose 3.3% despite a 19% drop in quarterly profits, which still beat expectations.
MPs will debate stripping Sir Philip of his knighthood on Thursday. It hinges on whether he makes good on a promise to secure the future of 20,000 BHS pension scheme members. Many of them face a cut in their pension benefits if the scheme ends up in the industry backed pension protection fund.
Glasgow Warriors confirm Leone Nakarawa will join Racing Metro in France. Jerry Yanuyanutawa and Tyrone Holmes are also leaving the club. Hooker Kevin Bryce will join Edinburgh next season. Glasgow are two points behind Leinster and Connacht at the top of the Pro12.
Patel, 36, took 102 wickets in all formats for the Bears in 2016. The New Zealander took four five-wicket hauls in the Championship. He also took 22 wickets on the way to helping his side win the One-Day Cup. The spinner has not played for his country since January 2013.
There has been an overall increase of 53% in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years.Lynette McHendry, from County Antrim, is due to have both breasts removed next week. She believes some inflammatory breast cancer cases are being misdiagnosed.
Former field marshal, three generals and six admirals say loss of Ark Royal and fleet of Harrier jets has damaged Britain's defence capabilities. They say Britain can no longer mount amphibious operations without putting troops' lives at "considerable risk" Defence Secretary Liam Fox has defended the "difficult decisions"
Special ship will drill more than 5000 metres down through the ocean floor to reach the super hot rocks of the planet's crust. Team have picked an area in the Indian Ocean because the earth's crust is thinner there than in other places. They also hope to find out if anything can survive the heat and pressure to live down there.
Researchers at the University of Virginia found that people prefer to have something to do than to have nothing other than their thoughts. In one test, nearly half the subjects gave themselves mild electric shocks during 15 minutes of quiet time. Other researchers in the field have said the findings are overstated.
The girl was attacked in the Jenkins Dale area of Chatham on 4 April. She is still in hospital with serious injuries, Kent Police said. The dog was shot by firearms officers. The man has been now also been detained on suspicion of supplying cannabis. The teenager was previously arrested over the same offences.
Police say a man in his 20s was stabbed at an address on Croydon Road. He was involved in an "altercation" with another man, police say. The stab victim is being treated in hospital. Officers believe there is no risk to the wider community.
Slow-motion footage reveals spiders use silk draglines to stabilise their bodies and to brake, enabling them to land poised and ready to pounce on prey. Scientists hope to learn how these creatures fine-tune and control their jumping manoeuvres, to aid the design of miniature robots.
Back-row forwards Horstmann, 35, and Salvi, 31, have agreed one-year deals. lock Atkins, 26, has extended his contract by two years. Six team-mates, including Phil Dollman, Michele Campagnaro and Olly Woodburn, signed new deals last week.
Leyton Orient are looking to improve on their play-off finish last season. Orient have a new owner in Italian businessman Giovanni Becchetti. Slade says the new structure is still to be agreed. The Orient boss is hoping to strengthen his squad for the new season.
Swansea beat Manchester United 2-1 at St James' Park on Sunday. The result was the first Premier League game of the season for the Swans. The defeat was the second in a row for West Ham, who lost 1-0 to Manchester City on Saturday.
DUP minister Paul Givan warns 34,000 homes could miss out on Â£91m set aside to mitigate the effects of the "bedroom tax" Former Irish prime minister Bertie Ahern says he believes Arlene Foster and Martin McGuinness never gelled in their joint ministerial role.
E-commerce sales now account for 77.7% of all UK deliveries and 48.6% of online sales are made using its app. Domino's opened a record 61 new stores in the UK in 2015, taking its total number of outlets to 869 by the end of the year. The chain also owns the franchises in the Republic of Ireland, Switzerland and Liechtenstein.
Osbourne has been without a club since leaving Blackpool at the end of last season. The 26-year-old started his career with Aston Villa before joining Hibernian. Osbourne is new Iron manager Mark Robins's first signing for the club. He could make his debut against Colchester on Saturday.
Tunisia's prime minister says 19 people were killed, including two Tunisians. Prime Minister: "It is a critical moment in our history, and a defining moment for our future" President: "We are in a war against terrorism... we will fight them without mercy" EU foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini offers condolences.
Mr Murphy said the party had been "stretched to the limits" by their former partners in government, the DUP (Democratic Unionist Party) Mr Murphy said they had been'stretched to their limits' by the DUP. He said the DUP had'stretched' the DUP to the limit.
President Obama's Africa trip was hailed as a homecoming. He emphasised the importance of security and the fight against extremism. He also talked about democracy and the "cancer of corruption" But his last speech was an off-script put-down of leaders who "refuse to step aside"
The Dungannon rider suffered chest and pelvic injuries in the crash on 12 May. His condition was described as stable on 16 May and he was moved out of intensive care. Farquhar is a well known-figure in motorcycling and has won five races at the North West 200.
British Transport Police said there had been a 19% rise, from 108 incidents in 2014 to 128 last year. Longer evenings and the summer holidays "spell danger" for young people, police said. Almost 170 young people have died in 10 years in the UK after trespassing.
Woods, 41, is recovering from a fourth back operation since April 2014. He was breathalysed in Florida in May after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. He denied alcohol was involved and said it was down to "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medication" Woods has not won a tournament anywhere since 2013.
The US and Russia agreed to a 48-hour cessation of hostilities in Syria. The agreement does not include the al-Qaeda-linked Nusra Front. There has been a decrease in violence in the city, but it has not been completely stopped, the U.S. says.
The draw takes place at 11:00 GMT in Nyon, Switzerland. Chelsea will be in pot one after winning their group, while Manchester City and Arsenal join the group runners-up in pot two. Liverpool, who failed to qualify, join Celtic, Everton and Tottenham in the following Europa League last-32 draw.
Kieran Ridley, 32, poured petrol onto a nearby bin and lit it, the High Court in Edinburgh was told. He then left the property at Mallaig, Lochaber, having locked the front and back doors and some windows. Mr Ridley denies the charges. His lawyers argue he was not criminally responsible due to mental disorder.
Hollande promised to strip convicted terrorists of their French nationality. He said this should apply to bi-nationals "who are born French" Critics say it creates two classes of French citizen - one for jihadists, one for non-jihadists. The row has exposed deep divisions within his ruling Socialist Party.
The Greens pledged to end "period poverty" by providing towels and tampons. 320,000 people have signed a petition to abolish a 5% tax on sanitary products. The pledge may be funded by a tax on airship sales and aircraft repairs. Sanitary products are not exempt from VAT, as some medical products are.
Police were called to reports of an explosion at the Village Pharmacy building on Main Street, Cumbernauld, at about 01:05 on Wednesday. Local people reported seeing men trying to remove the cash machine, which was badly damaged along with the building. It is believed they left the scene in an Audi car.
The Competition and Markets Authority had ordered all insurance companies to split out the extra charges for the additional protection. The Co-op was the only firm which missed a deadline to do so, in August last year. Around 120,000 customers received quotations that were unclear. From 1 February, the Co-Op will provide two separate quotations - one with no claims bonus protection, and one without.
Pistorius shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013. He said he mistook her for a burglar, while prosecutors argued that he shot her after a row at his upmarket home in the capital, Pretoria. Judge Thokozile Masipa ruled in December that prosecutors could appeal against the acquittal.
Sergei Lavrov says US policy towards Syria is floundering. He says the US has broken its promise to separate Jabhat Fateh al-Sham and other extremist groups from more moderate rebels. He also defended the bombardment of Aleppo by Russian and Syrian forces. Lavrov was speaking on the first anniversary of the beginning of the Russian air campaign in Syria.
The Slide on Cancer in Londonderry's Shipquay Street was organised by Cancer Research UK as a fundraiser. The custom-built slide is open from 10.00-17:00 BST on Saturday and Sunday.Participants launch themselves onto the slide at the top of the street and finish at Shipquays Gate.
Under the Dome is a year-long investigation of pollution in China. It was watched by more than 100 million people online, sparking debates. The environmental issue has dominated the current session of the Chinese parliament. The film is no longer available on popular Chinese mainland video sites.
Four masked men forced their way into the house at 22:15 BST on Friday. Two remained with the man while the other two searched the house. The gang left a short time later without taking anything from the property. Police have appealed for anyone with information or who noticed any suspicious activity to contact them.
Brandon Hanlan gave Bromley a seventh-minute lead. Fejiri Okenabirhie levelled with their first attempt on target. Jake Sheppard smashed in from 25 yards out in the 88th minute. Daggers drop a place to third in the table.
Office of Children's Commissioner study says there were 2,409 victims in the 14 months to October 2011. Report also identifies 16,500 children who were at "high risk of sexual exploitation" in 2010-11. David Cameron says the report is "extremely disturbing" and should be studied carefully.
Mr Murray will step down later this month after four years in the role. Mr Gillies joined Edrington as a non-executive director earlier this year. The announcement comes two weeks after Edrington reported a sharp rise in annual revenues and profit. The Glasgow-based distiller's portfolio includes The Famous Grouse, The Macallan and Cutty Sark.
The pound jumped by 0.85%, or more than one euro cent, to â‚¬1.4072. But against the dollar the pound was down 0.26% at $1.5783. The FTSE was lagging gains elsewhere, with Germany's Dax and France's Cac 40 both up more than 1%.
Mullah Mansour was named as the new leader on Thursday, after the death of former head Mullah Omar. But a Taliban spokesman told the BBC he had not been appointed "by all Taliban", going against Sharia law. The 30-minute recording was released to journalists by Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid on Saturday.
Timm van der Gugten took four of the first six Glamorgan wickets. Ben Cox hit 93 off 99 balls as Worcestershire fought back from 14-3. Ed Barnard (60) and Ben Tongue (41) led the lower-order resistance.
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Road Lower School, Kempston, last December. Brian Wright, 55, told Luton Crown Court he had been blinded by the setting sun. He accepted he had struck Mrs Blackburn but denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving.
The USA captain has been undergoing medical evaluations since last month. The 33-year-old returned to training with Seattle on Wednesday. Seattle general manager Garth Lagerwey: "Clint's health comes first" CLICK HERE for all the latest from Seattle Sounders.
Paul Gallihawk, 34, disappeared during a 750m open water swim on Saturday. He was reported missing after he failed to collect his bike at Leybourne Lakes. Donations on his JustGiving page have risen to over £12,500 - more than 4,000% of the target.
Barca paid £48.6m for Santos striker Neymar in the summer. The fee includes a £34m signing-on fee and a £10m transfer fee. The club says the payment is in line with the terms of the contract. But it has not confirmed whether the case will be dropped.
G20 nations accounted for 95% of the investment in the sector (which does not include nuclear power) UK ranked seventh in the world, with $9.4bn of investment in 2011. An additional 83.5 gigawatts (GW) was added to the world's clean energy generation capacity, including 30GW of solar and 43GW of wind.
The 18th Century road bridge is expected to take up to 12-months to repair at a cost of £3m. Samuel Smiths' brewery, which owned the site originally chosen, refused permission over concerns pressure might be exerted for the temporary bridge to remain. The authority said it hoped the bridge would be in place "within weeks"
Scarborough Athletic FC played in its home town for the first time since the club was founded in 2007. The Sea Dogs lost 4-1 against Sheffield United XI in front of a sell-out 2,000 crowd at Flamingo Land Stadium. The club was formed after Scarborough FC went out of business with debts of £2.5m.
Evaldas Vaicekauskas was arrested after Border Force officers intercepted a package from China that he had bought on eBay. The 23-year-old claimed he had no intention of selling on the weapons and had only bought them because they "looked cool" He will be sentenced in December.
Mueller said he was leaving due to "changing personal circumstance" He took up his role in May 2015 to oversee a $1.56bn (Â£1.1bn) turnaround plan. The airline had suffered years of financial losses even before it was hit by two major disasters.
The man, in his 30s, was found lying on the ground in Dedridge, Livingston. He sustained a "significant" head injury and was taken to St John's Hospital. Police Scotland said the man remains in a stable condition.DC Iain Duncan said: "At this stage of inquiry we do not know what has happened to this man"
Dublin man Hughie Maughan was appearing on RTÉ's Dancing With The Stars. Viewers compared him to Ross Geller from the hit US TV show Friends. Hughie told RTÉ he had laughed off the comments, claiming he had "thick elephant skin"
Republican presidential candidate Ben Carson denies he tried to stab a relative. CNN investigation found no corroborating witnesses to the event. Campaign backs away from claim that he had been admitted to West Point. Mr Carson says the names he cited in his book were changed to protect friends and family.
Adamu was banned from all football activity for four years. He was also banned from taking part in any football-related activities for two years. The ban was imposed after he was found guilty of making false statements to the FIFA ethics committee. He has since been cleared of any wrongdoing by FIFA.
Journalist Didi Akinyelure investigates why African art has become big business. Didi: 'Why is it that African art is so big business? Why is it so profitable?' Didi on African art: 'Is it because it's beautiful? Is it because of the colour of the paint?'
New gravitational lensing experiments have mapped dark matter on a range of scales. These all use similar methods, but vary in terms of resolution and size. Similar to the art of making maps on Earth this "skotocartography" tells us different but complementary things about the nature of dark matter.
Nigeria has the largest number of mobile phone users in Africa. Human Rights Watch condemns the move as an attempt to muzzle free speech. There will be a public hearing on the bill before it can be passed. The bill does not define "abusive statement or messages"
Mourinho has been cleared of making discriminatory comments to Carneiro. FA investigated after a member of public made a complaint about Mourinho's language. FA chairman Dyke said the 52-year-old Portuguese "made a mistake" Heather Rabbatts, head of the FA's inclusion advisory board, said the governing body's reaction had been "seriously disappointing"
Military officials said 50m naira ($317,000; Â£197,709) was offered for help in tracking down the group's suspected leader Abubakar Shekau. More than 640 people have died so far this year in attacks blamed on the group.
One lady even thought he was a statue as she passed him on the street. George does have a loving home that he returns to every evening. But in the day, he just loves to shop!Video courtesy of Nicola Williams. He particularly likes visiting the Wilko store, sleeping on rugs and saying hello.
Sea Watch said men from the speedboat boarded the dinghy and beat migrants with sticks. The motive for the attack was not clear, but Sea Watch said attackers were attempting to steal dinghy's engine. About 120 people were rescued and brought aboard the Sea Watch 2 ship. Four were unconscious and receiving treatment.
Sgt Peter Rayner, 34, of 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster's Regiment, was killed on Friday. The soldier was carrying out a patrol in the Nahr-e Saraj area of Helmand Province. The number of British military personnel killed in operations in Afghanistan since 2001 is now 340.
UKIP, which won May's election, spent £2,956,737, while the Tories' campaign expenditure was £2.980,815. Lib Dems spent £1,580,575 and lost all but one of their MEPs - Labour, which came second, spent £1,027,339.
Forster replaces sacked James Coyle as Haven manager. The ex-Salford forward was limited to five senior appearances for Saints. Haven were relegated from the Championship after finishing in the Super 8s. Forster rejoined the club in July after 22 games on dual registration.
Car bomb explodes outside Mogadishu's Hotel Maka, killing at least six people. Four policemen are among the dead, according to Reuters news agency. Four cars and two motorbikes are burnt out at the scene, AFP reports. Islamist militant group al-Shabab often stages attacks in the city.
President Donald Trump is set to deliver his first major speech to Congress. He is expected to set out his plans to cut spending and boost the economy. But Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said his plan is "dead on arrival" More than 120 retired generals have signed a letter urging Congress not to cut funding for diplomacy.
Over the years, the 9,000-acre Bellandur lake in India's technology capital has been polluted by chemicals and sewage. IT professional Debasish Ghosh has been taking pictures of the lake of "harmful snowy froth" for months now. Here is a selection of his pictures.
Gwilym Jones, 73, died from a stab wound at a property in Ogmore Vale. A 49-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and the attempted murder of a woman. Police say the pensioner died some time between Sunday and Monday.
Medals at July's World Para Athletics Championships will feature distinctive disability sport equipment such as a prosthetic running leg and throwing chair. For the first time at the World Championships, 'coaches medals' will also be handed out to recognise those who prepare athletes.Rather than engraving, the reverse will be inscribed with braille.
Home Office said it was "encouraged" so many retailers had been "denied the chance to profit from this reckless trade" Charity DrugWise said the ban had driven the market underground. London's Metropolitan Police had also seized nearly 14,000 nitrous oxide or laughing gas canisters since the change.
From the northern lights to noctilucent clouds, the range of subjects in this year's competition covers all things astronomical. Here is a selection of the shortlisted images from the competition, including images of the Moon, the Sun, the Moon and the International Space Station.
For a short time on Monday night, US time, the stocks of the likes of Apple, Microsoft, Amazon eBay and Zynga were all listed at $123.47. Nasdaq blamed the erroneous use of test data, and said the situation had been fixed. With markets closed for the 4 July holiday, there'll be no impact on trading.
The images were taken over a three-month period. They were taken by a camera attached to a mobile phone. The phone was used to take pictures of the woman. The woman is believed to have been in her 20s and 30s. The images were then uploaded to the internet.
Around 150 countries are meeting in Kigali to try and agree a ban on hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) gases. HFCs were introduced to limit damage to the ozone layer, but cause much greater levels of global warming than CO2. Nations are divided over the speed and timing of any phase-out.
EE said it planned to deploy such a network in a UK rural area this year. The drones can stay airborne for up to an hour at a time and the "helikite" balloons for several weeks as they have a tethered power source. The devices are fitted with small mobile sites that include a base station and an antenna.
Wales face England at Twickenham in the Six Nations on 12 March. England have won their opening two games of the tournament. Warren Gatland's side are undefeated after wins over Ireland and Scotland. Wales are hoping for their first back-to-back wins over England since 1978.
PM accused Mr Gani in Parliament of backing the militant group. He questioned Sadiq Khan's judgement in sharing a platform with him. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon has also apologised for making similar claims. Gani has said claims he backs IS are defamatory and must be retracted.
Glen Ullinish Wind Farm could generate enough power for 23,000 properties. Development involves installing turbines between Ose and Struan at Allt Dughaill on Skye. North planning committee approved the planning application at a meeting Dingwall on Monday.
No 10 says it has to be passed or "there will be no laws" after the UK leaves the EU. Labour says it will not support the bill in its current form. Scottish and Welsh governments have to give "legislative consent" before it can become law. Boris Johnson said the government had "no plan" for a deal.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick made the admission while speaking at a private event in Vancouver. The $1bn figure was later confirmed with Uber China by Reuters news agency. US-based Uber launched in China in 2014 and competes against the country's largest taxi app Didi Kuaidi.
LL Camps in Bushey, Hertfordshire, was closed by Ofsted last week. Director Ben Lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children. Parents vented their anger on the firm's Facebook page at the closure. But camp co-founder Tal Landsman has now said refunds will be issued.
Alvarez beat Khan to retain his WBC middleweight title. The Mexican is keen on a unification match with Kazakh Golovkin. The 34-year-old holds the WBA and IBF belts. Alvarez won the vacant WBC title by outpointing Miguel Cotto last November.
Mr McKnight, aged in his 50s, was from Hillsborough, County Down. He was taken to the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald where he was pronounced dead. The airfield is operated by the Ulster Flying Club. An air accident investigation is continuing into the cause of the crash.
Finney played in three World Cups between 1950 and 1958. He is joint sixth on England's all-time scoring list with 30 goals. He spent his entire 14-year career with his home-town club Preston North End. Finney scored 187 league goals for North End and was comfortable occupying any position.
Verheydt has signed a three-year contract with Harry Kewell's side. The 25-year-old scored 13 goals in 43 appearances in all competitions last season. Watford winger Dennon Lewis, 20, has joined the Reds on a loan deal.
Rizwan Akhtar is promoted from major-general to lieutenant-general. He replaces Lt-Gen Zaheerul Islam who is scheduled to retire in October. He is seen to have been at odds with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. The military also promoted five other officers to lieutenant general rank.
Gino Asquith was born on 9 November 2014, but died three days later. His mother, Sarah Ellis, had been sent home from the hospital two days earlier as there were no free beds. She was seen by eight medics before having an emergency caesarean. Coroner recorded a verdict of death by misadventure.
The Banking Standards Commission wants the government to "electrify" the fence so banks won't try to "game" the rules. That means regulators having the power to fully break up a bank if it does not follow the ring-fence proposals. The bank reforms will go before Parliament early next year.
The victim was fatally injured outside a property on Daniel Hill Terrace, Upperthorpe, close to the city centre. People living in the area said the man was either in, or close to, a black Mercedes car he had been driving when he was shot. The victim was taken to Northern General hospital but died from his injuries.
A 60-year-old man was seen to be in trouble at Agincourt Reef in Queensland. He was helped to the surface but could not be revived. It comes after two other men died at the reef on Wednesday. The reef is about 60km north of the city of Cairns.
Scientists found a single dose of the protein Hi1a worked on lab rats. They said it showed "great promise as a future stroke treatment" but had not yet been tested in human trials. Stroke Association said it would "welcome any treatment that has the potential to reduce the damage caused by stroke"
The new plan is for training to be split across three different sites. There would be some joint training, but the three services would each have their own facilities. The big winner would be the fire and rescue service - it would get a £44m purpose-built complex at Desertcreat in County Tyrone.
Ogwen Valley Mountain Rescue team called to Yr Elen, in the Carneddau range. The man, who had rib and back injuries, was flown to hospital in a rescue helicopter. He was airlifted to hospital at about 14:00 GMT on Saturday.
Blind cricket is a much-loved sport in the West Indies. The team is preparing to play in the regional T20 championships. The game uses a hollow plastic ball filled with iron beads that rattle as the ball moves, alerting players to its location. Top player Ganesh Singh has been blind since he lost his sight at 17.
Jack Johnson, 7, has Duchenne's Muscular Dystrophy - a terminal muscle-wasting disease. Doctors predict he will be in a wheelchair by the age of 12. His parents, Andy and Alex, have set up a charity, Joining Jack, to push for a cure.
Wanda Campbell, 43, of Auchenmalg, was jailed for three years earlier this month. She was also ordered to pay compensation of £110,000 at Dumfries Sheriff Court. Her appeal against that sentence and the conviction will be heard at the Appeal Court in Edinburgh.
Speedo, Ralph Lauren, Syneron-Candela and Airweave drop Lochte as sponsor. Lochte, a 12-time Olympic medalist, has earned millions of dollars through endorsements. He said he respected Speedo's decision, and thanked the company.
Lancashire's loss to Warwickshire meant Hampshire needed to win to survive. Mark Stoneman (137) and Scott Borthwick (88) excelled in their last innings for Durham. England all-rounder Ben Stokes (23 not out) struck the winning runs for the visitors.
Middlesbrough were the busiest Premier League club in July, making a total of eight new signings. Boro narrowly missed promotion via the play-offs in 2015. The Teesside club have since been unbeaten throughout pre-season, but went a goal down after only 14 minutes of their 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday.
City Quays 3 has a proposed cost of £46m and will be 16-storeys tall. With a target completion date of late 2019, it will provide Grade A space for 3,000 staff. The harbour said it will support 600 jobs during its construction phase.
Claire's horse clipped his shoulder, flinging her from the saddle into a tree. The fall broke her neck, back and ribs and left her paralysed from the chest down. She has been training intensively for the marathon using a robotic walking suit. Claire hopes to raise more than £50,000 for Spinal Research.
Jail system in California is under fire for overcrowding and poor conditions. The state's largest jail system is home to about 19,000 prisoners. A report by the U.S. Department of Justice says the system is improving. But the report does not address a "dramatic increase" in the number of suicides.
Austin Grant from Sheffield had been dubious about the suitability of South Yorkshire's climate. "I was literally jumping for joy," the 62-year-old grandfather said. The fruit is still attached to the plant and is not yet ripe enough to eat, he said.
Nalbandian was disqualified for unsporting behaviour and the match was awarded to his opponent Marin Cilic. After the match he admitted he went too far saying, "I am very sorry, sometimes you get frustrated on court" Maybe he should think about a new career in sport - karate perhaps?
The 27-year-old broke his rib in a crash on the first stage of the Tour de France. He finished in last place, more than three minutes adrift of winner Alberto Contador. The Tour is one of the most prestigious cycling events in the world. It is won or lost on average every three years.
The ancient berry is from the same family of plants as potatoes, tomatoes and peppers. On the fossil, you can see the lines of the papery wrapping that grew around the fruit, which turned into coal during fossilisation. Researchers are hoping to find lots more plant fossils there.
Rangers take on Dundee United at Ibrox in the Scottish Cup on Saturday. The game will be the first time the two sides have met since the start of the season. Rangers lost the first game of the campaign 2-1 at home to Dundee. The match was the first in the competition's history.
Finn, 27, played in the first Test at Lord's but was dropped for Old Trafford where England won to level the series. All-rounder Ben Stokes has had three injuries in the past nine months that have kept him on the sidelines. Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq refused to name his squad for Wednesday's Test.
The IXV resembles a smaller, robotically controlled version of the US space shuttle. It flew east around the globe, before coming down in the water west of the Galapagos Islands at about 15:20 GMT. The mission could provide Europe with a re-useable orbital transportation system of its own.
Chief Minister Jonathan Le Tocq said putting the decision back by a month would not cause further delays. He said the time would be used to ensure points raised had been answered. The secondary school is the last of the States high schools to be redeveloped, following the rebuild of Les Beaucamps and St Sampson's.
The list was given to the Greek government in 2010. But it was later found to have been leaked by a former employee. The former employee was given a one-year suspended sentence for the leak. He was also ordered to pay a fine of £1,000.
Dr Christopher Davies said a matron later purchased the item for £22.95. He said it was then fitted for free by in-house staff. A hospital spokesperson said the quote was reviewed and "firmly rejected" NHS England has been approached for comment and said it is looking into the situation.
Navalny was found guilty of heading a group that embezzled timber worth $500,000. His co-accused, Pyotr Ofitserov, was also found guilty, and given a four-year jail sentence. The 37-year-old had been a leading campaigner against President Putin's United Russia party.
Jason Batchelor, 46, was convicted of rape, attempted rape, sexual assault and intent to commit a sexual offence. The woman, in her 70s, was making breakfast when he attacked her. He punched her in the face, causing extensive bruising, then raped her and took cash.
Infertility Network UK said it was a "no-brainer" there should now be three cycles. New IVF criteria were introduced in July 2013, following recommendations by the National Infertility Working Group. The changes were designed to standardise fertility treatment across Scotland to prevent a "postcode lottery"
Nine in 10 hospitals are increasing bed numbers. But despite this they have problems seeing patients quickly enough and discharging them. Royal College of Emergency Medicine's weekly report provides snapshot of performance. Just over 86% of patients were seen and dealt with in four hours - below target.
Trams will travel along Princess Street, Cross Street and Corporation Street. It will link St Peter's Square with Victoria station. The project is expected to be completed by 2017. It is an essential part of the Metrolink expansion, says Transport for Greater Manchester (TfGM)
Mylan said it expected to start selling a cheaper generic product "in several weeks" That is about half the list price of the existing product, which is used in emergencies for severe food and insect allergies. Cost of EpiPens in the US has risen by 500% in less than a decade.
Kell Brook will have an operation on an eye injury on Monday, promoter Eddie Hearn says. The 30-year-old suffered the injury in the second round in London. Brook moved up two weight divisions to face unbeaten middleweight champion Golovkin. The fight was Brook's first defeat in his 37th professional fight. Hearn pays tribute to Brook for accepting the challenge against the Kazakh.
Former organiser The British Heart Foundation announced last week it was pulling out due to the Â£40,000 event no longer being viable. The Save the Children charity has also announced it could "take up the baton", but only with financial support. Council says it is "pulling out the stops" to ensure the fundraiser goes ahead as planned.
Bolasie has scored just seven league goals for Palace since joining in 2012. The 26-year-old was linked with Tottenham in the summer. Palace manager Alan Pardew admits that the former Bristol City man could end up leaving the Eagles - if he can improve his end product.
Michael Gove said British fishermen would not have the capacity to land all of the fish in British territorial waters. He said that some access would therefore be granted to vessels from other countries. He was speaking during a fact-finding mission to Denmark, which was largely focused on the Danish food industry. The Danish fishing industry is currently highly-dependent on fish caught in UK waters.
Lance Naik (Corporal) Hanamanthappa Koppad was tapped under 8m of snow at a height of nearly 6,000m along with nine other soldiers who all died. The critically ill soldier has been airlifted to a hospital in Delhi. He has been placed on a ventilator to protect his airway and lungs.
It is the second estimate for GDP growth from the Office for National Statistics. It was a slowdown from the 0.7% rate in the second quarter, but still marked the 11th consecutive quarter of growth. The trade gap knocked 1.5 percentage points off GDP, which is the most since records began in 1997.
The match was called off at 12:35 GMT after an inspection at Sportsdirect.com Park. The Latics are 22nd in the table and in the relegation places with Posh in sixth place. There has been no announcement as to when the fixture will be rearranged.
The blast happened in the early hours of Monday at the branch in Long Ashton. Cash was stolen and three men were arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion with intent to endanger life. Villagers described the attack on the building as "shocking", "insane" and "a hideous act"
The 27-year-old woman was attacked at about 20:00 on 20 February. She was walking along a path between Byres Road and Glenmalloch Place. Police said three men seen in the area at the time may have seen the suspect or "unwittingly" witnessed something.
Head teachers in England and Wales can only take time off in "exceptional circumstances" If they don't, they face a fine of up to £100 or a three-month jail term. Headteacher's union says it would be 'untenable' for them to make exceptions.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared from near a farmhouse in Iraklis on 24 July 1991. The site, which is 750m from where he was last seen, is close to where officers started digging last month. It is believed a digger driver may have accidentally run Ben over on the day he disappeared.
David Cameron urges people not to vote tactically, but to "vote for your preferred prime minister" Labour leader insists he would not lead a government if it involved any deal with Nicola Sturgeon's party. Miliband accuses the prime minister of having "entirely withdrawn from the central issues facing the country"
American football can be played at adult,university and junior levels. There is no formal competition structure in the UK for adapted American football. Clubs are always on the lookout for new members, with many able to provide taster sessions and full kit for practice and games. Check out our activity finder to find a session in your area.
Mark Jones, 45, of Cwmbran, Torfaen, fractured Amelia Jones's skull when he was supposed to be looking after her. He had denied murder but was convicted at Newport Crown Court on Thursday and jailed for life. Mr Justice Wyn Williams said Jones had shown no remorse for his "wicked and despicable" actions.
Taunton were playing their ninth game in this season's competition. They were the lowest-ranked side left after Westfields' exit on Monday. Ed Palmer drew them level with a superb free-kick in the 73rd minute, cancelling out a fine 48th-minute opener by Barrow winger Jordan Williams.
Ingram was Most Valuable Player in the domestic T20 Blast in 2016. He has previously played in the Indian Premier League for Delhi Daredevils. The 32-year-old left-hander will play limited-overs cricket for Glamorgan in 2018 and 2019 but will give up Championship cricket.
Ex-Bank of England deputy governor Sir Charlie Bean is reviewing how official statistics are collected. The ONS transferred hundreds of jobs from London to Newport in the late 2000s. PCS union representative Gez Kirby said: "There's some anxiety obviously" ONS said it was not "helpful" to speculate on the report's findings.
Yazidi women tell of how IS came to their homeland on Mount Sinjar in 2014. They say they are scared to return home, because of the threat of reprisals. The city of Sinjar and the villages that surround it have been razed to the ground. Many Yazidis have given up on the idea of returning home, and have sought asylum.
The captain, who retired hurt on 60 with a back problem on the first day in Adelaide, returned to make 128. Clarke received a standing ovation from the Adelaide Oval crowd after reaching three figures. Australian batsman David Warner also hit a century on day one of the Test and dedicated it to Hughes.
Footbridge has been the only general way to get to the platform since last summer. Great Western Railway said funding was in place for improving the access. Work is not expected to start until next year, according to Dan Panes, a spokesman for the company. But disabled people are unhappy about the temporary measures.
Ukrposhta's website was hit by a distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack. The attack began on Monday morning, but ended shortly after 21:00 local time (1900 BST) On Tuesday, the company reported that the DDoS attack continued.
McCowen is best known for his role as Q in 1983's Never Say Never Again. He also played the Fool in Peter Brook's 1962 production of King Lear. He was made an OBE in 1972 and a CBE in 1986. He is survived by his sister Jean, two nephews and two nieces.
Francesco Totti has signed a new deal with Roma until the end of the 2015-16 season. The 37-year-old is 47 goals away from becoming Serie A's all-time leading goalscorer. Totti made his Serie A debut aged 16 and has scored 228 goals for Roma.
De Kock hit four sixes in a brilliant 135 and Amla made 127 as the hosts reached their target of 319 with 22 balls to spare. England lead the series 2-1 with two matches to play. England captain Eoin Morgan: "I thought 318 was a good score. The ball didn't swing early on so we had to go back to hitting our lengths"
Only 11% of the chamber's members in Northern Ireland support a British exit. That compares to 30% of those surveyed in the rest of the UK. More than half of the respondents (60%) said that Prime Minister David Cameron's renegotiated EU deal is unlikely to change how they will vote.
The route 26 bus to Hackney Wick caught fire outside Liverpool Street Station. London Fire Brigade put out the flames and cleared up the fuel spillage. No one was on board and the driver had left the bus before it caught fire. The cause of the fire is not yet known.
The Grocer magazine reported that the firm is charging £2.64 for a 250g jar. It is the first supermarket to raise the price of Marmite since the recent dispute between Tesco and manufacturer Unilever over the effect of the falling pound on production costs. A spokesman said: "Sometimes we have to increase prices as a result of costs rising"
The new building is part of a larger project to create a new city centre in Glasgow. It is the latest in a long line of buildings in the city to be named after a famous person. The name of the building is the Royal Institute of British Architects (RIBA), which was founded in 1858.
He was speaking in an emergency debate at the European Parliament in the wake of last week's EU referendum. The UK voted by 52% to 48% to leave the union after 43 years of membership. Mr Smith used his speech in Brussels to urge the EU to respect the will of Scotland after its electors voted to remain in the EU.
Sangakkara ends his 134-Test career with 12,400 runs at an average of 57.40. He also played 404 one-day internationals and 56 Twenty20 internationals. The left-hander also played in English county cricket for Warwickshire, Durham and Surrey.
Transport Minister Keith Brown chaired a meeting of the Scottish government's resilience team. Forecasters indicated that it will be dry and bright for most of Scotland by Wednesday afternoon. High winds have seen restrictions on some of Scotland's bridges, while fallen trees are affecting some minor routes and ferry crossings.
The aid package, worth 500m euros (£365m), was announced at a meeting of EU farm ministers in Brussels. It is understood the bulk of the money will be used to support the dairy sector in the various member countries. But there will be no increase in the milk intervention price, a key demand of Northern Ireland's dairy industry.
Rangers lost 1-0 to Hearts at Ibrox on Saturday. Rangers have now lost five points in a row at home. Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha says his side need to improve their tempo. He also says they need to be more aggressive in the last third.
Otters were declared extinct on the Japanese islands by its Ministry of the Environment in August 2012. The Skye-based International Otter Survival Fund has been helping with the reintroduction preparations. Dr Takahiro Murakami, who will lead the Japanese visit to Scotland, has never seen otters in the wild.
A Rotary International peace fellowship in Thailand led to a life-changing experience. The programme involved three months studying peace and conflict at Chulalongkorn University, in Thailand. Friendships and bonds emerged through this unique programme of study. But the shoes were not what I thought I'd bargained for, and they got a battering.
Patricia Culligan was referring to Paul Childs who is standing in Liverpool Riverside. He revealed he was HIV positive last week. UKIP leader Nigel Farage has controversially said foreigners with HIV should not be treated for free by the NHS. Ms Culligan removed her tweet and apologised after UKIP was contacted.
Dani Alves will leave Barcelona at the end of the season. The 33-year-old has won six La Liga titles and one Copa del Rey. He will be replaced by Denis Suarez, who joined from Villarreal last summer. Alves says he will return to the club he has played for since 2003.
SpaceX has a contract to use its Falcon to take astronauts to the International Space Station (ISS) Manned test flights were expected in the next 18 months. This is the second accident involving a Falcon inside 15 months. SpaceX will likely park some of its future plans while it gets everyone in the company to focus on the fundamentals to get the Falcon flying again.
Metropolitan Police officers flew out last month to work with Thai police. Zaw Lin and Win Zaw Htun, both migrant workers from Myanmar, are alleged to have confessed to the killings. UK detectives will now compile a report and "update the families of Hannah and David"
Warwickshire captain Varun Chopra scores his 17th first class century. Tim Ambrose played a patient innings despite suffering a leg injury. The hosts were chasing 379 to win on a pitch that became easier to bat on. Ian Westwood was trapped lbw by Andre Adams before lunch. James Tomlinson took two wickets before Chopra guided his side to safety.
Welsh Parliament is set to vote on a bill to make it easier for people to get a job in the UK. The bill would allow people to apply for a job if they can prove they have a job to do. The vote is expected to take place in the next few weeks.
The Tories are vulnerable to claims their plans would hit millions of people. They will not give out the details of how their plans will actually work. Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell says he's angry the Conservatives haven't given out full costings for their manifesto. Labour of course, did show us their sums at their launch earlier in the week, and they are on the warpath.
Paddy Lowe led Williams to three drivers' and constructors' championship doubles in a row from 2014 to 2016. The 54-year-old will be replaced by former Ferrari technical director James Allison. Lowe's £3m income for the past two seasons - including all bonuses - is said to have caused tension at Mercedes.
Napo, which represents probation workers, said it understood the knife went missing at HMP Northumberland two weeks ago. It comes after concerns were raised about safety in the prison last week. Sodexo Justice Services, which took over the facility in 2013, said all appropriate security procedures were followed.
Ray Dare died when his bike and a van were involved in a collision on the A41 Ashton Clinton bypass, near Aylesbury, Buckinghamshire. He had belonged to the Surrey-based Kingston Phoenix Road Club for more than 60 years. A statement on the club's website expressed "huge sadness and shock"
"I'm not go to go away and they need to deal with this," he said. His body was found four days after he was reported missing by his brother. He was last seen leaving a party on the Thai island of Koh Samui on 12 February. His brother said he had sent a series of texts to friends saying he was in danger.
Arsenal are the fourth top-tier side to carry the 'Women' name. The club say they will use the title only when "official clarity" is needed. Captain Alex Scott says the name change is a "bold statement of intent, support and unity" She adds: "We are moving forward together as a club"
The man was discovered in a wooded area near the Goodwyns housing estate in Dorking on Monday. Surrey Police has been given more time to question a 21-year-old male arrested on suspicion of murder. The force is awaiting the results of a post-mortem examination.
Francesca Dingley, 22, from north London, died in a Chengdu apartment. The leak came from a water heater that was left running during the night. Her parents have called for all travellers to carry carbon monoxide detectors. The family has previously settled with the firm out of court.
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said his decision to reverse Labour's stance was "embarrassing" Charter would legally force future governments to run an absolute budget surplus when the economy is growing. Critics have dismissed the charter as a "gimmick" that will either bind the hands of future governments or have so may exemptions to be pointless.
The West Indian Carnival in Leeds was launched in 1967. It will take over Potternewton Park for the August bank holiday weekend. An exhibition recording its heritage, political and cultural legacy is planned. There will also be a week of new plays commemorating carnival at West Yorkshire Playhouse.
Bournemouth striker Wilson returns from knee ligament damage. The 24-year-old was an injury-time substitute in Saturday's 2-1 win at Aston Villa. Wilson missed six months of Bournemouth's first Premier League campaign with the injury. The former Coventry City striker required surgery following the injury in September.
Muhanad Mahmoud al-Farekh is accused of supporting a conspiracy to kill Americans. He and two others travelled to the Federally Administered Tribal Areas of Pakistan from Winnipeg, Canada, where they were students. One of the men called a friend to tell him that he should not expect to see him again.
Kazenga LuaLua and Tomer Hemed give Brighton a 2-0 lead at half-time. Freddie Sears pulls one back for Ipswich before David McGoldrick equalises. But Hemed heads in a second two minutes later to hand the Seagulls victory.
The raiders targeted the Central England Co-operative property in Duckmanton. The owner of nearby business WB Motors, Ian Womack, said the raiders had torn down the front of the shop. He said CCTV images from his forecourt "would probably identify the culprits"
Dr Rose Polge, 25, worked at Torbay Hospital in Devon. Her body was found off Portland Bill, Dorset, in April. More than Â£4,000 in donations has been raised for mental health charity Mind and Dartmoor Search and Rescue, which helped look for the junior doctor.
Since late November, Scotland's five mountain resorts have attracted 373,782 customers. For every pound spent on the slopes another £3 is spent in the local economy. More than £28m being spent this winter in local accommodation, cafés, bars, restaurants, shops and filling stations.
Sinn Féin president released without charge after being questioned for four days. Jean McConville, 37, was abducted from her Belfast home, shot and secretly buried. Her body was found on a beach in County Louth in 2003. Police believed to have wanted to charge Mr Adams with IRA membership.
The model of the fearsome predator will be given away free of charge to whoever puts forward the best case. It has been owned by the museum since 2000, but has been languishing in its collections store since 2014. Potential venues will require a clear floor space of 1.6m by 1.2m (5.2ft by 3.9ft)
Four-month-old Eli Cox was found at an address in Minster, Sheppey. He died in hospital on 27 April, Kent Police said. Katherine Cox, 32, and Danny Shepherd, 25, appeared at Medway Magistrates' Court. They are due to appear at Maidstone Crown Court on 13 December.
Mr Poots made the comments on the BBC's Nolan Live on Wednesday night. He said: "I do not like doing business with Sinn Féin. I hold my nose about what has gone on in the past" DUP's Simon Hamilton said he "understood entirely" what Mr Poots had meant.
Kayleigh Haywood, from Measham in Leicestershire, was found dead last November. Stephen Beadman, 29, admitted raping and murdering the teenager. He and Luke Harlow, 27, are on trial at Nottingham Crown Court. Both deny a charge of false imprisonment.
The 21-year-old has progressed through Wigan's youth system. Tierney is the son of former England dual-code international Jason Robinson. His new deal also includes the option of a further year at the club. He has also played on the wing for Wigan in the past.
The annual event marks the anniversary of the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. The event is attended by thousands of people from across the country. It is the first time the event has been held in Ireland since the Second World War. The parade is being held in memory of the soldiers who died in the battle.
Wales has a system of government where a number of things are in the hands of locally elected assembly members. The last assembly election took place in 2016 and the next one is currently pegged for 2021.Things that are not devolved include foreign affairs, benefits, the armed forces, big energy projects, the Severn bridges and negotiations to leave the EU.
Redknapp has added goalkeeper David Stockdale, defender Marc Roberts and midfielder Cheikh N'Doye this summer. Ravel Morrison and Simeon Slavchev also remain on trial with the club. Redknapp confirmed an interest in Bristol City's Aden Flint.
Jamille Matt gave Blackpool the lead after 12 minutes. Kurtis Guthrie equalised from a corner after 17 minutes. Blackpool should have won it 15 minutes from time, but Tom Aldred headed wide. Sean Murray was shown a straight red for a bad tackle on Jim McAlister.
China has "absolutely recognised that it is a problem of overcapacity in their country", Mr Javid said. China rejected suggestions that it subsidised its loss-making steel companies. Meeting ended without any formal agreement, but there was "very strong willingness" to hold further talks.
PC Gavin Smith, who appeared on Channel 5's Police Interceptors, died from cancer aged 34 on 15 February. He joined Durham Police in 2004 and died at home surrounded by his family. Officers formed a guard of honour to accompany his cortege from Durham Market Square to the cathedral.
Nearly 79% of premises in Wales are capable of receiving super-fast internet. The take-up is 6% higher than in Scotland and 8% above Northern Ireland. Wales had the lowest availability of 4G services across the UK. Just under a quarter (23%) of adults had a 4G service in May 2015.
More than 1,700 people are employed in the division, which has factories in Rotherham and Stocksbridge. The Speciality Steels unit makes high-end components for the automotive, aerospace and oil industries. Tata sold its long-products division, based in Scunthorpe, to Greybull Capital in April.
Machynlleth is one of three areas in the county deemed to need a travellers' site to meet rules set out by the Welsh Government. Powys council revealed its preferred site, the cemetery car park on Newtown Road, last month. An engagement event takes place at the bowling club on Monday from 14:00 GMT until 18:00.
Woodpeckers caused "extensive damage" to the spire at St Mary's Church. A grant of Â£78,000 was awarded from the Heritage Lottery Fund. The money will enable the cedar parts to be replaced with oak. The oak will be treated to stop the infestation of the insects.
Donald Trump calls Sen. John McCain an "idiot" at a campaign rally. The Republican presidential candidate has come under fire for calling Mexicans "rapists" and "thugs" He is now leading the race for the Republican nomination for the White House, ahead of Sen. Ted Cruz.
Markets run by federal and state governments opened for the millions of Americans seeking insurance plans. As many as seven million Americans who do not already have health insurance are eligible to purchase coverage in the coming months. Republican opposition to the law led to the government shutdown on Tuesday.
The object was found at the back of a building on Dunluce Street. Police cordoned off part of the street and closed it for an hour. The object was later found to be a hoax and police are investigating. The incident is being treated as suspicious by police.
Officials want distracting functions to be disabled when driving. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) also wants built-in gadgets the driver can use to turn-off non-essential functions. In 2010 electronic devices were involved in 47,000 distraction-related crashes.
The Northern Ireland delegation includes the Rev Harold Good, Sinn Fein's Paul Maskey, the DUP's Jeffrey Donaldson and the SDLP's Mark Durkan. The two sides in the decades-old conflict have been holding peace talks since 2012. An estimated 220,000 people have been killed in the conflict since the 1960s.
Fire and ambulance crews lifted him off the fence at about 02:30 BST. He was taken to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire. Police went to the scene but officers said no crime was committed. The man is understood to have suffered a flesh wound.
Lyth hit two sixes and 13 fours in his 116 not out and shared a third-wicket stand of 150 with skipper Andrew Gale. Gale's 61 was his highest score of the season, but he fell to Tom Curran as his side closed on 207-3, 60 behind.
Andrew Sleat, 43, of Blackfold Road, Crawley, was also fined Â£300 at Crawley Magistrates' Court. About 20 people were evacuated from their homes after the crash in Ardingly High Street. Sleat's Ford Mondeo also damaged three cars in the village.
The show has been accused of using racist and sexist language. It has also been criticised for its use of the word 'f******' The BBC has been asked to make a statement on the matter. It is not known if the BBC will make a further statement on this issue.
The pipe, which supplies Staleen Water Treatment Plant in County Louth, burst on Friday. Irish Water said parts to repair the main arrived on site on Wednesday. Water rationing remains in place and there are 86 stationary water containers in place across counties Louth and Meath.
Two men wearing hooded tops made a purchase at the Antrim Road shop. When the assistant opened the till, one of the men brought out a knife. He lunged towards the woman, jabbing the knife in her direction. Both were challenged by a male member of staff as they left.
Mr Eastwood has been in the party since he was 14 years old. He says the party needs a new generation to take it forward. The election will take place at the party's annual conference in November. Mr Eastwood says he will stand for re-election if he is asked.
Cumbernauld has the dubious distinction of winning the Plook on the Plinth title for having Scotland's "most dismal" town centre in 2001 and 2005. Now an online poll has seen it top a public vote for civic pride. The prize will be collected by a delegation from the town on Friday evening.
Two men from Douglas and a 32-year-old man from Liverpool were held. They are suspected of being involved in the "importation and onward supply" of the Class B drug. The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear in court later.
Huw Irranca-Davies quit the shadow frontbench on Wednesday. He said the party was facing a "huge challenge" at next year's assembly elections. The former Wales Office and DEFRA minister said he intends to play a constructive role in the rebuilding of the Labour party in Wales and the UK.
Sorenstam is looking forward to captaining Europe for the first time. The Swede won 90 tournaments worldwide including 10 majors. Hull won the season-ending LPGA Tour Championship last month. The 20-year-old from Kettering is ranked 16 in the world. Law is leaving University of California, Los Angeles to turn professional.
The Glasgow-based firm had hoped to use the money to help fund the expansion of its Bluetooth tracker, Xupo. The tracker was launched by Strathclyde University graduates Raj Sark and Vincenz Klemt in 2014 after they raised nearly £27,500 in a crowdfunding campaign with Kickstarter.
The blackout began at about noon local time on Saturday and affected all parts of the country linked to the national grid. The high-voltage transmission line runs from West Bengal, India, to Bheramara in Kushtia district, in south-west Bangladesh. Water supplies were also badly hit as most of the pumps which lift groundwater could not function.
Nine of the organisation's 14 board members resigned on Monday. They have yet to explain why they stood down. At least 10 employees have made complaints about working practices. Minister said it was important to "act swiftly and decisively" after being made aware of the issues last week. An interim executive leadership team has been appointed.
NHS England has announced changes to the Cancer Drugs Fund. The fund pays for drugs the NHS has deemed unaffordable. The new system will start in July 2016 and have a fixed budget of Â£340m. No patients receiving drugs on the old CDF will have their medication stopped.
Sean Mitchell, 46, inflicted four stab wounds on Stephen Dagg, 53. He attacked him from behind at the St Mary's Vaults pub in Stamford, Lincolnshire. Mitchell admitted wounding Mr Dagg with intent to cause him grievous bodily harm. He said he had no memory of the attack and simply did not know why it had happened.
Shamima Begum and Amira Abase, both 15, and Kadiza Sultana, 16, left home in February. The Bethnal Green Academy pupils flew from Gatwick to Turkey on 17 February. They later entered Syria and are thought to be in Raqqa, the self-styled capital of the so-called Islamic State.
Wenger was charged with verbally abusing and pushing fourth official Anthony Taylor after being sent off. The 67-year-old reacted angrily to Burnley being awarded a 93rd-minute penalty. Wenger moved away from the pitch but stood at the tunnel entrance and refused to move as he tried to watch the remaining few minutes of Sunday's match.
The antiques were taken from Osterley Park House in Twickenham, London. The pieces have images of Russian ruler Catherine the Great and Prussian king Frederick William II. The cups and saucers are described as dark blue and painted 'en grisaille' with heavy gilding.
The serious case review into events at Winterbourne View, near Bristol, comes after 11 ex-staff members admitted offences against patients. The safety of dozens of patients was raised but the NHS was only informed about a handful of cases. South Gloucestershire Council said it "fully accepted" the findings.
Wright has a batting average of 27.08 from 89 first-class matches. The 27-year-old represented England Under-19s and scored 72 on his Glamorgan debut in 2006. "It has not been an easy decision, but I'm very excited to be starting a fresh challenge," he said.
Raffaele Sollecito and Amanda Knox were convicted of murder in 2009. They were acquitted two years later, but the acquittal was overturned again. In March 2015, Italy's highest court overturned that decision - the final ruling. He was found near the Italian border and confiscated his passport last year.
Defending champion Spieth had a quadruple-bogey seven on the par-three 12th. The American had become the first man to lead the Masters for seven straight rounds going into the final day. Danny Willett became the first Englishman since Faldo in 1996 to win.
Botswana's Isaac Makwala was denied entry to Tuesday's 400m final. The 30-year-old was withdrawn by organisers the IAAF "due to a medical condition" He questioned how officials could know he was ill, without tests. Tuesday's race was won by Olympic champion and world record holder Wayde Van Niekerk.
Middlesbrough beat Bournemouth 2-0 at the Riverside Stadium. Alvaro Negredo and Stewart Downing scored for the first time this season. Josh King had a volley tipped on to the crossbar by Victor Valdes. Andrew Surman went off injured after 79 minutes for the Cherries.
Lord Bannside is proud of his collection of memorabilia from the Home Rule crisis. His display of Home Rule exhibits would not look out of place in a museum. Each item comes with a story of how he acquired it and who gave it to them. He hopes Saturday's parade in Belfast will pass off peacefully.
The 27-year-old has made 73 appearances for Luton since joining in 2013. He helped Hibernian win promotion to the Scottish Premiership last season. Luton boss Nathan Jones says the signing is a'real coup' for the club. He adds: "We have brought in a different Championship-quality player"
Raids took place on Sunday and Monday in Brussels and the provinces of Flemish Brabant and Liege. One of those arrested is suspected of leading and recruiting for a terrorist cell. Police seized military clothing and computer equipment in the raids, but no weapons or explosives.
PM pledges £5m of support, housing guarantees and help with access to bank accounts and cash. Comes a day after she faced criticism for meeting firefighters but not residents at the scene of the blaze in north Kensington. Dozens of demonstrators surged towards the entrance of St Clement's church and there were scuffles.
Chase was mid-way through a four-year deal at the end of this season. The 29-year-old had already been granted a free transfer by Salford. The New Zealand-born half-back qualified for England on residential grounds in 2011 and has since gone on to win 11 caps.
The UK and Scottish governments and Dundee City Council have agreed a public service obligation (PSO) contract worth almost Â£3.7m. Loganair will continue to operate the route from 26 March. The service will see two return flights each weekday and one return flight on a Sunday. The UK Government will contribute 50% of the total funds.
Anglo American to cut workforce by 85,000, from 135,000 to 50,000. Group to suspend dividend payments for a year, and consolidate from six to three businesses. Price of oil is at seven-year lows, as is copper, and the price of iron ore is at 10-year low.
The 25-year-old was hit by the motorbike after several riders came down in a crash. Demoitie was taken to hospital in Lille but died some time later. French police inquiry is under way and the sport's governing body, the UCI, is co-operating.
Stuart McCloskey has signed a long-term deal with Ulster. The 23-year-old made his Ireland debut in the Six Nations in February. He had a year remaining on his previous contract but had no hesitation in signing a new deal. The Ulster Player of the Year says it was always a dream to wear the jersey.
Osiris-Rex blasted away from Florida on an Atlas rocket at 19:05 local time (00:05 BST) It will be seven years before it returns to Earth with its bounty. The material will reveal details about the formation of the planets. It will also improve our knowledge of how potentially dangerous space objects move through the Solar System.
Judge Angela Finnerty said the woman should not have brought the child to England until a family court in Japan had resolved a dispute she was having with the her estranged husband. The judge's decision has been revealed in a written ruling. It follows a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court in London.
A black Citroen came off the promenade, down a grassy slope and through iron railings before rolling on to rocks. Three people were left seriously injured in the incident on Marine Drive, Rhos-on-Sea, Conwy county. Two adults and a teenager, all believed to be women, were taken to hospital.
The bodies were found by a herder looking for his animals near the Somali border. One of the bodies is suspected to be that of a woman who was reported missing a week ago. Residents of ethnic Somali-dominated districts in the region have repeatedly accused Kenya's security agencies of being behind the arrest and disappearance of youths suspected of links with al-Shabab.
President Baldwin Lonsdale said Cyclone Pam had destroyed most buildings in the capital Port Vila.267,000 people live in Vanuatu, spread over 65 small islands. The cyclone did not follow the course it was expected to take, and hit populated areas.
The government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme, launched in January 2014, has seen at least 216 Syrians come to Britain. Prime Minister David Cameron has announced that 20,000 refugees would be brought from refugee camps in countries bordering Syria into the UK by 2020. Mr Vaz said he would write to the prime minister to obtain the number because Mr Harrington's failure to answer.
MPs on the justice select committee said the charge created "serious problems" The fee is paid on top of fines, compensation orders and defendants' own legal charges. It is set according to the type of case, with the minimum charge for magistrates' courts and the maximum level for crown court cases.
US-owned retail firm could have put millions of transactions at risk. Paul Moore first noticed the issue in March 2014 and contacted Asda to report it. Asda said it had now fixed the problem and no customers had been affected. But Mr Moore believes that it should have acted more quickly to rectify the problem.
Andrew Barnes, 61, hit Luke Down with four heavy axe blows to his head. Mr Down, 29, was staying at Barnes's flat for free when he was attacked. Barnes admitted attempted murder and was jailed for 15 and a half years. The judge described the axe attack as an "impetuous moment of madness"
Oribe Peralta opened the scoring for Mexico after just 32 seconds. Fabian Marco hit the Brazil crossbar before a completely unmarked Peralna headed his team's second goal. Brazil pulled a goal back through Hulk in injury-time, before Oscar headed wide when well positioned. Brazil coach Mano Menezes says his side were arrogant and sloppy.
The new £1 coin will be in circulation until the end of the year. A new £2 coin will also be introduced to mark the centenary of the Royal Mint. The new coins will be available in the UK and the U.S. for a year before going into circulation.
Lendl helped Andy Murray win Olympic gold, the US Open and Wimbledon. The former world number one and eight-time Grand Slam champion has had a lot of enquiries. Lendl admitted the travelling issue was the main drawback to taking up another role. Tomas Berdych, the world number seven from the Czech Republic, spoke last week about his wish to work with the American.
The 20-year-old said she was returning home from a night out when she was attacked. She said she passed out after being choked and woke to find a man lying on top of her. Steven Davidson, 23, of Newtongrange, Midlothian, denies rape. The trial at the High Court in Edinburgh continues.
Dick Advocaat quit Sunderland on Sunday with the Black Cats second-bottom of the Premier League. Allardyce, 60, has been out of management since he left West Ham at the end of last season. He becomes the first person to manage both Sunderland and rivals Newcastle.
Ben Llewellin is aiming to win a Commonwealth shooting gold medal. The 22-year-old competes in Olympic skeet - one of the shotgun categories. He's representing Great Britain at every senior competition for the first time. Next month he travels to Baku, Azerbaijan, for the European Championships. His father David is a two-time British Rally Champion.
The British-Lebanese human rights lawyer said IS was also attacking Christians, and Shia and Sunni Muslims. Mrs Clooney called for mass graves to be preserved and exhumed, and witness evidence to be recorded. She said: "Don't let this be another Rwanda, where you regret doing too little, too late"
Sandown Bay Academy came out of special measures two years ago. Head teacher resigned and the board of governors was replaced this year. Pupil numbers have fallen to fewer than 1,000 from 1,252 in 2012. Public consultation is to be held on the plans, with the final decision made by the government.
Six of the accused come from Syria, a seventh from Libya. They range between 16 and 21 in age and arrived in Germany between 2014 and 2016. The alleged ringleader, a 21-year-old Syrian, is accused of lighting a handkerchief and placing it near the man's head.
PM tells MPs it will be open to individual ministers to take a different, personal decision while remaining part of the government. Number of cabinet ministers are thought to favour an out vote. Cameron expected to campaign for Britain to remain in the EU, although he has said he rules nothing out if he does not get what he wants from his renegotiations.
Dassey and his uncle Steven Avery were convicted of murdering Teresa Halbach. His conviction was overturned in 2016 on the basis his confession was coerced. The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, based in Chicago, backed the ruling. But the 27-year-old remains in jail, facing the possibility of a retrial.
Security researchers set up crowd-funding campaign to buy access to Shadow Brokers' hacking tools. But the idea divided the cyber-security community. One of the tools was used to help spread the WannaCry malware that affected thousands of organisations worldwide, including the UK's NHS. The hacking group currently plans to sell a new batch of security exploits for $22,000.
Jonathan Kodjia joins Aston Villa from Bristol City for £10m. Ivory Coast international had also been the subject of interest from Derby County and Premier League side Hull. Villa had reached an agreement to sign Hull forward Abel Hernandez, but the move fell through over personal terms.
The Education Policy Institute think tank has produced a league table of academy trusts and councils in England. David Laws, former schools minister and the institute's chairman, said successive governments had been "in denial" about failing academies. The Local Government Association said it showed academies were no "magic bullet" for improving schools.
11 Doctor Who episodes were discovered, nine of which were missing, in the Nigerian city of Jos. It is thought to be the largest haul of missing episodes recovered in the last three decades. BBC destroyed many of the sci-fi drama's original transmission tapes in the 1960s and 1970s.
Menzies warns full-year profits could be Â£2m lower than previously forecast. It reported strong profit growth at its US hubs, while its distribution arm was "delivering ahead of forecast" Ground handling turns and cargo tonnes were up 9% and 4% respectively.
Russian foreign ministry says UK has no "real influence" over world events. Boris Johnson said events in Syria had "changed the situation fundamentally" He will now be travelling to Lucca, in Italy, for a G7 meeting. He will call for Russian President Vladimir Putin to pull his troops from Syria.
The poster has been shared more than 47,000 times on Facebook. It asks parents not to use the threat of the police when disciplining their children. The poster has divided opinion, with some people calling for the officer to be moved to their local force or saying they would happily go to him for help.
Allegations first made in 1991 by a Leicester man who told police that Greville Janner sexually abused him during the 1970s. Police in Leicestershire investigated allegations against the politician in the 1990s but no charges were brought. Scottish police have reviewed files from the original claim relating to the alleged abuse in Scotland and are now carrying out their own investigation.
Lincoln Ladies will play their home games 35 miles away from their current temporary home at Lincoln City's Sincil Bank. A statement says to meet the criteria for the revamped 2014 Super League they had to establish a partnership with a men's club or similar institution. The club say the shared chairmanship of Ray Trew will bring "mutual gain"
Ms Villiers made the remarks the day after a riot in east Belfast. The trouble flared during a loyalist protest against a council decision to limit the number of days the union flag is flown at Belfast City Hall. She called on all political parties in Northern Ireland to engage in dialogue to resolve disputes over flag and emblems.
Crash happened at about 14:15 BST on the B1191 at Thornton, near Woodhall Spa. Lincolnshire Police said the motorcyclist lived locally, but has not released any further details. The tractor driver was not injured in the crash, which closed the road in both directions.
The Australian singer, 48, and English actor Joshua Sasse, 28, announced their engagement earlier this year. The couple have been vocal supporters of the "Say I Do Down Under" marriage equality campaign. The government has proposed holding a public vote on same-sex marriage in February 2017.
Kat Merchant and Emily Scarratt scored early tries for England. Rawina Everitt crossed for New Zealand. England 24-10 up before Selica Winiata crossed on half-time. Jo Watmore added a fifth try and ScarrATT's boot did the rest.
Researchers analysed data from patients who were taking bisphosphonates. The drug is used to prevent the loss of bone material. After five years, 1.96% of implants failed without the drug, compared with 0.93% in those taking medication. More than 50,000 hip and 70,000 knee, replacements take place in the UK each year.
Megan Huntsman, 40, was arrested a year ago after the bodies were found in cardboard boxes in the garage of her former house. A judge in the city of Provo gave her the maximum sentence of at least 30 years and up to life in prison. Police said that the babies were born between 1996 and 2006 and were suffocated or strangled by Huntsman immediately after birth.
National Association of Head Teachers' annual conference in Liverpool. Head of Anderton Park School: "Trojan Horse has not gone away" Calls for a national register of governors who have been removed or barred. "There is no place for extremism in our schools," says Nicky Morgan.
Dean Bowditch opened the scoring for the hosts after 16 minutes from close range. Ryan Colclough thundered a shot against the crossbar before defender George Williams nodded his first Dons goal via a post in the 24th minute. Ben Reeves cut inside in the 66th minute to restore the two-goal gap. Matty Taylor threw Rovers a lifeline just 66 seconds after the break with a superb right-foot strike.
"Golden Rice" has been developed by scientists to combat vitamin A deficiency. The rice has been modified by adding extra genes that turn on the plant's ability to produce beta-carotene. Vitamin A deficiency is a significant problem among children in developing countries. One cup of Golden Rice could provide half an adult's recommended daily intake.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City. Delph had been linked with a £8m move to the Etihad Stadium. The midfielder had signed a new four-and-a-half year contract with the club in January. The 24-year-old had previously said he was staying at Villa Park.
Emergency services at North Middlesex University Hospital have been rated "inadequate" The hospital said it was "extremely sorry" for the problems in the unit. A&E department now has five additional doctors and consultants on loan from other trusts. A full inspection of the trust will take place in September.
Bailey, 16, was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at Cults Academy. The review, conducted by child welfare professional Andrew Lowe, made 21 recommendations last October. Mr Swinney will give a statement on Tuesday. The schoolboy's killer is serving nine years for culpable homicide.
Ryan began experimenting with drugs when he was 12. By the age of 20 he was dealing thousands of pounds worth of drugs a week. At 20 he discovered God and has not touched drugs ever since. At 24 he launched a catering company called Regis Banqueting. Today the 13-year-old business has blue-chip clients.
First time the language has been included in an official degree. Students will be able to use it to learn about the history of the country. It will also be used to teach students how to read and write in the language. The course will be available in English, Punjabi, Urdu and Arabic.
Deputy Defence Minister Anatoly Antonov said Turkey was the biggest supplier of "stolen" oil from Syria and Iraq. Russian President Vladimir Putin has already accused Ankara of downing the plane on its Syrian border to protect oil supply lines. Turkey said the Russian SU-24 fighter plane intruded into its airspace and ignored repeated warnings to leave.
Leicestershire Police said posing for selfies with armed officers was "safe" They have had an "amazingly positive response" from the public. About 80,000 people are expected at Download over the weekend. Biffy Clyro are headlining the main stage on Saturday night. Aerosmith are the top act on Sunday.
Herman Van Rompuy says talks will be tough but hopefully of mutual benefit. He said the UK had to make the "first move" to leave the EU. Leaders of every EU country, apart from the UK, are gathering in Bratislava. The UK voted by 51.9% to 48.1% to end its membership in a referendum.
Preliminary figures show that operating profit will be 6.1tn won ($5.1bn; Â£3.5bn) Sales also missed forecasts at 53tn won for the period. Chief executive Kwon Oh-hyun had warned that the firm faced challenges.
More than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized by the investigators in the southern city of Liuzhou. They also found packets of a white powder called Sildenafil, better known as the anti-impotence drug Viagra. Police are now investigating the two distillers.
Only half of scheduled collections have taken place recently due to industrial action. Unite called a "glaring pay inequality" in the dispute with contractor Kier. Banes Council said a backlog of waste would be cleared by the weekend. The council said a pay dispute between the Unite union and the contractor Kier was over.
More than 15,600 bank account numbers and sort codes were stolen. TalkTalk shares have lost about a third of their value since news of the cyber-attack emerged. Four people have been arrested over the hack so far: a boy of 15 in Northern Ireland, a 16-year-old boy from west London, a 20- year-old Staffordshire man, and a 16 -year-olds in Norwich.
Lowry is five under par but still has four holes to play on Sunday before starting his final round at Oakmont. American Andrew Landry is two shots behind with players catching up after storms affected the first day. England's Lee Westwood is a shot back on two under, having played 15 holes, along with second-round leader Dustin Johnson and Spain's Sergio Garcia.
The grimsel car took only 1.513 seconds to reach 100kph (62mph) The previous record of 0-100kph in 1.779 seconds was set by a team from the University of Stuttgart last year. The lightning-fast car weighs only 168kg (370lb) thanks to widespread use of carbon fibre.
Lieutenant Colonel Benedict Tomkins, 49, of Defence, Equipment and Support, based at Abbey Wood, near Bristol, is facing trial in the US. He allegedly attacked the woman in her hotel room where he went under false pretences after a drinks reception. The woman told the court Mr Tomkins was "very aggressive" and "took control"
Sarries' Australian lock Skelton slapped the GB Olympic Sevens Rio silver medallist in the face late in the 22-22 European Champions Cup draw. BBC pundit Brian Moore was among those to accuse Davies, 26, of over-reacting.
The five engines broke off from the spaceship after blast off and crashed somewhere in the Atlantic Ocean. Mr Bezos paid for a team to use advanced sonar scanning equipment to track down the lost F-1 engines. He said he was going to ask Nasa, which owns the rockets, for permission to display one of the engines.
This year the festival features over 200 sculptures including iconic Asian buildings carved out of snow and ice. A ten metre tall model of a high speed train is also one of the big attractions. Organisers hope over two million people will visit from all over the country, and abroad, to see the sculptures.
"People were just so excited and happy," says Ollie Williams, one of The Busy Twist duo. Inspired by highlife, reggae and dance sounds emanating from Ghana's streets and clubs, the track represents something different from digitally driven dance music. With a rented boom box the pair took to the streets, filming passers-by.
TV coverage showed hundreds of empty seats at Leicester City's third-round replay against Spurs, with many home fans missing the start of the game. One supporter claimed the delays at the King Power Stadium, caused by ticketing problems, could have "turned nasty" Leicester City FC has apologised and launched an investigation.
The Dow Jones closed down 46.37 points at 17,373.38. The S&P 500 dropped 5.99 points to 2,077.57. Nasdaq index fell 12.90 points to 5,043.54. Groupon fell 5.34% after the daily deals website reported disappointing revenue growth.
Kevin Pietersen is to undergo a "re-integration" period before his expected return to action. The batsman retired from one-day international cricket but starred in Tests. He later reversed his decision but was then dropped entirely over "provocative texts" Pietersen was also upset by a Twitter parody account that mocked him.
The largest study of its kind unpicked practically all the errors that cause healthy breast tissue to go rogue. The international team looked at all 3 billion letters of people's genetic code - their entire blueprint of life - in 560 breast cancers. They uncovered 93 sets of instructions, or genes, that if mutated, can cause tumours.
Chronic pain is caused partly by a person's genetic make-up and partly by as-yet-unidentified risk factors shared by partners in the same environment. Scientists identified significant overlaps between the risk factors for chronic pain and depression. The study used data from more than 100,000 people taking part in the Generation Scotland and UK Biobank projects.
Chelsea won the Premier League in 2004-05 and 2016-17. Didier Drogba, Claude Makelele and Frank Lampard were key players. N'Golo Kante was named player of the year in both seasons. Click here for more Chelsea news.
University and College Union (UCU) members will meet later to discuss what form the action should take. Campaigners have asked the university to reconsider the move, highlighting its "strong record" in educating people from disadvantaged groups. University says it needs to reduce costs in line with its student numbers.
Paul McMullen, Billy King and Mark Durnan on target for United. Ray McKinnon's men now have six points out of six following win over Raith Rovers. The result was marred by striker James Keatings being carried off. The game was played at Victoria Park.
Kent keeper Adam Rouse needed treatment for a dislocated finger. Matt Coles and Darren Stevens removed Mark Wallace and Jacques Rudolph in the first two overs. Will Bragg (33 no) and Chris Cooke (42 no) played positively in response. Cooke was dropped on 23. Glamorgan rested in-form South Africa batsman Colin Ingram.
Joshua Dobby appeared at Bromley Magistrates' Court charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving. Makayah McDermott and Rozanne Cooper died after the car crashed in Penge, south-east London on Wednesday. Three girls were also injured and remain in hospital.
Emily Gardner, 14, from Gloucester, drowned in Brixham, Devon in May 2015. Parents Clive and Debbie Gardner set up Emily's Code to highlight safety issues for small boat owners and users. They said something as simple as checking a buoyancy aid or lifejacket fits properly could save a life.
The Senegal international joined for £9m from Lille in July 2015. Gueye played 35 times as Villa were relegated from the Premier League last season. The 26-year-old scored his only goal for the club in their FA Cup fourth round win against Wycombe in January. The fee that has activated the departure clause is about £7m.
Asisat Oshaola and Kelechi Iheanacho up for awards. Florence Omagbemi nominated for Coach of the Year. Pitso Mosimane up for African Champions League title with Mamelodi Sundowns. Uganda coach Milutin 'Micho' Sredojevic nominated for Africa Cup of Nations.
The A36 in Bath was closed after the crash at 03:00 GMT. The road was reopened at 14:00, but some services are still delayed. Police are investigating the cause of the crash, which happened in the early hours of the morning. A spokesman for First said it would take a few hours for all services to resume.
Pollock finished with a time of 65.53 in a race won by Shadrack Korir of Kenya. The 30-year-old from Holywood was 32nd in the marathon at the Rio Olympics. Pollock was returning to Cardiff where he ran a superb 62:46 to finish 14th at the World Half Marathon Championship.
Sheikh Ali Salman tells the BBC that for national dialogue to be meaningful, the government had to show its willingness to offer "concrete solutions" Hardliners are said to be opposed to a dialogue process which has only just been agreed between the government and six opposition societies. They fear that any concessions will only serve to encourage more demands.
Students at Riverheads High School were asked to trace a piece of Arabic calligraphy. The assignment was meant to show the complexity of the language. But the response was negative and the school was forced to close for the day. School officials say they will use a different example in the future.
Johan Cruyff died of cancer on Thursday at the age of 68. The former Barcelona and Ajax forward was a three-time European Footballer of the Year. His family say they will hold a private funeral, while a public memorial will also be organised. Former Manchester United midfielder Jordi has paid tribute to his father.
The Czech is playing in only her second tournament since she was stabbed by an intruder at her home in December. Kvitova will play fellow Czech Lucie Safarova in Saturday's semi-final. Sixth seed Garbine Muguruza is also through, after Coco Vandeweghe retired from their quarter-final with the score tied.
The Loyalist Community Council (LCC) has created the flag. It is supported by the Ulster Defence Association (UDA) and the Red Hand Commando. The group has also drawn up a set of protocols for the flying of flags. The LCC hopes to reduce the number of flags flying in public places.
Citroen driver Meeke wins penultimate stage to extend lead to 37.2 seconds. Briton narrowly missed parked cars as he went off the road with under one kilometre left. He finished 13.8 seconds ahead of world champion Sebastien Ogier.Hyundai driver Thierry Neuville finished third, 45.9 seconds behind Ford's Ogiers.
Robin Li was in the passenger seat when he made a video call to an artificial-intelligence developers conference in the Chinese capital. He reportedly told his audience the vehicle was on autopilot and that the journey was smooth. Baidu is one of many firms developing prototypes of self-driving vehicles that use mapping and artificial intelligence technology.
He began broadcasting in the days of skiffle and was still at the microphone in the second decade of the 21st Century. As presenter of Thank Your Lucky Stars, he introduced the Beatles and the Rolling Stones to a television audience. In January 2017, the BBC announced that his standing down because of ill-health and that his place would be taken by Tony Blackburn.
Charnley has crossed codes from Super League side Wigan Warriors. The 25-year-old wing is hoping he can take to the game more naturally. He did not grow up watching the Premiership, Six Nations or England internationals. Charnley scored a try at the Grand Final at Old Trafford last month.
A fifth of Israel's population is Arab and they often complain that areas in which they live are not so well policed and have poorer public services. One of his main responsibilities will be to stop illegal weapons falling into the hands of the Arab community. The government wants to recruit 1,300 new officers and construct several new stations in Arab population centres.
Consett has never had a Conservative MP but the Tory vote held up surprisingly well in other parts of the North-East while Thatcher was in power. In 1983, the party took 34% of North East votes, and had five MPs. It was only after she left office that anti-Tory attitudes really hardened.
Iglesias was performing in Tijuana, Mexico when he reached for the drone. He was apparently trying to give fans a point-of-view shot from the stage. The 40-year-old was advised to end the show, but performed for another 30 minutes. He underwent reconstructive surgery on Monday.
Alan McQuillan said police needed to focus on paramilitaries. The former policeman was taking part in a BBC Talkback discussion. He said the focus needed to be on teaching parents and children about the drugs trade. He was speaking after a family emergency in which a relative became unwell.
Maro Itoje starts at lock in an otherwise unchanged pack from the one that beat the Crusaders last Saturday. Peter O'Mahony captains the side in Rotorua, with tour skipper Sam Warburton on the replacements' bench. Owen Farrell is among the replacements, and Gatland says there is "every chance" he will play alongside Sexton.
Action on Hearing Loss Cymru survey found many job seekers are reluctant to list it on job applications. Many public sector organisations were found to show poor practice in the report to mark Deaf Awareness Week. 4% of Wales' working-age population are deaf or wear hearing aids.
Aaron Lewis, 26, was shot three times outside Anna Jungs in Wavertree. He was taken to Aintree Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. A 19-year-old man went to hospital with a gunshot wound to his upper body. Police believe the offender ran down the road towards the city centre.
The UN bestowed the honorary title to the famed heroine, also known as Princess Diana of Thermyscira. More than 1,000 of anonymous and "concerned" UN staff members signed an online petition arguing that Wonder Woman was not an appropriate choice. Critics contend the character's appointment appears to be dated at a time when gender equality is at the forefront of global issues.
Spencer Vaughan, 27, suffered spinal damage after hitting his head on a sand bar in Gran Canaria. He is seeking damages from the MoD for not warning about the dangers of diving into shallow waters. Mr Justice Davis will give his ruling at a later date.
The US and Japan have been key allies since the end of World War Two. Mr Abe described the 90-minute meeting in Trump Tower, New York, as "candid", with a "warm atmosphere" Mr Trump has vowed to scrap the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, which Mr Abe supports.
This is the first European Championship to feature 24 teams. 23 of them were in contention for a place in the last 16 going into the last round of group games. There has been an average of 1.92 goals per game so far, only the second time it has been lower than two per match in a group stage since the first finals in 1980.
Tara Hudson, 26, was jailed at the all-male HMP Bristol for 12 weeks after admitting assault. Her supporters claim it has placed her in danger of sexual violence. More than 110,000 people have signed a petition calling for her to be moved. Her appeal will be heard on Friday.
Shocked onlookers swam across the boating lake at Stanborough Park, Welwyn Garden City. The man, who is from Potters Bar, was taken to hospital but discharged later in the day. Police said he was "shaken" but "not injured"
The BBC Micro Computer was hugely popular, and was in around 80% of school classrooms in the UK at the time. Released in 1981 the top end model of the BBC Micro had 128KB of memory, to put that into perspective you would need almost 8,000 Micro Computers.
The 22-year-old helped Southend win promotion out of League Two last season. He spent the first half of this season back on loan at the Shrimpers. Pigott is reunited with Luton boss Nathan Jones, who was his under-21 manager at the Addicks.
The 10-part Channel 4 and Sony Pictures Television series will star Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston. Other writers on the project include Matthew Graham (Doctor Who) and 50 Shades screenwriter Kelly Marcel. Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas writer Tony Grisoni is also one of the scriptwriters.
Police said the child, who is thought to have been shot by her father who was found dead at the scene in Northiam, is seven years old. The body of the man was found in a car parked outside a house in the Spring Hill area of the village. Police would not confirm the relationship between the girl and the man.
Bill Palmer, from Southampton, married his wife Sheila, 85, on 2 June 2014. Shortly afterwards she fell and was taken into a nursing home. Mr Palmer phoned the BBC Radio Solent programme on Wednesday. A recording of the call has been viewed tens of thousands of times on Facebook.
Banbury's Horton General has been trying "very hard" since April to recruit new obstetricians. Oxford University Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust has told Horton staff the plan could take effect from the end of September. Victoria Prentis, Banbury MP, said the "contingency" midwife plan was "terrifying"
The rare mineral is only found beneath Treak Cliff Hill, near Castleton in the Peak District. It has been named the Ridley Vein after Gary Ridley, the miner who found it after attempting a new mining method with a stone chainsaw. The stone was fashionable during the Regency period in the early 1800s and is displayed at Buckingham Palace.
The 28-year-old tested positive for a banned substance just days before heading to the Olympic Games in Rio. He claimed the result was orchestrated to stop him speaking out about politics in Indian sports. Director general of India's anti-doping agency denied samples could have been tampered with.
Tablets are now being used in 68% of primary and 69% of secondary schools. In 9% of schools, there was an individual tablet device for every pupil. But study says there is no clear evidence of academic improvement for pupils using tablet devices. Between 2014 and 2016, the number of tablet computers in schools is expected to rise from about 430,000 to almost 900,000.
Fossil Free QUB students occupy a floor of the university's administration building. They are calling for the university to withdraw its investments entirely from fossil fuel corporations. One of the students involved, Sean Fearon, said the university was being "intransigent" in refusing to commit to divestment.
Camara played 26 games and scored just once during his time at Derby. The 27-year-old winger joined the English Championship side from Angers in January 2016. Camara has previously played for Rennes and Sochaux, Greek club PAOK and Spanish side Mallorca. The Guinean is desperate to salvage what is left of his career.
The Londoner beat competition from the likes of Florence + The Machine, Wolf Alice and Supergrass star Gaz Coombes. The 26-year-old broke down in tears as he dedicated his award to the victims of the Paris terror attacks. The musician's debut album is a searingly-personal collection of piano-based songs.
The victim, aged 62, had been stabbed in his chest and neck and had a bite mark on his face. The suspect, a Zimbabwean national, was found in the Gugulethu township near Cape Town. He is due to be formally charged in court later on Thursday or Friday.
Mr Kaczynski's Law and Justice party never accepted an inquiry that found the Smolensk crash was an accident. The party, which was returned to power in elections last month, accuses Mr Tusk of negligence. He resigned as prime minister last year to become European Council president.
Cardiff City's annual accounts show the club owes £174m to the Malaysian government. The money is part of a deal to pay off debts owed by the club. The club also owes £7.5m to a Malaysian bank for loans made to the club in the past.
The unconscious man was found on the Old Shoreham Road at 03:50 BST. It is believed he was hit by a vehicle which failed to stop. He has potentially life-threatening injuries, Sussex Police said. Anyone with information is asked to call the police quoting Operation Bycroft.
Sheffield City Council has launched an appeal to raise Â£150,000 for a bronze sculpture in the Barkers Pool area. Former steelworker Kathleen Roberts said: "It breaks my heart that we haven't been recognised and everyone else has been" The planned sculpture has been designed by artist Martin Jennings.
Nelson has played four games for Pools since joining in January. The 19-year-old went off injured just minutes after being introduced as a substitute in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Plymouth Argyle. Head physio Ian Gallagher says it is doubtful he will play again this season.
Here are some of your pictures from the 26 beaches ranked as Scotland's "most excellent" for water quality. Some of the beaches have been in Scotland for more than 100 years. Others have only been in the country for a few months. Some have been there for as little as a few weeks.
Sexton suffered a suspected groin injury, before O'Connell was carried off at the end of the first half. Rob Kearney's try increased Ireland's lead before O’Mahony had to be taken off. Conor Murray added a further late try as the gutsy Irish set up a quarter-final with Argentina next Sunday.
Sean Buckley, 28, of Tonypandy, carried out a "deliberate and vicious" attack on Finley Thomas in September 2014. He was also found guilty of child cruelty, a charge his partner Chloe Thomas, Finley's mother, had already admitted. Sentencing will take place later on Thursday at Cardiff Crown Court.
The 86-year-old first became prime minister in 1982, beginning a third spell in 2014. He said he was resigning in favour of a "younger and more dynamic leader" His son is currently finance minister, head of the Militant Socialist Movement. Former prime minister Navin Ramgoolam warned the family was turning Mauritius into a "banana republic"
Scientists in London created an artificial windpipe which was then coated in stem cells from the patient.Crucially, the technique does not need a donor, and there is no risk of the organ being rejected. The 36-year-old cancer patient is doing well a month after the operation.
The 24-year-old spent three years with Israel's Ironi Ashdod. He played in all of Nigeria's games at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. The defender has joined up with Hearts ahead of the new Scottish season. He is expected to make his debut against St Johnstone on Sunday.
Misa Eguchi, of Japan, moves into the main draw for the tournament. Azarenka, 28, separated from his father in July and last week she issued a statement saying she could only play in the tournament "if I leave Leo behind" The Australian Open champion in 2012 and 2013, reached the final in New York in the same two years.
Louis Thornton, 26, was found dead in his hotel room on Saturday. Club treasurer Steve Corran said he was a "big character" on and off the pitch. Corinthians said everyone was welcome at the club to pay their own tributes. Mr Thornton's death is not being treated as suspicious, the club said.
Gaps, Glitches and Speed Bumps on the No. 9 bus is part of his residency for the Royal British Society of Sculptors. Artist William Mackrell draws the bumps and swerves on the bus. The work is on show at the Royal Gallery of Art in London until the end of the month.
Stoke City beat Aston Villa 2-1 at the Britannia Stadium on Saturday. Mark Arnautovic opened the scoring with a penalty after Ashley Westwood brought down Phil Bardsley. He set up his second with a looping header which he then chested in. Leandro Bacuna's late goal gave Villa hope of an unlikely point. But the Premier League's bottom club remain eight points from safety.
WhatsApp and similar applications make it possible for news organisations to reach far-flung corners of the globe where other media are often blocked. Here are a few recent examples of how you have enhanced BBC News output by getting in touch via the app. You have been telling us how you use WhatsApp every day.
In 2012, we've swung from droughts to floods, hot to cold. The impact has been felt far and wide, not least by the UK's burgeoning wine industry. Professor Tim Palmer says that with climate change, the jet stream could become far more variable. Scientists say we need more powerful computers and better climate models.
Cambridge have almost been rebuilt as a club, returning to the Football League this season after a nine-year absence. They more than matched the Red Devils until tired legs inevitably took their toll late on. Cambridge keeper Chris Dunn saved brilliantly from Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria and substitute Robin van Persie off target.
World leaders agreed to work towards a so-called cessation of hostilities in Syria within a week. But neither the Syrian government nor the rebels were involved in the deal and both have since vowed to continue fighting. Turkey's assault is a new thread in an already-complex conflict that has drawn in competing regional powers.
Fire crews were called to the blaze in a second-floor property on George Street at about 05:15. The man's condition is not thought to be serious and he is in a stable condition. The fire is thought to have started on the second floor of the property.
Thomas Baker, known as Tommy, was found badly injured at Stanley Meat Market. The 44-year-old, from Everton, had been shot in the head and chest. Three Liverpool men arrested - two aged 29 and the other 32 - remain in police custody for questioning.
Peterborough lost 2-1 at home to Oldham in League One on Tuesday. The defeat kept the Posh 12th in the table, eight points off the play-off places. Posh boss Steve Westley believes his side are suffering a hangover from the FA Cup defeat.
Closures remain in place in Devon at Slapton, Taw and Torridge and in Jersey. Latest tests have showed satisfactory water quality levels, said FSA. FSA will allow the closed shellfish beds to re-open as long as there is one further test that shows the bed has E coli within accepted tolerance levels.
Georgia says Russian troops have installed signs marking the "state border" of the breakaway region of South Ossetia further inside Georgian territory. The move has left a small portion of the Baku-Supsa oil pipeline under Russia's effective control. Georgia's Foreign Minister Tamar Beruchashvili condemned the border move as a continuation of "creeping Russian annexation"
The school was at the heart of the events, close to the Charlie Hebdo offices. One of my students heard the shots being fired by the Kouachi brothers. Many of our pupils skateboard in Place de la Republique. It all meant a lot to them. They needed to make sense what had happened.
Ghana has not been affected by the epidemic in West Africa, which has killed more than 11,000 people. A small team will stay until the end of June to co-ordinate air operations. Most of the mission's staff and assets have been moved to Sierra Leone and Guinea, where 24 new cases of Ebola were reported in the last week.
A 15-year-old boy told the BBC he survived by drinking water from wet clothes and eating clarified butter. A woman was pulled from a collapsed block where she had been trapped alongside three bodies. Bad weather is hampering the delivery of relief to remote villages, a Nepali government spokesman said.
United Health Group was the best performer on the Dow Jones, up 2.7%. Tenet Healthcare rose 12%. The failure to find an agreement between Greece and its creditors continued to hang over shares. The latest numbers on US consumer spending showed a monthly increase of 0.9%.
Match of the Day commentator Conor McNamara and former Manchester United striker Danny Webber will talk you through the action. South Shields play in Northern League Division One - the eighth tier of English football - and are captained by Argentine former Sunderland and Middlesbrough full-back Julio Arca. Bridlington Town are a tier below, in the Northern Counties East League.
Jonathan Calderwood is the head groundsman at Paris Saint-Germain. His pitch will host Northern Ireland's game against Germany at Euro 2016. Calderwood was awarded French Groundman of the Year in his first season in Paris. He has received praise from some of the world's most expensive footballers.
The three legislators say they agreed to leave the legislature to break the continuing stand-off. The request by the three legislators - Julio Haron Ygarza, Nirma Guarulla and Romel Guzamana - was approved by the opposition-held assembly. The newly-elected National Assembly had defied the Supreme Court ruling.
The lorry was found by Bedfordshire Police at Toddington Services, on the M1, in the afternoon. Six people are being held in custody. Supt Trevor Roe, from Essex Police, said it was a "positive outcome" He said: "We've seen with human trafficking....the events could turn out to be very tragic"
The study, by the Institute of Education, examined the reading habits of 6,000 children. It indicated reading for pleasure was more important to a child's development than how educated their parents were. Researchers concluded a wide vocabulary helped children absorb information across the curriculum. They analysed the results of tests taken at the age of 16 by 6,00 children, all born in one week.
The 32-year-old Irishman is accused of striking Dundee United striker Aidan Connolly in the face with his elbow. Goodwin was not pulled up for the offence during United's 3-0 win. He was banned for two matches last season for elbowing United midfielder Stuart Armstrong.
Women now constitute a third of the 11,000 Anglican priests. The Church's 42 dioceses have given unanimous backing to the latest proposals. Traditionalists oppose women bishops because of their belief that the Bible calls for men to head churches. The new law will be "promulgated" by the Synod in November.
Colin Gregg, 75, denies nine counts of indecent assault. He is accused of abusing four boys aged between 10 and 14 in the 1960s. He denies the charges and says the allegations are motivated by money. The trial at Leeds Crown Court is expected to last two weeks.
Northstone showed a pre-tax profit of??6m on turnover of??239m. Its best-known trading business is the Farrans construction firm. The firm bought the Cemex (NI) cement business for an undisclosed sum. It also sells quarry products and ground access systems for the utility industries.
The Westgate attack has boosted business in the private security industry. Kenya has increased its security budget this year by 24% to $1.7bn (Â£1bn) Part of that money is meant to employ 10,000 more police officers. But not everyone can afford to pay for private security officers.
About 90 people are being trained in a secure location in Jordan, Turkey, Qatar and Saudi Arabia. The Pentagon intends to train and arm more than 15,000 rebels over the next three years. The fighters will be paid by the United States, and, when deployed, will continue to receive back up from coalition forces.
Liberal centrist Emmanuel Macron and nationalist Marine Le Pen are already revolutionising French politics. They have delivered a big blow to the long-dominant Socialists and conservative Republicans. The decisive second round is on 7 May - and polls suggest Mr Macron is ahead. So what are the main differences between the Macron and Le Pen visions?
Derek Serpell-Morris, known as DJ Derek, went missing last July aged 73. His remains were discovered in March after a high-profile search. The former accountant was known to thousands of music fans. He played hundreds of sets at local clubs and pubs, as well as at Glastonbury.
Lanza appears to have kept a low profile throughout his life. His high school yearbook of 2010 contained no photograph of him. His mother pulled him out of the school and taught him at home because she was unhappy with the school district's plan for his education. His aunt said that Adam was "definitely the challenge to the family in that house"
Ireland beat Wales 3-1 in the semi-finals of the World League 3. Anna O'Flanagan, Katie Mullan and Zoe Wilson scored the goals. The Irish now turn their focus to the Eurohockey Championships in August."We have had an incredible experience and have grown and learnt a lot as a group," says coach Graham Shaw.
Man suffered serious neck injuries after falling from a low roof at Melbury Lodge, Royal Hampshire County Hospital, in December 2015. The Care Quality Commission brought the prosecution against Southern Health, who run the Winchester hospital. Southern Health has previously been criticised over its failure to properly investigate the deaths of hundreds of patients in its care.
Two men in their 20s arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm. The operation was not linked to a fatal police shooting in Luton earlier in the day. Detectives from the Met's serious and organised crime command were supported by officers from Bedfordshire Police. Local residents were warned by armed police to stay inside their homes.
After another set of economic figures stronger than expected, is this economic pain cancelled, or simply postponed? On that central issue rests the fate of the government's economic policy. If it is pain cancelled that means better real incomes for voters and more leeway to spend money on public services.
Lib Dem Jane Dodds said UKIP lacked "care and compassion" on healthcare issues. UKIP's Caroline Jones said Ms Dodds was "taking things to extremes" It follows UKIP leader Nigel Farage's comments on migrants using the NHS for HIV treatment costing Â£25,000 per year.
Raonic beats Federer in straight sets to claim his eighth title. The Canadian had only beaten Federer once before. The Australian Open starts on 18 January. The final will be played at the Australian Open in Melbourne on January 26-28. Click here for more from the Brisbane Open.
Danny Rose scored twice for the Stags to inflict a sixth successive defeat on the home side. Rose gave the Stag the lead after four minutes when he drilled a low shot past Barry Roche from 12 yards. The Shrimps were level three minutes later after a mistake in the Mansfield defence.
The two men were wearing masks when they attacked the man. The victim was taken to hospital with head and body injuries. Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident in Kilmarnock. The pair are believed to have left the scene in a black car, police say.
Celtic lost 3-2 on penalties to Rangers in the Scottish Cup final. Celtic captain Scott Brown missed a first-half chance to give his side the lead. Former Rangers midfielder Andy Halliday impressed for the visitors. Ferguson believes Rangers could be a force in the Premiership next season.
Newport County confirm Mike Flynn as caretaker boss until the summer. Exiles are 11 points adrift at the bottom of League Two and in danger of relegation. Westley lasted five months and became County's second boss sacked this term. Foxall says the hope is that Flynn will be able to galvanise the County supporters.
Janice Farman, originally from Clydebank, was killed at her home in front of her son earlier this month. Her parents said they heard about her death through social media and cannot attend her funeral due to ill health. The men accused of involvement are Anish Soneea, 18, Ravish Rao Fakhoo and Kamlesh Mansingh, both 25.
Survey finds 79% of East Midlands residents unable to name a single representative. Approval levels highest in the North East (31%) and West Midlands (28%) Only 20% of people living in North West of England said their local authority addressed the needs of their local communities.
Reactions range from the "BBC has killed Top Gear", to praise for a "brave BBC" The story was also news for media in areas as far apart as Latin America and Europe. The Russian Defence Ministry even offered Clarkson a job at its own TV station. The BBC's decision not to renew Clarkson's contract was greeted with approval by internet users in Argentina.
Asif Khan was accused of telling children not to have pet dogs. He was also accused of turning his back on a woman as she shook his hand. The case was heard by the National College of Teaching and Leadership. It was not proven and Mr Khan was allowed to keep his job.
The 32-year-old earned his only cap for Wales in 2006. Davies has spent time at eight clubs including Nottingham Forest, Yeovil and Peterborough. "No matter what club you are at you have to strive to do the best you can and aim for the top," Davies says.
Moderate exercise increased the size of the hippocampus, an area of the brain that makes memories, in 120 volunteers. The year-long trial, published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, showed performance on memory tests also improved. In the UK, 820,000 people have dementia, and this figure is set to double by 2030.
Ben Hall, 25, was found hanged in his bathroom at Grianagh Court, Belfast. Coroner said he should have been given a safer shower rail. All en suite bathrooms on the acute adult ward have now been fitted with rails. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Evie Markham, 18, from Albrighton in Shropshire, made it to the embassy in Kathmandu on Friday evening only to be told it was closed. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office (FCO) said it was looking into her case. FCO teams were "working around the clock" to to help British nationals in Nepal.
Former world No. 1 Novak Djokovic is in the same half of the draw as Andy Murray. British No. 2 Andy Murray is also in the men's draw for the first time in his career. The pair will play each other in the second round of the tournament.
France's National Front leader Marine Le Pen said the French must now also have the right to choose. Dutch anti-immigration politician Geert Wilders said the Netherlands deserved a "Nexit" vote. Italy's Northern League said: "Now it's our turn" European parliament has called a special session for next Tuesday.
Border Force officers found 19 Albanians and one Syrian hidden in a lorry. The HGV driver was jailed for five years at Newcastle Crown Court. Accomplices Ferdinand Gjolla and Armando Mekolli were jailed for eight and three years respectively. All three were found guilty of conspiring to facilitate unlawful entry into the UK.
The Haka means "fierce dance" and was traditionally performed by the Maoris before going into battle. The New Zealand rugby team also perform the special dance before all their international matches. Prince Harry is currently on a week-long tour of New Zealand and Australia.
Stirling University academics called for a "retail revolution" to help people choose healthier options. Food Standards Scotland said Scottish obesity levels were projected to rise to 40% by 2030. Scottish Grocers' Federation said the report failed to take account of the efforts already being made to promote healthy eating.
The Glasgow club said the employee, who is now dead, had worked at Partick for two years. Police Scotland and the Scottish Football Association have been informed. The club urged anyone who may have been affected to contact Police Scotland, the SFA, the club or the NSPCC helpline (0800 0232642)
Hovefield site is subject to a High Court injunction preventing further development. It is less than three miles (5km) from the Dale Farm traveller site in Wickford. Essex Police is investigating a criminal damage report involving the fence. Basildon Council said it is aware of "an alleged breach of planning laws"
Hutchison shares jumped 4% on the announcement after they resumed trading in Hong Kong. They had been suspended on Friday morning pending the statement. Three owner Li-Ka Shing's move for O2 means there will be three giants in charge of our phones and the prices we pay to use them.
McBryde leads Wales against Samoa and Tonga this summer in the absence of Warren Gatland and Rob Howley, who coach the Lions in New Zealand. Cardiff Blues face the Ospreys at the Principality Stadium on Saturday. Newport Gwent Dragons play the Scarlets in the double header with Gatland naming his Lions squad on 19 April.
The project was the result of a joint study by two researchers - one specialising in robotics, the other architecture - at ETH Zurich University. They hope the technology could eventually be used to save lives. The technology was developed by researchers at the Institute for Dynamic Systems and Control and Gramazio Kohler Research.
Paul Good, 53, and Darryl Shellard, 45, both from Liverpool were convicted of fraud and jailed for eight and seven years each. Merseyside Police said one businessman even lost his home as a result of the scam. Some offences dated back 10 years with victims spread across the UK.
Nine families have been resettled in Aberdeenshire in the past few weeks. Faith groups and the North East Scotland Credit Union (Nescu) have set up an account to allow people to donate money for essential items. The fund will be managed by representatives of the Church of Scotland, Aberdeen Mosque and Islamic Centre (AMIC)
Rock music legends share their thoughts on running or setting up a business in 2016. From implementing plans to further grow their companies, to dealing with the likely problems that will need to be overcome, this is the time of year when forward planning is the centre of attention. Here some of the best business leaders - and rock music legends - profiled in 2015 for the BBC's The Boss slot.
The Cornish Pirates are seventh in the Championship. Morgan has amassed over 200 games since joining from Newbury in 2008. The club have already agreed new deals with prop Marlen Walker and back row Dan Lee. Tyler Gendall has gone on loan to Harlequins until the end of the season.
Support Stafford Hospital campaigners and police said up to 30,000 people had joined the march, from the town centre to the hospital. A Monitor report published in February called for the closure of acute services including the A&E department. The trust that runs the hospital was put into administration on Monday.
Luke Bennett, 20, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis four years ago. After medication and steroids failed to improve his condition, he had surgery. Mr Bennett posted a picture of himself with a colostomy bag on Facebook. He said: "If you have surgery there's nothing really to worry about"
George Washington was a slaveholder. He was the only founding father and commander-in-chief to liberate his slaves. He saw himself as a benevolent master, but he did not tolerate suspected shirkers. He once scolded a slave who pleaded that he could not work because his arm was in a sling.
The project is part of a wider plan to link the East Midlands to the rest of the UK. The cost of the project is estimated to be around £200m. The project is expected to be completed by the end of the year. It is one of a number of schemes being considered for the region. The other projects include a new rail link between Nottingham and Leeds.
The takeover has already been approved by the WRU and Dragons boards. It needs to be ratified by 75 per cent of Newport RFC shareholders next month. The ground is used by the Dragons regional side, Newport RFC and League Two football club Newport County. It is in need of updating, with the pitch suffering from water-logging problems that have led to football and rugby matches being abandoned.
The modern Beltane Fire Festival has run since 1988. This year's celebration included drummers, fire dancers, physical theatre, and a bonfire. Event co-ordinator Sara Thomas said Beltane was an ancient tradition with a modern twist. The festival is a celebration of the coming of summer.
1st Armoured Division Signal Regiment and 16th Signal Regiment will join 22 Signal Regiment at Beacon Barracks. The move is part of a wider shake-up of defence bases. The Ministry of Defence plans to move 20,000 troops from bases in Germany to the UK between 2010 and 2020.
Joshua Brown was killed when his car collided with a lorry. US National Highway Traffic Safety Administration found no evidence of a defect. Investigation did not find any evidence that the car's systems "did not perform as designed" NHTSA said it would continue to monitor the safety of Autopilot and take further action if necessary.
Uganda's prime minister apologises to all homosexuals living in the country. Anti-gay bill proposes to increase penalties for homosexual acts from 14 years in jail to life. The government has created a directorate of security for all government websites. The operations were carried out by a group known as The Elite Society.
The Ulster Gazette carries the story of a Portadown man who was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' In the Antrim Guardian, a former lifeguard is hailed a hero after he rescued a man from drowning in the Six Mile Water river. In the Lurgan Mail is a celebration of Special Olympian Caolán McConville.
He is the only left-arm bowler to take nine wickets in a Test match. He has also taken 74 in 71 one-day internationals. He is the third man to reach 300 Test wickets. He will play three Tests against England in May and June.
Victim was struck in Lawley Middleway between Ashted Circus and Curzon Circle. A 78-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving and failing to stop has been bailed. Officers are trying to trace relatives of the victim, who is believed to be from eastern Europe.
US Congress overrode a veto by President Barack Obama. He said the law set a "dangerous precedent" and could lead to lawsuits. Leaders of the Republican party in Congress have said they want to reconsider the law. 15 of the 19 hijackers that day were Saudi nationals, but the kingdom has denied any role in the attacks.
Two of the ship's four fuel tanks were damaged in the storm. The ship will be repaired in Malta before being taken to Turkey for repairs. It is thought that most of the fuel will have evaporated by the time the ship is repaired and put back on the water.
The victims have been identified as Shehzad Masih and his wife Shama. Police say the suspects are due to appear in court on Wednesday in Lahore. Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif called the murders "an unacceptable crime" Pakistan's blasphemy laws carry a potential death sentence for anyone who insults Islam.
Since 2014 Libya has had two rival parliaments - an Islamist-backed one in Tripoli and an internationally recognised government in the east. UN envoy Bernardino Leon said Fayez Sarraj would be nominated as prime minister. Several MPs on both sides of the divide have described the latest announcement as premature.
Everyday Church Online runs virtual services every Sunday for a net-based congregation from around the world.Guardians of Ancora is a free-to-play fantasy game available on Android, iPhone and Kindle platforms. German marketing company Viral.de had huge success with its 2010 video The Digital Story of Nativity.
Officials believe Lawrence Phillips, 40, killed himself early on Wednesday. He had been placed in a cell alone after he was accused of killing his former cellmate. Phillips played for the St Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers until 1999, but he was plagued by trouble on and off the field.
Six fatal police shootings between April 2016 to March 2017, up from three in 2015/16. The six shootings included that of Westminster attacker Khalid Masood. It is the highest number in 12 years. Of the 28 who died, 18 were either passengers in suspect vehicle or other road users.
The original 11-year agreement started in 2008. It was worth, in terms of cash and product, as much as about $8m per year. The IAAF announced the end of the deal on Friday. The BBC said the decision to end the deal was a result of the doping scandal.
William Porterfield scores his 16th Ireland century in draw with Netherlands. Ireland declare on 240-7 to leave Dutch needing 343 to win. Stephan Myburgh's 85 steadied Dutch after Wesley Barresi suffered a duck. Simi Singh was best with the ball for Ireland with 2-19.
The deputy president had left hours earlier for a campaign rally in Kitale. The incident comes 10 days before Kenya holds presidential, legislative and regional elections. There was serious post-election violence following the 2007 polls, which left more than 1,000 people dead and 600,000 displaced.
The Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean is up to 11 kilometres deep. A team has been sending down a robotic submarine with a camera on it. The three-month expedition is looking for things like fish, mud volcanoes and deep sea coral. So far they've spotted shrimp, jellyfish and black pillow lava from an underwater eruption.
The singer died in April from an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl. He did not leave a will and did not have any children. A judge has now ordered genetic tests to be carried out on six people with claims to be relatives of the singer. Four siblings or half-siblings, as well as two women believed to be a niece and a grand-niece will be tested.
Stuart Campbell was arrested in the west of England on Friday. A woman had made allegations of harassment taking place over a two-year period. Mr Campbell said it concerned some tweets and insisted they were not threatening. He has been bailed, pending further inquiries, to a date in mid-September.
It had been reported that the energy drinks giant was considering a £200m offer for the Premier League club. Sullivan and Gold bought a majority stake in West Ham in 2010 in a deal that valued the club at £105m. Between them they now own more than 85% of the club.
Revenue rose to $20.26bn (Â£14bn) between January and March. But Alphabet's share price fell about 6% in after-hours trading. Net income for the quarter was $4.2bn, up from $3.5bn a year ago.
Hull-based Martin Williams Ltd took over Penman Engineering near Dumfries in November last year. The number of employees at the time had fallen to just 14 but the new owners said that now stood at 67. Director Chris Williams said that if new work they hoped to secure did come in then numbers would rise further.
Julie Sayles is accused of making a fraudulent will. She is also accused of taking money from her husband's bank account. She denies all the charges and says she was acting in her own best interests. She says she is not guilty of any offence and that she is just trying to help.
The man was airlifted to Royal Stoke University Hospital in Staffordshire. The bus driver and passengers were not hurt in the crash on Monday. North Wales Police and the Health and Safety Executive are investigating the crash. The incident happened on an unnamed road in Tanlan, Ffynnongroyw.
Google Home will be available in stores such as Argos, John Lewis, Dixons and Maplin from 6 April. It will cost Â£129. Google Wi-fi will also be available at the same time and will also cost  Â£ 129.
The family were due to be deported from the UK to Nigeria on Thursday. They are believed to have been victims of female genital mutilation. The case has been referred to the European Court of Human Rights. The UK government has refused to comment on whether the family will remain in the UK.
Henry Reilly was UKIP's Northern Ireland candidate in last year's European elections, receiving more than 24,000 votes. He was suspended from the party in September, although Mr Reilly denied at the time that this had happened. A UKIP spokesman confirmed on Tuesday that Mr Reilly had been expelled.
Trevor O'Neill was shot outside a supermarket in Majorca on Wednesday. His partner and three children, aged five, seven and 10, were with him when the attack happened. Police believe the attack was connected to a dispute between the Hutch and Kinahan groups.
Tian Tian arrived at the zoo as part of a breeding pair with Yang Guang in 2011. She was artificially inseminated earlier this year and is being closely monitored. A spokesman for the zoo said it was hard to predict a specific date for any cub being born, and that the breeding season can last until late September.
Ipswich Town beat Wigan Athletic 3-0 in their Championship clash. David McGoldrick, Freddie Sears and Ryan Colclough scored for the Tractor Boys. Wigan are seven points from safety with six games remaining. The Latics need to win five of their last six matches to avoid relegation.
Wales prop Flower was sent off as the Warriors were beaten 14-6. The ban until 14 April takes in 10 Super League games and the World Club Series match against Brisbane Broncos. Flower was charged with a Grade F offence of "violent and aggressive punching" and "punching an off-guard opponent", a charge which carries a minimum of eight-game ban.
Buses will take migrants to Hegyeshalom, on the border with Austria. Prime Minister Viktor Orban's chief of staff made the announcement late on Friday. It was unclear whether migrants would be happy to get on the buses, after several hundred were encouraged to take a train that did not head to Austria.
Moses, 24, has not played a competitive game for Chelsea since Jose Mourinho returned as coach two years ago. There were suggestions he could be part of a deal to take Asmir Begovic to Stamford Bridge. However, the Bosnian goalkeeper joined the Blues this week with Dutch midfielder Marco van Ginkel going to Stoke on loan.
Shaun Williams was sent off for Millwall after just 26 minutes. John Fleck and Marcus Tudgay scored for the Sky Blues. Coventry climb back up to 12th, eights points adrift of the play-off places. Millwall remain fifth in the Championship, three points clear of seventh-placed Barnsley.
Each council decides for itself just how much to spend on education, although some important costs like teachers' pay are set nationally. Conservatives claimed official government figures said spending on education by councils had fallen to its lowest level for six years. Scottish government said the Conservatives' use of figures was "inaccurate and misleading"
Crown conceded there was insufficient evidence to prove lack of consent. Mr Weatherhogg, 43, was jailed for four-and-a-half years in May last year. He will be released from prison after serving 18 months of his sentence. The appeal was heard at the Court of Criminal Appeal in Edinburgh.
Ceremony held in memory of those who died in the Battle of the Somme. Irish President Michael D Higgins attended the event in France. The event was also held in Dublin, where the battle took place. The site of the battle is now a memorial to the soldiers who died.
The 12 January fixture is the first time either side has played overseas during the regular season. Indiana lost in the first round of the play-offs last season, while the Nuggets failed to make it out of the Western Conference. The first regular-season game to be staged in the UK was the New Jersey Nets' 116-103 success over the Raptors in March 2011.
Karen Gooding wrote a statement for her brother-in-law, James Robert Hennessy. She said he was a brilliant achiever, as reflected in his school reports. She also said he had a great love for music and together we had a vast amount of LPs, some of which I still have.
A Calum Dyson double and first-half goal from Chris Clements saw the home side ease to their first win in five League Two games. The Mariners took the lead when a scramble in the penalty area resulted in Tom Bolarinwa's header being cleared off the line, but only to former Stag Clements who bundled the ball home. Sam Jones had a great chance to double the advantage after the break when Mansfield goalkeeper Jake Kean missed Clements' long ball forward. But Grimsby got their second when Dyson took the ball out on the right before charging his way into the box and finishing
Somali president declares war on al-Qaeda-linked militants. He promises to give amnesty to those who have given up their fight. He also names a new military commander and head of police. The announcement was made at a news conference in the capital, Mogadishu.
A JCB spokesperson confirmed that the company had ended its membership of the CBI, but did not give reasons. Sky news had earlier reported that it was due to the group's response to the referendum outcome. JCB's chairman, Lord Bamford, was a prominent supporter of the Brexit campaign.
Demonstration came after the deaths of several helpers in recent months. They called for a pay rise, a limit on working hours and better accommodation. At least four other helpers are reported to have died this year from work accidents or suicide. The minimum wage is currently HK$4,210 per month, and employers are required to provide "suitable accommodation"
England beat Australia by seven wickets at Headingley. James Taylor and Ben Stokes top scored with 41 each. David Willey took three wickets for 30 runs with the new ball. Glenn Maxwell top-scored for Australia with 85 off 64 balls. England's previous best ODI run-chase was 270-4 at Lord's in 1997.
Florent Cuvelier's long-range strike held by Millwall goalkeeper Jordan Archer. Aiden O'Brien fired over from long range as Millwall closed the gap on the play-offs to four points. The hosts had the better chances as Lee Gregory volleyed over and Steve Morison headed Shane Ferguson's cross wide.
Pep Lijnders joins the first-team staff, with talks continuing over a third new coach. Brendan Rodgers needed replacements after the sackings of Colin Pascoe and Mike Marsh. O'Driscoll has managed Bournemouth, Doncaster Rovers, Crawley Town, Nottingham Forest and Bristol City.
President Trump has also dismissed the country's top lawyer, Acting Attorney General Sally Yates. Yates had directed the Justice Department not to defend his Executive Order on this issue. Families separated from loved ones by the ban share their stories on CNN's "This is Life with CNN"
Home Affairs Committee says police training for public disorder was inadequate. Met Police says it has outlined what it is doing to improve. MPs say government needs to clarify whether police authorities will be able to recover the Â£89.827m it cost to police the riots.
Marketing on social media - is it about big bucks or can even the smallest business do it well? We asked some of those taking part in the Online Influence Conference 2015 for their thoughts on what's going on - and what's next. You can follow too on Twitter at #Oi15 @OiConf.
The European Union is a group of 28 countries in Europe whose governments work together. It began after World War Two with the idea that the best chance of stopping another war was by countries working more closely together. To join you have to agree to follow the rules and in return you get certain benefits. Some feel being part of this bigger club makes the UK richer and more important.
Domenico Masciopinto, 35, was sentenced to 14 years in 2012 for drug-dealing. From prison he told his now estranged wife Giulia, 37, to unearth cash buried in their garden. She has been jailed for nine months. Her mother Caterina De Filippo, 58, and sister Palma, 28, were given 12-month sentences.
Japanese knotweed can crack tarmac, block drains, undermine foundations and invade homes. Its presence can be enough to cut a property's value by up to 20%, or prevent a mortgage lender approving a loan. Environment Agency commissioned a new app to track Japanese knotweed. More than 20,000 people have now downloaded it, and their data has pin-pointed over 6,000 knotweed locations.
Poole Borough Council plans to put charges up by 10% in 2017 and by 5% every year until 2020. Almost 1,400 names are on the waiting list for hiring its 1,100 seaside huts annually. The authority said the rent rise "reflected high demand"
The Eide Barge 33 missed the Valhall field by at least 1km (0.6 miles) More than 300 oil workers were airlifted from the Norwegian sector of the North Sea. Stormy weather in the area has seen waves topping 15m (50ft)
Last year, the UK exported a whopping £245m worth of chocolate, up by almost a quarter on 2015. Exports of unfilled chocolates and chocolate products, which include Easter eggs, totalled just over £30m. Despite the strong demand from abroad, the firm is yet to send its chocolate eggs overseas.
The council's licensing and gambling committee blocked the plan. Up to 800 licensed premises would have paid up to Â£4,400 to offset the costs of the night-time economy. Merseyside Police had estimated the annual cost of policing the city centre from midnight to 06:00 to be aboutÂ£540,000.
MSF wants the bombing to be investigated as a war crime. US has said the bombing, which took place in the Afghan city of Kunduz, was a mistake and it was attempting to strike the Taliban. White House spokesman hinted at the possibility of paying victims and their families, a Department of Defense policy.
British number one Shuker, 37, and France's Stephane Houdet, 46, defeated Alfie Hewett, another Briton, and USA's Dana Mathewson 6-3 7-5. The mixed doubles was popular with both the crowds and the players at this year's British Open.
The Nobel committee praised him for a peace deal signed with Farc rebels. The peace deal was rejected by 50.2% of voters in a vote on 2 October. The award did not include Farc leader Rodrigo Londono, known as Timochenko. About 260,000 people have been killed and more than six million internally displaced in Colombia.
Denny Solomona crossed for Castleford, but Wigan led at half-time through Lewis Tierney's try and Matty Smith's penalty kick. Grant Millington's try put the visitors back in front, before John Bateman went over to restore Wigan's two-point lead. Nick Gregson got his first senior try and Bateman crossed again late on as Warriors climbed to third in the table.
Liam Henderson opened the scoring with a terrific free-kick. John McGinn increased the lead against his former club. Stevie Mallan pulled one back with a free- kick of his own before half-time. Anthony Stokes played the final 20 minutes and marked his Easter Road return with a late third.
Wilson rejoined Championship side Forest from Celtic for £2.5m in August 2013. The 30-year-old has been without a team since being released in May. Wilson made 51 appearances in his second spell at the City Ground. He has also previously had spells with Preston North End and Notts County.
Thousands of Burmese Tamils live in the north-eastern Indian town of Moreh. They were forced to leave the country following a military coup in the 1960s. Many settled in Moreh hoping one day to return to their homeland. But those dreams have never been fulfilled.
The report was carried out by charity Relate and based on a survey of 20,980 people in relationships from 2013-15. It suggested 2.87 million people were in "distressed" relationships. Dr David Marjoribanks, from Relate, said constant bickering could have a "far-reaching" impact on children.
Peterhead power station and the White Rose scheme in North Yorkshire were in the running to win the £1bn contract. The National Audit Office has been looking into why the project was axed. It found a failure by the UK government's energy department to agree the long term costs of the competition.
Galileo promises to be much more accurate than the US-owned GPS. It could also help improve capacity on Europe's rail networks. Driverless cars are being allowed on UK public roads from next year. Galileo is costing about 5bn euros (Â£3.9bn; $6.6bn)
Lindsay Rimer, 13, went missing in Hebden Bridge in November 1994. Her body was found in the Rochdale Canal five months later. Despite extensive police inquiries, her killer has never been found. Kate Rimer said not knowing what happened was a "life sentence" for her family.
Sinn Féin MLA, Pat Sheehan, said some people on the list had already been shot. Police said such paramilitary style attacks in west Belfast had doubled in 2016 compared to 2015. Police figures do not take into account the Turf Lodge shootings. The list accuses people of so-called joy riding.
Gillingham are in the League One relegation zone after a run of one win in 12. Peter Taylor led the club to 17th place in League One last season. The 61-year-old says injuries have played a part in his side's struggles. Gillingham have only won three of their 16 league games this season.
Wales beat Cyprus 1-0 in Nicosia to stay top of Group B. Gareth Bale scored the only goal of the game with a header. Chris Coleman's side face Israel in their final Group B game on Sunday. Wales are bidding to qualify for a major finals for the first time since 1958.
More than a billion people speak Mandarin in the world. The Prime Minister believes learning the Chinese language will help Britain do more business with China. Most students will learn European languages like French, German or Spanish - but Nel visited a school where students are learning Chinese language Mandarin.
NHS England says hospitals should work together to tackle the problem. Sepsis usually develops from blood poisoning and involves a dramatic reaction by the body's immune system. There are 37,000 deaths a year in the UK because of sepsis, compared with just more than 35,000 from lung cancer.
Derbyshire Wildlife Trust took legal action after Derby City Council approved the track. Trust said the development would damage the habitat of rare birds. Interim order to stop work was issued last week and will remain in place until the judicial review. Mrs Justice Lang said all equipment had to be moved from the site.
The new hospital will have 30 inpatient beds. The current hospital was built in 1813. The total cost of the new hospital is £33m. It will be built in Bridgwater, Somerset, with the rest of the money coming from other parts of the country.
The 80 signatories include leading figures in the Asian hospitality industry and award-winning gospel singer Rachel Kerr. They claim the UK government's immigration policy discriminates against non-EU citizens. The PM is expected to recommend Britain remains in a reformed EU. Several Commonwealth leaders have urged Britain to stay in.
Ms Cooper said the party appeared "to be polarising" between "different extremes" But Mr Corbyn pledged to use the backing of party members to force party MPs to support his agenda if elected. The new leader will be announced on 12 September. The other candidates are Liz Kendall and Andy Burnham.
Barry Gibb follows in the footsteps of Dolly Parton and Kenny Rogers by taking Sunday evening's "legend slot" The Can Project - featuring original Can members Irmin Schmidt and Malcolm Mooney, alongside Sonic Youth's Thurston Moore and other guests - have also been added to the line-up.
Lenticular clouds can be mistaken for UFOs, says BBC Scotland weather presenter Judith Ralston. Rain or light snow above the atmosphere would have added the rainbow reflections, she says. One response to Trish Macfarlane's image on Twitter taken at Rickarton, from Althea Tindell, said: "UFO or not those pics are fantastic!"
Taylor took Watford from the Fourth Division to a second-placed finish in the top flight in five seasons. He also guided the club to the only FA Cup final of their history - a 2-0 defeat against Everton in 1984. Taylor also had spells in charge of Lincoln City, Aston Villa and Wolves.
Pirates had beaten their Championship rivals in all three of their previous meetings. Rob Elloway, Matt Evans and Joe Atkinson were yellow-carded in the second half. Exeter scrum-half Stu Townsend scored two tries for the visitors. The Cornish side will lose head coach David Davies in the summer due to budget constraints.
Omar Bogle opened the scoring for Grimsby with a deflected shot. John Akinde levelled from the spot for Barnet five minutes later. Ryan Watson missed two chances to win it for the Bees. Barnet reduced to 10 men in the 90th minute when Ali Sesay was sent off.
Scocco, 29, known as "Nacho", arrived on a two-and-a-half year deal in January for £3.2m as one of Gus Poyet's four transfer window signings. The one-cap Argentina international failed to score in eight appearances, all of which came from the bench.
Leaders of Europe's increasingly influential Eurosceptic parties queued up to crow over the British vote and make political capital out of it. The mood in Brussels is resentful and despondent, while governments across Europe are scared. The EU is preparing to get tough with Britain over the terms and timing of a new trade relationship.
The 10km (6.2-mile) stretch of elevated track has seven stations and connects Alandur to Koyambedu. The journey takes 15 minutes - the metro is expected to ease traffic congestion. The 45km (27 miles)-long, 32-station service will eventually run on two corridors in the city.
Fuel pods were left at the junction of Cumsons Road and Tullygeasy Road. Northern Ireland Environment Agency said the waste will be removed with no harm to the environment. Ulster Unionist Councillor David Taylor said there was despair and palpable anger within the local community over the incident.
Liam Dawson, Chris Woakes, James Vince, and Dawid Malan all miss out. But T20 specialist Tymal Mills retains his place. Joe Root, Alex Hales, Moeen Ali and Mark Wood also return for the tie with Pakistan at Old Trafford on 7 September.
Stuart Thompson hit 56 as Ireland made 165-5 in Greater Noida. Samiullah Shenwari (56) and Mohammad Shahzad (47) helped the Afghans to 171-4. The sides meet again in the second T20 at the same venue on Friday.
The spacewalk had to be delayed after Lindgren switched on the water flow in his suit too soon. Mission Control had to make sure the suit would be safe, before they gave the all-clear. Kelly who's been living at the orbiting lab since March will stay until March 2016.
The injured bird was found by a walker in Hall Lane, Blubberhouses, on Sunday. It had suffered a shattered wing, possibly a few days earlier, and was put down by a vet. Police are concerned by the "unusually high" number of recent attacks on red kites.
Peter Ward, 54 of Barnstaple in Devon and Richard Hiley, 30 of Tividale in the West Midlands were sentenced at Birmingham Crown Court on Monday. Ward was given five years and two months, Hiley five years. Pair pleaded guilty to possession, supply and importation of Class A and Class B drugs.
Brian O'Driscoll will play his last match against the All Blacks. The 34-year-old will equal Ronan O'Gara's all-time Ireland caps record of 128. Gordon D'Arcy is recalled at inside centre to resume his long-standing partnership. Conor Murray returns at scrum-half while Dave Kearney gets his first start on the left wing.
France's CAC-40 closed up 1.94% at 4,998.10 while Germany's Dax ended up 1,49% at 11,484.38. The rises came after European Council President Donald Tusk said a bailout for Greece was "all ready to go"
She died peacefully, aged 87, on Monday the 8th of April 2013. She was given a ceremonial funeral with full military honours on 17 April. Under her rule, the City of London became one of the world's most successful centres for banking and business. She became a hero to many when in 1982 she sent British Troops to defend the Falklands.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Gen Martin Dempsey said the shipment "will embolden the regime and prolong the suffering" Some 1.5 million people have fled the conflict, says the UN refugee agency. Syria's national production has dropped by 40% and the number of people living below the poverty line has risen from two million to five million in two years.
Online bookings for his "Dismaland" exhibition were suspended last week. Many users reported issues when sales resumed - prompting claims the problems were deliberate. But a spokeswoman for Banksy insisted the rumours were untrue. She said the attraction's website was "100% real" and crashed under "huge demand"
Miliband says it is "time for someone else" to lead the Labour Party. He says he will "never give up on fighting for the Britain that I believe in" Labour loses two seats in the Scottish Parliament to the SNP. Labour's deputy leader Harriet Harman says she will stand for re-election.
Seven-month-old Meereen died on Monday in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire. Three other cats in the area have died in the last seven days. RSPCA spokesman said it was unclear whether the poisonings were accidental or deliberate.
Former Sharks scrum-half is suing the club for alleged clinical negligence over a concussion injury. Exeter director of rugby Rob Baxter: "It puts club medical staff and doctors in a very, very difficult situation" Mark McCall: "If you put yourself in the shoes of the medic, it's almost an impossible job"
Seven firms, including NTUC FairPrice and IKEA, have been asked to declare they are not doing so within a week. The forest fires in Indonesia have deteriorated Singapore's air quality, causing a blanket of haze in the city. FairPrice has said it removing products from one Indonesian firm.
President Chavez was due to be sworn in on 10 January for a fourth term. Supreme Court ruled he could take the oath at a later date, a view challenged by opposition figures. In a brief speech, Mr Maduro pledged loyalty to the president and said Mr Chavez remained in charge of the country.
The justices said they would hear a combined case about marriage bans in four states. A ruling on the cases could fully legalise gay marriage in the US. The court previously struck down a US law preventing federal recognition of marriages in states allowing same-sex unions. After that ruling, a wave of decisions in the regional federal appeals courts ended numerous state gay marriage bans. The case will be argued in April and a decision is expected by late June.
Cambridge University Press is analysing media coverage during Brazil 2014 and scoring 'confidence levels' out of 100. The score rises and falls dependent on the words used to describe England. England's current rating is 70, going into the game in Manaus, according to Cambridge Confidence Index.
The Richmond Park and North Kingston MP said he was "honoured" after winning 70% of the 9,227 votes cast using an online primary system. Mr Goldsmith's main rival is likely to be Labour's Sadiq Khan. Mr Khan beat former cabinet minister Tessa Jowell and a number of other current MPs to win the Labour nomination last month.
Thieves broke into a house in Barnett Road, Brighton, on Friday night. They stole jewellery and the keys to a car. Police are appealing for anyone with information to call them on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111. For confidential support on suicide matters call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org.
David Mullins rides Rule The World to victory in the Grand National. It is the 19-year-old's first ride in the world-famous race. The youngster had never even walked the Aintree course before Saturday's race. He rode Ivan Grozny to victory for his uncle in the last race of the day.
Ian McCann, head of Rosewood Primary School in Burnley, Lancashire, reportedly took part in a charity bike ride and missed the final week of term. The 58-year-old handed in a sick note after governors declined his request for absence outside school holidays. He will now have to face the school's board of governors.
Hamilton described the change as "too drastic" and the "worst-looking" modification in Formula 1 history. Sebastian Vettel had said the device can be as "ugly as possible" as long as it helps save lives. John Surtees' son Henry died during a Formula Two race in 2009 after being struck on the head by a stray tyre.
Laser mapping will be used to measure the impact of extreme weather on six Welsh islands in the Irish sea. The mapping will also create "stunning" animations as part of the first 3D data for many of the islands. The five-year project will assess the damage done to archaeology and heritage sites by coastal erosion.
Text a radio show: 81333, and start your message with the word "BBC" You will be charged at your standard message rate. To make a complaint about a BBC programme or website, visit the BBC Complaints site at bbc.co.uk/complaints/.
The 36-year-old was sacked from his first managerial post at Oldham in January. He made 377 appearances in two spells at Ewood Park. The former England international has called for a winter break to be introduced to English football. He said: "It gives everyone so much recovery from long-term injuries"
The Grammy Awards are seen as the most important and respected prizes in the music business. The award ceremony first started in 1959, as a way to honour those people who produced really great music. The name Grammy is actually short for gramophone, which is a machine invented in the 19th Century to play music records.
Pernod Ricard, based in France, is the second biggest distiller of Scotch after Diageo. Its brands include Chivas, The Glenlivet and Ballentine's. Jameson's, the biggest-selling Irish whiskey, continued to be the star performer among its premium brands.
News Corp made a loss of $219m (Â£175.1m) compared with the same time last year. Firm's chief executive Robert Thomson said The Wall Street Journal now had more than 2.1 million paid subscribers. For the first time, more than 50% of those subscribers were digital.
Regional papers are devoting their front pages to a staunch defence of China's claim over the disputed waters. The papers dismiss the tribunal's decision outright, and many feature maps that depict disputed islands as belonging to China. China Statistics Press, an official agency, says China has around 1,900 newspaper titles.
Rohan was born 15 weeks early at Singleton Hospital in Swansea in August 2012. He was transferred to St Michael's Hospital in Bristol for surgery to his heart. The "extremely premature baby" died there aged just 36 days old. Coroner Maria Voisin said there were "lost opportunities" to give Rohan earlier medical care.
The Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal was launched in February. It aims to raise awareness of skin cancer and educate children about sun safety. The Freemasons in Derby donated £10,000 with a new target set at £75,000. BBC Radio Derby presenter Bloomfield said the donations were "hugely generous"
Gary Nixon, 44, fled to Scotland after advertising tickets online for the Sweden v England match in Germany and said he could arrange accommodation. Two victims from Ogmore Vale, Bridgend county, received nothing. Nixon, of Dundee, admitted obtaining property by deception.
Police found the child after being called to a home at Bromsgrove Cottages. A 40-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder. The child's next-of-kin have been informed. Police have increased their presence in the area to provide reassurance.
The 21-year-old was sentenced to 16 months in prison for the attack. He was seen hanging from the Cenotaph in central London last year. The court heard he had taken LSD and valium before the incident. His lawyers are now appealing the sentence at the Court of Appeal.
Zack Davies, 26, of Mold, was convicted of attempted murder in June. He was heard saying "white power" during the attack on Dr Sarandev Bhambra. Judge Rhys Rowlands said it was a "planned and racially motivated attack" Davies must serve at least 14 years in prison.
At least 14 people were killed when a bomber blew himself up in a restaurant. The eatery was popular with members of the Popular Mobilisation. Government forces backed by Shia militias and US air strikes have regained control over significant parts of Iraq from IS. The army said it had made progress in an offensive to recapture the western city of Hit.
Officials say 80 asylum applications will be accepted each day, and a maximum of 3,200 people will be allowed to travel through Austria. Austria took in about 90,000 asylum seekers in 2015, about 1% of its population. Officials expect to cut this number sharply this year, to about 37,500.
The former England captain's team of investors acquired land in the city's Overtown neighbourhood this week. Beckham's advisers inserted a clause into his contract when he signed for Los Angeles Galaxy in 2007 that would allow him to create his own MLS franchise. The MLS board has said it supports expansion of the league to 28 clubs.
Hedren, now 86, made the claims in her autobiography Tippi: A Memoir. She appeared in The Birds in 1963 and the following year starred in Marnie. She has spoken in the past about the director's alleged treatment of her. But she has gone into more detail in the memoir.
Eman Abd El Aty, said to have weighed around 500kg (1,102lb), left an Indian hospital last Thursday after doctors said she lost more than 250kg. But doctors in UAE say she is suffering from a "cardiac issue" and infected bed sores, apart from her obesity.
Video shows the Queen raising her arm in a Nazi salute. The video was filmed in the 1930s at the Queen's home in Balmoral, Scotland. The Queen's family have refused to say how they got the footage. The footage was taken during the Second World War.
Lewis Hamilton is 29 points adrift of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Hamilton has finished second to Rosberg in two of the last three races. Rosberg has won three races and finished second five times this season. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo is the highest-placed driver in the championship. Fernando Alonso is pessimistic about his team's chances at Silverstone.
November to January were the wettest three months since UK records began in 1910. Flooding in Cumbria and Lancashire caused an estimated insurance bill of Â£1.3bn. Many rivers across northern England, Scotland and Northern Ireland saw record peak flows.
Voters in Bassetlaw District Council take to the polls to elect a third of the north Nottinghamshire authority. Labour currently has an overwhelming majority on the council but admitted its biggest fear is UKIP. The Conservative group is hoping to increase its share and go someway to returning to its only period in power.
The Swiss eighth seed played magnificently in a 4-6 6-4 6-3 6- 4 victory. Djokovic had been a strong favourite to finally get his hands on the Coupe des Mousquetaires. The Serb will have to wait at least another 12 months before attempting to match the full set of major titles.
The home side only made 162 despite a last-wicket stand of 67 between Tim Bresnan (47) and Ryan Sidebottom. Yorkshire went into the game with a 34-point lead over Warwickshire, but soon found themselves in dire straits on 54-5.
Swansea's Neil Taylor has undergone surgery on multiple fractures. The 23-year-old is expected to make a full recovery but will miss the rest of the season. Taylor was injured after falling awkwardly in the first half at the Liberty Stadium. Swansea manager Michael Laudrup described the injury as 'unlucky'
The hand-picked committee was divided on whether low-harm substances like amyl nitrate (poppers) and nitrous oxide (laughing gas) should be included. The final report was drafted by Home Office officials but some members of the panel, which included three people who also sit on the ACMD, insisted on writing in what became known as the "safety-valve" clause. The LibDem Home Affairs spokesman Lord Paddick has made it clear his party will oppose the legislation in its current form.
Raja beat Chabab Rif Al Hoceima 2-1 at the Mohammed V stadium. Fans threw flares and ripped up parts of the stadium after the game. 31 people were arrested for "acts of vandalism", security service said. FMRFF has banned fans from the next five Raja home matches.
President Robert Mugabe has led Zimbabwe since the struggle for independence ended in 1980. He has dealt ruthlessly with his political rivals and outmanoeuvred those presenting any threat to his leadership. Zimbabwe's economy continues to fall as investors shy away. More than 80% of the government budget is spent on civil service salaries, and companies are laying off workers.
Rangers beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 in a friendly at Ibrox on Sunday. Midfielder Windass scored 17 goals for Accrington in season 2015/16. The 23-year-old moved to Rangers in the summer of 2016. Rangers' season kicks off away to Motherwell on 6 August.
Rocket Lab's 17m-long (56ft) Electron lifted off from the Mahia Peninsula, in the North Island. The company plans to start frequent commercial launches later this year. The Electron is a mere 17m long and 1.2m in diameter. Each launch only costs about $5m.
NHS Scotland paid out more than £20m in overtime in 2015/16. The figure is up from £14m in 2014/15. The British Medical Association says there are not enough doctors. But the government says it is trying to reduce the cost of overtime.
Exercise could now be introduced in schools. Watch Jenny's report for more on the new exercise on CNN.com and on CNN iReport on Monday, May 22, at 8pm. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or see www.samaritans.org.
Mount Sinabung was still spewing ash on Sunday, hampering rescue operations. The 2,460-metre (8,070 foot) tall volcano is among the country's most active. More than a dozen people were killed when it erupted in 2014. It also erupted in 2010, after having been dormant for 400 years.
Paul Austin says he is already starting to feel that he is becoming an outsider in the EU. He says recent news events had played a significant role in him moving from a clear Leave stance to one where he was less certain. Mr Austin says that since the Grenfell Tower fire last week he now has concerns about how rigorous quality checks will be.
The 26-year-old served a provisional 30-day suspension after testing positive for a 'fat burner' in March. Sakho admitted taking the substance, but Uefa had to investigate whether it was actually prohibited. The control, ethics and disciplinary body dismissed the case after a hearing.
Labour is defending a majority of 1,927. UKIP's vote vanished - it was 5,911 in 2015 - and switched to the Conservatives. Cardiff Central could frustrate Lib Dem hopes, with more Tory-inclined voters peeling away from Labour and backing a Conservative candidate.
Bruce Adamson called on ministers to gather accurate data on the number of children who go hungry because they do not have access to free meals during school holidays. Scottish government introduced free school meals for all children in primary 1-3 in 2015. The government said it was "taking steps" to measure food insecurity.
Sofia Legg, 14, took her own life by hanging in September last year. Inquest heard she was suffering from low moods and self-harming. She was referred to Child and Adolescent Mental Services in March 2015. In February 2016, her GP made an urgent referral to CAMHS. But in July 2016, she was told there was a six-month waiting list for therapy.
Avon and Somerset Police wants to raise the cost of the course from £80 to £95. The Alliance of British Drivers said the police should not be funded by people "who hadn't done much wrong" Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens said she would not comment on the proposal.
At least 24 people were injured in the incident. The incident is thought to be the result of a fight over a pillow. The pillow incident is believed to have taken place in the early hours of the morning on August 1. The cause of the injuries is not yet known, police say.
Marco Feliciano is the president of the Human Rights and Minority Commission. He has been accused of racism and homophobia. He denies the allegations and says his mother and stepfather are black. His Christian Social Party is a key force in the "evangelical bloc"
The car was bought by Rick Champagne, a logistics company owner from Phoenix, Arizona. The 56-year-old, who was just 10 when the high-camp TV series began in 1966, said it "was a dream come true" The Batmobile design was based on a 1955 Lincoln Futura, a concept car built in Italy by Ford Motor Company.
Immigration Bill would force private landlords to quiz tenants about their immigration status. It would also restrict access to bank accounts for people in the country without permission. Labour said the bill did nothing about the "shambolic" state of UK border controls. The bill is expected to become law in spring 2014, subject to approval by MPs.
Marine Le Pen is the leader of France's far-right National Front. The Front first emerged in the 1980s as a mainly anti-immigration group. Now it frames its nationalist message in anti-globalisation terms. Some opinion polls suggest the Front may win a quarter of the votes in this month's European elections.
World No. 1 beats Irishman 2-1 in first round of Sheffield Open. Rory McIlroy and Ian Povedan also through to second round. World No. 2 Adam Gemmell and world No. 3 Mark Selby also through. The final round will be played on Sunday.
Norman Rimmington signed with Barnsley in 1945, earning £3 a week as a goalkeeper. He made 27 appearances for the club before moving to Hartlepool in 1947. He returned to the club in 1952 and never left, working in many roles. He died in late December aged 93.
Co-operative Energy has already paid £1.6m in compensation. Customers were affected by a new IT system in March last year. The system's introduction led to direct debits being blocked and lengthy waits for new customers. Co-op Energy has apologised and said it has improved the service.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with team-mate Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap. Red Bulls of Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo came third and fourth. World champion Hamilton started from the back, suffered a broken front wing on lap one and did five pit stops.
Gordon Smith, 44, was found dead on Lake Road about 400m from his home. Mark Russell, 27, pleaded not guilty to manslaughter at Carlisle Crown Court. He was was given conditional bail ahead of trial on 14 March. Judge Paul Batty QC said one of the conditions is that he does not enter Windermere or Bowness-on-Windermere.
Mario Balotelli has agreed a four-and-a-half-year deal with AC Milan. The 22-year-old scored 30 goals in 80 appearances for Manchester City in 2010. He helped City to the Premier League title last season, but has managed only three goals in 20 matches this time round. The forward flew to Milan by private jet on Wednesday afternoon.
Volkswagen shares plunged more than 18% on Monday after US regulators found that some of its cars could manipulate official emissions tests. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) found that software in several diesel cars could deceive regulators. VW was ordered to recall half a million cars in the US on Friday.
Samson had another year to run on his deal but had lost his starting place to summer signing Jamie MacDonald. The 31-year-old began his career at Killie and returned to the club in 2013. He has been involved in the Scotland squad before but never selected to play.
The couple married in the 28-year-old tennis star's hometown of Dunblane in April. Kim, 27, has recently had her 12-week scan, with the baby due in February. Murray's mother Judy recently told a magazine that she was "really looking forward to being a granny"
Mourad Boudjellal has made public his frustrations with the Top 14. The Toulon president emailed Premiership bosses proposing the move. Top 14 clubs have a larger salary cap than those in England. The 12 Premiership clubs will see their cap rise to £6.5m per club.
The items were found in a hole in the side of a bridge in the Cairngorms. The bridge is being replaced with a new structure. The new structure is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The old structure will be removed and a new one built.
Virtual reality usually involves putting on some glasses that contain video screens. The specs give you the impression you're in a totally different world, that changes as you look around the room. All the big gaming companies including Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony are showing off what they've been working on.
Woman claims her husband divorced her because he disliked the shape of her face. She said it spurred her to undergo facial surgery three times at a local hospital. She later sued the hospital for 1.7 million yuan ($260,900; Â£183,900) State media picked up the story on Thursday.
Pope Francis has repeatedly supported moves to restart the peace process. The Vatican recognised Palestinian statehood a year and a half ago. Israel already has an embassy to the Holy See. Now the Palestinian leader, Mahmoud Abbas, has opened the new Palestinian embassy. France is hosting an international conference in Paris to try to kick-start peace talks.
The boy is the second to be charged with the Dalkeith incident. The teenager was also charged in connection with a dishonesty offence that allegedly occurred at the same time on 31 March. Police Scotland are working with farmers to tackle this issue and patrols are being carried out as part of the rural crime initiative.
The Swansea University-backed award will go to the best published literary work in English, written by an author aged 39 or under. The list includes five from the UK and one American author, Tania James, for her novel The Tusk that Did the Damage. The winner will be announced at a gala ceremony at Swansea University on International Dylan Thomas Day, 14 May.
The #ZumaMustFall hashtag is a modification of #FeesMustFall which was used to organise protests against a rise in university fees. The latest protests are a reaction to him sacking two finance ministers last week. This comes on top of claims of widespread corruption, recent student protests and a succession battle in the governing African National Congress.
Some 360 former MPs were granted passes for the Parliamentary estate. Huhne and ex-wife Vicky Pryce were both jailed after she took his speeding points in 2003. Labour MP John Mann said Huhne should not have been given the pass. He said: "Let them queue with the general public if they want to get in"
Radioactive cooling water was also mistakenly discharged into a submarine reactor compartment. ONR issued a legal notice to improve after an incident last year in which a worker was contaminated with radiation. Babcock has been ordered "to bring the arrangements up to an acceptable standard" before the end of January 2016.
Robert Amoroso, 64, lived in Clifton from 1979 to 2013, the period of the alleged offences. He was found not-guilty of two counts of sexual activity in the presence of a child. On Wednesday he was cleared of 14 other charges, including indecent assaults.
Microsoft bought the four-year-old MinecraftEdu version of the game last year. It says more than 7,000 classrooms around the world already use Minecraft in some form. Microsoft intends to charge an annual fee of $5 (Â£3.50) for each teacher and child.
Keane and O'Neill agreed new deals with the Football Association of Ireland in midweek. The duo's Irish side begin their Euro 2016 campaign against Sweden on Monday. The former Manchester United star has made no secret of his desire to return to club management at some stage after previously managing Sunderland and Ipswich.
Defender Fabio Da Silva is closing in on a Premier League return with promoted Middlesbrough. Cardiff boss Trollope says he has spoken with defender Jazz Richards. Richards was booed by Cardiff supporters in their season opener at Birmingham for his apparent reluctance to 'do the Ayattolah' - a cult Cardiff celebration.
Ross McEwan says he would like the EU referendum to be held as early as possible. He says he does not expect an interest rate rise before 2017. RBS has set aside considerable sums to pay for fines over mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities and payment protection insurance (PPI)
Theresa May's letter triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. But Donald Tusk responded today: "Starting parallel talks on all issues at the same time as suggested by some in the UK will not happen" Bluntly, the divorce bill would have to settled before talks on trade can begin.
Three of the victims were 15 and two were left with life-threatening injuries. The other victim was 18. Two 16-year-old boys and a 15- year-old boy are expected to appear at Dumbarton Sheriff Court on Tuesday. The attack happened in a lane between Great Western Road and the Auchentoshan Estate.
Blaze broke out at the former White Hart Pub in Pontllanfraith, Wales. Fire crews were called to the premises at about 19:30 GMT on Saturday. A joint investigation with police is now under way to establish how the fire was started, and who was responsible.
Number of cases at Cardiff, Swansea, Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan universities more than doubled between 2010-11 and 2014-15. The Quality Assurance Agency, which monitors standards in higher education, said it was discussing the issue with universities. It is believed there are about 1,000 websites which offer students a bespoke academic essay in return for a fee.
Haseeb Hamayoon, 28, sent the image to friends and a co-accused branding the officer "kaffir" - non-believer. Prosecutors say he plotted an attack using a Rambo-style knife. The cousins deny all charges at Woolwich Crown Court.
There have been concerns the poles are too large and have been submitted for planning permission. It comes after the 24m (80ft) poles appeared close to the MacLeod House hotel in Aberdeenshire. The US presidential candidate has called the course one of the finest in the world.
Foreign fighters, once visible in Mosul, have disappeared from the city. IS fighters trimming their beards and changing the way they dress to look more like the civilian population. Air strikes have been carefully targeted at government buildings and military sites. IS authorities have tried to clamp down on communications - but this doesn't seem to be effective.
Bertrand Traore gave the Blues the lead when he took Nemanja Matic's pass and fired home from 20 yards out. Stoke equalised when Xherdan Shaqiri's cross was punched by Thibaut Courtois to Diouf, who headed into an empty net. The Potters remain seventh in the table, with Chelsea 10th - three points behind them.
Kenneth David Dickie, 64, was found with a serious head injury. A 34-year-old man from Poole appeared before magistrates on 10 May. A woman, aged 57, arrested on suspicion of grievous bodily harm with intent and perverting the course of justice, has been bailed.
The event takes place at East Kirkcarswell Farm near Dundrennan on 25 and 26 July. Dizzee Rascal will headline the opening night in his only Scottish appearance of the year. Martha Reeves and The Vandellas, The Zombies, Big Country and The Feeling also confirmed.
A total of 112 high street banks in Scotland have closed since July. More than half of them are with TSB, which is set to open a new branch in Aberdeen. Bank of Scotland has closed 28 branches in the last year, with another 23 due to close before Christmas.
New rules would require big banks to hold more money against losses. Bank of England says it is a "watershed" moment in the fight against 'too big to fail' banks. New rules could cost €200bn (£157bn) for Europe's banks alone.
UK economy grew by 2.2% in second quarter, up from 0.4% in first quarter. Strongest growth was in April, followed by a sharp easing off in May and June. ONS chief economist Joe Grice said any uncertainty ahead of referendum seemed "limited"
Gwen Thomson, 51, from Torry, died after the accident on Wednesday morning. The 60-year-old male lorry driver was uninjured. Police Scotland thanked those who helped at the scene in Glasgow. They have spoken to a number of witnesses to the incident.
The Shanghai Composite benchmark ended 2.2% higher at 4,121.71. The index crossed the 4,000 mark for the first time since 2008 on Friday. The Hang Seng index closed up 2.7% at 28,016.34 to hit a fresh seven-year high.
Banks will be closed on Wednesday and ATM machines will not be working. New 500 and 2,000 rupee denomination notes will be issued to replace those removed from circulation. Move is designed to lock out money that is unaccounted for - known as "black money" Critics say the new rules may make it especially difficult for people who keep their cash at home.
A woman in her 20s was assaulted by a man on a bike near Bournemouth University's Talbot campus on Thursday. Dorset Police said they believe it could be linked to two attempted sexual assaults on women in September. Thursday's attacker is described as white and in his late 20s or early 30s. Officers said he was approximately 5ft 7in (1.7m) with short dark hair.
Former WBA heavyweight champion Haye has had two routine wins since returning from over three years out of the sport. Bellew holds a record of 28 wins and a draw from 31 fights, with Haye boasting the same number of wins from 30 contests. Haye's trainer, Shane McGuigan, predicted WBC cruiserweight champion Bellew would be "cannon fodder"
The two men in their 40s went missing on Tuesday as they climbed the 4,248-metre (13,937ft) Mont Blanc du Tacul. Reports say they had taken the difficult "Devil's Ridge" route. Mont Blanc, with 11 peaks above 4,000m, is Western Europe's highest range.
The feature is available in the new 2016 Chevy Malibu. A key fob can also be used to set a speed limit between 40 and 75mph. The new system has been criticised for not doing anything to stop drivers from using devices like mobile phones. The feature will be unveiled at the New York car show next month.
Scientists say the new species is a member of the group that gave rise to crocodiles and dinosaurs. The reptile lived at a time when the Earth was recovering from a mass extinction that wiped out most animals. The discovery may shed light on how the group of animals evolved and spread.
The businessman has been at the helm at the St Lawrence Ground since 2008. Last year he clashed with the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) when his side were overlooked for promotion after Durham's enforced relegation. He will leave the club following its AGM on 28 March.
Ravindra Gaikwad was told he could not fly business class on the Pune to Delhi flight because it was an all-economy flight. The altercation happened when the duty manager was called after the plane landed in Delhi and the MP refused to get off. The story was the top trending topic on Twitter in India on Thursday.
Myriam Francois-Cerrah explains the massacre in less than two minutes. How did this massacre happen? And what are its lasting effects? In just two minutes, Myriam tells you all you need to know about what happened in the massacre at the hands of the IRA.
In December 2015, he said Mr Trump was "out of his mind" for suggesting a ban on Muslims entering the US. In September 2016, he visited Turkey in search of a "jumbo trade deal" But in August, the foreign secretary called for the UK to "normalise" relations with Russia. In 2008, Mr Johnson supported the then US senator's bid to become the first black American president.
Researchers followed nearly 240,000 Swedish men for 35 years. Those who were obese were 2.38 times more likely to have developed a bowel tumour. The World Cancer Research Fund said the link between obesity and cancer was "strong" Bowel cancer is the third most common cancer in the world, with nearly 1.4 million cases each year.
Mr Blair said the party should be aspiring to govern, not a "fringe protest" He said many Labour members felt the party had "lost its way" in government. Mr Blair's comments came in an article published in the Spectator newspaper. The article was published in response to a letter from Mr Blair to the editor of the paper.
The privy at Brodsworth Hall, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, was originally built in the 1860s. In its heyday, its contents, dubbed "night soil", were emptied daily and spread on the gardens by staff. English Heritage, which now runs the site, said the privy had been restored to its former glory.
Hassan Rouhani has been a key player in Iran's political life since the revolution in 1979. He was Iran's chief nuclear negotiator, from 2003 to 2005, earning the moniker "the diplomat sheikh" When he stood as a presidential candidate in 2013, he knew he was up against an establishment stacked with hardliners who were highly suspicious of him.
Coleman senior died in 2014 after his son's first campaign in charge of Wales had ended with the failure to qualify for the World Cup in Brazil. The 46-year-old went on to lead Wales to a first major international tournament for 58 years. Coleman was appointed Fulham manager in April 2003 and kept the Cottagers in the Premier League in his debut season.
units in North Tyneside and Northumberland have been shut between midnight and 08:00 since December. Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust said impact on patients had been minimal as the units were underused at night. Staff from the units have been moved to the recently-opened hospital in Cramlington, which opened in 2015.
When it began, Donald Trump's presidency looked very pretty to Moscow. The Russians expected that America's new leader would herald a new era in US-Russian cooperation. But, after six months of President Trump, US sanctions against Russia remain in place. And the idea of a "Grand Deal" with America, much hoped for here at the start of the Trump presidency, has disappeared from the pages of the Russian dailies.
Wales sees the fastest commutes, an average of 41.4 minutes travelling, down 4.6 minutes since 2006. The TUC analysed the figures from the Labour Force Survey to mark Commute Smart week. The trend was bucked by the capital's women workers who saw their travel times rise by three minutes.
RSPCA Cymru said it backed mandatory identification of pets killed on highways so owners know what happened. One of six councils which does not scan said it was reviewing its policy, but two others have no plans to change. Petition has more than 160 signatures - proposals are being discussed to increase that to 50.
Schools are getting interested in this "rapid prototyping" technology. But there are still the usual barriers - access, funding, teacher awareness and confidence. One of the most illuminating advocates is a 14-year-old schoolgirl from Manchester. She won the European Commission's first European Digital Girl of the Year Award last year.
Mourinho is currently on a four-year deal at Stamford Bridge. He won the Premier League with Chelsea in 2007 and 2008. But he left the club in 2010 after falling out with owner Roman Abramovich. The 52-year-old has been linked with a move to Real Madrid.
Administrators from PwC are now running the Leicestershire-based business. They said it would trade normally while they sought a buyer. Brantano employs about 2,000 staff in 140 stores and 60 concessions across the UK. It was bought by retail investment firm Alteri Investors in October.
Kathleen and Jimmy Cuddihy, who were in their 70s, were found dead just outside Carndonagh on 22 October 2014. Their son, Julian Cuddle, appeared at Dublin's Central Criminal Court on Tuesday. The court heard he admitted killing his parents but the jury must decide his mental state at the time.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave Dortmund the perfect start from close range. But Wolfsburg hit back through Luiz Gustavo, Kevin De Bruyne and Bas Dost to win their first German Cup. Dieter Hecking's Wolfsburg side looked comfortable as they held on for a historic win.
Seren Bernard, 14, took her own life while living with foster carers in 2012. A serious case review was published in 2014, but Sarah Pollock was only given a summary of its contents. A fresh call was made to Pembrokeshire council on Thursday, but it said it could not disclose the full report based on "clear legal advice"
Google releases beta version of its new operating system, known as Android N. The software will allow users to use two apps at the same time. Android N is expected to be released to device makers later this year. Google has traditionally named new versions of the operating system after sweet treats.
The orchestra's 123 members met in a south-west Berlin church on Monday. Board member Peter Riegelbauer said they would try again "within a year" Sir Simon Rattle is to join the London Symphony Orchestra as its music director. The Berlin Philharmonic, founded in 1882, has had three chief conductors.
St Peter's beat St Mary's 2-10 to 1-6 at Inniskeen. The Wexford school will play St Brendan's of Killarney in the final. The semi-final was switched from Drogheda to the Monaghan venue. St Peter's ended a 25-year wait for a Leinster senior crown in January.
The 54-year-old has left his job as assistant first-team coach at Barnet. Waddock led the Shots into the Football League in 2008 with a then record points total of 101 and left in 2009. He replaces Barry Smith, who left the Shots at the end of this season after not renewing his contract.
Tories say 17 million people will benefit - by saving Â£100 a year on their bills. Many in the industry think it is a bad idea, as it will reduce competition. While the majority of householders may benefit, at least in the short term, millions of people who are currently on cheaper deals could end up paying more.
London 2012 was an amazing event with so many memories. Relive some of the best moments from the 2012 Games with our gallery of photos. London 2012: All you need to know about this summer's Olympic and Paralympic Games. Click through the gallery to see the best pictures from the Games.
The 40-year-old was found on the A66 in Middlesbrough in the early hours. He was found in a distressed state with wounds to his groin after the attack. The road was shut while searches of the area were carried out. It has now reopened and the man was arrested on suspicion of assault.
Daniel Scioli was marginally ahead with 36.7% of the vote. Buenos Aires mayor Mauricio Macri had 34.5%. The run-off on 22 November will be the first time an Argentine election will be decided by a second round. President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner is constitutionally barred from seeking a third term.
UKIP on course to win first ever seats in Cardiff and in the Northern Ireland and London Assemblies. Party has focused much of its time and resources in Wales, where it won 13% of the vote in last year's general election. Mr Farage would not be drawn on how many seats it would gain in England.
Plans include knocking down the 1937 arrivals building. The building has already lost two floors due to safety concerns. Save Jersey's Heritage said it would be a loss to the island. The airport boss said the building was 'unsafe' and 'too big and too close to the runway'
The 22-year-old spent last season on loan at Southend and Luton. He scored nine goals in a combined 43 matches in League One and League Two. The striker also scored for the Shrimpers in the fourth-tier play-off final.
City council leader Simon Cook will tell a conference an arena on the site of the old diesel depot site is a crucial part of the zone. Mr Cook said there was a risk a larger version would be built in Cardiff if the Bristol arena did not go ahead. Several plans for an entertainment arena have been put forward since 2003 but the idea was dropped in 2007.
Dairo Antonio Usuga David, better known as Otoniel, is one of the most wanted men in Colombia. He runs the Usuga clan, a drug gang that has its powerbase in the Uraba region of Colombia. The US Department of State is offering up to $5m (Â£3.4m) for information leading to his arrest.
Heavy rain washed away a drain running under part of Traigh Golf Course. The 9ft (3m) deep, 22ft (7m) long hole was caused by the rain. A photograph that appeared in the media showed a dog at the bottom of the hole. The owners of the course have now offered to pay for the repairs.
Tesco shares closed down 5.7%, making it the biggest faller on the FTSE 100. The stock has now declined more than 10% this year. Full year pre-tax profit fell from £202m to £145m. But Tesco's operating profit figure was £1.28bn.
Oliver, 23, signed his first professional contract with his hometown club Sheffield Wednesday. He left the Owls in 2012 and made an immediate impact at Lincoln City, scoring 14 goals in 41 matches, before joining Crewe last summer. His signing follows the news that Stags could be without injured striker Alex Fisher for four weeks.
Waclaw Radziwinowicz is ordered to leave Russia within 30 days. Russian foreign ministry says he asked it to look after his cat, Marusia. It says it was a "reciprocal measure" after Poland expelled a Russian journalist. Gazeta Wyborcza's managing editor says he does not understand Russia's "game"
Venezuelan security forces allegedly responsible for at least 46 deaths in protest-related violence. UN human rights team conducted interviews remotely because its requests for access went unanswered by the Venezuelan authorities. Estimates suggest that more than 5,000 people had been arbitrarily detained between 1 April, when the protests began, and 31 July.
TripleSat Constellation is a constellation of three satellites. They can see the Earth in a range of visible and infrared wavelengths. Surrey Satellite Technology Limited has leased all the time on the satellites to 21st Century Aerospace Technology Ltd of Beijing. The data will help with urban planning, working out crop yields and pollution monitoring.
Howard Francis, 92, was shot in the shoulder near Rouen on 27 August 1944. He received a letter which said he would be awarded the Legion d'honneur. But there was a delay due to a backlog in applications. Mr Francis's family was helped by Links, a Llanelli-based charity.
The 24-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at Crawley. The ex-Burton player will officially join on 1 January. Marcus Bignot's side have reached an agreement to bring him in on a free transfer. Click here for more transfer news.
Welsh Labour leader says the party is in a state of crisis. He is calling for a change in the way the government is run. The party has been in power since the 1980s and has a majority in the assembly. It is now in talks with other parties to form a new government.
The 30-year-old Scot was sent off after 20 minutes of the Exiles' 45-14 loss to Bath on Saturday. Wasps prop Lorenzo Cittadini has been given a one-week ban after pleading guilty to punching Gloucester back Billy Twelvetrees on Sunday.
The new rule comes from Iran's Supreme Council of Cyberspace. Firms have been given one year to comply. Campaign group Privacy International described it as "extremely worrying" Telegram could not be reached for comment but reports circulating on social networks that it has decided to comply are understood to be false.
The 34th America's Cup, to be held in San Francisco in September 2013, will come too early for the Briton. Ainslie won his fourth Olympic gold in a row by coming home first in the Finn class at Weymouth. JP Morgan has been announced as the main sponsor for the team.
Windows 8 is designed for touchscreen devices such as tablets. Users are encouraged to tap on, underline or circle the parts that are important to them. The sequence of gestures, including start and end positions and orientation act as a key to unlock the device. Experts said it might stop people using weak passwords but could lead to other loopholes.
Darren Lee Barton was assaulted outside the Rutland Arms in Grimsby. He was taken to the Diana Princess of Wales Hospital but died on Wednesday. Nathan Newland, 27, has been charged with section 20 wounding and producing cannabis. He has been remanded in custody and is due to appear at Crown Court.
Japan's upper house voted to allow troops to fight overseas for the first time since the end of World War Two 70 years ago. The government says the changes are vital to meet new military challenges such as those posed from a rising China. Critics say the changes violate the pacifist constitution and could lead Japan into US-led wars abroad.
Demba Ba and Eden Hazard put Chelsea 2-0 up at half-time. Rickie Lambert came off the bench to head home Nathaniel Clyne's cross. Jason Puncheon equalised for Southampton with a superb finish. Chelsea now 13 points behind Manchester United with 16 games left.
Ireland face Sri Lanka at Malahide on 16 and 18 June. Young is expected to be sidelined for between six and eight weeks. The 26-year-old signed for Hampshire on a short-term loan deal in April. He has played nine ODIs and 10 Twenty20s for Ireland.
A palaeontologist found the fossil in the collections of Doncaster Museum and Art Gallery. He realised it was the 189-million-year-old remains of an ichthyosaur. The sharp-toothed marine reptiles swam in large numbers in the seas around Britain when dinosaurs roamed.
Archibald, 22, dominated the event, with Dutch rider Kirsten Wild second and Belgium's Lotte Kopecky third. The Scottish cyclist won gold in the pursuit quartet at the Olympics in Rio. That came 24 hours after she won her third consecutive women's individual pursuit title, having gained silver in Thursday's elimination race.
The total number of fans attending Scottish Professional Football League games, including play-offs, was up to 4,267,467 from 3,804,342 in 2015-16. It is the first time attendances have topped the four million mark since the 2008-09 campaign.
It is hoped the theatre, founded in 1875, will be used for theatrical performances, cinema screenings, comedy and live music. The BBC studios, at the eastern end of the Palace, will also be repaired and refurbished. The entire east wing will be refurbished at a cost of £26.6m.
Experts say the sinkhole opened up after heavy rain put pressure on the surface. Parts of the course are made over an old limestone mine and the hole opened up over a cave. The area is now out of bounds until it can be repaired. It's certainly one hole golfers shouldn't be able to miss.
46.8 million people were registered to vote in the 8 June election. This was 500,000 higher than in 2015 and more than the 46.4 million figure for the EU referendum. Of these, 68.7% actually voted on the day, the highest turnout figure for a general election since 1997.
Flyers went into the closing weekend in the final post-season place. Manchester Giants could have gone above them with two wins from three games. But Giants lost to Newcastle Eagles, Sheffield Sharks and London Lions, Flyers beat fellow rookies Force. Glasgow Rocks were the other big winners of the final weekend.
The French visitors led 16-6 at half-time thanks to Francois van der Merwe's try and the kicking of Johan Goosen. Fly-half Dan Biggar kept Ospreys in touch by kicking four penalties, but when Goosen dropped a goal it seemed to have clinched a Racing win. Justin Tipuric's late blistering break let centre Matavesi go under the posts and Biggar converted.
Bradley Lowery, from Blackhall Colliery near Hartlepool, was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013. More than £700,000 was raised to pay for treatment in the USA, including £200,000 from Everton. Last week his mother Gemma revealed his cancer had grown and treatment would only give him more time.
Fifa's executive committee will meet in Zurich on 19 and 20 March. The 2022 World Cup could be held in November or December. The other dates under consideration were May and January-February. Football Association chairman Greg Dyke said November-December was "the best of the options"
Shares in Barclays fell 0.9% after the US Department of Justice sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud. It says Barclays misled investors about the quality of loans backing securities in the run-up to the financial crisis. Barclays has rejected the claims. ONS also trimmed its growth estimates for the first and second quarters of the year.
Telecoms company BT launched the UK-wide contest in August to mark the 80th anniversary of the telephone service. The winner's voice went live during The One Show on Wednesday at 19:00 GMT. Sara Mendes da Costa has been the voice of the speaking clock since winning the last competition in 2007.
Conte's move to Stamford Bridge was announced in April. He will take over when his Italy contract expires at the end of this summer's tournament. The 68-year-old led Torino to 12th in the Serie A last season. His only managerial trophy is a third division title with Lecce in 1996.
The mother of murdered two-year-old James says she will never let him go. Mrs Fergus says she believes her son's killer will harm someone else. She says she has been "let down so many times by the system" She has set up a charity to help young people who have been victims of crime.
The 27-year-old Frenchman played 29 times for Leyton Orient in 2016-17, as they were relegated from League Two. He was out of contract, having joined the O's from Portsmouth on an 18-month deal in January 2016. Atangana made his name in England with Havant and Waterlooville.
Compton was dropped in 2013 amid reports he fell out with coach Andy Flower. The 32-year-old was recalled for last winter's series win in South Africa. He scored 245 runs at an average of 30 as England won 2-1 in the series. Compton's place for the first Test of the summer against Sri Lanka is not certain.
College baseball player Christopher Lane, 22, was shot in the back in the town of Duncan on Friday. Police said one of the accused admitted Lane was killed for "the fun of it".Chancey Luna, 16, and James Edwards, 15, were charged with first-degree murder. Michael Dewayne Jones, 17, has been named as accessory to the crime.
Britain's Got Talent judge surprised 200 children at a London school. He read extracts from his books, including Gangsta Granny and Windy Mindy. Watch the clip to see more of David Walliams' work. The follow-up to The World's Worst Children is out now.
Webb joins full-back Halfpenny in missing the tournament. Ospreys wing Eli Walker is also drafted back in to the squad. The 26-year-old left the field on a stretcher during the first-half against Italy. He said he was "really disappointed to be ruled out of the RWC"
Ebola was the top news story of the year, followed by ALS and Malaysia Airlines. The deaths of Peaches Geldof, Robin Williams and Rik Mayall also featured in the top 10 trending search list. Flappy Bird, the Grand National and Jennifer Lawrence also appeared in top searches.
"There was some sloppiness in there that we'll have to rectify in the week," says Stuart Lancaster. "We're always going to be picky with the things that we do," adds the former England coach. "It's not a big deal, it's just one of those things that happen"
Jessica Taylor suffers from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome. The 25-year-old, of Cliffe Woods, Kent, met Samuel Bearman through friends. She is working with a physiotherapist in her bid to walk again. She said the wedding would be a "dream come true"
The resolution demands an end to Israeli settlement building on occupied land. It was passed after the US refused to veto it, breaking with long-standing American practice. The issue is one of the most contentious between Israel and the Palestinians. About 500,000 Jews live in about 140 settlements built since 1967.
Lithuania violated an article on free elections in the European Convention on Human Rights, the ruling said. Mr Paksas was impeached and removed from office as president after the Baltic state's constitutional court found that he had abused his position. He complained that the constitutional court had lacked impartiality and had exceeded its powers.
Santi Cazorla, Alexis Sanchez and Mesut Ozil scored for Arsenal. Roberto Pereyra scored on his Watford debut but it was not enough. Walter Mazzarri was made to wait for his first win as Watford manager. Arsenal have now spent almost £100m since last season. Arsene Wenger: "We are not completely there physically"
Up to 40mm (1.5in) could fall, with a yellow be aware warning in place until 22:00 BST. Forecasters are uncertain about how heavy and persistent the rain will be. The warning covers Carmarthenshire, Pembrokeshire, Powys, Caerphilly and Merthyr Tydfil.
The Miscarriage Association wants people to open up about baby loss. One mother filmed the aftermath of her miscarriage for a documentary. The reason behind a miscarriage is often unclear - leaving women with no one to blame but themselves. Most miscarriages happen in the first three months of a pregnancy.
Cer Cerberus bought the loan portfolio for £1.3bn in 2014. It paid a £15m "success fee" to the Brown Rudnick law firm for work it had done on the portfolio. Chief operating officer Mark Neporent is giving evidence to the Public Accounts Committee.
Dunfermline made a strong start and twice went close through Joe Carle and Michael Moffat. But Ayr took the lead with a Ross Docherty header which sneaked over the Pars goal line. The result keeps Ayr United above St Mirren, and moves them just three points behind eighth placed Dumbarton with a game in hand.
Lord McConnell was in Malawi to discuss the importance of electricity. He tweeted: "Walked out to the dark street and fell down a drain. #Ouch" He signed a co-operation agreement between Scotland and Malawi in 2005. The Labour peer is a regular visitor to the east African country.
Inmate found unresponsive in his cell at HMP Elmley, Isle of Sheppey. Ministry of Justice confirmed nine people died at the prison in 2014. Four were apparent self-inflicted deaths, four were deaths from natural causes. In November, Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Prisons said high-risk inmates were not being properly assessed.
Neil Moore, 28, posed as a senior court clerk and sent bail instructions to prison staff, who released him on 10 March 2014. His deception was uncovered when solicitors went to interview him three days later, only to find him gone. Moore, from Ilford, east London, handed himself in and pleaded guilty to eight counts of fraud and one count of escape from lawful custody.
Carmarthenshire's Mark James and Pembrokeshire's Bryn Parry Jones had been given cash payments in lieu of employer pension contributions. Public spending watchdog report said both authorities had acted unlawfully in allowing the chief executives to opt out of the Local Government Pension Scheme. Mr James was also unlawfully given an indemnity against potential libel costs.
The motorist was stopped on the M1 near Rotherham at about 13.30 BST. Humberside Police said the driver had not got an immediate ban but had been reported to the courts. In 2015 244 people were killed in crashes that occurred when a driver was breaking the speed limit.
The UK has a population of 63.7 million, of which 5.3 million (8%) are non-British. Just over half of those - 2.9 million (5%) - are from Europe. Just under 1.2 million UK nationals live elsewhere in the EU.
The 78-year-old actress is famed for being part of the classic Carry On... line up. She also became a household name to a new generation of TV viewers through her role as Peggy Mitchell in EastEnders. Here, in pictures, is a look back at her career, which spans seven decades.
Virtual reality is becoming a common tool for people wanting to sell something. It has been used to help soldiers deal with post-traumatic stress disorder and for arachnophobics to overcome their fear of spiders. In the UK, the National Autistic Society made a VR film to show people what it's like to live with the condition.
Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan both scored 83% in the 11th National Student Survey. Glyndwr scored 80% while University of South Wales and Trinity St David both had 79% satisfaction. More than 300,000 people were surveyed at universities and colleges around the UK.
Police have arrested three suspected Islamist militants in raids in Berlin, Lower Saxony and North Rhine-Westphalia. Two men - a Tunisian and a Moroccan - have been charged over the Cologne offences. More than 100 women were victims, but the full scale only emerged later.
It follows a BBC investigation into how assembly members use their expenses.Ciara Riddell reports on the latest developments in the case. She says it is not clear how long it will take for the case to be heard by the court. The case is expected to last until at least the end of the month.
Mahalia Hamid said she and her friends were told they could not enter Volt. She said she then stood by and watched as groups of white people walked into the club. Volt told the BBC it had always "welcomed a diverse audience", including people of different races.
The Fostering Network surveyed 250 children, teenagers and foster carers. Almost half were already living with their third family, a quarter with their fourth and about 20 with their 10th. More than 5,500 children are in foster care in Scotland, living with 4,400 families.
Peter Mueller, 70, and his friends, aged 78 and 81, were given awards by Derbyshire police on Friday. The trio were returning to a family member's home in Heanor when they caught the intruder taking some jewellery in June. The thief has since been jailed for 27 months for burglary.
770,000 EU nationals living in the capital should be eligible for a visa. They make up 15% of London's employees. EU nationals contribute more than £26bn to London's Gross Value Added. They pay direct taxes of about £7bn a year. Their departure from the workforce "would be economically harmful"
The 30-year-old defender has made 200 appearances for the Rams since joining from Coventry City in 2012. A Republic of Ireland international, Keogh made two appearances at Euro 2016 as Ireland reached the knockout stages."He's an important player, on and off the pitch, so it's great news that he has committed his future for the next three years," says Nigel Pearson.
dispute is over plans to move staff from a final salary pension scheme. GMB Scotland and Unite members voted in favour of action. Action could affect all of Diageo's 50 sites in Scotland, as well as other locations in Northern Ireland and Cheshire.Diageo described the move as "clearly disappointing", adding that it was "premature"
refurbished trains are due to run on the Belfast to Dublin route from the end of February. The train was suspended last week after two incidents in which passenger doors opened mid-journey. Translink said that the suspension has been lifted after an investigation of the door mechanisms.
Indonesia is a majority Muslim country and has among the highest number of child brides in the world. The clerics urged the government to raise the minimum legal age for women to marry to 18 from the current 16.Fatwas are issued regularly in Indonesia, but usually by the Indonesian Ulema Council.
"There should be no baseball season this year," says former Major League Baseball player. Calls come after Venezuela lost the right to host the 2018 Caribbean Series. Venezuela has been hit by consistent political instability and street protests for months. The government has blamed the opposition for the violence, saying it uses teenagers and children as "cannon fodder"
Boris Johnson says no decision has been taken on paying for single market access. But the foreign secretary said any payments had to be "sensible" David Davis suggested the UK could pay for tariff-free access to the single market. But Mr Johnson said he was not "going to get into the minutiae"
Fans were forced to shelter in cars and tents. Organisers say the decision was made because of the weather. Last year, 33 people were injured when lightning struck a football match. Red Hot Chili Peppers were on the line-up for this year's event. It is the 31st year the festival has been running.
The Juvenile Justice Bill was passed by the Rajya Sabha - the upper house of the parliament. At present, those under 18 can be sentenced to a maximum of three years in a reform facility. The move to change the law gathered momentum after the youngest convict in the 2012 Delhi gang rape was recently released from detention.
Karl and Donovan Demetrius, both 29, Jaydene Parsons, 23, and James Ireland, 23,. were charged with assisting an offender earlier. All were remanded in custody after a short hearing at Bristol Magistrates' Court. Nathan Matthews, 28, appeared in court earlier charged with her murder.
Casper Read, 15, was travelling alone to grandparents in France when he was asked to leave the plane after a man was allocated the same seat. EasyJet has apologised, offered compensation and is investigating. The airline overbooks its flights by up to five seats due to people often not showing up.
Dawn Clements urged people to get vaccinated after the death of Jeff Hall in 1959. Mr Hall's death at the peak of his career aged 29 shocked the nation. Mrs Clements, of Kidderminster, died at the end of last month, aged 79. British Polio Fellowship said there are many people alive and well "who owe her a huge debt of gratitude"
Farage had said he would stand down after failing to win a seat in the election. But the party said there was "overwhelmingly evidence" that UKIP members did not want him to go. Mr Farage said he had been "reluctant", but decided he "owed it to the party to stay"
The 300-acre site was abandoned by UK Coal 20 years ago. It will undergo remedial work before paths are built in May. The authority has also given the go-ahead for a solar farm to be located at the former spoil tip in the middle of the park.
UK Supreme Court asked to overturn High Court ruling in favour of the PSNI. A judge in Belfast had ruled that the police had facilitated illegal parades. The ruling was quashed by the Court of Appeal. The legal battle moved to the UK Supreme Court in London on Tuesday.
Despite calling it a "gimmick", Labour backed the Charter for Budget Responsibility. Chancellor George Osborne said Labour would create "a tax bombshell or a borrowing bombshell" Institute for Fiscal Studies said voters faced a "stark choice" between the parties. Both sides accused each other of shifting their deficit reduction targets.
The man was pronounced dead at the scene on the A173 in Great Ayton. A 21-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He has been released on bail pending further inquiries, North Yorkshire Police said. The force has appealed for any witnesses to come forward.
Rhys Jones, 36, was stabbed to death by Rhys Barnes in November 2015. Barnes, 28, had 17 previous convictions for 41 separate offences. He was being supervised by the National Probation Service at the time. Review questioned whether Barnes' level of risk to the public should have been reassessed.
Lancashire had trailed by 131 runs with one first-innings wicket left. An early lunch had been taken at Old Trafford before the match was called off. Both sides take 10 points from the game, withomerset fourth and Lancashire fifth.
Department for Education says the measures present a clearer picture of how well schools are performing. Head teachers say the results come amid a funding and recruitment crisis. Results cannot be compared with previous years, as this is the first year that schools and pupils have been assessed under the new system. In the North West, one in six secondary schools is under-performing.
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring, 71, wanted to demolish her house and replace it with a new dwelling and two-storey basement. She is challenging Kensington and Chelsea Council's policy of restricting basements to one storey. She hit the headlines in April after painting her house in red and white stripes.
The shutdown - the first for 17 years - has left more than 700,000 employees on unpaid leave since 1 October. It has closed national parks, tourist sites, government websites, office buildings, and more. The nation's 1.4 million active-duty uniformed military personnel remain on duty.
Dartmoor Hill Pony Association (DHPA) said it had put forward the idea "reluctantly" The group claims numbers have dropped from about 30,000 at the beginning of the century to just 1,500 in 2011. It said demand had dropped for the ponies as pets because of the economic downturn.
The suspension came a day after Germany's Lufthansa said it would suspend its services to the country. Venezuela has been hit hard by the global drop in oil prices and a chronic shortage of basic goods. Some airlines are now requiring passengers to pay their fares in dollars.
Terrie Kirby, 16, Alexandra Binns, 18, Ryan Beal, 20 and Brandon Brown, 20, died following the crash on the A6201 between Upton and Hemsworth on 27 September. Daniel Raynor, 23, from Barnsley, has been charged with four counts of causing death by dangerous driving and two counts of dangerous driving.
Interpol believes the gang carried out at least 380 armed robberies jewellery shops between 1999 and 2015. Most of those arrested are from eastern Europe. German and Serbian authorities were involved in the build-up to the raid. Pink Panthers were given their name when police in London made an arrest in 2003, and found a diamond ring hidden in a jar.
Rochdale scored twice in the last 10 minutes to make a contest of it, but they left themselves with too much to do. The visitors were fortunate to go in only a goal down at half-time, a Dale lead deservedly earned in the 41st minute. Rochdale had also seen an Ian Henderson finish ruled out for handball, while Iron goalkeeper Luke Daniels had brilliantly saved Harrison McGahey's shot.
Mears Scotland has held the contract with the council for four years. Critics believe the work should be put out to tender to give others the chance to compete. The boss of Mears Scotland, Willie Docherty, is a personal friend of the council leader Jim McCabe.
Fishermen were stranded off the coast of India for a week after their engine failed. They were rescued by a rescue team led by Captain Menon. She is the first woman to win the International Maritime Organization's Exceptional Bravery Award. She says gender doesn't matter as long as you do your job well.
Alastair Cook's future as England captain is not in his own hands, writes Jonathan Agnew. Cook and director of cricket Andrew Strauss do meet for debriefs at the end of every series. If Cook either resigns or is sacked, then the players in his team must share the responsibility. Joe Root is the natural candidate to replace him.
More than 2,400 children voted and 47% thought that bullies should be punished for their actions. 53% said bullies should been helped. We spoke to anti-bullying specialist Alex Holmes to get his advice for anyone who is being bullied. He says: 'If you're being bullied, you need to do something about it'
The 38-year-old spinner skippered the side to the Division Two title in 2015. Batty is currently in his second spell at The Oval, having played for Surrey between 1998 and 2001. He was appointed captain at the start of this year and took 40 wickets at an average of 28.17.
Cameroon lost 2-1 to Germany in their World Cup 2014 semi-final. Kerem Demirbay and Timo Werner scored for the Germans. Vincent Aboubakar grabbed a consolation goal for the Indomitable Lions. Ernest Mabouka was also sent off after confusion involving the VAR.
The 60 Pacific 24 rigid-hulled inflatable boats will be built by BAE systems. The first carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is expected to be operational in 2020. Three million cubic metres of clay, sand and gravel will be removed from a two-mile stretch of Portsmouth Harbour.
The first phase of the project is due to open in 2026. The second phase will be completed in 2028. The trains will be capable of travelling at speeds of up to 100mph. The first phase is expected to cost around £1.5bn, with the second phase costing £2bn.
Most of the loans - 86% - that are being sold off are in the Republic of Ireland. The rest relate to business in Northern Ireland. While the face value is about £15m, the actual value is now likely to be considerably less. It is understood the loans being disposed of have been under special management for a significant time.
The Treaty of Rome included the commitment for men and women to receive equal pay. The rules were strengthened following the 1975 Equal Pay Directive. The right of part-time workers to join occupational pension schemes was determined by rulings of the ECJ. If Britain leaves the EU those rules could, in principle, be revoked.
Vickilee Galloway, 37, set her dog on Stacey Findlay after the two women started arguing in February last year. Part of Ms Findlay's ear was torn off and a man was also attacked. Galloway admitted assault by inciting her pet to attack Ms Findley. Sentence at the High Court in Aberdeen was deferred and she was remanded in custody.
Connor Williams, 17, and Conor Tiley, 18, both from Aberbargoed, died in a crash on New Road, Tir-y-Berth, Hengoed, on 3 January. The teenager was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Gwent Police confirmed no further action would be taken.
England are without Mako and Billy Vunipola and Chris Robshaw. James Haskell, Maro Itoje, Anthony Watson, Jack Clifford and Jack Nowell all return for the champions after injury. Mike Williams, Nathan Catt and Alex Lozowski are the uncapped trio in the 34-man squad.
Last woolly mammoths lived on Wrangel Island in the Arctic Ocean around 4,000 years ago. Scientists analysed ancient DNA of the extinct animals for mutations. Mutations may have led to a loss of olfactory receptors, responsible for the sense of smell, and substances in urine involved in social status and attracting a mate.
Johnson died after a short illness at the Royal Marsden Hospital in Chelsea, London. He made his film debut in 1959 alongside Frank Sinatra and Gina Lollobrigida. His most recent film credits include The Boy in the Striped Pyjamas (2008) and Lara Croft: Tomb Raider (2001)
The 32-year-old was attacked in St George's Gardens shortly after midnight on Wednesday 12 July. Detectives have appealed to two witnesses who saw the suspect and victim shortly before the attack took place. They said two men passed the woman and her attacker and spoke to both of them as they walked towards Sandy Row.
The names of soldiers who died in the First World War are inscribed on the walls of the Larkhill Tunnel. The tunnel is being built by the Ministry of Defence as part of a £1.5million project to build a new military base in the area. The project is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
Operation Manna dropped nearly 7,000 tonnes of food over The Netherlands. The country had lost 20,000 people through starvation, with a further 980,000 classed as malnourished. The bulbs were donated by the Dutch government to the International Bomber Command Centre (IBCC)
There are currently 179 fast food restaurants near schools in the area. The British Retail Consortium wants to reduce the number of fast food outlets near schools. The BRC says it wants to encourage businesses to remove unhealthy foods from their menus. It also wants to see a reduction in the amount of sugar and fat in fast food.
Lego said it had listened carefully to parents and grandparents. Firm regularly gives away free toys via the paper, but said there would be no more "in the foreseeable future" The Mail is the UK's second most-read daily newspaper and boasts almost 15m readers a day online - the biggest of any British newspaper.
PEP005 is one of the ingredients in a treatment to prevent cancer in sun-damaged skin. Researchers tested the drug in cells grown in the laboratory and in parts of the immune system taken from 13 people with HIV. Experts said the findings were interesting, but it was important to know if the drug was safe in patients.
Mohammed Ali, of Prescot Road, Liverpool, is accused of attempting to possess a chemical weapon. The father of two, 31, has denied the charge at the Old Bailey in London. He allegedly tried to order 500mg of the deadly toxin, the jury was told.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood unveils nine key policies to boost the nation's health, education and economy. She said 17 years of "unbroken Labour rule" had brought "economic stagnation" and declining public services. Ms Wood denied the party was making unfunded spending announcements, saying tuition fee and health merger policies would save money.
Harlow became one of the UK's first post-war settlements in 1947. It is credited as having the first modern high-rise residential tower block, The Lawn. A mural featuring Harlow citizens, including its MP Robert Halfon, was created by Polish artist Jola Kudela.
Diamond says he is in talks with four or five international players to join the club. The 47-year-old says there is no urgency to bring in players. He is happy with the way the club has found players in the past five years. "I don't need to rush into signing players. We've got a good protocol"
Karagounis made his international debut in 1999 and amassed a record 139 caps for his country. Greece lost on penalties in the last-16 tie against Costa Rica. The 37-year-old midfielder was released by Fulham at the end of last season. Greece coach Fernando Santos will also leave his post.
St Mirren beat Ayr United 1-0 in Group G match at Paisley. St Mirren manager Alex Rae: "We struggled to get any intensity in the first half" Ayr manager Ian McCall: "I thought it was a really poor game of football"
Lee O'Donnell pulled it off at the Monster Jam World Finals in Las Vegas, USA. Watch this flipping fantastic stunt! Watch it here: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/features/article-2615761/Lee-O'Donnell-pulls-stunt-at-Monster Jam-World Finals.html#storylink=cpy.
Up to 270 jobs could be lost after Tata Steel announced plans to mothball the plants along with 900 posts at the firm's facility in Scunthorpe. The company blames cheap Chinese imports and high energy costs for a collapse in steel prices. Scottish government has pledged to do everything possible to keep the plants operational, with its preferred option being to find a buyer.
The Advertising Standards Authority wants to make it more obvious. It wants to see warnings - like "ad" or "sponsored" - in the video's title. Ebony Day and Fleur DeForce think that would be a step too far. The new advice comes after the ASA decided some of Britain's YouTube stars broke advertising rules.
The boy is from Northern Ireland, but his family do not want him to be named to protect his identity. His mother had to give up her job to look after him. In June, his parents made the difficult decision to remove him from mainstream schooling. They requested a place for him at a special school but are still waiting.
Ukraine's parliament has voted to reduce the president's powers. It also approved laws which could see the release of jailed opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko. The deal has been met with scepticism by some of the thousands of protesters. President Barack Obama is due to speak to his Russian counterpart, Vladimir Putin, later.
Australia has run through a slew of prime ministers in recent years. The country is holding a federal election on 2 July. You can read more about Australia's revolving-door of political leadership on these links, but for now, let us journey to Australis Minor. Are Australians ready to gamble on yet another PM?
Investigators in Operation Pallial have found evidence of 140 allegations of historical abuse. Claims centre on 18 homes involving offences against boys and girls aged between seven and 19. 84 suspected offenders named - 75 male and nine female. Of these, 16 have been named by more than one complainant. Home Secretary Theresa May ordered this inquiry following a Newsnight report.
The 29-year-old's body was discovered at the DoubleTree by Hilton. Emergency services were called but the man was pronounced dead at the scene. Police Scotland said the death is not being treated as suspicious. A report will be sent to the procurator fiscal.
Northampton's North has a hamstring injury while Leinster's Henshaw has damaged a pectoral muscle. Both were injured during Tuesday's 31-31 draw with Hurricanes. North, 25, starred with two tries in three Test appearances when the Lions beat Australia 2-1 in the 2013 series.
Rakels joined Reading in January 2016 from Polish club Cracovia. The Latvia international made just three appearances for the Royals last season. Rakels could make his competitive debut for Lech in their Europa League qualifier against Macedonian club Pelister on Thursday.
Lana Del Rey's new album, Lust For Life, is her fifth in six years. The singer has opened up musically, as well as lyrically. The title track is a pulse-raising duet with The Weeknd. Summer Bummer almost self-destructs, dissolving into digital noise.
Five US experts share their thoughts on rebuilding trust between black American communities and the police. According to one research group, over 100 unarmed black people were killed by the police in 2015 and a string riots have occurred following similar shootings in 2016. One practical thing that needs to be done is to push towards more community policing.
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says process to close unregistered schools is "inadequate" Sir Michael says 15 such schools have been found and they should be "registered or closed down" Education Secretary Nicky Morgan says the government has taken "robust steps to tackle un registered schools and improve safeguarding"
After the pre-season transfer window, Manchester City Women lead the WSL 1 table ahead of defending champions Chelsea Ladies and third-placed Birmingham City. Keep up to date with all of the key confirmed signings before the season resumes on 26 June. CLICK HERE for all the latest WSL women's news.
Bedene became a British citizen in 2015 but has been unable to overturn a ban preventing him from representing Great Britain in the Davis Cup. Rules were introduced shortly after his switch barring players from representing more than one nation. Bedene moved to Britain in 2008 but Dan Evans said earlier this month he still considered himself to be the British number three.
The 37-year-old says Rio 2016 will be one of his last competitions. Rodriguez lies fifth overall after nine stages of this year's Tour de France. He came second in the 2012 Giro d'Italia and at last year's Vuelta a Espana. In a 17-year career, Rodriguez's best results include a third-placed finish in the 2013 TourDe France.
Maria McKeith worked part-time for the Ardoyne Association from 2010 until she was dismissed in March 2015. A tribunal found her dismissal was linked to her role as primary carer for her disabled daughter. The tribunal awarded her £10,000 for injury to feelings and £6,760 for loss of earnings.
Iain Duncan Smith said staying in the EU puts us at increased risk of an appalling attack like the terrorist killings in Paris. But the prime minister was on the TV sofa this morning saying that we are safer in the union. This is the new, if temporary reality: cabinet ministers disagreeing totally with each other.
The 2016 Ulster Grand Prix will take place between August 8 and 13. It will be the first time since 2000 that the number three plate has been used. The event will be held at the Circuit de lausanne in France. It is the second time in three years that the event has been held in the French capital.
A 'Time To Go, Massimo' poster appeared on an advertising board outside the East Stand on Thursday. The poster was paid for by supporters angry that Cellino has not sold his 75% share in the Championship club. Cellino is currently appealing a ban from the Football League that would prevent him running the club.
Joan Black and her business partner set up Frame in Shoreditch, east London, in 2009. The aim was to run energetic and feel-good classes covering everything from dance to "dynamic Pilates" Frame has since taken out additional bank loans to open two further London outposts in Queen's Park and King's Cross.
Undefeated Rigondeaux had to call off a fight with the Liverpool boxer in March because of visa issues. The Cuban, 35, became WBA champion when Carl Frampton opted to fight for a featherweight title rather than defend his super-bantamweight belt."It's been my childhood dream to be the best in the world," says Dickens.
The scheme was set up to help people of Irish descent trace their roots. As few as 3,000 certificates have been issued since the scheme was launched in 2011. The Department of Foreign Affairs said no more certificates will be issued after August 2015. Previous recipients have included US President Barack Obama and Tom Cruise.
The livestock were taken from the Coltfield area between Wednesday and Thursday. Police Scotland said the theft of such a large number of sheep would have required "careful planning" and the use of vehicles to transport the animals away from the area. Officers have appealed for information.
The New Zealand fighter failed to impress against the Romanian who took the bout at two weeks' notice. The 25-year-old - who claimed the vacant WBO belt against Andy Ruiz in December - did land some shots when in close to Cojanu but when at distance he looked incapable of finding ways to rock a man three inches taller and around two stone heavier.
President drops pledge to declare China a currency manipulator. He also says he is open to reappointing Janet Yellen as head of the Federal Reserve. His administration drops a freeze on federal hiring that it imposed in January. The about-faces suggest the mercurial Mr Trump may be favouring a more pragmatic, moderate approach.
The Alan King-trained seven-year-old, a 16-1 shot, led all the way. Ma Filleule (5-1) was second with 5-2 favourite Don Cossack third. McCoy said: "I would love to say it's a relief, but I actually got such a thrill"
Scarlets full-back posed as Wilfried Bony in fancy dress. He was criticised by Show Racism the Red Card, which said it was "disappointed" The photo has been removed and he said he was not a racist and there was "no malice behind it"
Vietnamese man claims Facebook shut down his account because of his name. Mr Bich said he hoped he had "played a part in brightening your days" Facebook has not commented directly on his case, but its policy on usernames state that people "provide the name they use in real life"
Tesco will open Giraffe branches near to its stores. The supermarket hopes that the acquisition will help revitalise its UK business. The move could help Tesco solve a crucial problem: what to do with the retail space that was once devoted to things like CDs and movies. Giraffe founders will remain in place on the management team.
Ryan Walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the Edinburgh Festival in 2015. The 42-year-old said only two people refused out of the 103 people he asked. His pictures will go on display at Out of the Blue Drill Hall, Dalmeny Street, in August.
Turkish coastguard said the migrants had set off from Turkey's Bodrum peninsula for the Greek island of Kos in the early hours of Wednesday morning. Of 23 people on board the two boats, only nine people are thought to have survived - some made it to shore with life jackets. An image of a young boy lying face down on the beach has sparked an international outcry over the human cost of the crisis.
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Ludogorets in Europa League last-32 first leg. David de Gea was forced off with a knee injury in the warm-up. United face League One side Shrewsbury in the FA Cup fifth round on Monday.
"We don't have a central organisation of technical resources," says Vince Cable. "There is a tendency to look at whether the costs are to society as a whole," he says. "We need to make sure that we have a system in place to ensure that people are protected"
Arrests made after cold callers claimed to be collecting money for Unicef. Charity confirmed no one had been authorised to fundraise in the area. Two other men who were also arrested have been released on bail pending further investigations. The women appear at Cardiff Magistrates Court on Friday 1 May.
Portsmouth won the League Two title on goal difference from Plymouth Argyle on the final day of the season. Paul Cook won the title for a second time in his managerial career after leading Chesterfield to promotion in 2014. Eisner's offer of £5.67m for Portsmouth plus an additional investment of £10m in equity will be voted on by club shareholders and members of the Pompey Supporters' Trust.
A 22-year-old Egyptian man and a 46- year-old Syrian man died last week. Reports suggest they inhaled toxic fumes from heaters. Doctors of the World charity said poor conditions at the camp posed "serious risk" More than 60,000 migrants and refugees live in camps around Greece.
The specimen, nicknamed "Sophie", has been acquired by the Natural History Museum in London. Researchers hope to learn how much it weighed, how it moved and what it used its iconic back plates for. There are only six partial skeletons of the creature, which lived around 150 million years ago.
Oliver Schmidt, a former head of VW's engineering and environmental office in the US, admitted to participating in an attempted cover-up. He faces up to seven years in prison, and up to $400,000 (£306,000) in fines. US prosecutors say Volkswagen installed special software in certain diesel vehicles that allowed them to perform better during emissions tests.
Infections account for 1.9m cases of cervical, gut and liver cancers. Most cases are in the developing world. Cancer of the cervix accounted for about half of the infection-related cancers. In the UK, infections are thought to be responsible for 3% of cancers.
Prime Minister David Cameron met his Turkish counterpart Ahmet Davutoglu in Ankara. He said the two countries shared a "strong and common political will" to address the threat posed by foreign fighters travelling to and from conflict zones in Syria and Iraq. The UK government is seeking greater powers to confiscate the passports of people returning to the UK from Iraq and Syria.
Tim Peake became the first British astronaut on the International Space Station when he launched into space in December. He says his highlight on the ISS is the spacewalk he carried out and the moment he stepped into space. On his return to Earth, he says the first meal he'd like to eat is pizza.
BBC Radio 1 is looking for new talent to present on Saturday and Sunday nights. The station is celebrating its 50th anniversary this year with a series of new shows. The first of the new shows will be on Saturday night at 10:30pm, followed by a Sunday night show at 11pm.
Twenty-one animals had first beached at Staffin on Monday afternoon. Most of the whales were saved but 10 then went on to strand themselves. Eight whales died including a female and her new born calf. The stranding is thought to have been triggered by the female having problems while calving.
The Houthis have taken a battering from the air strikes, but remain in control of western Yemen. The rebels come from the far north of the country, and as Shia they share the same branch of Islam as only 30 percent of the population. The Saudi leadership knows it cannot afford to fail in Yemen, not just for fear of instability spilling across their common border.
BBC Radio 4 put a prompt on social media ahead of Valentine's Day: "Tell us a story about love" It invited anyone in the world to make a two-minute voice recording of their relationship story, on their phone, and email it in as an attachment. Reaction Time is the network's first programme made entirely on smartphones.
Irn Bru's sugar content will be cut from about 10g per 100ml to just below 5g. It will reduce the calorie count per can from just under 140 to about 66. The move is part of a "long-standing sugar reduction programme" The UK government plans to introduce a levy on sugary drinks in April 2018.
Sheryl Sandberg confirms decision to retain Peter Thiel as a board member. Mr Thiel has been criticised for using his wealth to try and silence part of the media. Media experts question whether the decision is sustainable in the long-term. Facebook shareholders have an opportunity to question the decision at its annual stockholder meeting on 20 June.
Eric was the UK's first humanoid robot, built in 1928. He could stand, move his limbs and even speak. He disappeared without explanation in the 1930s. A fundraising campaign has raised more than Â£6,000 in four days. A new exhibition will showcase the evolution of modern robotics.
El Salvador has one of the highest murder rates in the world. The presence of the gangs known as "maras" is believed to be the largest contributor to those soaring rates. In some families, a third generation of gang members is now developing. More than 6,000 soldiers - almost half of the army's manpower - have been deployed in hotspots around the country.
Six sports shared a fund of £13.4m over the past four years. That pot could now be boosted for the 2018 Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea. UK Sport chief Liz Nicholl: "We're anticipating building on it and will be going for more medals in 2018"
Craig Peacock fired the hosts into a ninth minute lead. Manchester hit back three minutes later courtesy of Vinny Scarsella's breakaway goal. Luke Salazar moved in front six seconds before the end of the second period. A short-handed empty net goal from Matthew Davies in the final minute sealed the win.
Sir Keir Starmer said there was a "very strong case" for the CPS to make the final decision on whether to prosecute cases. Police forces in England and Wales decide whether to pass a case on to the CPS after investigating a death. The CPS said cases should be referred to a prosecutor as early as possible.
Brady, now 74, and Myra Hindley murdered five children between 1963 and 1965. Keith Bennett is the only one of their victims never to be found. Ms Powell was arrested after she told a television documentary Brady had given her a sealed envelope to pass to Winnie Johnson, Keith's mother.
Carlisle were reduced to 10 men just before the half-hour mark when Jamie Devitt was shown a second yellow card for a tug on Gary Roberts. Former MK Dons midfielder Carl Baker levelled through a low shot before the break. Michael Smith missed an open goal early in the second half for the home side.
Researchers say the electron differs from being perfectly round by a minuscule amount. The discovery is important because it may make some of the emerging theories of particle physics - such as supersymmetry - less likely. The current best theory to explain the interactions of sub-atomic particles is known as the Standard Model.
Dominic Grieve said the right to report proceedings did not "necessarily extend" to all media. Remarks repeated "out of context" might not be covered, he suggested. He also warned MPs against revealing details of court orders in Parliament. MPs are protected from prosecution over statements made in Parliament under what is known as parliamentary privilege.
Thomas Buckett, now 21, fell 15ft (4.5m) through a skylight at Clayton Hall Business and Language College, Staffordshire, in May 2010. He shattered one side of his skull and was in a critical condition for two weeks. A compensation claim launched by his family was thrown out on Monday.
Lotto Soudal's Greipel won the 100.5-mile stage from Glasgow to Castle Douglas. Sir Bradley Wiggins, the 2013 winner, finished safely in the peloton. Greipel picked up 10 bonus seconds for the stage win. Jasper Bovenhuis (ORI) is second overall in the general classification.
UK Parking Control (UKPC) said it has investigated allegations one of its employees in Lincoln had changed timestamps on photos. UKPC operates more than 1,400 sites nationwide. Similar problems have been reported outside Lincoln, including in Newcastle-under-Lyme, Staffordshire.
Plans for a new road to be built on the site of the former Western Infirmary. The £1.13bn project is part of the Glasgow City Region City Deal. It is expected to create 2,500 new jobs and contribute £130m to the city's economy.
The song United We Stand brings together Ladysmith Black Mambazo from South Africa and Malian singer Salif Keita. Lyrics include the line "Africa is our home, make it a better place". At least seven people have died over a month of attacks on foreigners and foreign-owned property.
The 27-year-old woman was found at Knowle Close, Redditch, on Sunday. A man, 32, has been arrested and is in police custody. The results of a post-mortem examination on the woman will be released later, West Mercia Police said.
There has been continued sniping from ministers about the level of reserves held by higher education institutions. Even the finance minister Jane Hutt couldn't resist having a swipe at the hundreds of millions of pounds in their coffers. The stand-off between ministers and vice-chancellors was beginning to develop.
Presenter described people involved in hunting and shooting as "the nasty brigade" in an article last year. The corporation received two complaints from readers stating that Packham should not have expressed his personal opinion in a BBC magazine. But the BBC Trust said the strapline had made clear the article was an opinion piece.
The 36-year-old outfielder came off the bench for a pinch-hit single that scored Michael Martinez. The fourth game in the best-of-seven series takes place in Chicago on Saturday. The Indians are seeking their first World Series title since 1948, while the Cubs are trying to win their first crown since 1908.
Bracknell played Zoe Tate in the ITV series from 1989 to 2005. The 52-year-old mother-of-two has been working as a yoga instructor in recent years. The appeal, launched on a donations website, received more than 2,000 contributions within three days.
Jamie Vardy's crisp finish from a lightning break gave Leicester the lead on 18 minutes. Referee Jonathan Moss made himself even more unpopular when he awarded West Ham a penalty. There had been pushing and pulling in both penalty areas but he decided to punish Wes Morgan for pulling back Winston Reid at a corner.
China has the world's fastest-growing economy and is undergoing what has been described as a second industrial revolution. It has also launched an ambitious space exploration programme, involving plans to set up a space station by 2020. But relations with trading partners have been strained over China's huge trade surplus and the piracy of goods.
The Patron's Lunch will be attended by 10,000 people from charities. The Queen's grandson Peter Phillips says he is "excited" about the event. The party will be the finale to a weekend of national events to celebrate the Queen's official 90th birthday.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there.
Karen Liu, from the Georgia Institute of Technology, said a falling robot can damage its components and also the people around it. She said the algorithm could help reduce the impact when a humanoid robot takes a tumble. She hopes robots will eventually be able to learn how to recover from a fall.
Labour revived the idea of a national identity card scheme at the start of the new century. But when the last Labour government tried to bring them in the plan faced robust opposition. The Home Office also rejected the idea, a spokesperson said: "The government has no plans to introduce ID cards in the UK"
Celtic manager Brendan Rodgers has already moved into his office at the club's Lennoxtown training ground. The former Liverpool boss invited captain Scott Brown, 30, to his London home for a discussion over dinner. Brown's fellow Scotland international Charlie Mulgrew is out of contract at Celtic.
"We are following the evidence where it leads," says U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder. 14 people were arrested in May on charges of racketeering and money laundering. The charges are related to the sale of World Cup broadcasting rights to Russia and Qatar in 2010 and 2014.
Gatland will step down as Wales coach after the World Cup in Japan. The former New Zealand coach has been in charge of Wales since 2007. He has been linked with a return to the New Zealand set-up after his time in England. The 37-year-old is currently on a two-year deal with the Welsh.
"Despite so many false statements and lies, total and complete vindication...and WOW, Comey is a leaker!" he tweeted early on Friday. Mr Comey told Congress under oath he believed he was fired to influence his investigation into the Trump campaign. The ex-FBI boss led one of several Russia inquiries before he was sacked.
Bradford Council's returning officer made the report to police. It is against the law to discuss voting while polls are open. West Yorkshire Police said it would be reviewing the matter. Mr Galloway snatched the traditionally held Labour seat in a by-election in 2012. He was accused by Labour of making false statements about their candidate in April.
Two sections of the A3055 Undercliff Drive suffered landslips in February 2014. The collapse created a three-mile detour between Niton and St Lawrence. The landslide, which happened during work to repair the road, caused eight homes to be evacuated. Some residents, frustrated with delays, resurfaced the road themselves in October 2014, but the council shut it again.
Action sports game based on Mexican 'Lucha Libre' style wrestling. Players compete in arenas used by official administrative body the AAA. The game will ship with a single player campaign that will let players customise and improve their character. There is also an online match-up that sees users enter forfeit matches.
Gary Neville raised Â£930 at a charity fundraising music night. He was prosecuted for failing to give the cash to the Neuroblastoma Children's Cancer charity. Oscar Knox, a five-year-old boy from Glengormley, County Antrim, died from the rare and aggressive cancer in May.
Mr Hockey's appointment comes after he left politics following his removal as treasurer by Malcolm Turnbull. He had been seen as a close ally of Tony Abbott who was ousted as PM by Mr Turnbull in a party vote in September. Some in the Labor opposition questioned the move, citing Mr Turnbull's role in ousting Mr Abbott and Mr Hockey's departure from politics.
The scheme was set up by former first minister Arlene Mrs Foster in 2012. Its aim was to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources. But businesses received more in subsidies than they paid for fuel. The plan by the economy minister has now been formally submitted to the Department of Finance for approval.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared on the Greek island of Kos. South Yorkshire Police said the current line of inquiry, that Ben was killed accidentally, was the most probable cause of the boy's disappearance. An "item" believed to have been in Ben's possession at the time was found during fresh searches.
The man was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital following the incident just before 06:00 BST on Saturday. He is reported to be in a stable condition. Sussex Police said the incident appeared to be linked to the collapse of a section of railing surrounding the balcony. The one-way street had to be closed to allow for investigations.
A record nine players share the halfway lead on eight under. These include first-day leader Bradley Dredge (72) and Andy Sullivan (68) Kiradech Aphibarnrat, Thomas Aiken and Jaco Van Zyl, Jorge Campillo and Nacho Elvira, Mikko Korhonen and Jeunghun Wang also in the leading nine-strong group.
People started fastening the padlocks to cables on St Botolph's Bridge, Boston, in Lincolnshire, after it opened in 2014. The locks supposedly symbolise the everlasting bond between two lovers. Lincolnshire County Council said it had to remove the locks because they could potentially damage the stainless steel cables.
Hamilton is 33 points behind Rosberg with 100 available in the last four races. The Briton has won three of the four US Grands Prix held at the Circuit of the Americas. He said: "I'm going to give it everything I've got and everything is possible"
The man, in his 30s, was found with chest injuries in Barton, Oxford. He later died in hospital and Rafal Stawski, 34, was charged with one count of murder. A 31-year-old man also arrested in connection with the death has been released.
Water rescue units from Perth and Glenrothes attended the incident. Fire crews from Montrose and Forfar also attended the scene in Edzell. A Scottish Fire and Rescue spokeswoman said the dog's body was later recovered. The incident took place under the Gannochy Bridge in the town.
Sightings of creepy clowns have been reported in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand. Police in Victoria have warned that such behaviour will not be tolerated. One theory is that the upswing is linked to the release of Stephen King's new film. The plot involves a child-slaying being which takes the form of a clown.
Heavy rain scuppered play on a night just three matches from seven got under way. Durham chased down Leicestershire's 88-2 to win thanks to Paul Coughlin (38 not out) and Paul Collingwood (34) Hampshire beat Gloucestershire by 24 runs in Bristol thanks to Michael Klinger's unbeaten 101.
Ajinkya Rahane hit 89 not out in half-century partnerships with Virat Kohli (44) and Ravindra Jadeja (24) Recalled fast bowler Kyle Abbott (3-23) and spinner Dane Piedt (4-101) were the only South African wicket takers. India, who lead 2-0, were struggling on 66-3 and 139-6 in Delhi.
Ofgem said customers could save more than £300 by ditching expensive standard variable tariffs for the cheapest deal. The average standard variable tariff of the larger energy suppliers as of 28 July was £1,066. The cheapest tariff available on that date - a one year fixed tariff - was £758.
University College London researchers found just 51% of the 6,500 children they monitored achieved the recommended hour of physical activity each day. For girls, the figure was just 38%, compared with 63% for boys. Half of the group also spent more than six hours being sedentary each day, although some of this would be spent in class.
Scientists at Imperial College London examined the bone structure of hip-fracture patients who had been treated with bisphosphonates. They found evidence the drugs were linked to microscopic cracks, making bones more fragile and prone to break. Osteoporosis affects three million people in the UK.
Cammy Smith made his Aberdeen debut in 2012 and has scored four times in 89 appearances for the Pittodrie side. The Dons loaned Smith, 21, to Dundee United in July and he has five goals this season. St Mirren host Falkirk on Saturday.
Electricity North West said about 680 customers in Bury and 480 in Rochdale were still cut off. The company has reconnected more than 24,750 customers in the past two days. Labour MP Simon Danczuk said more needed to be done to prevent flooding.
TfL said only 0.7% of all bus journeys were paid for with cash. Green Party said more ticket outlets were needed and questioned how vulnerable passengers would cope. TfL introduced the "one more journey" feature for Oyster users, allowing passengers to make one further trip if they have insufficient credit on their card.
Edinburgh will play the 2017-18 season at George Watson's College. The Pro12 side have been playing at Murrayfield since 2004. Myreside's capacity is to be increased to around 6,000 with temporary stands. Edinburgh will have the option of returning to Murrayfield for bigger matches.
The company is planning to open new stores in Glasgow, Ayrshire and Dundee. It is also looking to expand its existing stores across the country. The company is also planning on opening more stores in Scotland and the rest of the UK. It says it is looking to create a new market for its products.
Activity trackers monitor your steps, calories burned, and even sleep quality. We tested four of the best-known devices to see if they all worked. Jawbone Up Move, Garmin Vivosmart, Fitbit Charge and Misfit Shine were all tested. But did they all give the same results?
Chief Constable David Crompton apologises for the way the force failed. Independent panel found police "sought to deflect responsibility" on to Liverpool fans. Clive Betts, MP for Sheffield South-East, said he had been "absolutely shocked" by the scale of the revelations and called for a new inquest.
One person died when a car, a van pulling a trailer and a lorry crashed. Major repair work was needed to the motorway surface with leaking fuel suspected to have caused damage. The road was closed for about 15 hours with tailbacks to junction 7. Highways England described it as a "complex recovery operation overnight"
The Bluefin-21 submersible robot had finished its search of the area and found nothing. Efforts would now focus on reviewing search data, surveying the sea floor and bringing in specialist equipment. Flight MH370 went missing on 8 March as it flew from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing.
Promoted Edinburgh City started with a 3-2 loss at home to Forfar. Annan beat Stirling Albion by the same score line. Clyde edged out Montrose 2-1, and Elgin City were 1-0 winners away to Cowdenbeath. Arbroath were held at home by Berwick Rangers in a 1-1 draw at Gayfield.
Some people are saying that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK, so that it can join the EU again on its own.Naz has been in Scotland to see what kids there think, and what they think of the referendum. The full interview will be broadcast on Sunday, 27 June, at 9pm on BBC One.
Malcolm Layfield, 63, denies raping an 18-year-old from Chetham's School of Music in the early 1980s. Manchester Crown Court heard the attack occurred during a trip to Cornwall. The court heard the student went on to have a consensual relationship with Mr Layfield.
Beijing imported almost 524,000 barrels per day, a 35% jump from the previous month. The surge comes even as the US has asked countries to cut oil imports from Iran. The US threatened to impose sanctions against financial institutions doing business with Iran's energy sector.
A company was awarded a £39m deal to purchased both spruce and larch timber. As part of the deal, the firm was meant to have built a saw line by Friday. Despite questioning by AMs, Emyr Roberts did not give a clear answer as to whether that has happened.
Councils will be allowed to increase council tax by 2% over next five years. But the LGA said this would not be enough to cover the shortfall. Councils will still have to use cash reserves to pay for services, it said. The LGA estimates the shortfall will be around £6.8bn by the end of the Parliament.
Yamato Tanooka, a seven-year-old Japanese boy, was left in the woods by his parents. The boy trekked 3 miles and found shelter in a barrack under a roof with mattresses. His parents admitted within 24 hours that they had left him there as a punishment. The story has touched many a nerve in Japan.
The announcement of the coaching changes at Surrey on the day of the Australia-Sri Lanka Champions Trophy game at The Oval meant juggling meetings and phone calls with stints in the commentary box for Test Match Special. Due to my other working commitments, I will not be at every day of every match but I will be putting structures in place for the immediate future.
Mo Farah won two gold medals at the London 2012 Olympic Games. He has his sights set on the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro. He shared his tips for young athletes with Newsround. "Focus on yourself. You don't become a better athlete if you have one bad race"
Former aide to leader Nigel Farage promises to make UKIP great again. New leader will be named on 28 November, with nominations closing on Monday. Mr Kassam said he would modernise UKIP funding and local branches. He pledged to increase UKIP's membership to 100,000 by the next general election.
Mr Ahern said he did not expect a return to large-scale violence. He said a hard border with customs checks would have to be re-introduced. The UK government has pledged to ensure there will be no return to the "hard border" of the past.
Memorial to those who died in the Spanish Civil War has been unveiled. It is called Jack Jones in honour of a Merseyside man who fought in the war. The memorial is on the wall of a former trade union centre in Islington. It has been moved from place to place since the building closed.
The 20-year-old was shot in Malvern Road in Kilburn, north-west London. She was standing with a group when they were "approached by a number of suspects" A shot was fired at the group and the woman was killed. The victim's family has been notified and a post-mortem examination is due to take place.
While its existence has become a source of controversy on both sides of the Channel, some are also angry at attempts to destroy it. Some are even angry at the fact that it was built in the first place in the 19th century. It is believed to have been built by the Dutch in the early 1800s.
Brahamdagh Bugti is regarded as one of the most hardline of the Baloch separatist leaders. He has until now been opposed to any rapprochement with the Pakistani state. His remarks are being viewed as an olive branch to the military and could signal the first softening of attitudes within the separatist movement.
Cabinet ministers were worried that the PM would be setting the pace of the debate. They hoped that ministers who wanted to campaign for exit would keep their counsel. But in truth, at least one senior figure had already resolved to break their silence. With that knowledge, and several frank conversations with Eurosceptic ministers, David Cameron's team have decided to relent.
Fujimori said in a letter he intended to share thoughts and memories, happy and sad, while serving a 25-year prison sentence for human rights violations. The social media accounts would be managed by a group of supporters. The 75-year-old governed Peru for a decade before being impeached and fleeing the country in 2000.
Scientists and charities say the human papilloma virus (HPV) jab will protect them from head and neck cancers. The Welsh government said it is waiting for advice from the Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation. In 2008, a vaccination programme was rolled out in schools and 85% of girls in Wales have been vaccinated.
Marc Carter's plea to find a replacement sippy cup for son Ben was retweeted 12,000 times. The 14-year-old has only drunk from the double-handled vessels since the age of two. Tommee Tippee said it will produce 500 cups after it searched factories worldwide and found the original mould.
Brentford fail to find the net for the fourth time in six league games. Tom Cairney scores Fulham's second on the break in stoppage time. Brentford keeper David Button saves from Josh Clarke and Stefan Johansen. Dean Smith's Bees are only outside the top six on goal difference.
He succeeds Laurent Fabius, 69, who announced on Wednesday he was stepping down as part of a cabinet reshuffle. Segolene Royal - a former presidential candidate and Mr Hollande's ex-partner - has been given an expanded portfolio, becoming minister for environment, energy and the oceans. Emmanuelle Cosse, leader of the Greens, has been named housing minister.
The naked man was spotted outside his hotel on Chorlton Street, Manchester. Greater Manchester Police said it was a "genuine case of sleepwalking" The man's identity has not been revealed by police. The incident happened at about 04:30 BST on Monday.
Ayshah gives you all you need to know about the Winter Olympics. What events will there be, how many medals are up for grabs and what will the mascots look like? Click here for all the latest from the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia.
The 34-year-old saw red for a scuffle during Wycombe's pre-season trip to France. Akinfenwa later said on Twitter: "The sending off was dubious" But he continued: "I should have known better but guess every day is a learning day"
Fattah, 59, was found guilty on 23 counts including racketeering, fraud and money laundering. His lawyers said the schemes were run without his knowledge by two political consultants. Fattah will be sentenced on 4 October and is one of the most senior black lawmakers in Congress.
Britain could win as many as seven medals at the Sochi Winter Olympics. It would be the country's best medal haul at a Winter Games since 1936. UK Sport has given more than £14m to sport in the past four years. The country has won just one gold medal at the Winter Olympics so far.
The Scottish and UK governments are at loggerheads over new powers. The Scottish Parliament is expected to vote on the new powers next month. The UK government wants the powers to be devolved to the Scottish Parliament. But the Scottish government wants them devolved for the duration of the parliament.
The Chairboys, searching for their first league victory since 13 August, showed promise in a quiet opening period to the game. The hosts then went close again with Southwell failing to convert a gilt-edged chance on the stroke of half-time. The Chairboys were able to resist Stevenage with Andrew Fox spurning the best opportunity for the visitors.
Bailey Gwynne died after being stabbed in the heart at Cults Academy in October. His 16-year-old killer - who cannot be named for legal reasons - had denied murder but was convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide. He was sentenced by Lady Stacey at the High Court in Edinburgh.
The women's lightweight double sculling final takes place on Sunday. The final will be decided by the winner of the women's singles event. The men's singles final will take place on Saturday. The women's doubles final will happen on Sunday night. The winner will be announced on Monday morning.
A man was taken to hospital after the accident on 9 June and died two weeks later from his injuries. Police believe the seven-time Grand Slam champion was at fault. But a lawyer for Williams said it was an "unfortunate accident" Williams is due to play at Wimbledon in London next week.
Chess boxing involves alternate rounds of chess and boxing. In less than two years of its launch, 10 state-level associations organising championships have come up. 13 countries, including the US, Germany, Russia, the UK and France, play the game. The World Chess Boxing Organisation is lobbying for the game to be included as an Olympic sport.
Donors, including actress Jodie Foster, raised more than $200,000 (£122,000) The SETI Institute says the fund should be enough to keep the telescopes operating until the end of the year. The plan is still dependent on the institute receiving money from the US Air Force to track space debris.
Ross Thomson and Graham Simpson filled in a giant ballot paper outside Holyrood to underline their support for the Vote Leave campaign. Mr Thomson said that with moves towards further centralisation, "Europe is going in a direction that Britain can't follow" Meanwhile, the Scottish remain campaign highlighted how much research funding universities receive from the EU.
David Nisbet, 28, pleaded guilty at Edinburgh's sheriff court to committing a breach of the peace and was fined Â£600. It took firefighters 30 minutes to get him down from the United Free Church of Scotland roof in Bangor Road at about 22:30. Defence solicitor Chris Fehilly said his client had apologised for his "stupid, idiotic act"
Members were unable to reach a compromise after eight hours of talks. The committee had considered plans to reinstate elections to the shadow cabinet. Since 2011, the party leader has selected his own top team. Mr Watson said the proposal could help Labour "put the band back together"
Nottingham Women's Centre hopes it will give more victims courage to report incidents. Chief Constable Sue Fish claims it will make the county a safer place for women. The force defines misogyny hate crime as incidents against women motivated by an attitude of a man towards a woman.Domestic abuse will not be recorded as a misogynyhate crime because it has its own procedure.
More than 90% of those who identify themselves as Protestants say they want to stay in the UK. A substantial 38% of Catholics also favoured remaining within the UK - three percentage points more than the number who backed a united Ireland. The Spotlight survey suggests the main parties have a long way to go to reach across the religious divide.
A spokesman for Australian Immigration Minister Peter Dutton confirmed the husband and wife had left Cambodia. Australia has promised to give Cambodia A$40m in aid and A$15m in resettlement costs to take in its rejected refugees. The Australian government maintains a policy where asylum seekers who arrive by boat are sent to processing centres.
The sign is outside Chimes cafe in Machynlleth, Powys. It says: "The more you weigh, the harder you are to kidnap! Stay safe. Eat cake!!" April, five, went missing on 1 October 2012 near her home. The cafe's owner said the sign was not meant to be distasteful or offensive.
Choudary, 49, and Mohammed Mizanur Rahman, 33, were convicted last month. The pair used speeches to urge support for IS after it declared a caliphate. Choudary will start time in a high security unit at HMP Belmarsh in south-east London.
Jac Davies was rescued from an upstairs bedroom but died at the scene. His three-year-old brother was also taken to Swansea's Morriston Hospital. His sister, six, an 11-month-old son and their mother all managed to escape. They were all suffering from suspected smoke inhalation.
California-based firm plans to return more than $130bn to shareholders by the end of this year. Almost 90% of the cash is held outside the US, and it would have to pay the top corporate tax rate of 35% if it returned the money from abroad.
East Kent Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust serves a population of more than 750,000 people across five different hospitals. It was deemed inadequate by the independent watchdog, the Care Quality Commission, in August. Concerns were raised about a culture of bullying at the organisation. Inspectors identified staff shortages in A&E, children's care and at night.
In a TV interview on Sunday, Mr Trump said he saw no reason why this should continue without key concessions. Foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang told reporters that the "One China" policy was the basis for relations with Washington. The comments come hot on the heels of Mr Trump taking a call from the Taiwanese president.
More than 260 children had been left at the welfare home in Guangzhou since 28 January. Staff will continue caring for babies already at the home, all of whom suffer from illnesses. China introduced the centres so parents could abandon infants safely rather than leaving them in the streets.
Mohit Dupar, 36, died from a brain injury caused by cardiac arrest. Gustavo Silva Da Cruz, 19, died at Camber Sands, East Sussex, on 24 July. Coroner Alan Craze said he would be looking at what public safety measures could be used at the beach.
No commitments in the manifesto that require additional borrowing, is binding up until May 7. Ed Miliband was at pains to contrast this putative prudence with Tories' promise to increase NHS spending by £8bn or their pledge to increase the 40% tax threshold. The scale of tax rises or spending cuts he would need to make falls dramatically the later in the parliament he balances the budget.
Harry Greaves flew to Peru to meet friends in Pisac, near Cusco, on 20 February. He emailed his family twice saying he was enjoying his trip. On 7 April he told his friends he planned on going on a mountain expedition in Kinsa Cocha alone.
The president of Peru has pledged to make the country a better place to live. The country has been hit by a series of natural disasters in recent years. The government has also been hit with a number of political scandals. The president has vowed to make a change in the way the country is run.
The man, in his 20s, was rescued by a volunteer crew from Bangor RNLI. The alarm was raised by Mark Pollock, who was working in Banks Car Park. Medical personnel told him the man could have died if he had remained in the water for another five minutes.
Biker Mark Smith said he was told he would no longer be served at The Royal Oak at Ulley, near Rotherham. The pub is owned by Samuel Smiths brewery, based at Tadcaster in North Yorkshire. Solicitor said it was not against the law for the brewery to ban a group of bikers from its pubs.
Matt Parcell scored a hat-trick as Leeds Rhinos beat Warrington Wolves. Liam Sutcliffe, Joel Moon and Rob Burrow also crossed for the hosts. Leeds have won five of their past seven games and are third in Super League. Warrington have now lost two games in a row for the first time since April.
Second-placed Brechin City and Alloa Athletic, who are third, also won against Peterhead and Stenhousemuir respectively. Airdrieonians, who occupy the other promotion play-off place, beat Albion Rovers 2-1 to stretch their advantage over their opponents to five points. Queen's Park were 2-0 winners away to Stranraer.
The two-level car park in Bournemouth has been closed since 2005. It will be rebuilt in five phases, starting in January and ending in December. The cost of the work is not yet known but it is expected to cost less than £1.5m. The work will be carried out on a temporary basis.
The Somerset mill, owned by Dublin-based C&C Group, has 127 staff. Fruit pulping will continue and apples will be still be sourced from local farmers. Unite has criticised the closure, describing it as "disgraceful, discourteous and Dickensian"
Mr McKelvie said he left after being told he may be required as a witness during the inquiry's investigations. His information had led to Labour MP Tom Watson raising concerns over whether a minister had links to a past paedophile ring. It was later reported that the police had found no evidence for such a claim.
The two Churches will be debating the report over the coming months. The agreement will allow clergy and lay people from each Church to be welcomed into the other when they move across the border. The pact also recognises that the two Churches have constitutional responsibilities in separate parts of the UK.
Six-month-old Molly-Mae Wotherspoon was fatally attacked by an American pit bull named Bruiser at a house in Daventry in October 2014. Mother Claire Riley, 23, and grandmother Susan Aucott, 55, are currently in prison in connection with the death. Northamptonshire Police said it had "overhauled" its dangerous dogs policy.
Notts County striker Rachel Williams returns to the squad for the first time since April 2013. Ellen White and Carly Telford are recalled along with Chelsea duo Millie Bright and Claire Rafferty. The Lionesses will face Norway on Sunday 22 January and Sweden two days later with both games in Murcia.
Voters in the 1975 referendum look back on their decisions and consider how they will vote later this month. In 1975, the Labour Prime Minister Harold Wilson asked the country if it should stay or exit the European Economic Community (EEC) (Common Market) The UK chose to remain in - but how will people vote this time around?
Mountazar Drissi says King Mohammed VI still wields too much power. Demonstrators marched through cities such as Rabat, Casablanca and Tangier. They carried empty boxes to symbolise that they thought turnout was far lower than the 73% announced by election officials.
Kevin Pietersen hits seven sixes in 100 from 45 balls as Dolphins beat Knights. The 35-year-old will play two more games before heading to Big Bash League. Peter Fulton claims five outfield catches for Canterbury province in Super Smash T20 league against Northern Districts.
Former justice minister David Ford is among a cross-community group of politicians and human-rights activists involved in the bid. They have written to Prime Minister Theresa May urging her to consider the NI peace process before formally triggering Brexit. A majority in Northern Ireland backed Remain in the June referendum.
The Northern Ireland Executive is a power-sharing government made up of ministers from the five biggest parties. Northern Ireland secretary Theresa Villiers is now holding talks with all of the different parties to see if they can continue to work together to run the country. The crisis has come about after a murder which the police say was carried out by the IRA.
Monet wanted to create his water garden by diverting the river Epte, a tributary of the Seine. He acquired planning permission for his garden "after a lot of difficulty" The Royal Academy show looks at the role of gardens in the paintings of Monet and his contemporaries.
Plastic-wrapped cardboard boxes ignited after they were stacked close to a 300 watt lightbulb. No-one was injured during the incident but homes and properties within 100 metres (328 ft) of the fire were evacuated. The family said they have set up a market stall in Southampton but hope to rebuild the store.
Two officers filmed themselves near the site of the air crash where 11 people died. The recording was made at the police cordon and accompanied by an offensive message. Assistant Chief Constable Robin Smith recommended they should be dismissed. Sussex Police launched an internal investigation after the footage and message were sent on social media.
Demarai Gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal. Slimani doubled the lead shortly after. The Algerian scored his second four minutes later as he bundled home Gray's cross from close range. Caolan Lavery's fortuitous late strike cut the deficit but Musa fired home in stoppage time.
More than 7,500 people were admitted to hospitals with sepsis last year. Only 12% were initially screened and treated in line with best practice. Health Secretary Vaughan Gething said more needed to be done. The issue is the focus of BBC Wales' Week In Week Out programme.
Widow Susan Schneider Williams wants contents of her home to be excluded from items left to his three children. She filed court papers in December claiming some of her husband's personal items had been taken from the home they shared in Tiburon, California. His daughter Zelda Williams said she and brothers Zachary and Cody had not visited the address since their father's death.
Rory McWhirter, of Edinburgh, collected identity details from people he had deceived into applying for fake jobs at a Glasgow hotel. He used the details to obtain their marriage certificates before using them to register the fake births. He claimed tax credits amounting to £14,222, child benefits of £19,658 and a Sure Start maternity grant of £500.
Luca was selected as an ESA astronaut in May 2009 and travelled to the International Space Station in 2013. He orbited Earth 2,656 times and travelled more than 110 million km in total. He described walking in Space as "absolutely fantastic" and he was "giddy with excitement"
The 29-year-old was struck by a silver Renault Clio on the B2173 Maidstone Road. He was pronounced dead at the scene and his next of kin have been informed. The driver of the car was injured. Witnesses are being urged to come forward.
Campaigners claim the UK has contravened humanitarian law. The government said defence exports would continue to be reviewed. Campaign Against the Arms Trade said an appeal against the ruling was planned. Saudi Arabia has been supporting Yemen's internationally-recognised government after a civil war broke out.
Both Eoin Morgan and Jos Buttler were out first ball. England needed last-wicket pair Adil Rashid and David Willey to reach 282. India A coasted in the chase, Ajinkya Rahane's 91 getting them home. England beat a different India A line-up by three wickets on Tuesday.
Carnival had said in March that the sinking of its Costa Concordia cruises ship in January could wipe out profits this year. However, on Tuesday the firm reported that profits were $1.33bn (Â£819m) in the third quarter. Shares in the firm in New York rose more than 3%.
The South American country will be the first in the world to legally sell the drug over the counter for recreational use. The law requires buyers to sign up to a national registry, which will be up and running by 2 May. The price will be US$1.30 (Â£1) per gram.
Dorothy Bailey, William Barks, Derek Moore and Jason Shingler all died in the huge explosion. Sylvia Jenkinson lost one of her closest friends in the explosion at Wood Treatment Ltd plant in Bosley, Cheshire, in 2015. She said the whole community rallied to help the families of those left behind.
Bristol City Council are using vinegar to kill weeds around the city. It's part of a trial to get rid of the unwanted plants without using strong chemicals. But many locals say they're not happy with the unpleasant pong the trial's creating. They've started a campaign and also say they don't think vinegar is strong enough to kill the weeds.
Research suggests Oxford may be affected the most by public sector cuts. Chairman of Oxfordshire Economic Partnership Frank Nigriello said small firms would not have jobs available. BBC-commissioned study ranks the resilience of council areas to economic shocks. Oxford was rated the third highest in England for the number of employees working in vulnerable sectors.
Three others were injured, one seriously, in the incident at Downsview Park. Police said the person who died was a man in his 30s, but did not reveal his identity. The victims were all part of a team involved with setting up the stage, officials said. Radiohead tweeted that the performance had been cancelled due to "unforeseen circumstances"
The Germany Under-21 forward opened the scoring when his third-minute shot looped in off keeper Jonas Lossl. Emil Forsberg slotted in a second, then cut a ball back for Werner to make it 3-0 at half-time. Oliver Burke replaced Werner moments before Stefan Bell headed a consolation goal for Mainz. Bayern lead the table only on goal difference, having drawn 1-1 at home to Hoffenheim on Saturday.
Jeremy Hunt said he wanted to bring high-speed broadband to more than 90% of the country. His comments followed heavy criticism last month from a Lords committee which said plans were too focused on speed. Labour has criticised Mr Hunt's speech, suggesting it lacked clear detail about how the ambitions were to be met.
UN targets for HIV could be missed as a result, say researchers. They looked at responses to annual surveys sent to 127 countries. They found worrying gaps in provision in low and middle-income countries. In some laboratories, machines were not serviced regularly. In others, machines broke down and were not covered by contracts.
Fay, 33, should win a record 185th cap when Scotland play Slovenia in their opening Euro 2017 qualifier on Tuesday. The draw - which includes Belarus, Macedonia and top seeds Iceland - is the kindest ever. Scotland lost over two legs to the Netherlands in a play-off for the World Cup in Canada.
The 21-year-old spent last season on loan at West Bromwich Albion. He has played for England at Under-16, Under-17 and Under-20 level. The defender has also played for Iceland at under-21 level. He is expected to return to the Premier League next season.
Last year's champions led 17-10 at half-time with Noel Reid and Jack Conan scoring either side of Hamish Watson's impressive try for Edinburgh. Zane Kirchner extended Leinster's lead before Tim Visser's score and Sam Hidalgo-Clyne kicked the hosts ahead. tries from Jordi Murphy and Luke McGrath, allied with solid Ian Madigan kicking, meant the Irishmen prevailed.
The Labour leader said he was in favour of ending the cap. He said it would be "devastating" for people to have to leave their homes. But he said the party would have to make a decision on the issue at conference. The party is expected to vote to keep the cap on benefits at £20,000.
Bogdan Barbulescu's employer read his messages after he broke company policy by using a work account to talk to his family. European Trades Union Congress: Decision should not act as a "green light" to start snooping on staff. Institute of Directors: "Employees should not be subject to Stasi-style surveillance at work"
Legolas was one of three cheetahs fitted with collars. The other two were killed in a separate incident. The death of the third cheetah is being treated as a separate case. It comes after the death of Cecil the Lion in South Africa last month.
Councils in England are facing a £1.1bn shortfall this year, report warns. Association of Directors of Adult Social Services says cuts since 2010 are 'unendurable' Minister says extra money will help NHS and social care services work together. BBC launches an online guide to the care system for the over-65s.
McCulloch, 37, was deemed surplus to requirements at Ibrox. The former Wigan Athletic midfielder won three top-flight league titles and two Scottish Cups with Rangers. McCulloch joins striker Kris Boyd and full-back Stevie Smith in making the move to Kilmarnock.
Sheffield Wednesday are set to pay £10m for on-loan striker Jordan Rhodes. Manager Neil Warnock has outlined his proposals to owner Vincent Tan. The Bluebirds lost 1-0 at home to Norwich City in the Premier League on Saturday. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Mellor, 25, joined Widnes on a dual registration contract with Wigan in 2011. Head coach Denis Betts: "He knows the way that we want to play and he has the attitude and energy that will keep enhancing the team" Click here for more rugby league news.
The 28-year-old has been with the Cherries since 2011. He came through the Swansea youth system and has had four stints out on loan at Yeovil. He is not available for the Latics' game against Blackburn on Saturday, 13 August but is registered for matches after this weekend.
Healthcare Improvement Scotland visited the Stranraer site in November last year and again in January. Despite an action plan being put in place, they said they failed to find "significant improvements" NHS Dumfries and Galloway's Chief Executive Jeff Ace apologised for the situation.
Friend was due to take charge of Southampton's clash with Sunderland. The match was delayed by five minutes after the incident. Friend was taken to hospital where he was treated for a cut to his face. He is expected to make a full recovery, according to the club.
Belize, formerly known as British Honduras, was the United Kingdom's last colony on the American mainland. The country considers itself part of both the Caribbean and Central America. There is a lingering conflict with neighbouring Guatemala, which has made claim to part of Belize's territory in the past.
Karen Seldon, 44, of Abercarn, Caerphilly county, was cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor at Newport Crown Court. Ms Seldon said she was "angry" that the boy said she sent him provocative pictures of herself on Facebook.
The treatment, called Epidiolex, is based on one of the non-psychoactive components of the cannabis plant, CBD. The medicine does not contain the ingredient that produces the high associated with recreational cannabis. Patients are being enrolled for a trial of the treatment at Edinburgh University's Muir Maxwell Epilepsy Centre.
Gambia's new president, Adama Barrow, was sworn in on Thursday. He has been given until noon on Friday to step down. If he does not, the West African bloc, Ecowas, will step in and force him out. The bloc says it is prepared to act militarily if necessary.
Four days of tuition are offered to schoolchildren who are at risk of not achieving a pass grade. The annual Easter School at St Mary's University College Belfast drew more than 250 pupils from across the west of the city this week. The fee is waived for those who cannot afford it.
Denis O'Brien was granted a high court injunction in May to stop RTÉ reporting details of his personal finances. TD Catherine Murphy later made comments regarding his finances under privilege in the Dáil. Media organisations returned to court to seek clarity. Judge Donald Binchy said he never intended nor could he order any interference with what a TD may say.
The 24-year-old was released by Walsall in May after 19 appearances in three years. MacGillivray has also played for Stalybridge Celtic and Harrogate Town. He is Paul Hurst's seventh signing of the summer after Jon Nolan and Ebou Adams joined the Shrews.
Core earnings fell 41% to $1.59bn (Â£1.03bn) with pre-tax profits down to $708m. The impact of the lower oil price from a year earlier was seen in a 21% fall in revenues. BG agreed to be bought by Royal Dutch Shell last month.
A four-mile section of the A591 in Cumbria was closed by a landslide. The area was hit by heavy rain over the weekend of 5 and 6 December. Cumbrian authorities have launched a social media campaign to get the word out about the closure.
Ash Hunter and Bobby Grant scored in the first half. Paddy Madden scored from the penalty spot in the second half. Scunthorpe boss Nick Daws: "I think the performance was probably a bit chalk and cheese in terms of the two halves of the game"
The Nepalese health system was stretched even before the quake. The charity Save the Children says it is now at breaking point. Doctors are arriving to fix broken bones, injured spines and head trauma. The World Health Organization is on alert for any outbreaks of diarrhoeal diseases.
David Dixon, from Nottingham, is thought to be the only Briton still missing. His family fear he was caught up in a further explosion at a Metro station. Police have his dental records and are seeing if they match any of the victims. Four Britons were injured in the blasts, which left 31 people dead.
"It's nice for the girls putting in the effort and hard work that they can see there's light at the end of the tunnel," she says. The 32-year-old was the first female jockey to ride 100 UK Flat winners in a year. She credits the support of trainer Michael Bell for giving her the opportunity to race.
The cuts are among 4,000 posts BP plans to shed from its global oil exploration and drilling business. BP said it was taking the step in the face of "toughening market conditions" The announcement comes a day after oil firm Petrofac said up to 160 UK jobs could go under a restructuring plan.
Randy Bilyeu went missing in New Mexico in January this year. He was hunting for a $2m trove hidden by art dealer and author Forrest Fenn. Thousands have searched for the hoard left by Mr Fenn, who gave clues about the treasure's location in 2011 book.
A woman was also injured in the crash, but her injuries are not believed to be life threatening. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to come forward. The crash happened at about 17:35 GMT on Monday. The road was closed for about an hour before it was reopened.
Sophie Hitchon, 25, will compete in the hammer throw at the Rio Olympics. She has been practicing ballet for over 10 years. Hitchon is coached by former hammer Olympian Tore Gustafsson. The countdown to the Opening Ceremony of Rio 2016 begins this Friday at 20:30 BST.
Takings were down 44 per cent compared to last year. There was no major release to coincide with the holiday. Michael Bay's Transformers, the fourth in the series, has a cast led by Mark Wahlberg. The only other major new release was the horror film Deliver Us From Evil, starring Eric Bana.
Rolo, a  chocolate Labrador, was saved after two coastguard rescue teams and an RNLI lifeboat were called in, near Brixham. She was hauled up in a "dog rescue bag" on a line and reunited, uninjured, with her "very happy owners," the Maritime and Coastguard Agency said.
Venera Minakhmetova died when she was struck by lorry at Bow Roundabout, on Wednesday. She was the fourth of five cyclists to die in London in nine days. 13 cyclists have been killed, eight of which have involved HGVs so far this year.
Three games were held at Newcastle United's St James' Park. Gateshead Initiative said hosting the event had brought a windfall. Hotel occupancy reached 99% on match days. Northumbria Police said there had been "exceptional behaviour" from all those who attended.
Cardiff are eighth in the Championship while Bristol City climb up to 20th. The visitors shaded a first half which ended with a spectacular save from Cardiff goalkeeper David Marshall to deny Jonathan Kodjia. Elliott Bennett hit the post for Bristol City and Cardiff's Sammy Ameobi shot wide from four yards.
Borth Animalarium said 32 dragons were cold and not moving. They were left in a cardboard box by a friend of a disabled man. Staff warmed them and fed them, and found homes for eight of the animals. They are a docile and quiet species, and require a heated tank.
Mansfield striker Matt Green hit the post as both sides struggled on a poor pitch in a goalless first half. Ryan Tafazolli had a goal disallowed for the Stags after the break. Scott Boden fired in late on for his fifth goal in four games. Newport climb up to 19th in the table, eight points above the relegation zone.
Lee Nicholson, 39, from Newcastle, was enlisted by Clare Humble to help dispose of Peter Hedley's body in Newburn Riverside Park in November. Humble, 50, was jailed for life in May for murdering Mr Hedley, 49. Nicholson, of Lydford Court, jailed for three years and six months after admitting perverting the court of justice.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there.
The SFA's performance director has been conducting a review since taking over from Mark Wotte. The project is now in its fourth year, with this year's intake of pupils the final one of the initial scheme. 374 children receive up to 10 hours a week specialised coaching as part of their studies.
The painting was the top lot at Sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works. It totalled just under £122m, including £15.2m for Piet Mondrian's 1927 Composition with Red, Blue and Grey. The auction house said the bidding for the Monet work attracted buyers from Asia and all over the world.
Rosberg held off a late charge by Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo in a nail-biting climax. He leads his team-mate by eight points after Hamilton took third. Mercedes' decision to switch Hamilton to a three-stop strategy got him back ahead of Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen.
Rory McIlroy, Henrik Stenson, Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose are all in the team. Of the 12 who won the Cup at Gleneagles, only four are in the side right now. Lee Westwood would have to rely on a captain's pick if the team was settled tomorrow.
Phenytoin sodium capsules, used by 50,000 people in Britain, are made by Pfizer and sold by Flynn. Pfizer sold UK distribution rights to Flynn in 2012, but continued to make and supply the drug to the company. The companies have a chance to give formal responses and a final ruling may not be made until next year.
Zanzibar Football Association has submitted an application to become a member of FIFA. The semi-autonomous territory is expected to participate in the 2021 Africa Cup of Nations qualifying. It was previously an associate member on the continent, allowing its clubs to play in Caf competitions but its national team was excluded.
The German-based team won Le Mans 13 times between 2000 and 2014. Audi chairman Rupert Stadler said: "We're going to contest the race for the future on electric power" Ten teams - including Renault, Audi and Jaguar - currently take part in the Formula E series.
Southern Water said the pipe burst in Chestnut Avenue had affected homes in the SO53 and SO16 postcodes. The company said supplies would gradually return to normal later as the main was being repaired.Chestnut Avenue is expected to remain closed until Friday as the burst had caused substantial damage.
Ms Dugdale believes new taxes would not be necessary to pay for the plan. She will advocate changes of approach such as ditching SNP plans to cut air passenger duty and Tory proposals to raise higher rate tax thresholds. The MSP will make the pledge in her keynote address to the Scottish Labour conference.
The visitors are without midfielder Jordan Cousins, who will miss the rest of the season with a quadricep injury. The Bosnia-Herzegovina international is bidding for full match fitness after recovering from a hernia injury. On-loan winger Kazenga LuaLua is back in training after an ankle injury.
No single party or bloc commands a majority of the 325 seats in parliament. Candidates have had to forge new partnerships and deals in their efforts to share out the positions of power. The main Shia parliamentary bloc was formed after the March 2010 elections as a result of a merger of Nouri Maliki's State of Law coalition and the Iraqi National Alliance.
Strong winds expected to cause disruption across the country. West coast expected to be worst affected as winds move towards east. Skye Bridge closed to all vehicles due to high winds. strongest gust so far has been 64mph recorded on the Forth Road Bridge around 06:00.
Divers were exploring an ancient harbour in Caesarea when they came across the gold. The haul, which weighs 9kg (20lb), is believed to have been exposed as a result of winter storms. It is now the property of the state and there was no finders' fee.
The Tennis Integrity Unit said Lindahl plotted to throw a match at a minor Australian tournament in 2013. Two other Australian players, Brandon Walkin and Isaac Frost, were also disciplined over the incident. It comes days after Australian Open junior champion Oliver Anderson was charged with match-fixing.
Executive pay in the UK is 160% larger in real terms than in 1999, according to a study. The average worker's salary has risen by just 10% over that time, the study says. The boom in City salaries was lit by the Big Bang of financial deregulation in 1986.
Coventry City College is getting record numbers of candidates through their GCSEs by radically changing its approach. Every year about 40% of candidates fail to meet this standard. Since September 2013, the government has insisted further-education students who did not succeed at 16, study these key skills until they are 18.
The baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time on Friday. Police said the child was tended to at the scene by their officers and medical staff. She was taken to Tallaght Hospital where her condition is described as stable. Police are concerned for the welfare of the child's mother and appealing for her to seek immediate medical treatment.
Jenny Tay and Darren Cheng, both undertakers, took a coffin-themed photo shoot for their upcoming wedding. Ms Tay, who has written a children's book about dealing with death, said she wanted the shoot to be "pretty and whimsical, not at all morbid" The couple will not display the photos at their wedding banquet.
Elias Kachunga had put Huddersfield ahead with his fifth goal of the season. Lukas Jutkiewicz netted the equaliser after the hosts failed to clear David Cotterill's dangerous free-kick. The draw kept Hudderfield third, while Birmingham moved up to seventh.
Johnston joins new stars Richard E Grant and Anna Chancellor. She will play Denker, a lady's maid to Dame Maggie Smith's character. Series five will also feature 24 star Rade Sherbedgia as a Russian refugee. The hit period drama will return to screens this autumn.
Brent crude oil has now dipped below $50 a barrel for the first time since May 2009. US crude is down to below $48 a barrel. Weak demand in many countries due to insipid economic growth, coupled with surging US production. Opec determined not to cut production as a way to prop up prices.
The Bundesliga club handed the 28-year-old a 2,250 euros (£1,768) fine - 50 euros for every minute. The striker was also punished last month after posting a photo of himself alongside his Mercedes car, when Wolfsburg's policy only allows employees to turn up to training in a Volkswagen.
Volunteers from The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park used eBay to track down the keyboard of the Lorenz machine. The teleprinter, which resembles a typewriter, would have been used to enter plain messages in German. These were then encrypted by a linked cipher machine, using 12 individual wheels with multiple settings on each, to make up the code.
Welsh and Indian artists will work together to create new works. The project is part of the UK-India Year of Culture. It will be funded by the British Council and the Indian government. The full list of projects can be found at: http://www.justgiving.com/Welsh-India-Year-of-Culture-2017.
Ofsted visited six Schools Partnership Trust (SPTA) academies as part of routine inspections. One school retained its "inadequate" rating by Ofsted. SPTA accepted improvement was needed but said there was "ample evidence" it was "an effective" academy sponsor.
The 34-year-old full-back spent last season with Napoli in Italy's Serie A. Reveillere was a member of the France squad at both the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012. He could make his debut against Arsenal on Saturday in the Capital One Cup.
Proposed by the Federal Security Service (FSB), successor of the KGB. Most Russian MPs are government supporters, so it looks likely to become law. FSB also wants to block public access to registries listing officials' ownership of planes and yachts. Many of those assets are registered overseas, often by companies.
Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said the two sides "disagree on the facts, the narrative and the responsibilities" on Ukraine. Relations between Russia and the West have been tense since Russia annexed Ukraine's Crimea region in 2014. Russia's envoy also criticised Nato for a military exercise in the Baltic.
Technology will enable prison authorities to detect and prevent prisoners' use of contraband phones. Scottish Prison Service awarded contracts for the installation of the technology at HMPs Shotts and Glenochil. The two pilot sites are expected to be operating the technology by the end of the current financial year.
More than 20,000 people have been rescued from their homes or cars. President Barack Obama has declared the state a disaster area. The neighbouring states of Alabama and Mississippi also experienced severe weather. The rains are lessening as they move west over Louisiana and further into the United States.
Capt Sutton was chosen for the role by Jetstar Airways - which covers all of Australia and New Zealand. The low cost airline said Capt Sutton was "leading the way" for female pilots across the globe. Women make up a tiny proportion of the 130,000 airline pilots worldwide - around 4,000.
A fake report made to look as if it came from CNN has also been circulating. The report contains a bogus poll indicating that President Uhuru Kenyatta will win August's election. The origin of the fake BBC news story is not clear but it began to be shared on WhatsApp on Friday morning.
Police hunting more than 30 male suspects. Arrest warrants have been issued, including one for the boyfriend. Girl, 16, believes she was doped after going to her boyfriend's house last Saturday. She says she woke up in a different house, surrounded by 30 men.Hundreds of protesters on Friday demanded an end to sexual violence.
US-based golf course designers have proposed a course at Coul Links, near Dornoch. Four conservation charities have joined forces to oppose the project. The Scottish Wildlife Trust, RSPB Scotland, Buglife and Plantlife have concerns the course will result in the loss of a protected sand dunes habitat.
Sundar Pichai, the chief executive of Google, told the BBC that the UK was still an attractive place to do business. He said open borders and free movement for skilled migrants were "absolutely" important to the success of the technology sector in the UK. At present, Google employs around 4,000 people in Britain, a figure that could now rise to 7,000.
The shelter was used over a 90-year period from 4336 BC, it is believed. stones were warmed up by the Mesolithic Period inhabitants and used in a hearth to emit heat. The finds are being shown to United Nations heritage experts, who are currently visiting Stonehenge.
1913 - Britain and the Ottoman government sign a treaty recognising the independence of Bahrain. 1967 - Britain moves its main regional naval base from Aden to Bahrain. 1971 - Bahrain declares independence and signs a new treaty of friendship with Britain. 1981 - Bahrain joins the Cooperation Council for the Arab States of the Gulf. 1991 - Bahrain participates in the coalition "Operation Desert Storm" against Iraq.
Christian Benteke has fallen out of favour at Liverpool since Jurgen Klopp took over last October. The 25-year-old joined the Reds for £32.5m in July 2015 under former boss Brendan Rodgers and has scored 10 goals. Palace completed the signings of Andros Townsend and Steve Mandanda on Friday.
Christina Grant's family flew her to Australia following the death of her son and carer, Robert, in February 2015. Her family believed they had met the requirements of her visa, which expires later this month.Immigration officials said they had been working with the family and made no arrangements to remove Mrs Grant.
Storm Desmond brought high winds and heavy rain to Northern Ireland. County Tyrone, Londonderry and Fermanagh were worst affected. Flooding was caused by a blocked culvert grille that caused the water to overflow. The Fire and Rescue Service said it dealt with 31 flooding incidents.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced a government-led task force. It will work to keep open the Dalzell plant in Motherwell and Clydebridge in Cambuslang. The move followed a decision by Sainsbury's to transfer a fish processing contract away from Young's. It is the latest in a series of task forces to tackle problems ranging from job losses to environmental crime.
Smith was named captain of the Red Rose for the 2015 season, but only skippered the team in one game after being told he needed back surgery. The injury kept him out for 13 months but he came back to feature in the final months of last season. The club have announced that Smith will stay at Old Trafford to assist academy director Gary Yates.
The baby was found at a bus stop in Towyn, Conwy county, on Tuesday. Daniel Braxton, 35, who discovered the infant, said she was lifeless. Police are concerned about the welfare of the baby's mother and have urged her to come forward. North Wales Police issued an appeal for motorists who drove along the main A548 Towyn coast road between 23:30 BST on Monday to 09:00 on Tuesday to send any footage.
Robbie Neilson's side will take on St Johnstone in the Championship on Sunday. Doncaster boss believes a top-six finish would represent success for the Edinburgh club this season. Neilson also responded to reports that all 10 in League Two clubs will be worse off as a result of a new £2m sponsorship agreement.
Welsh government wants to stop paying fees to students in England. It says the money should be used to pay for education in Wales. But critics say the move will lead to a loss of funding for the country's universities. The Welsh government says it will continue to pay students' fees.
Charlton have only won two of their 12 league games this season. The Addicks lost 3-0 at home to Preston on Tuesday night. Manager David Luzon has been in charge at The Valley since January. The 40-year-old says recent injury problems have hampered his team selections.
China's behaviour is "very worrisome" for foreign companies, says former journalist. Government resorting to its traditional "toolbox" of coercive methods, he argues. Chinese police investigation into alleged corruption by GlaxoSmithKline. British pharmaceutical company accused of using travel agencies to channel up to??320m of bribes.
Wales beat Scotland 1-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Saturday. The Welshmen scored the only goal of the game in the second half. BBC radio listeners heard the team celebrate in a celebratory montage. You can watch Sport Wales every Friday on BBC Two Wales and on the iPlayer.
High housing costs and a lack of personal savings cited by the charity as reasons for this. Online survey by pollsters YouGov in July questioned 1,581 people in working families with children. "Strong protections" are in place for "those who fall on difficult times," government spokesman commented.
Just over one billion contactless transactions were completed in 2015, the UK Cards Association said. One in 13 purchases was on contactless during the whole year, but use grew to one in eight by December. One of the most common ways to use the technology is on the London Underground network.
Jack Keene, 17, was involved in a collision on the A4086 near Capel Curig. His family described him as a kind, loving and selfless person who "touched the lives of all he met" Police are continuing to appeal for witnesses.
Iraq's prime minister announced Falluja's "liberation" on Friday. He said remaining pockets of IS fighters would be "cleaned out within hours" But clashes between government forces and IS militants continue. More than 83,000 people have fled since the government launched the assault.
Melissa Fletcher had put the hosts ahead, meeting an Emma Follis cross to head home after the break. Germany forward Linden, who was signed from Frankfurt, nodded in from a Kerys Harrop cross to salvage a point. Reading goalkeeper Mary Earps made a series of fine saves to deny Linden on 73 minutes.
Grealish turned down a call-up to the senior squad in June. The 20-year-old opted to play for England over the Republic of Ireland. Grealish qualifies for the Republic through his grandparents. He has been struggling with an ankle problem this season.
Annual inflation has been below the Bank of England's 2% target for two years. North Sea oil prices dropped to a 12 year low of $27.10 last month. Food prices fell by 0.6% between December and January as opposed to a 1% fall a year earlier.
Welshman Davies won his second gold in Italy with an F42 discus world record after his shot success on Sunday. Hermitage also won gold number two with a world record in the T37 200m. Weir claimed his third gold, again leading home team-mate Richard Chiassaro.
The trunk road drops from 150m (492ft) to 20m (65ft) as it enters a valley in Caithness. There have been accusations from business leaders and politicians that the problem with this section of the A9 was being "ignored" Documents key to progressing the improvements have been published.
The 25-year-old was left out of the squad for Saturday's 2-1 defeat to Sheffield United. He has been linked with a move away from the club in recent weeks. The Ghana international made 33 appearances for the club last season. He is yet to make his debut for Sheffield United this season.
Liberal Democrat AM Eluned Parrott said the Welsh government had "wasted" more than £52,000 on them at railway stations. She accused ministers of spending public money to "promote themselves before an election" The Welsh government said it was unapologetic about the campaign.
Iain Henderson starts in the second row as Donnacha Ryan has been struggling with a knee injury. Ian Keatley is named as fly-half Paddy Jackson's understudy on the bench. Keith Earls and Simon Zebo start on the wings. Johnny Sexton was ruled out of the Murrayfield match earlier this week.
The BBC said every other region, apart from the Midlands, had seen increased investment. The Mailbox is the home of BBC Radio 4 dramas The Archers and Home Front. MPs did praise programming set in the Midlands like Marvellous, which won two Baftas in 2015, and Peaky Blinders.
V774104 will need to be tracked over time to learn the shape and extent of its orbit through the Solar System. The discovery was announced at the 47th annual meeting of the American Astronomical Society's Division for Planetary Sciences, taking place in National Harbor near Washington DC.
The EU is trying a more comprehensive, strategic approach to the migrant crisis. It is trying to persuade the migrants' countries of origin, or the transit countries, to do more. The EU also plans to send cash and other aid "over there", in the hope of dissuading more refugees from wanting to reach Europe.
England run in three tries within eight second-half minutes as they win 38-21. Only once in 498 Tests had New Zealand been beaten by a bigger margin (28-7) England's previous biggest win over New Zealand was 13-0 at Twickenham in January 1936.
Open AI says it expects its research to focus on a "positive human impact" The venture's backers include Tesla Motors and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk. Mr Musk recently told students that AI was humanity's "biggest existential threat" However, other experts have argued that the risk of AI posing any threat to humans remains remote.
Vasil Lobzhanidze opened the scoring for Georgia. Tommy Seymour, Sean Maitland and Stuart Hogg scored tries for Scotland. Hamish Watson and Ali Price also crossed for the hosts. Scotland head coach Vern Cotter pleased with his side's performance.
The 45-year-old led Quins to the Premiership title in 2012. O'Shea won 35 Ireland caps between 1993 and 2000. He took the job in the aftermath of the 'Bloodgate' scandal. Quins are third in the Premiership table, six points behind leaders Saracens.
In 2015, voter turnout among 18- to 24-year-olds was estimated to be 43%. This year, YouGov puts the youth turnout at 58%.Polling traditionally shows that a majority of young people vote Labour. But this year, the proportion has jumped to 63% for 18-29 year olds.
Sir Neville started his musical career with the London Symphony Orchestra. He later established the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, one of the world's leading chamber orchestras. Chairman Paul Aylieff said Sir Neville's artistic and recording legacy with orchestras and audiences worldwide was "immense"
Justin Gatlin beats Usain Bolt to win men's 100m at the World Championships. It was the first time Bolt had run so slowly in a major final. The American was booed every time he took to the blocks on Friday morning. He finished in 9.92 seconds, while Bolt ran 9.95.
Collision happened on the A21 Bangor to Newtownards dual carriageway. A number of people were taken to hospital after the crash on Thursday. The road was closed overnight but has now reopened. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the collision to contact police.
The blanket ban, known as the Criminal Justice Psychoactive Substances Act, was introduced five years ago. It became illegal to advertise, sell, supply, import or export psychoactive substances in the Republic of Ireland. Before the law was passed, there were about 100 so-called "headshops" selling legal highs.
Giannelli Imbula has made just 23 Premier League starts since joining from Porto on a five-and-a-half-year contract in February 2016. The Belgium-born midfielder became Portuguese football's record signing when he joined Porto in a £15.1m deal from Marseille in July 2015.
The man was driving a Citroen on the A249 when it hit the lorry. The lorry was legally parked in a lay-by, police said. The Sittingbourne man died at the scene and his family have been informed. The road was closed for about five hours after the crash.
Body recovered from rocks to the north of Tresco. Family of Josh Clayton, 23, informed but no formal identification has been made. Mr Clayton from Taunton went missing on 13 September. The body will be repatriated to the mainland on the Scillonian ferry on Thursday.
Alex Crossan is a 19-year-old Guernsey-born musician from Brighton. His most recent track, Love For That, found its way onto the BBC 1Xtra playlist. It has also been played more than a million times on SoundCloud. He talks to the BBC from his flatshare in Brighton.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu expected to win a third term. But exit polls suggest he lost more than a third of his alliance's seats in the Knesset. His wheeling and dealing skills may be sorely tested as he sets about building a new coalition. Yair Lapid, a famous TV presenter, stepped off the screen to found a new centrist party.
Office for National Statistics (ONS) figures show 3.7 million workers travel for two hours or longer every weekday. Trades Union Congress calls on employers to do more to prevent "excessive" journeys. Average daily commute lasted 57.1 minutes in 2015, ONS data showed. Back in 2010, 2.8 million people made daily commutes of 2 hours or more.
The first planes landed on the sand in the wide bay of Traigh Mhor in June 1936. It was officially licensed as an airport in August that year. Today, it is one of Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd's busiest sites. Its three runways are fully submerged at high tide.
The Â£22m road bridge linking Danestone and Tillydrone is aimed at easing congestion in the north of the city. It was supposed to be completed late last year but issues with re-routing underground utilities have caused a series of delays. The new crossing, which is expected to the called 'the Diamond Bridge' - will be opened on Thursday 9 June.
Twenty-one have been named so far. Philip Tron, 32, and his partner's daughter Courtney Boyle, 19, from Gateshead, were killed in the attack. Cheshire Police officer, 43, who was off-duty at the concert was described by her family as "the best we could ever have wished for"
Transport for London (TfL) had wanted to provide £30m for the proposed £175m bridge set to stretch from Temple to the South Bank in Lambeth. Talks broke down after Lambeth Council said not enough had been done to attract private sector backing. The Trust said it hoped to begin working on the site in the New Year.
The show features 19 exhibits around the 105-acre garden in Derbyshire. It was inspired by the house's success in growing some of the earliest Victorian water lilies. The sculptures will be on show until 30 October and members of the public can bid to buy them.
Haroon Syed, of west London, admitted preparing acts of terrorism. He tried to source weapons including a suicide bomb and machine gun. He was caught after approaching MI5 officers, who were posing as a fellow extremist. Syed was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years and six months.
Legendary guitarist Henry McCullough died in June. Mark Knopfler of Dire Straits and Van Morrison were among those to pay tribute to Belfast singer-songwriter Bap Kennedy. A statue of the great guitarist is to be put up in 2017 outside the Ulster Hall, where Gallagher played regularly throughout the Troubles.
Nicholas Serota is leaving his role as director of Tate Modern. He says the museum has the potential to reach broad audiences across the UK and abroad. He doesn't want the next incumbent to think he or she has an easy ride. Who might that person be to come in and realise Tate's "potential"?
Clubs could buy domestic players again once they had played their final game of the season. International deals can go through from 10 June. Teams can still sign free agents and clubs outside the Premier League can bring in loan players in the case of an emergency. Under Football League rules, long-term loans can be also turned into permanent deals.
Plans to place parking restrictions on streets in Reading, Berkshire. Residents say it will make it harder for them to get to work. Council says it wants to make it easier for residents to get home. Residents have until June 13 to comment on the plans. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
New Zealand was one of the original nations involved in the TPP. If a deal is concluded it will create a "mega regional" bloc with a combined GDP of $28 trillion. Mr Key explains why he was optimistic that an agreement will be reached.Go to the Asia Business Report website for more programme clips.
The former Superior General of Missionaries of Charity was suffering from various ailments. She took over the running of the charity after Mother Teresa died in 1997. Sister Nirmala "carried forward Mother Teresa's legacy of compassion, gentleness, service to the poorest of the poor and holiness of life"
Laws, 26, had been training with Arsenal but has decided to remain in the north east. She will fill in for regular goalkeeper Helen Alderson, who is going to Africa for a three-month charity work stint. The Newcastle-born keeper played 18 games for the Lady Black Cats last season.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said it was "ultimately a decision" for Prime Minister Theresa May. Mr Jones warned Wales was "unlikely to consent" to a deal unless certain conditions were secured. He said all four of the UK's parliaments and assemblies should have to "agree to any deal the UK government comes to"
Co-op Bank was forced to put itself on the market in February. It was unable to reach a strong enough footing to satisfy Bank of England regulations. In June, it said it was in "advanced discussions" with existing investors. Now the bank says the plan has been "substantially agreed"
Afghanistan's new president says he wants the country "truly open for business" President Ashraf Ghani inherited an economy in tatters after three decades of war. There's massive corruption, a lack of credit, contracts are difficult to enforce and electricity is scarce. Afghanistan needs to rebuild its financial reputation ahead of a crucial donor conference.
The line between Oxford and Didcot Parkway was closed for 16 days. The tracks at Hinksey have flooded 11 times in 14 years. They have been raised 60cm (24in) and culverts built to allow water to flow underneath the line. Replacement buses were used during the period the line was closed.
Fester was handed in to the Dogs Trust near Darlington in December. The one-year-old was found wandering the streets as a stray. He was born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out. The trust said Fester would be leaving the charity's kennels next week.
Lennon sent the thank you message shortly after Christmas in 1951. It is understood to be his first letter to friends and family. The letter is to be sold at an online auction that closes on 3 April. The auction contains around 300 lots of Beatles and music memorabilia.
The government's promised in-out EU referendum was a vote-winner at the election. But as the 2017 deadline appears on the horizon, it is prompting some Commons Tories to murmur of a "Corn Laws-style split" in the party. Historically, the Conservative Party has always been able to rely on a powerful instinct for unity.
Charter was signed by King John at Runnymede in 1215. Only three clauses are still valid: the right to a fair trial, the City of London, and the clause that states that no one is above the law. More than 70,000 people have visited the site since the charter was signed.
Scotland face Northern Ireland in a friendly at Hampden Park on Wednesday. Gordon Strachan is yet to name a captain for the game. Scotland face Gibraltar in their next Euro 2016 qualifier on Sunday. Darren Fletcher is back playing for West Bromwich Albion after a spell on loan.
The boat will be used to try to ensure the safe landing of boats from Turkey. It was taken by ex-students and staff from UWC Atlantic College in the Vale of Glamorgan. College alumni Robin Jenkins and Lily Eckersley-Jones helped transfer the rescue boat.
Police say they broke up the crowd of about 150 in the suburb of Ferguson. Police car reportedly came under fire and a person was hurt in an apparently unrelated shooting in the same area. Black teenager Michael Brown was shot by a white policeman on 9 August. US civil rights leader Al Sharpton has said a peaceful rally, led by Michael Brown's family, is planned for later on Sunday.
Recent figures suggest the forest is being destroyed at a faster pace again. Some of the areas most severely affected are indigenous reserves in the Amazon region. The BBC's Sarah Robbins spoke to a selection of people there about their concerns and the problems they face. They include the representative in Matto Grosso state of Funai, the government body responsible for policies relating to indigenous peoples.
The Cheetahs and Kings are set to enter the Pro12 for the coming season. The South African sides are expected to be cut from Super Rugby on 7 July. The expanded Pro12 may be split into two seven-team conferences. South African Solomons says spending long periods overseas would handicap the new additions.
Bolivian President Morales orders military to take over power company TDE. TDE owns and runs 73% of the power lines in Bolivia, providing 85% of Bolivians with electricity. He said he was expropriating the company because it had failed to invest sufficiently in Bolivia.
Yum reported an 8% increase in profit to $391m (Â£273m) for the first three months of 2016. Sales at stores in China that have been open a year or more rose 6% compared to the same quarter last year. Yum wants to spin-off its 6,900 China restaurants by the end of 2016 in order to focus the company on US operations.
Woking council will hold a public meeting on Tuesday to discuss the plans. The area is in the top 10% of least deprived areas in the UK. The council has said existing properties in the area will need to be demolished. It said the area could become a "vibrant community" with new housing.
Energy company BG Group said it was gradually taking workers from the Lomond installation - about 145 miles east of Aberdeen. A Norwegian vessel which caught fire was about 12 miles away. Tugs were being sent from Aberdeen to take the vessel under tow. The fire is believed to have started on a Norwegian vessel.
Two-thirds of Ferguson's residents are now black. Turnout has increased from 12% in 2013 to 29% this year. The increase comes after the death of Michael Brown, who was shot dead by police in August. He was an unarmed black man who had been in the custody of the police.
The TUC's annual gathering backed a motion which included calls to build "a broad solidarity alliance of unions and communities under threat" TUC chief Brendan Barber warned that big cuts would make Britain a "dark, brutish and more frightening place" PM's spokesman said they wanted "partnership" with the unions to tackle the deficit.
Former Huddersfield and Birmingham manager Lee Clark joins Kilmarnock. Former St Mirren team-mate Alex Rae reckons the Killie board have chosen wisely. The 43-year-old will need to hit the ground running at Rugby Park. Killie are currently just one point above the relegation play-off place.
The 34-year-old beat three-time champion Tony Martin by 26.23 seconds on a hilly 47.1km course in Spain. Wiggins clocked 56 minutes 25.52 seconds to claim a convincing win over Martin, who was chasing a fourth-successive title. Martin trailed Wiggins by 9.64 seconds at the final time-check.
The new face of global tourism is Asian and any hospitality firm not catering to Asian tourists is missing a profitable trick. Hanoi's new airport - like Ho Chi Minh City's new subway system - has been built with Japanese money. Where only 10 years ago there would have been just a handful of intrepid Chinese visitors, today there are millions.
Two men arrested in connection with an alleged terror plot in Sydney. Police say the men were preparing to carry out an attack in the city. The two men have not been charged with any crime. The arrests are the latest in a series of alleged terror plots in Australia.
The £10.25m loan was originally given to the club for the re-development of its Sixfields stadium. The money has never been paid and the council is in the process of trying to get it back. The club currently faces a winding-up petition from HMRC over the money.
Those born in the early 1980s have an average wealth of Â£27,000 each, says IFS. They will also find it harder to amass wealth in the future, it added. Think tank found that people born in 1980s were the first post-war group not to have higher incomes.
Glasgow-based photographer uses Photoshop to create Star Wars images. The images feature characters such as Princess Leia, Darth Vader and Boba Fett. The pictures were taken on an anchoring rig in Shetland, Scotland, during the winter and in his free time.
Moore, 69, said the women's game "rides on the coat-tails" of the men. He said female players "should get down on their knees" in thanks to male counterparts. Serena Williams said Moore's statement was "offensive and very inaccurate" Novak Djokovic said his tour should fight for more money.
Cockerill has been on the Premiership club's coaching staff since 2004. He took over as head coach in 2009 and became director of rugby in 2010. Head coach Aaron Mauger will take over on an interim basis. Tigers are fifth in the Premiership, 15 points adrift of leaders Wasps.
The 91-year-old is accused of engineering bogus transactions to hide the insurance giant's financial difficulties. The charges were filed by then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in 2005. Mr Greenberg and Mr Smith have fought them, saying they have no merit. The trial before Justice Charles Ramos of New York state court is expected to last for up to six months.
Imran Tahir took 7-112 as Somerset were all out for 437. Notts lost Steven Mullaney and Michael Lumb early, before closing on 58-2. Jake Libby and Brendan Taylor batted out the final hour to give Notts a lead of 22.
Anthony O'Sullivan, 47, and Martin Lincoln, 46, admitted 12 offences. They were ordered to pay £400,000 in fines and costs at Newport Crown Court. The pair were warned in 2010 that they were not allowed to sell turkeys. But large quantities of meat were sold in 2011, 2012 and 2013.
PC Ed Barker, of Greater Manchester Police (GMP), stopped the man falling 40ft (12m) from Rochdale Town Hall. He ran up the building's fire escape steps before catching him just as he tried to throw himself to the ground. PC Barker has been awarded the force's John Egerton Trophy.
Herbert Diess, head of the VW brand, said the company would have a fix in the coming weeks or months. But the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was less certain, saying that Volkswagen "have not produced an acceptable way forward" The EPA disclosed VW's use of "defeat devices" in diesel cars in September.
James Alabi opened the scoring for the Blues early on. Jack Mackreth's superb cross allowed Anthony Dudley to put Macc ahead. Ollie Norburn, however, struck in low from outside the area with five minutes remaining to make it 3-2 to Macclesfield.
Kusal Perera and Rangana Herath were approached shortly before the match. Both players turned down the offer and Sri Lanka went on to win the game. Both a police inquiry and anti-corruption investigation have been launched. The International Cricket Council has also been informed.
O'Sullivan beat Barry Hawkins 10-1 in Sunday's Masters final. The five-time world champion now holds the record for most Masters wins. The 40-year-old only returned to action in mid-December after eight months out. O'Sullivan: "I've been eating like a pig and haven't run for two weeks"
Sky Sports were awarded the rights to screen 10 Friday night matches as part of their multi-million pound deal with the Premier League. Two years ago, Sky and BT paid a record £5.1bn for the right to show top-flight games for three seasons from 2016-17 - a 70% increase on the previous deal.
Fianna Fáil want to see the immediate removal of water charges. Fine Gael see a role for them. No party was able to form a majority government after the election. A commission to consider the future of national water utility Irish Water is one of the proposals being considered.
Mackie has scored twice in 33 Championship games for the Rs since rejoining following his release by Nottingham Forest in June 2015. The 31-year-old found the net 18 times in 94 games in his first spell at Loftus Road between 2010 and 2013. Karl Henry, 34, will leave the club after not being offered a new contract.
Biologists estimate that albino deer occur once every 100,000 births. The little one has had lots of attention from visitors already. Take a look at how the baby deer is settling in at its new home in the UK. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
Family of 12 from Luton have not been seen since 17 May. They were last seen in Turkey on their way home from Bangladesh. Police have not confirmed whether the family are in Syria or Iraq. Family say they are 'devastated' and are worried about their safety.
Plans for a five-mile gondola route between Cardiff and Penarth. It would carry 2,500 tourists and commuters every hour. The scheme would cost about £20m per mile and could be funded by private sector. It comes after plans for Cardiff's first commercial seaplane service were announced.
The police admitted a claim of wrongdoing in public office in 2015 after being sued by John Flynn over two attempts on his life in the 1990s. Mr Flynn has said the PSNI did not fully examine claims of security force collusion with loyalists. A notorious UVF unit, based in Mount Vernon, is believed to be responsible for two attempts to murder Mr Flynn.
Mr Trump said Mr Obama had learned well before the 8 November poll about the accusations and "did nothing" His comments followed an article in the Washington Post which said that Mr Obama learned last August of President Vladimir Putin's "direct involvement" The alleged meddling is the subject of high-level investigations in the US.
People in Basingstoke complained about the noise between 22:00 and 08:00. The club has apologised, blaming a wi-fi receiver picking up the frequencies of the radio systems of taxis. The noise could be heard three miles away, according to one resident.
The two papers support the governing AK Party of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. The attacks happened almost at the same time, early on Thursday. Windows in both buildings were shattered by the gunfire, Istanbul police said. No group has claimed it was behind the attacks, but police are hunting the assailants.
A crane was used to lift the scanner into place and the operation took several hours. The multi-million pound investment has been partly funded by charitable donations. The scanner should be operational within two months and will be used in the diagnosis of a wide range of medical conditions, including cancer.
Jacqui Thompson was arrested in 2011 for filming a Carmarthenshire council meeting. She sued Mark James for libel and he counter-sued for posts on her blog. CPS said there was insufficient evidence to charge her with harassment. Mrs Thompson, of Llanwrda, said she was "relieved" at the news.
Police said the man had lost two watches and foreign currency. Local media said he was a Turkish watch merchant flying in economy class from Dubai. Emirates said it would not be providing further comment, citing the ongoing investigation. There have been increasing reports of mid-air thefts around the world.
French voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide who will be the next president. Pro-EU candidate Emmanuel Macron is leading in the polls. Far-right candidate Marine Le Pen has promised a referendum on the EU. She is campaigning in a suburb of Paris ahead of Sunday's vote.
Eric Johnson, 31, moved to the UK from the Caribbean aged four. Home Office had been seeking to deport him as a "foreign criminal" Supreme Court ruled this was discriminatory, saying he would not be removed if his parents had married. Johnson began his fight with the Home Office in 2011, after being jailed for nine years in 2008.
BlackRock director Jonathan Paul Burrows was caught by inspectors at Cannon Street station last year. He admitted to avoiding the £21.50 fare from Stonegate in East Sussex. In total, Mr Burrows is believed to have dodged £42,550 in fares. The City watchdog said he "demonstrated a lack of honesty and integrity"
The letter was signed by Labour, Tory and Lib Dem MPs. It calls on the PM to take action over the death of Alexander Litvinenko. The former KGB officer was found dead in a London hotel in 2006. He was poisoned with radioactive polonium-210, which is banned in the UK.
Danny Whitaker's volleyed effort superbly tipped away by goalkeeper Scott Loach. Jake Cassidy nodded in a cross from Ryan Donaldson after 58 minutes. Pools came closest to winning it when striker's flicked header was saved. Hartlepool lost their opening game at home to Dover on Saturday.
Iran has for years been building a heavy-water nuclear facility at Arak. The spent fuel from which would contain plutonium suitable for a nuclear bomb. P5+1 group of world powers had originally wanted Arak dismantled. But they agreed that Iran could redesign the reactor so it would not produce any weapons-grade plutonium.
Private John Parr, 17, was the first British soldier to die in World War One. He was shot and killed on the eve of the Battle of Mons in August 1914. He had lied about his age to join the Army in 1912. His mother feared the worst when she made her way to Whitehall for answers.
Former heavyweight world champion Haye made a series of graphic descriptions of hurting Bellew, with the BBBofC warning both fighters. Haye suffered an Achilles injury in the sixth round at the O2 Arena, with Bellew capitalising to score a knockdown. It is expected that any sanctions against Haye will be announced after a BBB ofC meeting on Wednesday.
BHS entered administration in April. Since then, efforts have been continuing to rescue it from closure and save the jobs of its 11,000 staff. A surprise late bid led by retail veteran Greg Tufnell transformed the race to acquire the retailer. If a deal cannot be struck, the business may still have to be liquidated.
The country's largest union, the National Union of Metalworkers of South Africa (Numsa), claims that more than 200,000 members are striking. Numsa is the largest union in the South African Metalworkers' Union. The union is based in Johannesburg, South Africa.
The Legion d'honneur was given by President Francois Hollande at the Elysee Palace. Mr Moogalian was shot in the neck during the struggle on the high-speed train from Amsterdam to Paris. He and five other passengers overpowered the suspect, Moroccan national Ayoub El-Khazzani. They also had the help of UK businessman Chris Norman.
A section of Dunsdale Haugh in Selkirk is to shut with a diversion route. The closure, starting 3 May, will see a new flood protection wall built and a culvert installed. The flood protection scheme will protect almost 600 properties in the town. It is due to be completed by the end of this year.
Southampton, Portsmouth and Isle of Wight councils applied to create an authority to boost economic growth. They said they had been allocated £900m over 30 years by the government. Portsmouth Council leader Donna Jones said the money now appeared to have been lost because of opposition by Hampshire County Council.
De Roon moved to Teesside in June 2016 for an initial £8.8m fee. The 26-year-old scored five goals in 36 league and cup games for Boro last season. Garry Monk confirmed the midfielder is a target for the Championship club.
The carriage has spent four months at Locomotion, the National Railway Museum in Shildon. It took the World War Two prime minister's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. The restoration cost about Â£30,000. Look North's Ian Reeve reports.
In the first of a series on London healthcare, BBC London political correspondent Karl Mercer speaks to those feeling the strain. Dr Tim Ladbrooke said: "The week before Christmas was 175% busier than any week we'd ever had before" The full interview will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday, January 27.
Ikea has asked customers who bought any model of the Mysingso chair to return it for a full refund. The global recall comes after Ikea received reports from Finland, Germany, the US, Denmark and Australia. All five reports included injuries to fingers and required medical attention.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi scrapped 1,000 (Â£11.8) and 500 notes in a surprise move last week. People have a limited time to exchange the notes for smaller denominations, but will have their fingers marked. The government wants to stop holders of 'black cash' offloading their old rupee notes in small tranches.
Chastain, 47, will donate her brain to Boston University. She is one of a number of sports stars to have suffered from chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE) CTE is a degenerative disease found in athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma. No female athletes have been found to suffer from the disease.
The building is split into five homes and the couple had been watching television in their bottom-floor flat. The woman's 60-year-old husband and the lorry driver, 54, were rescued and taken to hospital with minor injuries. Local community had been pressing for a widening of the main road to Hunterston power station and Clyde Port.
Australia cricket team coach Darren Lehmann: "RIP you little champ, we are all going to miss you" Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: "Phillip Hughes was a young man living out his dreams" Nick Compton: "He was a cheeky, funny, positive guy" England team: "Our deepest sympathies go out to Phil Hughes' family and friends"
Gary Gardner's 30-yard strike put Nottingham Forest ahead at the break. Hull substituteuko rescued a draw, sliding the ball in after a deflection. Tigers, who have won just once in six Championship matches, would have gone above Middlesbrough with victory. Forest sacked Dougie Freedman on Sunday after five defeats in six.
The disease is caused by the immune system destroying the cells that control blood sugar levels. A team at Harvard University used stem cells to produce hundreds of millions of the cells in the laboratory. Tests on mice showed the cells could treat the disease, which experts described as "potentially a major medical breakthrough"
Relegated Villa were leading 2-1 at Vicarage Road before two late goals from Watford captain Troy Deeney. Ayew and team-mate Idrissa Gana Gueye were then allegedly involved in an incident involving home supporters. The Ghana international is believed to have taken exception to something said in the Sir Elton John Stand.
Hibs left-back played 40 times as they won the Championship last season. A crowd of more than 9,000 attended Sunday's testimonial for the 29-year-old. Stevenson was in the Hibs side that in 2016 ended the club's 114-year wait to lift the Scottish Cup for a third time.
Lindahl won Olympic silver with her country in Rio in 2016. The 33-year-old has been with Chelsea since December 2014. She helped the Blues win a domestic double in 2015, with their first league title following Women's FA Cup success. She is probably the best goalkeeper in the world on current form, says manager Emma Hayes.
Sharbat Gula was pictured in 1984 in a refugee camp in north-west Pakistan. She has been accused of living in Pakistan on fake identity papers. Pakistan recently launched a crackdown on fake IDs. Many believe she is just one among thousands of Afghan refugees who committed the same offence.
David Williams and John Dingley are consultant anaesthetists at Morriston Hospital in Swansea. Their moment of genius came in their garages while tinkering with glue-guns and car-body filler. The ShakerScope is a light source which can be quickly adapted to look in people's eyes, ears and throats.
Emergency services called to Glenapp Road in the Pollokshields area of Glasgow. Two people were taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital with smoke inhalation. Other residents from the flats received medical assessments at the scene. The incident is being investigated by the city's fire brigade.
Proposals include creating a dual carriageway and designated bus lane. Up to 30,000 vehicles use the route between Oxford and Witney each day. David Cameron described the A40 as "a bit of a foot on the windpipe of west Oxfordshire economy"
Janmaat becomes Alan Pardew's fifth signing of the summer. The 24-year-old underwent a medical at St James' Park on Tuesday. He is a replacement for Mathieu Debuchy, who has completed his move to Arsenal. Janmaat made 63 appearances for Feyenoord over the past two seasons.
Camelia Lupu was last seen leaving her home address in Stalybridge. Her brother, Noevelle Lupu, has also been reported missing. It is believed the pair are with 19-year-old Marius Savin who is wanted on suspicion of their abduction.
A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction. The girl from Teesside was found earlier, after being reported missing at 22:00 BST. The search for her involved 30 officers, and she was found by police at 3:30pm.
Foreshew-Cain has been a member of the Church of England for 27 years. He is leaving the Church to work in the Peak District. He says the Church's policies are 'discriminatory' against LGBT people. The Church says it has not received a resignation from Foreshew.
Scotland face Slovenia in a Euro 2016 qualifier at Hampden Park on Sunday. Gordon Strachan's side must win to retain hopes of reaching 2018 World Cup. Celtic striker Griffiths will start ahead of Steven Fletcher, Steven Naismith and Chris Martin. The 26-year-old has scored 14 goals in 33 appearances for Celtic this season.
The 28-year-old former Manchester City defender joined the club, initially on loan, from Brentford in January 2014. He has been a regular in Derek McInnes's side over the past two-and-a-half seasons. "I was always confident we could try and get there and get a deal done. It is absolutely brilliant news," says the Aberdeen manager.
The Giants got a short-handed opener through player-coach Derrick Walser but Jeff Dimmen pulled the Panthers level. Mike Forney's powerplay breakaway goal make it 2-1 with Andy Bohmback equalising. Mike Radja scored from an acute angle and James Desmarais made it 4-2 before Nottingham's David Ling got one back.
Several restaurants have opened up at Lido beach, their shaded tables packed with Mogadishu's wealthier elites. "Octopus, sea turtle, lobster, shrimp - it's all over this place! Somalia is the most rich in seafood," said Lule Dhan, executive chef at the Benadir Beach Restaurant.
Fr John Sullivan was born in County Kildare in 1861. He was named in a decree signed by Pope Francis to be beatified. The attribution of a miracle is given to those who have died for the faith. In certain circumstances beatification can later lead to sainthood.
The Daily Telegraph said the London gallery must know it has a "winner" with its "outstanding" exhibition. The Guardian added that the show was "ravishing, filled with light and decoration, exuberance and a kind of violence" The exhibition compiles work dating from 1937 to 1954, when he died aged 84 of a heart attack.
Tommy Lee had been left in the sole care of Mr Laverick when the baby became ill. The baby was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary and died later. The 25-year-old told the court he had fallen over while carrying the baby. The post mortem examination revealed the baby had suffered bleeding around his brain and the back of his eyes.
Leeds United's Lucy Ward is accused of misconduct in a public office. She claims she was unfairly dismissed after returning from the World Cup. The club denies the allegations and says she was treated unfairly. The hearing is expected to last for a week before a decision is made.
The pop legend lost his cool during his performance at Gloucester's Kingsholm Stadium on Sunday. The steward incurred John's wrath for trying to stop people with cheaper tickets blocking the view of concert-goers at the front. But sorry turned out not to be the hardest word, with John later getting her on stage and apologising.
Allardyce replaced Alan Pardew in December on a two-and-a-half-year deal. The 62-year-old led the Eagles to a 14th-place finish in the Premier League. Allardyce left his post as England manager by mutual agreement in September.
Ceredigion Council is consulting on shutting Bodlondeb in Penparcau, Aberystwyth. A report said residents would have to move to other homes - potentially long distances away. A public meeting is being held on 17 July at Llwyn yr Eos primary school from 19:00 BST.
Juno captured the data last weekend as it made its first close approach to the planet since going into orbit in July. The flyby took the spacecraft just 4,200km above Jupiter's multi-coloured atmosphere. Juno's quest is to investigate the secrets of the Solar System by explaining the origin and evolution of its biggest planet.
The Thinning Blue Line report was released by Reform Scotland today. The report argues that more police officers are solving fewer crimes. But the report doesn't seem to have the data or proof to categorically support this claim. It relies on "Underpants Gnomes" logic (go on - look it up)
Administrator FRP Advisory said a "sustained deterioration" since the EU vote had exacerbated Rivington Biscuits in Wigan's financial difficulties. The company, which makes Pink Panther wafers, will cut 99 of its 123 staff, keeping 24 while it seeks a buyer.
Torquing apologises for lack of communication over the Zano project. Kickstarter asked Torquing to provide a more detailed update to backers by November 30. Firm also reiterated its intention to "co-operate fully" with Pembrokeshire County Council.
Police initially said that business rivalry was a more likely motive for the attack on the Movida bar restaurant outside Kuala Lumpur on 28 June. They added that two men suspected of involvement had been arrested. Authorities are increasingly concerned about IS-related attacks as a number of Malaysians have gone to fight in Syria.
Eleven candidates are in the running to be the next UN secretary-general. Eight of them are from Eastern Europe. But the region has lukewarm backing for national candidates at home. A straw poll among the 15 members of the Security Council should give a clearer idea of the backing, or lack of support, for each.
Six suspects arrested in Italy, four in Britain, and three in Norway. Police say some of the suspects may have travelled to Syria or Iraq. The network was allegedly plotting to free its leader, Mullah Krekar. Krekar is the Iraqi-Kurdish founder of the radical Islamist group Ansar al-Islam.
Cpl Kylo Gorman's medals for service in Afghanistan and at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee were taken from his car in Bolton-le-Sands on 4 or 5 January. The Port Talbot-born 28-year-old said he had left the medals in the car after removing them from a uniform he was having altered.
Libraries in 118 cities around the world nominated 160 books. The 100,000 euro (Â£71,300) prize winner will be announced on 9 June 2016. The Miniaturist by Jessie Burton, The Bone Clocks by David Mitchell, Caitlin Moran's novel How to Build a Girl and David Nicholl's Us are on the longlist.
Snibston Discovery Museum is based at a former colliery in Leicestershire. The award-winning museum is the most visited in the county. But the withdrawal of a £4m Heritage Lottery Fund bid has prompted fears within the museum community. The funding bid had been for a £5m project called Mining Lives.
Ander Herrera's first-half strike gave United a lead they deserved. Arsenal equalised when Theo Walcott's cross was diverted past Victor Valdes. David De Gea went off with an injury on what may well be his final Old Trafford appearance as speculation mounts that he will make a summer move back to his native Spain.
England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out in second Test. Bangladesh claim first Test victory over the visitors. Ben Stokes fined 15% of his match fee and handed one demerit point for breaching the ICC Code of Conduct during the final day's play. England will take the same squad to India for a five-Test series beginning on 9 November.
Bill McCrea was chaplain for the Sailors' Society when the Zeebrugge ferry capsized. The tragedy marked the beginning of months of shared grief and years of recovery. The annual remembrance service continues with this week's 30th anniversary memorial. Bill: "The tragedy left people on their knees. The community came together in huge support"
The Northern Ireland Bat Group saves grounded and injured bats. The poor summer has had a big impact on the small, flying mammals. Some of the very young ones have been abandoned because their mothers found it difficult to get out to feed and produce milk. Volunteers are hand-raising the mammals in their homes before releasing them back into the wild.
A 38-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm. Police said they were not treating the attack as terrorism, but as a hate crime. The victim, who is in his 40s, was treated at the scene for a stab injury and taken to a south London hospital.
BBC correspondents from around the UK reflect on how people have been voting and the implications at a local level. The north of England has roared back at London - this result underlines the disconnect between the capital and the outlying parts of England. For many this wasn't just about Europe, it was about a metropolitan elite telling them what to do and then rebelling against it.
A further 13 pupils at the fee-paying school have been suspended for using E-cigarettes. Another pupil has been suspended and given a final warning after the discovery of the class B drug. In a letter to parents, rector Dr John Halliday said police were conducting an investigation into the incident.
Rangers led early through a scrappy goal from a corner, with Nedum Onuoha appearing to bundle in from a yard out. Leeds head coach Garry Monk saw his side get off to the worse possible start within four minutes. QPR striker Sebastian Polter caused Leeds' defence problems and twice hit the upright in the opening 45 minutes as the visitors looked off the pace.
Two serving police officers, a retired police officer, a current pilot and a retired pilot were arrested as part of a South Yorkshire Police investigation. Reports had been made that the force's helicopter had been used for inappropriate filming, Sheffield Magistrates' Court heard. The charges relate to four alleged incidents between 2007 and 2012.
Xbox SmartGlass allows users to control games on the touchscreen devices and can show extra information about progress. It also lets the handhelds act as controllers for the firm's Internet Explorer web browser, which will launch on the console later this year. The move poses a challenge to Nintendo's Wii U Game Pad.
Dedryck Boyata signed a four-year contract with Celtic this summer. Danny Ward has joined Aberdeen on a season-long loan from Liverpool. Dundee United have signed Croatia Under-21 international Darko Bodul. Hearts will re-establish themselves as a top-flight club after winning the Championship.
Gatwick runway closed for nine and five minutes after drone sighted. Easyjet said four of its flights were diverted. British Airways said one aircraft was diverted to Bournemouth. Civil Aviation Authority recommends drones be flown at no higher than 400ft. Highest Airprox involving a drone was at 12,500ft over Heathrow in February 2016.
Rajab, who heads the Bahrain Centre for Human Rights (BCHR), was convicted in 2012 of taking part in illegal gatherings and disturbing public order. An appeals court later reduced his original three-year term by a year. He was one of several leading activists arrested by the authorities after pro-democracy protests erupted in 2011.
Aberdeen dominated after the break as Wes Foderingham saved from Kenny McLean and twice from striker Adam Rooney. Kenny Miller's brace and Joe Dodoo's third earned Rangers the win. Aberdeen are still well placed to finish runners-up to Premiership champions Celtic, with nine points and a far superior goal difference.
Leaked document says a group of organisations is the last remaining bidder. The BBC understands it could be led by private firm Interserve. The deal is due to be awarded in December, pending further discussions. If successful, the consortium will co-ordinate cancer care in Staffordshire.
Of the 863 men who died, an estimated 120, known as "the Jersey Pals", were killed during the Battle of the Somme. The memorial stone was officially unveiled by Bailiff William Bailhache in the French village of Guillemont. Ian Ronanye, an author and historian, said the memorial would be a permanent reminder of the role Jersey played.
AJ MacGinty landed four penalties and Denny Solomona scored a try. Luke Cowan-Dickie's try just before the break kept the Chiefs in touch. Olly Woodburn and Don Armand crossed after half-time to earn a bonus point. Rob Baxter's side are now level on points with Wasps.
It comes after the UK's biggest inquiry into alleged neglect in six homes - Operation Jasmine - which cost Â£11.6m. Two homes were owned by Dr Prana Das, who once owned 25 homes in south Wales. But the case collapsed after he suffered a brain injury and could not stand trial.
Congo beat Burkina Faso 1-0 to reach the quarter-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations. Thierry Bifouma and Aristide Bance scored the goals in the last 10 minutes. Goalkeeper Germain Sanou punched the ball on to the shoulder of Fabrice Ondama.
Kamal C Chavara was detained by the police in Kerala state on Sunday. The youth wing of the Hindu nationalist BJP lodged a complaint against him. The post was apparently an excerpt from one of his books. Last month, the Supreme Court ruled that the anthem must be played in every cinema before a film is screened.
The wing of an American Airlines plane clipped the tail of a Southwest Airlines plane. It happened on Wednesday at 06:05 local time (11:05 GMT) at Detroit Metro airport. No reports of any injuries or fuel leaks. The Federal Aviation Authority has said it will investigate the incident.
Scottish unemployment rate is 5.5%, while UK is at 5.6%. The Scottish employment rate remains higher than the rest of the UK. The number of people in part-time work is growing more slowly, survey shows. But women are leaving temporary posts and going full-time, figures show.
Lizzie Mould, from Bristol University, was challenged by Gloucestershire firm Snow Business to come up with a "green" realistic snow for film and television. It took her two years and a "few hundred attempts" but now her new snow liquids are being sold to the industry. She has now been offered a full-time job with the firm.
Psychiatric patients now spend six fewer days in hospital than in 2012-13. Average number of "bed days" per patient per year has fallen by 10%. Healthwatch England says some patients are being discharged too early and without enough support. Number of suicides of patients being cared for at home has been double that of inpatients.
Gracie Mellalieu is one of just five people in Wales with Morquio Syndrome. The condition affects the way bones and joints grow. A new drug called Vimizim has won Welsh Government approval. It will cost about Â£880,000 a year to treat eligible patients in Wales.
Motherwell were forced to postpone an under-20s game against Celtic on Tuesday after the vast majority of the squad were laid low. Most of the first team squad have now recovered sufficiently to allay fears of the match being postponed. The club have informed the SPFL there will be no requests made and tomorrow's game is good to go.
Mrs Schlafly was an outspoken opponent of feminism and abortion. She helped Republicans block the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s. She campaigned against Communism and is credited with creating the political climate that helped Ronald Reagan become president. She is survived by her six children, 16 grandchildren and three great-grandchildren.
Faults were found at 309 properties in Poole and 40 flats in Reading. Homes in Harbour Reach, Poole, were evacuated following a gas leak in 2009. DSI Plumbing and Heating Ltd of Hampshire was also ordered to pay £1,000 costs at Bournemouth Crown Court.
There are 2,600 UK students in the Netherlands this term - up by a third in a year. Independent school head teachers want Dutch universities to be included in the Ucas application form. The University of Groningen is a microcosm of this, with around 300 UK students.
The Democratic Unionist party is understood to want more formal protection for Ulster-Scots. The former Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure published proposals for an Irish language act in 2015. In the same year the department published a strategy to enhance and develop the Ulster- scots language, heritage and culture up until the year 2035.
Sherri Papini was still bound with restraints when she managed to flag down a car. Police are looking for two women in connection with her disappearance. Her husband had reported her missing after she failed to pick up their children from day care. A $50,000 (Â£40,200) reward is being offered to find those responsible.
Under the bill, the performers - often dressed as popular characters like Elmo - must work for tips in special areas. They threatened to tarnish the area's newly acquired family-friendly image. City leaders feared the desnudas in particularly would hold back their efforts to establish Times Square as a top tourist destination.
Adriano Guedes, 63, was paralysed by a stroke in 2008. He was admitted to the James Paget Hospital in Gorleston, Norfolk, in 2014. The hospital obtained a court order to evict him and he is now in a council flat. Suffolk County Council said it had worked "extensively" with him.
The Nuffield Council on Bioethics says some clinics provide a good service. It says some fail to make it clear that non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) can offer only an estimate of Down's risk and is not diagnostic. The report says there have been instances where the NHS was "left to pick up the pieces"
Darren Boyce has signed for Ballymena United on a 30-month deal. The 27-year-old had been on loan at Dungannon Swifts this season. Former Linfield defender Jim Ervin has also joined the club. Both players will make their debuts in Saturday's Irish Cup fifth round match.
Healthy travel will be promoted in school lessons, public health campaigns, and investment decisions, backed up by monitored targets. Local councils are obliged to provide routes for cyclists and walkers and to consider their needs when planning new road and rail links under the 2013 legislation. An annual progress report will monitor how many more adults and children have been encouraged to take up walking or cycling.
Donald Trump and Ben Carson have come under fire for comments on faith. Mr Trump said Obama wasn't American, wasn't a Christian - but was a Muslim. Mr Carson said he would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation. But what about the feelings of the three million Muslims who live in America?
Emmanuel Manzi from Italy won the event at Llanberis, while Richard Roberts was the first Welsh competitor to finish. Organisers say the 10-mile (16km) race attracts some of the best mountain racers in Europe. One couple got engaged after finishing the event.
Sir Kevin has referred himself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards, Kathryn Hudson. It follows a Daily Telegraph report saying he received fees for sponsoring dinners and a breakfast on the Parliamentary estate. In a letter to Ms Hudson, he said all the fees were paid to charity. According to the Commons Code of Conduct, MPs' use of public resources should always be "in support of their parliamentary duties"
The company's flotation on the Nasdaq stock exchange had initially raised a less-than-expected $286m (Â£170m) However, investors flocked to the shares, and they ended the day at $20.24, after opening at $17.
Hayley caught up with them in Yorkshire, and even set them a cheeky challenge. The team are back together, practising and getting ready for their next competition. Watch the video to see how they got on with their new challenge. Click here to follow the World Wheelchair Basketball Championships.
A 26-year-old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on a number 9A bus travelling on Paisley Road, Tradeston, towards Penilee. Police described the man they are looking for as white, in his 50s, of heavy build. He has blotchy skin and a shaved head.
Guam is home to an important strategic US airbase, US nuclear bombers and about 6,000 troops. The island is the closest target for Pyongyang should the regime want to attack the US. Local stand-up comedian Chris "Malafunkshun" Barnett said there was a real level of anxiety.
Stephen Martin, 56, from Rustington, West Sussex, was due to face trial on charges of involuntary homicide. Larissa Hooley, 48, from Aylesbury, and Nigel Haines, 59, of Hove, died during the incident off the island of Gozo.
The Dow Jones closed up 67.18 points at 17,073.95, while the broader S&P 500 rose 1.77 points to 2,001.76. The tech-heavy Nasdaq index fared less well, falling 8.77 point to 4,708.25. Brent crude oil rose above $40 a barrel for the first time this year.
Zaporizhya is typical of eastern Ukraine in that it was full of communist monuments and street names. But new laws say they must be removed because they symbolise the country's repressive past. Critics say that it is a crude assault on Ukraine's past and are calling for it to be scrapped.
Sergio Garcia and Justin Rose have been under the radar but both have the form and experience to lead the way for the home team in Scotland. Europe are desperate to improve on a record in which they have won only two of the last nine sessions. Paul McGinley's attention to detail should ensure they contend well in foursomes and fourballs.
Four men from the Bolton area, aged 22, 24, 27 and 32, have been charged with two counts of robbery. They were also charged with dangerous driving and threatening a person in a public place with a bladed or pointed article. They are due before Blackpool magistrates later.
Since 2006, Amazon has been a subsidiary of its European headquarters in Luxembourg. As a result, anyone buying anything from Amazon in the UK makes a payment to the Luxembourg office. Amazon says it may have to pay an extra $1.5bn in tax in the US if it loses the dispute.
Mohammed Nowrouz Noori lost his wife, son and baby daughter in a shipwreck. He spent 12 days trying to recover the bodies of his family and bring them home. The Afghan consulate in Istanbul is trying to cope with the fallout from the crisis. Afghans taking a body home means travelling by air.
Justin Gatlin is nominated as IAAF's male athlete of the year. The 32-year-old has run the fastest 100m and 200m times by a man in his thirties. He was banned for doping in 2006, but has since returned to the sport.
David Mackintosh announced his decision ahead of a local party meeting. He was criticised over a £10.25m loan to Northampton Town FC. The money was used to rebuild Sixfields stadium and develop nearby land. Mr Mackintosh has denied any wrongdoing and said he will not stand for re-election.
Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan are due in Swansea on Thursday. The Supporters' Trust retains a 21.1% stake in the club. Trust chairman Phil Sumbler is disappointed with the pace of negotiations. The Trust wants to discuss long-term plans for the club and a shareholders' agreement.
Miriam Briddon died after the collision involving her Fiat Punto and a Volkswagen Golf. Gareth Entwhistle, 34, from the Aeron Valley, admitted causing death by careless driving while under the influence of alcohol. He will appear again at Swansea Crown Court at the end of July.
England and Wales meet in Group B at Euro 2016 on Thursday (14:00 BST) Gareth Bale said the Welsh had more passion and pride than England. England boss Roy Hodgson said he did not see a lack of patriotism. Harry Kane insists England are not going to let their poor form affect them.
Miliband says he wants to "mend", not end, links with the unions. Labour has referred allegations of union malpractice to the police. There has also been talk of greater use of open primaries to select candidates. The Conservatives have also asked the police to investigate the allegations.
Theresa May and Jean-Claude Juncker clashed at Downing Street last week. German newspaper Frankfurter Allgemeine said the pair discussed the future of the UK. Mrs May said she did not recall the meeting and called it "Brussels gossip" She also refused to commit to settling the issue of expats' rights by June.
Martin made 38 appearances last season for Livi, scoring five goals. He was in his second spell with the club, having previously played for Ross County and Hibernian. He switched back to the Dingwall club on loan in the summer, scoring four goals in 14 games.
Christopher Tate, who also runs Donington Park circuit, said most of the British industry was in "Motorsport Valley", in central England counties. The Welsh Government refused to underwrite the £350m private funding for the Welsh circuit.Developers say they have a new deal which could proceed within eight weeks.
The proposed cuts would see 195 job losses, 47 of those posts are already vacant. The plans could also see the closure of Woodside Lodge care home and cuts to services for those with learning disabilities. Labour's Stephen Barnes-Andrews said: "We have a clear vision for where we want to be"
Jonny Court opened the scoring for Dundee United after 19 minutes. Elgin City hit back through Mark Nicolson and Kyle MacLeod. But Alistair Roy's shot secured the victory with three minutes left. Click here for all the latest from the Scottish Premier League.
James is Town's sixth signing of the summer so far. The 19-year-old was called up into the Wales senior squad for the first time for the World Cup qualifier against Serbia earlier this month. Defender Adam El-Abd has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
Margaride Rufino, 38, and Anthony Roberts, 37, were found dead at an address in Cross Road, Idle, on Sunday evening. Their two-year-old daughter is being cared for by family members. Detectives are treating the incident as murder but are not looking for anyone else in connection with the deaths.
Hull left-back Robertson picked up a knock in 6-1 defeat to Bournemouth. The 22-year-old is expected to be sidelined for "up to eight weeks" Scotland face England in World Cup qualifying on 11 November. Gordon Strachan's side sit three points behind leaders England.
Alice Gross, 14, was found in the River Brent in west London in September 2014. Days later the body of Latvian builder Arnis Zalkalns was found nearby. The inquest into her death will look into whether failures by the government and police contributed to her death. Alice's mother Rosalind Hodgkiss said the family were'stunned' by the news.
The attack took place in the Mirzawalang area of Sar-e Pul province. A combination of Taliban and Islamic State (IS) group fighters - including foreigners - were involved. The Taliban denied killing civilians, saying that its fighters had killed 28 members of a government-supported militia.
Victim taken to hospital from Crown Street, Acton, on Friday but died from his injuries. A 16-year-old suspect was arrested and remains in custody in South London. Police believe they know the identity of the dead youth but it has yet to be formally confirmed.
The memory of the "Boy from Bassendean" is being erased by the local council. A public mural, the "Entertainers of the Century" that features 100 prominent performers, will be changed to paint over Rolf Harris's cheery image. A law firm says since Harris's trial began it has been contacted by around a dozen women in Australia and New Zealand alleging they were molested by the TV presenter.
PSA, which includes Peugeot, wants to buy General Motors' European arm. This includes Vauxhall plants at Luton and Ellesmere Port. There are fears that the deal could lead to job losses. Carlos Tavares, boss of PSA Group, is also set to hold talks with Unite leader Len McCluskey.
The Scottish Salmon Company (SSC) said it was hit by "exceptional mortalities" amounting to 1,300 tonnes - about a fifth of its potential harvest. The Oslo-listed company reported losses of Â£1.4m in the quarter before interest and tax.
Invest NI signed a PFI contract for its new headquarters in Belfast in 2005. After the property crash, it became a very bad deal. Labour MP Barry Gardiner said he will ask the Audit Office to investigate. The programme also reveals details of Invest NI's current multi-million pound debt to the controversial US investment fund, Cerberus.
Sweetgrass compounds drive mosquitoes away from tantalising fake blood samples. Researchers say folk remedies are a rich source of possible new repellents. Coumarin and phytol were the stand-outs, Dr Cantrell said. Further tests are needed to see how long the effects last.
Lisanne Beck, 47, allegedly performed a sex act on Simon Murphy, 48, during a Paloma Faith set in September. The Old Bailey heard the couple were filmed conducting the alleged behaviour, but the jury failed to reach a verdict and were discharged. Judge Peter Rook QC gave the prosecution until Thursday to decide whether to pursue a retrial.
The name of a London cafe has been trademarked for more than 30 years. The name of the cafe was changed in 2012 after a legal battle. The Glee TV show was also trademarked but has now been changed again. The company behind the TV show has also had its name trademarked.
Anglian Water said tests were carried out following repairs to a burst main. Results showed "naturally occurring organisms that should not be there" The firm advised people to boil and cool all drinking water as "a precautionary measure" A spokesman said: "We haven't found anything harmful to human health"
Sony's new virtual reality headset will go on sale in October. But there is still confusion about how it will be used beyond gaming. We also look at the boom in live streaming of video games. And we hear from a rival to Twitch, who says his service is more focused on professional gaming.
Alastair Cook (76) and Joe Root (71) help England declare on 173-1. James Anderson and Chris Woakes took 3-41 and Moeen Ali 3-88. Pakistan lost their last six wickets for 89 runs to lose on the fourth day. The third Test at Edgbaston begins on 3 August.
The Japan society was set up nearly two decades ago, in 1996. It was formed to help Japanese people new to Northern Ireland to integrate. But its members say the society is about much more than that too. It provides a way for people who are learning Japanese to practise with native speakers.
PM tells MPs the plan must be treated seriously, but also "tested out properly" He said the resolution would include "a proper timetable, process and consequences if it's not done" Russia's ambassador to France said Moscow was ready to negotiate a UN resolution that foresees international control of Syria's chemical weapons.
The Conservative peer became ill last month and spent 18 days in intensive care. A spokeswoman said Lord Ashcroft was now recovering in the US and was "out of danger" The book, Call Me Dave, contains a series of allegations about the prime minister's student days. It includes claims of drug-taking and a club initiation ceremony involving a dead pig.
The Taliban has already captured a few of the 14 districts of Helmand, which borders Pakistan. According to some estimates, the insurgent group now controls more than half of the province, which produces the bulk of Afghanistan's lucrative opium crop. The fall of Sangin indicates the Taliban's growing strength in the south, and has symbolic significance for the US-Nato led mission in Afghanistan.
Chelmsford Prison told residents there had recently been "numerous incidents" of packages being hurled over the wall. One former inmate said the jail was "notorious" for being "flooded" with mobile phones and synthetic cannabis. Ministry of Justice said staff worked "extremely hard" to stop contraband from getting into prisons.
The Church in Wales announced the move ahead of the consecration of the first woman bishop, Canon Joanna Penberthy, as Bishop of St Davids. The services will take place at 11:00 GMT on 7 January. In January 1997, 62 women were ordained, with their names set to feature on a new logo.
The Scottish Borders authority's budget was approved earlier this month. A spending timeline until 2022 shows the price could be about £435,000 more. The Scottish government contribution to the project has been estimated at about £32.5m. The council is being asked to approve the final outline design of the scheme.
Alliance Party's ruling council due to meet on Thursday to decide if it will join the executive. DUP and Sinn FÃ©in have already said they will enter opposition. DUP maintained the 38 seats it held in the last assembly, while Sinn Fâ©in lost one and now holds 28.
Four people were on Irish Coastguard Rescue 116 helicopter when it crashed on Tuesday. The search, which has been impeded by adverse weather, will also focus on finding the wreckage of the helicopter. Heavy swells have so far prevented those involved from getting near to the site where a signal from the helicopter's black box was located.
It was held earlier this month in Hunan province, in the mountain range thought to have inspired the floating mountains of Pandora in the Hollywood blockbuster film Avatar. It is thought to be one of the most beautiful places in the world, according to experts. The event was attended by more than 1,000 people.
Lee Spencer, Nigel Rogoff, Paddy Gallagher and Cayle Royce finished fifth out of the 26 competing crews. The Talisker Challenge - described as "the world's toughest row" - got off to a difficult start, with severe sea sickness hitting the team. They crossed the finish line in 46 days, 16 hours and 49 minutes.
Two 100kW turbines have been installed so far in the Shetland Tidal Array at Bluemull Sound. Nova Innovation said tidal energy was a "long-term source" of predictable renewable power. The UK Carbon Trust estimates a Â£126bn global tidal energy market could be developed by 2050.
Brandon Comley signed a two-year deal at Loftus Road in May. The 20-year-old has played twice for the R's first-team. He made his debut as a substitute in last season's 5-1 defeat by Leicester. Comley will return to his parent club Carlisle on 20 February.
Andreas Richter and Piotr Koper say they have 'irrefutable evidence' German military train was buried near city of Walbrzych. Officials have cast doubt on the claims in recent days. The pair want a 10% finders' fee and have reportedly vowed to spend part of the sum setting up a museum.
Darby, 28, made 194 league appearances for the Bantams. He helped them to promotion from League Two in 2013. New deals have been offered to goalkeeper Rouven Sattelmaier, defenders Matthew Kilgallon, Rory McArdle, Tony McMahon and James Meredith.
Balshaw is one of the major players behind Manchester's recent cultural renaissance. She takes on the leadership of the Tate with palpable energy and ambition. Her intention is to change the Tate in the next 20 years as much as her predecessor - Sir Nicholas Serota - changed it in the last two decades.
Six documents taken from an old account belonging to Mr Brennan. CIA said there was "no indication" that anything classified was released. Documents include a draft security clearance application containing personal information. They appear to all date to 2009, when Mr Brennan was seeking security clearance while applying for a job as a White House counterterrorism adviser.
The RoboCup has been running since 1997, and each year sees ever more sophisticated robots taking part. The ultimate aim is for a team of robots to take on and beat their human World Cup winning counterparts in 2050. The robots are pre-programmed - an estimated 50,000 lines of code go into preparing for a match.
Police say the woman was attacked after she accepted a lift by three men in a truck. No arrests have been made but police have set up roadblocks and are searching for the suspects. The attack comes after a Swiss tourist was gang raped in Madhya Pradesh state in March.
American Wambach was arrested on Saturday for drink-driving. Court documents connected to her arrest said "the defendant tried cocaine at age 25" Mini USA has withdrawn adverts for the car featuring the 35-year-old. She scored 184 goals in 255 games and helped USA to 2015 World Cup glory.
The Tinkoff rider finished the 4km time trial ascent of Mont Chery in 11 minutes, 36 seconds. Australia's Richie Porte, riding for BMC Racing, was six seconds adrift, with Team Sky's Froome third. Froome has won the race twice before - in 2013 and 2015 - both times going on to win the Tour de France.
The Education at a Glance report compares the costs and characteristics of education systems in industrialised countries. It highlights that many countries face a challenge to recruit teachers - particularly when on average a primary school teacher earns 22% less than someone with similar qualifications. The think tank says teachers' pay has declined in real terms.
Five justices in the Supreme Court dismissed the challenge for an inquiry into the shootings at Batang Kali in 1948 by a four to one majority. British forces at the time of the killings said the men were insurgents. The men were Chinese migrant workers suspected by the British of helping rebels during the Malayan Emergency.
Nordtveit has signed a five-year deal with the Hammers. The 25-year-old left Arsenal to join the Bundesliga team in December 2010. He made his Norway debut in 2011 and has 28 international caps to his name. He says: "It has always been a dream to play in the Premier League"
The American band had been set to perform in Bellahouston Park on Tuesday. Promoters PCL said the show had been cancelled because "adverse weather conditions" meant it was "no longer safe" for the bands to perform. In a statement on their website Green Day said they were "very distraught"
Elizabeth Passmore's final report before retirement complains admissions are too often "unnecessarily complex", "unfair" or unclear. England's School Admissions Code requires places to be offered in a fair and open way. The government said it would review the findings and take action where needed.
Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino's side were utterly dominant. But they were frustrated by determined defending and brilliant goalkeeping. The pressure was on to beat struggling Swansea after Leicester opened up a five-point lead with a victory over Norwich on Saturday. Both sides are in Premier League action on Wednesday.
Celtic are nine points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Manager Ronny Deila will leave the club at the end of the season. Celtic could effectively wrap up their fifth Premiership title in a row with victory against Hearts at Tynecastle on Saturday. David Moyes remains the bookmakers' favourite to replace Deila.
The 23-year-old joined Real at the age of 14 and was part of their Champions League-winning squads in 2014 and 2016. Jese will link up with former Sevilla boss Unai Emery, who succeeded Laurent Blanc as PSG manager in June.
90 MLAs set to get a pay rise, according to the Belfast Telegraph. That's despite the Assembly not actually having sat for a full day of business since long before the March election. According to the paper, the rise will kick in on April Fool's Day and will see wages increase by £500 per year.
The snap drill in the Rostov region was ordered by President Vladimir Putin. The southern military district includes Crimea - the peninsula annexed by Russian forces in 2014. Pro-Russian rebels also held military drills in eastern Ukraine last week. The Russian military did not indicate any connection between the current exercises in southern Russia and the Ukraine situation.
Roy Guest was sacked by West Midlands Ambulance Service (WMAS) in 2013. He posted comments hoping Julie Bailey suffered "a life-threatening illness" Health and Care Professions Council (HPC) suspended him for a year, pending a review. He has now been permanently removed from the register.
Tunisia's former president Moncef Marzouki is among the campaigners. The activists said they wanted to draw attention to the blockade. Israel says it acted in international waters to prevent the "intended breach of the maritime blockade" imposed since 2009 against the Hamas-run territory.
Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said the Conservatives were "talking up" the SNP's prospects. Voters throughout the UK go to the polls on 7 May to choose their next MP. Polling suggests the contest will be tight and no one party will win an overall majority.
Mesothelioma can take decades to develop, but when symptoms emerge it progresses rapidly. Around 2,000 people are diagnosed each year, with an estimated death toll of between 56,000 and 63,000. The new fund will entitle UK claimants to 80% of the average settlement paid out in civil actions.
Tammy Abraham's 22nd goal of the season had earlier put City in front. Sam Gallagher's powerful header back across goal ensured Rovers, who remain in the relegation zone, are still two points from safety with three to play. On-loan Chelsea striker Abraham, 19, was arguably most guilty, shooting straight at the goalkeeper when through on goal.
The 31-year-old scored just twice in 36 appearances for the Dons last season. Barnett also played in the Championship for Peterborough and Ipswich. He made his name in non-league football with Rushall Olympic and Hednesford Town after being released as a youngster by West Bromwich Albion.
Mr Machar is being treated in the Democratic Republic of Congo. He says he is still negotiating a peace deal with President Salva Kiir. The fighting erupted less than a year after a deal was signed to end the civil war. Mr Machar says his troops were defending themselves against government attacks.
Shares in RBS fell by 4.4%, Barclays by 2.8% and Standard Chartered 2.7%. Deutsche Bank faces a $14bn penalty to settle an investigation by US regulators into the mis-selling of mortgage-backed securities. Among the main risers in London were TUI, up nearly 4%; Shire, up 3.2%; and Burberry up 3%.
Dorset Police said officers had restrained the man, who was reported acting erratically in Poole on Tuesday. The man suffered a medical episode while with the officers, who performed CPR while waiting for an ambulance. He was taken to Poole Hospital but his condition deteriorated and he died on Wednesday morning.
Census found 32% in Wales have no religion, against a UK figure of 25%. Church in Wales said Christianity was "no longer the default setting" for many. Of those in Wales who described themselves as believers, the number of Christians fell by 14 percentage points to 57%.
Raymond Aubrac and his late wife Lucie became important members of Jean Moulin's underground Resistance movement in 1942. Aubrac was arrested in June 1943 with Moulin, who died after torture. The couple escaped when a group of fighters including his wife attacked a lorry moving him and other members of the Resistance from jail in Lyon.
Homosexual acts are punishable by up to 14 years in jail in Nigeria. Gay marriage and displays of same-sex affection are also banned. Nigeria has an influential Christian evangelical movement in the south and strong support for Islamic law in the north. Gay people live in fear and cannot openly express their sexual orientation.
Willie Isa, George Williams, Dom Manfredi and Ben Flower score tries for Wigan. Oliver Gildart and Dan Sarginson score late tries to seal victory. Rhinos have now lost five successive games in all competitions. Wigan's victory leaves four teams separated by only points difference at the top of the table.
Karl Robinson left MK Dons on Sunday after more than five years in charge. Chairman Pete Winkelman says the club needs to be in the Premier League. Dons are currently 19th in League One, their lowest position since the club was founded in 2004. Fans are unhappy with the recruitment strategy, overseen by the chairman's son Bobby.
All 32 local authorities have agreed to support a "coordinated response" to the humanitarian crisis. At least 18 local authorities could see the first groups of people arriving before Christmas. The Scottish government has pledged to accept at least 2,000 of the 20,000 refugees which the UK government has agreed to take.
Aberdeen beat Apollon 1-0 in the first leg of their Europa League qualifier. Ryan Christie gave the home side the lead after just four minutes. Ribeiro Santana equalised for the Cypriot side in the second half. Esteban Sachetti was sent off for the visitors before Shinnie's winner.
Winnipeg police are investigating an incident involving a police helicopter. The helicopter's loudspeaker was turned on while it was flying over the city. Residents were able to hear the pilots talking about oral sex. The police are considering disciplinary measures against the pilots. The incident happened on Monday night.
Giovanni Dixon, 17, stabbed James Hunter in the heart after the 18-year-old tried to protect his friend. Dixon and his friends had set upon Ezekiel Andrews with knives last May and Mr Hunter stepped in to protect him. Dixon was found guilty of murder and wounding and was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years.
The Briton, 30, won 6-2 4-6 6-1 7-5 after two hours and 39 minutes. Fognini, the 29th seed, had five set points to force a fifth set. Murray won five games in a row to seal a place in the last 16 for the 11th time.
Suspect has been identified only as Sergej W, 28. He was staying in the team's hotel overlooking the scene of the attack. Police initially treated the blast as a terrorist attack. But investigators cast "significant doubt" on jihadist motivations. They now say the attack was in fact motivated by financial greed.
Rashan Charles, 20, was wrestled to the ground in Dalston, east London, on 22 July, and died about an hour later. A spokesman for Mr Charles's family said they understood the anger but called for "dignified" protest. Mr Charles was pursued by officers and became ill after trying to swallow an object.
Gillingham are 20th in League One, one place and one point above the drop zone. Justin Edinburgh left the club on 3 January after 14 months in charge. Former Forest Green boss Taylor returns to "oversee recruitment and all footballing policy" during his second spell in charge of the club.
The men have been charged with "disturbing communal harmony" They were arrested after their Hindu neighbours complained they had burst firecrackers during the game, which saw Pakistan beat India by 180 runs. Amnesty International has called for the immediate release of the men, calling the arrests "patently absurd"
Israel's foreign minister says IS has "enjoyed Turkish money for oil for a very, very long period of time" US state department officials last month rejected Russian allegations of Turkish government involvement. Efforts by Israel and Turkey to repair damaged ties hit a setback this month over demands for compensation.
The multi-billion dollar pipeline is nearly 1,200 miles (1,900km) long. It runs close to the Standing Rock Sioux Native American Indian reservation. The Sioux, along with other Native Americans, oppose the pipeline. They fear it will contaminate drinking water and run over sacred burial sites.
Oberon was one of three animals mauled by a dog in their field in the New Forest. Owner Susan Sears said she was "devastated" Oberon's wounds had not healed, and, despite further surgery, he was found to be "beyond recovery"
Adrian Ismay, 52, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast on 4 March. Police said that a post-mortem examination showed he died as a "direct result of the injuries" of the bomb. A dissident republican group, widely referred to as the new IRA, said it carried out the attack.
Witness Shaun Wheeldon said he saw Mr Grant being held on the pavement. He said he was "shocked" to see Mr Grant's face was light grey. Kiel Hauley, Jonas Marcius, 23, and Adrian Morley, 33, deny assaulting and murdering Mr Grant.
Wenger says he is looking to extend the contract of Aaron Ramsey. The 25-year-old was injured in Arsenal's 2-0 win over Slovenia on Saturday. He is expected to be out for one or two weeks with a hamstring injury. The former Manchester United player is currently on loan at the club from Arsenal.
Aberdeen winger was given a straight red card for a challenge on Mikael Lustig. A Scottish FA disciplinary tribunal reviewed the case and rejected the claim of wrongful dismissal. Hayes will now serve a two-match suspension. The 28-year-old Irishman was free to play in Tuesday's 1-0 win over Hamilton.
More than 30 firefighters helped to tackle the blaze on Great Eastern Street. LFB has since apologised after its joke about the fire was met with a mixed response on social media. An investigation into the cause of the blaze is due to begin next week. The fire brigade said: "Sorry if we caused any offence by using the term hipsters"
Steven Souley, 26, and Zico Malavin, 20, attacked Robert Eadie, 25, in Glasgow. Victim required surgery to repair a wound to his groin and penis. Souley was previously jailed for seven years for killing a man in 2010. The pair will be sentenced at the High Court in Glasgow next month.
The non-league club's ground at Meadow Park was completely submerged by the 2007 floods and they have been unable to play there since. The new ground will be a completely new build, within the boundaries of the old stadium, and will include flood defences. Club chairman Nigel Hughes said: "There is still much work to be done but this gives us all a big lift and is something to work towards"
Far-right group posted a video on YouTube showing members in the Al-Manar Islamic Centre in Cathays on 20 August. Visit followed claims made in national newspapers that Shaykh Ali Hammuda, an Imam at the mosque, was a "radical" preacher. South Wales Police confirmed a complaint had been received and "the matter is being investigated"
The interactive 3D renderings are assembled from photos of the objects, sourced from tourists who visited them before the destruction. The project has received more than 700 photos and produced 15 3D images of artefacts. The archaeologists who established the project hope to widen its scope to include objects lost at other sites, to violence or natural disasters such as the recent Nepal earthquakes.
Alcohol is responsible for around 1 in 20 of all deaths in Wales. A higher proportion of children aged 11 to 16 are drinking alcohol than in England or Scotland. Public Health Wales says progress is being made with heavy drinking falling among adults under 45 but could be on the increase among older people.
Rooswijk sank on Goodwin Sands in January 1740. It is only now, after more than 250 years, that the sands have shifted enough to unveil the wreckage. Never before have any of the Dutch East India Company's 250 wrecks been scientifically excavated on this scale.
West Ham are moving to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford at the end of the season. The Hammers have sold more than 50,000 season tickets for the new ground. The Upton Park area is home to a number of thriving businesses. Food outlets, pubs and street traders face an uncertain future when the Hammers move.
Shrien Dewani, 34, is accused of ordering the murder of his new wife, 28-year-old Anni, who was shot in Cape Town in November 2010. Bristol businessman has been fighting against extradition for three years but lost his latest appeal. Mr Dewani is expected to appear at Western Cape High Court on Tuesday.
More than 100,000 people a year who would benefit from palliative care are not getting it. Only a fifth of new referrals to specialist end-of-life services are for people with non-cancer diagnoses. NHS England said it was committed to ensuring terminally-ill patients got the support and services they needed.
Kagiso Rabada becomes youngest South Africa bowler to take 10 wickets in a match. England lost their last seven wickets for 43 runs in 10.5 overs. England next play Test cricket against Sri Lanka at Headingley on 19 May. England were beaten 2-0 by Pakistan in the United Arab Emirates earlier this winter.
The Very Large Array (VLA) traced the presence of ammonia in the gas giant to study the circulation systems below the visible cloud tops. The deepest we can see in this dataset is about 12 Bar - 12 times the Earth's atmospheric pressure. The research is a nice prelude to the next probe set to visit Jupiter: the US space agency satellite Juno.
Education minister Esteban Bullrich's plan would add a 25% higher penalty if an offence was against a teacher. It is believed to be the first time teachers would have been given a special legal protection in this way. Mr Bullrich said it would make sure the public showed them more "respect"
"I didn't think I was going to survive this one," golfer says. The 43-year-old is ranked 271 in the world and has won four titles. He was taken to hospital after the incident in Hawaii on Friday. The incident is being treated as second-degree robbery.
Aberdeen face Championship winners Hibs in the Scottish Cup semi-final. The Dons have won just two of their past 11 visits to Hampden Park. Hibs have won four and lost four of their nine previous visits to the national stadium. Alan Stubbs believes the game could go to extra time at Hampden.
Mr Bahri, also known as Abu Jandal, was also a driver for the late al-Qaeda leader. He was involved in attacks by Islamist militants in Bosnia, Somalia and Afghanistan during the 1990s. Mr Bahri was freed from the Guantanamo Bay jail and returned to Yemen in 2008.
Calbuco last week surprised residents by bursting into life after decades of inactivity. The latest eruption was less powerful, but sent a large plume of dark grey smoke and ash rising from the crater. Residents were warned that heavy rain could mix with ash and rock to produce deadly mudflows.
State House Speaker Thom Tillis defeated Mark Harris and Greg Brannon. Mr Tillis avoided a runoff election by earning 46% of the vote in the eight-person race. Republican House Speaker John Boehner easily defeated two candidates associated with the right-wing populist tea party movement in the Ohio Republican primary election.
Four tickets were bought for a £2.8m event in Birmingham. The tickets were purchased by the former owners of the ground. The former owners say they are no longer interested in the tickets. The new owners say the tickets were never intended to be used for the event.
North Wales Chief Constable Mark Polin says police likely to "bear the brunt" of further cuts to Home Office budget by 2020. Dyfed-Powys Commissioner Christopher Salmon has urged ministers to take rural needs into account when changing the police funding formula. Home Office has said no decisions have been taken beyond this year.
Russian opposition politicians have described the posting as a murder threat. Chechen leader said Mr Kasyanov was seeking cash in Strasbourg for the opposition. Mr Kadyrov runs Chechnya with an iron fist - his private militia has been accused of widespread human rights abuses, including torture and assassination.
The Giants saw off Fife Flyers 7-2 at the SSE Arena on Saturday night. Steve Saviano scored four goals for the hosts. Jerome Leduc found the net twice in that game, with Mike Forney also getting his name on the scoresheet. The Giants are next in action against Manchester in Belfast on March 4.
Novaya Gazeta reported that more than 100 people had been detained in Chechnya on suspicion of being homosexual. Chechen Muslim clerics met on 3 April, two days after the paper's revelations, and said the report had insulted their faith. Their resolution said: "Retribution will catch up with the true instigators, wherever and whoever they are"
Ford first appeared as Indiana Jones in Raiders of the Lost Ark, released in 1981. He then starred in three subsequent films, most recently in 2008's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull. Ford was speaking to the BBC ahead of the DVD release of Star Wars: The Force Awakens.
Anderson took the wicket of Mitchell Marsh in the first ball of his seventh over. The 30-year-old is level with Darren Gough on 234 before the game. Anderson is 25th in the all-time world list but has only played 170 internationals. He became only the fourth England player to take 300 Test wickets.
54 Lloyds branches will be affected, alongside 24 Bank of Scotland and 22 Halifax branches. There will also be a net reduction of 325 staff, who were told about the plan on Wednesday morning. The trade union Unite, which represents many bank workers, called for an end to the process.
Global deals have reached $677.5bn, according to Dealogic, up 64% on 2014. GSK said it would make an upfront payment of $317m to buy Bristol-Myers Squibb's late stage HIV drugs. It will also pay an initial $33m to acquire pre-clinical and early stage research assets.
Measuring 50cm x 76cm (19.6in x 30in), it was bought by a Welshman living in England. The poster features soldiers beside a cannon, with the caption: "Independence calls for its bravest man" in English. Its guide price had been £200-£300.
FA Cup qualifying round begins on Friday with 368 teams in action. West Auckland Town were the first winners of the World Cup in 1909. The son of former England winger Chris Waddle plays for Worksop Town. FC Romania, making their FA Cup debut, play Haverhill Rovers in extra round.
Justice minister came to power with the Fine Gael/Labour coalition in February 2011. He set out on a wide-ranging reform agenda, which included plans to close more than 100 police stations. In May 2013, the minister became embroiled in a public row that generated so much attention it became popularly known as Shattergate. He was taking part in a TV debate about alleged police corruption in the penalty points system.
The 30-year-old joined the Cobblers on a one-year deal last summer. He made 25 appearances in all competitions for the club. Justin Edinburgh said the club were unable to "get comfortable" with his commitments to DR Congo."Gaby is a top professional, we wish him all the very best for his future career," said Edinburgh.
Fit4Less said it wanted to create a "light-hearted and humorous" advert. Charity Combat Bullying said it would "further harm" those who are being bullied. One passer-by said the poster was "ridiculous" and he would "rip it down"
Researchers at the University of Sheffield said the tumours were effectively "fertilising" the bone to help themselves grow. Around 85% of breast cancers that spread around the body end up in bone, at which point the cancer is difficult to treat and more deadly. Scientists discovered patients with secondary cancers had higher levels of an enzyme called LOX being produced by their tumours.
John Obi Mikel has been charged by the FA with misconduct. Chelsea had claimed Clattenburg directed racial language at Mikel in their home defeat by Manchester United. Mikel, 25, has until Friday, 30 November to respond. Chelsea have indicated he will not deny the charge but will request a hearing to "explain the mitigating circumstances"
Valencia had led 7-0 from the first leg at the Mestalla. Wilfrid Kaptoum scored a late equaliser for the home side. The result means Barcelona are unbeaten in 29 games, a Spanish record. Barcelona face either Celta Vigo or Sevilla in the La Liga final.
The classic Chinese folktale Journey to the West is being rebooted by Netflix. The story is about a monk who travels to India to bring back sacred Buddhist scrolls. It has been retold in artworks, cultural festivals and even as local movie and small screen adaptations. The decision to reboot the classic has been controversial in China.
One image depicts the moment Snow White hands the apple to her brother. The other shows the moment she gives the apple away to her sister. The images were taken from a set of photographs taken in the 1930s and 1940s. They were taken at the time of the filming of Snow White and the Seven Dwarves.
Victoria Police posted a public appeal on Monday to locate Daniel Damon. He is wanted for failing to answer bail for traffic and drug matters. Damon replied to the post and to a number of other users commenting on the situation. He told police he would turn himself in after getting things "organised"
Klitschko is reluctant to fight without at least one of the WBA or WBO titles on the line. The WBA and WBO will need to sanction the bout for their respective belts to be made available, but are yet to do so. Joshua beat Klitschko last November, before being stripped of the IBF title for failing to fight mandatory challenger.
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Road Lower School, Kempston, on 19 December 2014. Brian Wright, 55, said he was unable to see at the point of impact. He denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving at Luton Crown Court.
In May, Qatar vowed to improve the rights of migrants in the Gulf state. But Amnesty said progress to end exploitation had been minimal. The Gulf state has seen an influx of foreign workers ahead of the football tournament. More than 180 migrant workers died in Qatar last year and a significant number are believed to have suffered injuries.
Scottish Canals team used Google Street View's Trekker camera backpack to capture attractions including the Crinan Canal and the Falkirk Wheel. The 4ft-high backpack, which weighs 40lbs, is fitted with a 15-angle-lens camera which takes 360 pictures every 2.5 seconds. Google spokesman: "We believe the world is better explored than explained"
The adware - dubbed Superfish - was potentially compromising their security, said experts. Lenovo faces questions about why and for how long it was pre-installed on machines. Users began complaining about Superfish in Lenovo's forums in the autumn. Lenovo has said that it has removed Superfish from new machines and disabled it from others.
Rapper Kendrick Lamar won the most prizes on the night with five awards. Ed Sheeran also won his first two Grammys for song of the year and best pop solo performance for his number one hit Thinking Out Loud. Mark Ronson and Bruno Mars won two awards for their hit Uptown Funk.
Germany's exports were up by 2.4%, but that was outstripped by import growth of 3.4%. Household spending grew by 2%, while government spending was up by 4.2%. The country has enjoyed seven years of economic growth. Unusually for a developed country, it has a budget surplus.
Police were called to Honeywell Drive, in Stepps, just after 21:00 on Sunday. The man is said to be in a stable condition in hospital and is being treated for head injuries. The incident is being investigated by the Serious Crime Agency (SCEA)
Four young men arrested after raids on hotels, small shops and amusement arcades. They stole cash, smartphones, tablets and even a youth's luxury shoes. One victim was pistol-whipped and needed 10 stitches for a deep wound. Police found that the youths - dubbed a "baby gang" in Italian media - possessed several firearms.
The plane was flying over the Amanos Mountains in the southern province of Osmaniye. The pilot reportedly sent a message saying "I'm jumping" before contact was lost. The Turkish military said it had lost touch with the aircraft at 14:15 local time (11:15 GMT)
Mr Odinga was defeated by incumbent Uhuru Kenyatta in the election. He has accused the electoral authorities of fraud tantamount to "democracy's slaughter" But foreign observers described the election as free and fair. The international community has urged calm amid fears that the fraud claims could result in violence.
Natasha Harding headed Wales in front five minutes after the break. Substitute Ward then scored twice in two minutes before sliding in for her third. Victory sees Wales leapfrog Kazakhstan and Israel into third place in Group 8. Wales had lost 3-0 away to Austria in their opening fixture before a 4-0 defeat by Norway in October.
Playboy's circulation has dropped from 5.6 million in the 1970s to the current 800,000. The company's management team says the internet means that pornographic magazines are no longer commercially viable. Many of you think it is a most welcome move and might even help encourage a more respectful portrayal of women in the media.
Sturm won a split decision after a superb fight with two judges favouring Sturm by 116-112 and the other seeing it 115-113 for Macklin. Kell Brook kept his world title ambitions on course with a comfortable points victory over Lovemore N'Dou in his home city of Sheffield.
Jayalalitha was elected as chief minister of Tamil Nadu on four occasions. Her political career was marked by allegations of self-enrichment to fund an extravagant lifestyle. Critics say she encouraged a personality cult and fostered corruption in the state. In 2014 she was sentenced to four years in jail after being convicted of using her position to amass a huge property portfolio.
Lancashire Police and Crime Commissioner Clive Grunshaw says cuts will have a 'devastating impact' on community policing. The force has already cut Â£74m from its budget since 2010. The Home Office is yet to comment on the proposals.
Researchers found 49 cases of a globally threatened species becoming established as a separate population. These secondary populations could also be utilised in a way to reduce or halt the pressure on species' native populations, say researchers. Adopting a more creative approach to conservation could help slow global biodiversity loss, they added.
Mohammed al-Barghathi said he had decided to step down in the wake of the recent sieges by armed groups of the justice and foreign ministries. But he was subsequently told by Prime Minister Ali Zeidan not to present his resignation at a cabinet meeting. gunmen had demanded parliament pass the Political Isolation Law, which bars Gaddafi-era officials from office.
Mr Maduro said the room would be kept intact and a wing of the presidential palace turned into a monument to Mr Chavez's "Bolivarian revolution". Mr Chavez died of cancer last month. Presidential elections were called for 14 April, pitting Mr Maduro against main opposition candidate Henrique Capriles.
It's part of the show's 30th anniversary week, so two good reasons for a party. Choose a character to dress up as and pop down the local market to pick your outfit. If you really want to push the boat out, why not create your own Queen Vic.
Gnanduillet has made 98 appearances for Chesterfield since joining in 2013. The 23-year-old has played nine league games for the Spireites this season. The 6ft 4ins former Ivory Coast Under-20 international has also had loan spells at Tranmere and Oxford.
Kante made 37 appearances for the French top-flight side last season, scoring two goals. BBC Radio Leicester reports the 24-year-old will join the Foxes for a fee of about £6m. He will be new manager Claudio Ranieri's first signing for the club.
Medical Research Council team showed severely damaged organs in mice could be restored to near-normal function. They say the findings could eventually help people stuck on a waiting list for a transplant.Further tests are now taking place with human tissue. The team say tissue from livers unsuitable for transplant could be a source of cells.
The measures are outlined in the Digital Economy Bill, which was published on Tuesday. Ofcom would be able to fine mobile networks a maximum £20,000 a day, up to a total sum of £2m, if they fail to hit agreed service goals. A separate age-verification regulator would be told to publish guidelines about how sites should ensure their users are aged 18 or older.
The 71-year-old was crushed under the vehicle as she crossed Princes Street. She was crossing the road opposite the Waverley Steps and beside the Balmoral Hotel. The crash happened at about 12:15 and the road was closed for two hours. Police Scotland are keen to hear from anyone who witnessed it.
Of the 7,532 Spaniards interned at Mauthausen, only 2,335 survived. Enric Marco was exposed shortly before he was due to share a platform at the camp with then Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero. Marco claimed to have been imprisoned in Flossenbuerg.
TDC banned live animal exports in 2012 after the deaths of more than 40 sheep. The decision was overturned by the High Court in 2014 after a long legal battle. Two sheep drowned at Ramsgate in September 2012 and 44 had to be destroyed as they were sick and lame. TDC said the maximum payment under the policy was £1m.
Dale Carrick and Nicky Cadden scored in Livi's 2-0 win over Diamonds. Brechin City beat Stranraer to move to within a point of second place. East Fife won Barry Smith's first match in charge against Peterhead. Stenhousemuir beat Albion Rovers.
Edward Hardy played for decades but had not touched the keyboard for nearly 25 years. Staff at the home said when he started playing again he could play "amazing tracks to a ridiculous standard" His old bandmates David Payne, 67, Arthur Rice, 66, and Ron Foster, 88, got in touch for a reunion.
Genome sequence from a thigh bone found in Siberia shows the first episode of mixing occurred between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago. This is a key moment at the cross roads of the world, when modern humans were on the cusp of an expansion into Europe and Asia. The analysis raises the possibility that the human line first emerged millions of years earlier than current estimates.
The meeting's organiser, Louai Hussein, called for an end to the government's brutal crackdown on protesters. He said it was an unprecedented event, and that no such conference had been held in Syria for decades. The US state department said Monday's meeting was a "significant event", but the organisers were criticised by some opposition activists.
Social media videos shot in the Plaza Major showed injured fans and officers in body armour wielding batons. Footage posted online showed a group of officers being targeted with missiles and fans chanting "Gibraltar is ours" Police said eight Leicester fans were arrested for "causing a mess" on Tuesday night.
Steve Davies told AMs officials were "concerned" about the volume of early entry. It follows criticism from Education Secretary Kirsty Williams that children were being "banked" at lower qualifications. Mr Davies said the government wants to take action on the issue in the autumn.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier have been charged with attempted murder over the attack. The victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived. A judge entered not guilty pleas on behalf of both girls at a hearing on Friday. The two girls had been plotting for months to kill their victim in "dedication" to Slender Man.
A total of 276 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram in April 2014. More than 20 were released in October in a deal brokered by the International Red Cross. Over Christmas, 21 of the girls returned home for the first time. The girls were barred from going to their family homes.
The 36-year-old was taken to a London hospital in a critical condition. He died in hospital shortly after 07:00 GMT and his next of kin have been informed. A police spokesperson said they were treating the death as "unexplained" It is not believed that any other person was involved in the incident.
Toshiba says it expects a 712.5bn-yen ($6.3bn; £5bn) writedown because some of its US nuclear assets were worth far less than estimated. US firm has suffered huge cost overruns at two US projects in Georgia and South Carolina.
Maurice White, bandleader of Earth Wind & Fire, has died at the age of 74. They sold more than 90 million albums around the world. Several of their records went multi-platinum, and songs like September, Fantasy and After The Love Has Gone remain gold-plated disco classics.
It's hard to pick which bit of the show was the worst. But we must also mention the sing-song organised by James. And those awful-looking lunches. And of course, there's always the final episode of BBC1's Masterchef. But which one is your favourite? Let us know in the comments.
Nathan, 23, said he was worried being bisexual would be a problem with his male housemates. Chloe, 19, admits she "hooked up" in the house, despite going in "not looking to get with anyone" Vicky Pattison left Geordie Shore after nine series in October.
Trams ran in the city between 1904 and 1953 before being replaced by buses. In December, they returned to the streets with the opening of the Midland Metro service. At its peak, the original tram network ran 230 million passenger journeys every year from Yardley to Dudley, and from Erdington to Lickey Hills.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner says their title hopes are a "long shot" Mercedes' reliability problems gave them a chance, says Horner. Daniel Ricciardo and Sebastian Vettel are respectively 60 and 117 points behind leader Lewis Hamilton. Vettel finished second to Hamilton in Singapore while Nico Rosberg retired with an electrical failure.
9,000 people were killed and more than 8 million affected by the earthquake. It also caused massive damage to roads and buildings, with schools closed and people left homeless. But as time passes things are slowly starting to return to normal, and aid organisations are helping people get their lives back on track.
The 20-year-old had been due to go on trial for allegedly driving an Â£80,000 Porsche while banned. He has also been accused of attempting to pervert the course of justice and driving without insurance. At Glasgow's Justice of the Peace Court, it was said Mr Feruz was in training in Tanzania.
Otto Warmbier, 22, was arrested in January 2016 while visiting North Korea. He was given a 15-year prison sentence for attempting to steal a propaganda sign. North Korea had said his coma was caused by botulism and a sleeping pill. He has not spoken since his return to his family hometown in Ohio.
St Kitts stuttered to a draw with a second innings of 76-7, after England had declared on 379-6 at tea. Another two-day game follows but with an agreement for England to bowl and bat for 90 overs regardless of wickets. The first Test against West Indies starts in Antigua on 13 April.
The judges scored the contest 97-91, 99-89, 96-93 in favour of the Welshman. Evans stated before the fight that he wants a shot at WBO lightweight champion Terry Flanagan and victory over Ormond will improve his WBO ranking of ninth.
Six members of Cymdeithas yr Iaith blocked the entrance to Llandudno Junction. They want the Welsh government to adopt six basic policy changes. They are calling for Welsh-medium education and "fair funding" for the language. A Welsh government spokesman said they were disappointed by the action.
43 players, eight agents and 12 football clubs are under investigation by HMRC. HMRC has a dedicated team looking at image rights, football, other sports, and the entertainment industry. Officials also told the Commons Public Accounts Committee that HMRC had seven criminal investigations under way.
Gurney signed a new three-year contract with Notts on Monday. The 30-year-old joined Notts from East Midlands rivals Leicestershire in 2011. Gurney has since taken 306 wickets for the Trent Bridge club in all formats.
Mebyon Kernow lost deposits in all six seats at both the last general elections. A party spokesperson said the timing made it "impractical" to put together and finance "a meaningful campaign" Four councillors were re-elected at the recent Cornwall Council elections. The next general election will be held on 8 June.
Neighbours entered the burning property in Milford Drive, Dorset. They inhaled smoke and were taken to hospital with breathing difficulties. Police believe the fire had been started deliberately through the cat flap. Officers are appealing for witnesses or anyone with CCTV to get in touch.
The 29-year-old died from a cardiac arrest triggered by hereditary heart disease. He collapsed on the pitch during a match at London Skolars on 3 May. His widow, Lizzie, has asked people to wear rugby league shirts for the service. A fundraising campaign to support the couple's twins has so far raised Â£150,000.
The Nuit Debout movement has organised nightly rallies since 31 March. Mr Valls announced the new aid package during a meeting with student leaders. It includes a four-month subsidy for graduates who face financial hardship while seeking work. There will also be a state housing guarantee for people under 30.
The Labour MP was shot and stabbed after holding an advice session for constituents in West Yorkshire. She had campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU and championed the contribution of immigrants to British society. She was also an active supporter of Syrian opposition groups against the country's President, Bashar al-Assad.
The money is on top of £58m already allocated for 2014-15 to a sector which covers more than 230,000 homes. The extra cash for each county ranges from just over £700,000 in Cardiff to nearly £111,000 for Merthyr Tydfil.
Andre Andre gave Porto the lead after Asmir Begovic pushed away Yacine Brahimi's effort. Willian equalised on the stroke of half-time with a superb free-kick from the edge of the area. Maicon put the home side ahead with a flicked header at the front post. Diego Costa rattled the bar with a curling shot.
Palin, who turns 70 on Sunday, said it was "a very high honour" He is a founding member of world-renowned comedy troupe Monty Python. His other TV credits include include 1960s sketch show Do Not Adjust Your Set. He won a Bafta film award in 1989 for his supporting role in A Fish Called Wanda.
Prince Charles wrote to Labour ministers in 2005 urging a cull of badgers. The Labour government later rejected a cull in the English countryside. The coalition led by David Cameron gave the go-ahead for pilot culls in England in 2013. These are expected to resume for a third year in the Southwest this year.
Collision happened at about 12:35 GMT at Tamnamore, between junctions 13 and 14. Motorway has been closed in both directions, causing long traffic tailbacks. Police are urging anyone who witnessed the crash or saw the man's Honda Civic before the collision to contact them on the non-emergency number 101.
Carlsen beats Fischer in four games to win the World Chess Championship. The match took place in New York and was played in front of a crowd of 6,000 people. The winner will receive $1.1m, with the rest divided between the two players.
Lord Oakeshott has donated Â£600,000 to Lib Dem, Labour and Green candidates. He quit facing disciplinary action for commissioning research suggesting the party would do better without Mr Clegg. Berwick candidate Julie Porksen said his donation was just one of many.
Collision happened on the B976 Birse to Finzean road at 19:12 on Saturday. The 30-year-old driver of the Porsche was airlifted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary. Driver of the pick-up was uninjured. Police are appealing to anyone who witnessed the incident to contact them.
The five-week-olds are doing well but still need six feeds each day. The tiny patients aren't expected to be able to survive on their own until the summer. It's hoped they'll eventually be moved to a large, outdoor enclosure with a pool and will be fed live food.
Auditor General Huw Vaughan Thomas said he was unable to satisfy himself on whether the decision to make the deal was lawful. He said the decision-making process was not transparent and expressed "doubt" over whether it met EU state aid rules. NRW disputed the findings and said the contracts were lawful.
Plans include renovating the hidden theatre, dating back to 1875. Material from the BBC archives will be shown in revamped TV studios. More than 2,000 local residents were involved in a six-week consultation. The total cost of the project is £26.7m.
St Johnstone manager says he is happy at the club despite being linked with other jobs. Derek McInnes has chosen to remain at Pittodrie, despite having discussions about the Sunderland vacancy. The club's chairman, Steve Brown, has spoken of his surprise that no other club has come in for Wright.
The Republican nominee denied ever sexually assaulting women, but turned his fire on ex-President Bill Clinton in a bitter US presidential debate. The two also sparred on the conflict in Syria, Russian aggression, Trump's refusal to release his tax returns and his plan for the "extreme vetting" of immigrants from countries with links to terrorism.
James Maddison scores stunning free-kick as Rangers draw 3-3 with Hearts. Andy Halliday, Jonny Hayes and James Tavernier also on target for Rangers. Rangers boss Mark Warburton believes Tavernier made an "excellent tackle" on Hayes. Rangers remain in the bottom half of the Scottish Premier League table.
Routine monitoring by Argyll and Bute Council discovered raised levels of algal toxins in Loch Melfort and Seil Sound. Toxins accumulate in molluscs such as mussels, oysters, cockles and razor clams. When levels breach statutory limits, harvesting of affected species is prohibited.
The 28-year-old was a regular for the managerless Latics last season. He was one of seven players to be let go by the League One club in May. Jones previously played for Tranmere, Bury, Sheffield Wednesday and Crawley. Carlisle head of recruitment Lee Dykes: "We know what we're getting"
Barton's ban now expires on 1 June 2018, instead of 25 October 2018. The 34-year-old was banned in April after being charged with breaking FA rules. He placed 1,260 bets on matches between 26 March 2006 and 13 May 2016. Barton, who says he is addicted to gambling, appealed against the length of the ban.
David West junior, 45, stabbed his father, of the same name, in December 2014. The judge acknowledged he had been bullied extensively by his father. But he said the evidence against West was "overwhelming" and his father had been vulnerable when he was killed. The 70-year-old nightclub owner made his fortune from the booze cruise trade in Belgium and France in the 1980s.
Bai Yan, a 55-year-old police dog handler, has created a special home for service industry dogs. He has spent seven years and more than one million yuan ($150,000; Â£117,000) on the resort. The latest video about the home has been viewed more than 14.7 million times on video platform Miaopai.
Hoa Titcombe's husband James said he told Furness General Hospital staff "several times" his wife was ill. Midwives Catherine McCullough and Gretta Dixon are accused of failing to have Mrs Titcombe assessed. But midwife Caroline Duncan told the Nursing and Midwifery Council there was "no evidence" they knew she was sick.
Three sightings have been reported in recent days, in Laugharne, Carmarthenshire, north Pembrokeshire and Anglesey. Dr Peter Richardson, of the Marine Conservation Society, said Wales' waters were currently "turtle heaven" The turtles nest in the Caribbean before travelling to UK waters to feed.
The Boeing 767 bound for Miami experienced an "uncontained engine failure" The pilot aborted the take-off and evacuated everyone on board via emergency chutes. Twenty people suffered minor injuries, the fire department said. American Airlines said passengers who still wanted to travel had been put on another flight.
Yanis Varoufakis last week confirmed that he worked on a contingency plan in case emergency funding to the Greek financial system was cut off. But Mr Tsipras said on Friday that he had ordered the plan, adding it would have been "irresponsible" not to do so.
South Wimbledon and Queensway stations will be the first to see their staff moved from ticket offices into ticket halls and on to platforms. Transport for London said it would save £50m annually as it tries to save £4.2bn by 2020. But Manuel Cortes, from the TSSA union, said London Mayor Boris Johnson was "rushing through" the closures.
David Gallacher, 37, of no fixed abode, has been charged with assault causing actual bodily harm, assault by beating and two counts of racially or religiously aggravated assault. The 34-year-old Somalian woman was attacked outside the Co-op in Bletchley on 6 August.
Jung is hoping to seal the Rolex Grand Slam to earn the bonus. The 33-year-old delivered a fault-free cross-country round on his mount La Biosthetique. Great Britain's challenge faltered, with Emily King eliminated. She was second overnight but fell riding Brookleigh.
Everything Everything's third album, Get To Heaven, is mired in violence and destruction. Frontman Jonathan Higgs says he was inspired by the news of the year. He says the album offers no solutions, but Higgs wants it to be a call to arms. The album was overseen by Stuart Price, famous for his dance music.
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone said he was making a donation to a children's hospital. He said the money was not from him but from donations he had received over the years. The money was from donations made to the Bambino Gesu Foundation. The foundation was set up by Pope Benedict XVI to help children in need.
The characters have been revived for their first feature film in 35 years. Other familiar characters are also back including Charlie Brown's friend the Little Red-Haired Girl, and Snoopy's nemesis the Red Baron. Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy all spoke to entertainment reporter Genevieve Hassan.
Trenton Mays and Ma'lik Richmond, both 16, deny the charges. Judge Thomas Lipps also ruled the non-jury trial would be open to the public. He did so over the objections of the family of the 16-year-old girl who was allegedly attacked.
The elections in Africa's biggest oil producer come at a politically sensitive time. The rise of Islamist group Boko Haram in the north-east means security is at the centre of the campaigns for votes. Although 14 candidates are contesting the election, these two men are the frontrunners with most eyes on them.
Silverwood's side head the Division One table by 41 points with five games remaining. Only Notts, in 2005, have won the title following promotion the previous year. Only two of Essex's last five matches are at home, and they will have to manage without England batsmen Alastair Cook and Tom Westley.
Real politics will inevitably mean concession and compromise after a campaign in which both sides seemed at times to suggest it was a choice between Utopia and Armageddon. Politicians on the Leave side have already candidly admitted that some of their supporters will be 'disappointed' by the deal that emerges. On the Remain side there is palpable dismay bordering on despair.
The harmless corn snake was found in a van on March 8. It is believed to have been in the van for some time. The RSPCA is appealing for information about the snake's owner. The snake is now "fine and well" in an animal care centre.
John Sheridan took over as Newport County manager on Friday. His side were beaten 2-1 by Exeter at Rodney Parade. Sheridan said he was pleased with his side's performance. He said: "The endeavour and some of the football we played was really good" Click here for all the latest Newport County news.
Exeter City beat Crewe Alexandra 4-0 in their Championship clash. Lloyd James, David Wheeler, Jake Taylor and George Cooper scored for the Grecians. Charlie Kirk was shown a straight red card for a tackle on Jake Taylor. Ollie Watkins limped off injured in the first half.
Wajda made more than 40 feature films in a career spanning 60 years. His last film Powidoki tells the life story of the avant-garde painter Wladyslaw Strzeminski. The film was recently chosen as Poland's official entry for the best foreign language film at the 2017 Oscars.
The malware holds files on the host machine to ransom and demands a payment. The Independent said it had removed all ads on the site while it investigated. The malware exploits a security hole in Adobe Flash Player to install itself on a victim's computer. The vulnerability in Flash has since been patched, but anybody using an old version of the web browser plug-in could still be at risk.
Ibarguen, 32, went on a 34-meeting unbeaten run after finishing second in London in 2012. Her victory gives Colombia their second gold of the Games after weightlifter Oscar Figueroa. Yulimar Rochas of Venezuela took silver with 14.98m and defending champion Olga Rypakova of Kazakhstan settled for bronze.
The weir was built as a permanent wooden structure to catch fish as the tide ebbed. It was found by chance on the shore of Southampton Water in 2005. Radiocarbon dating has shown it was built in the 8th or 9th centuries. Experts from Exeter University said the results were "thrilling"
Kremlin's dreams of a US-Russian rapprochement were shattered by the American Tomahawk cruise missiles slamming into the Syrian air base. It is an unexpected reversal of fortune for Russia and President Vladimir Putin. Moscow's credibility among the leading players in the region is dented now. The most unpleasant thing for Mr Putin is Turkey's approval of the US strikes.
The 37-year-old was held at his home address under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000. He has been taken to a south London police station and is being questioned by officers from the counter terrorism command unit. Officers from the Metropolitan Police are searching the property.
Tom Lucking found the 7cm (2.8in) pendant in a field near Diss, Norfolk. It has been described as one of the "most elaborate...ever found" It was declared treasure alongside other items at an inquest in Norwich. Mr Lucking, 23, said the discovery "had certainly given me a good dissertation project"
The Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust was given the rating following an inspection by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) in September. Chief Executive Heather Tierney Moore said she was "proud" of the progress made since its previous inspection. The trust was set up in 2002 and has almost 7000 staff across 400 sites.
Mohamed Elneny should be available for Arsenal after making a quicker than expected recovery from an ankle injury. Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Kieran Gibbs are both fitness doubts and will be assessed. Matt Phillips is still nursing a hamstring problem and remains out for the fourth game in a row.
Jonny May and Courtney Lawes score first-half tries for England. George Ford and Owen Farrell add two penalties and a drop-goal. England had failed to beat the Springboks in their previous 12 meetings. England host Fiji at Twickenham next Saturday at 14:30 GMT.
"It doesn't make sense to ignore the fact that we are all getting older," says one man. "We are all going to have to get older" says another, "but we don't have to be older to get better" "It's time for a new generation of people to come out of the shadows," says a third.
James Nicol believes he was exposed to asbestos while working on council houses in the 1980s. The 85-year-old was diagnosed with mesothelioma in March this year. He claims Highland Council has turned its back on him by failing to reply to correspondence from his solicitor on his condition.
Joe Anderson's plans include reducing call centre opening hours and reviewing libraries. He also suggests opening car parks longer and introducing a premium service for bulky item collections. The proposals will be discussed by the city council's cabinet on 24 February. Mr Anderson said the cuts would mean job losses, stating that there was "no doubt that some frontline council services will be significantly reduced"
Spirit of Shankly (SOS) will vote on the issue on Saturday. Liverpool said their fans were in a "uniquely complex and difficult position" The requirement for all-seater stadiums in England's top flight came in response to the Hillsborough disaster, in which 96 fans were killed in a crush.
Teenager attacked Gwen Louden in the court's foyer in January. She had been told to leave the court by PC Louden but returned and assaulted her. The 16-year-old, of Dundee, admitted a charge of assault to injury. She also admitted breaching a community payback order.
Tommy Rowe scored in the last seconds of the first half to give Doncaster something to work with after the break. The visitors had done a superb job to stifle Doncaster's passing game with high-intensity pressing in midfield. Chris Porter rose unmarked but headed straight at Marko Marosi a matter of seconds before Doncaster took the lead.
Konta is the first British woman to reach a Grand Slam semi-final since Jo Durie in 1983. She beat China's Zhang Shuai 6-4 6-1 and next faces German seventh seed Angelique Kerber. Murray beat Spain's David Ferrer 6-3 6-7 (5-7) 6-2 6- 3. The Scot will play Canada's Milos Raonic on Friday.
Far-right candidate is accused of using campaign funds to pay for personal expenses. She denies the allegations and says she is only trying to raise money for the country. She is expected to lose the election to centrist Emmanuel Macron, who is also in the race for the French presidency.
The former Doctor Who actress joins US stars Kevin Hart, Jack Black and Dwayne Johnson, aka The Rock, in the new production. Gillan studied drama at Eden Court in Inverness. Her casting follows her securing a bigger role in Guardians of the Galaxy. Starring the late Robin Williams, Jumanji involves a magical board game.
The 17-year-old scored 330.70 in Kiev to finish ahead of Russian duo Anna Chuinyshena (326.90) and Iuliia Timoshinina (313.30) Toulson is expected to compete both individually and with Tonia Couch in the synchronised event.
Edward Alexander Lee, 34, was sentenced to three years on probation at Belfast Crown Court on Wednesday. Judge Gordon Kerr QC said it was the best way of protecting society and helping Lee to change his ways. Lee, originally from Whitehall Square, Belfast, pleaded guilty to a total of 15 charges related to child pornography.
July's anniversary of the Battle of the Somme is being marked at Powis Castle, near Welshpool. The basement has been turned into a replica trench to give a flavour of a frontline soldier's life. Central will be the story of Percy, the fourth Earl of Powis' son who died in the battle.
Donald "Chip" Pugh texted police a photo of himself and wrote: "Here is a better photo that one is terrible". Police in Lima, Ohio, posted the photos to their Facebook page and asked for help in locating Mr Pugh. Police said he is a person of interest in several cases and his warrant is for his failure to appear in court.
The man reportedly shouted "Allahu Akbar" ("God is greatest") during the assault outside a police station. He died after being shot by officers. The so-called Islamic State group called him one of its "soldiers" Belgium has been on alert since bomb attacks on the city's airport and subway system in March killed 32 people.
UBS is suspected of "complicity in illegal sales practices" It allegedly set up a shadow accounting system that masked transfers between French and Swiss bank accounts. Under French law, being placed under official investigation means there is "serious or consistent" evidence to implicate a suspect in a crime. UBS said it was cooperating with authorities.
Private rents "eat up" more than 50% of a family's monthly earnings in 23 out of the capital's 33 boroughs. Shelter said the "rent trap" in the private sector leaves families unable to save towards buying a home. Boris Johnson said: "I think it's very important that we expand the supply available"
Councils relying on agency workers to cover nearly 4,000 out of 5,500 otherwise empty posts. Local authorities say social workers leave for better pay as agency staff. Department for Education says it is investing £100m to recruit graduates and professionals. Havering in east London saw the biggest percentage fall in the number of social workers.
B&M reported like-for-like growth of 1.1% for the 13 weeks to 27 June. That was markedly lower than the 6% recorded in the same period last year. The company now has 450 outlets in the UK and plans to open a total of 80 this year.
GSK says it will adopt a graduated approach linked to a country's wealth. The company will still seek full patent protection in richer nations. In the world's poorest countries, it will allow other companies to make generics or cheaper copies of its medicine. GSK's sales rose 2% to £6.29bn in the quarter.
The child, who cannot be identified, suffered hypoxia due to a delay in her delivery at Antrim Area Hospital in 2007. The settlement was reached in a compensation claim against the Northern Health and Social Care Trust. The figure of £5.3m covers damages and the costs of past and future care for the child.
Eric Monkman and Bobby Seagull will present Polymathic Adventure on BBC Radio 4. The duo became friends during filming, despite being captains of rival teams. The pair are set to explore whether being highly intelligent is actually a useful quality. They will discuss whether it's possible to be a useful polymath.
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says more attention must be focused on regions where too many schools are "languishing in mediocrity" More than 400,000 pupils in the North and Midlands go to a school that is "less than good" Report highlights concerns about a north-south gap - with stronger GCSE results in London and the South.
The report was commissioned by former PM David Cameron in the wake of the Tower Hamlets election fraud scandal in 2015. He said the review had heard evidence that in a London borough at the general election someone arrived at the polling station with 500 postal votes. "I'm very worried - I don't believe political parties should touch or handle in any way a completed ballot paper," he said.
Phoenix, 37, told Interview Magazine: "I don't want to be a part of it. I don't believe in it." The actor has been tipped for awards success The Master. He was nominated for an Oscar for his role as music legend Johnny Cash in Walk The Line.
Jamie Spendiff, 26, admitted killing Craig Logie, 36, on a stag night. Mr Logie suffered a brain injury and fracture to the back of his head. CCTV footage showed the victim lying motionless on the ground after the assault. Spendiff also took part in a further assault on other men with a co-accused.
Sunderland beat Everton 3-0 at the Stadium of Light on Wednesday. Patrick van Aanholt's free-kick and two close-range strikes from Lamine Kone sealed Sunderland's survival. Everton are 12th in the table with one win from their past 10 league games.
Individual world champion James Guy swam a superb final leg after Dan Wallace, Robbie Renwick and Calum Jarvis had put Britain in contention. The US were led off by swimming great Ryan Lochte but could not hold on. Britain clocked a time of seven minutes 4.33 seconds to claim the nation's first ever men's relay gold at a World Championships.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service at Halfords Autocentre in Plymouth in March. On its return he discovered the dashboard camera recorded footage of his car being driven 57 mph in a 30 mph zone. Mr Ingram said the camera was in plain sight on the windscreen and was not left on to "catch anybody out" during the service.
The four drove a vehicle into the compound in Karakax county. They set off explosives that killed one person and injured three others. The area, predominantly Muslim Uighur, has suffered years of unrest. Human rights groups accuse the government of repressing the Muslim community.
Barclays said it had seen slow progress with its so-called non-core businesses, which it is selling. Losses for the package of businesses more than doubled to £337m. Profits before tax dropped 10% to £1.43bn for the July-to-September period.
Oscar-winning actress Sandra Bullock among stars at premiere. Three of the main stars - Bob, Kevin and Stuart - also star. Minions opens in cinemas on June 26. BBC entertainment reporter Chi Chi Izundu sent Newsround this report from the star-studded premiere.
President Trump to give his first address to a joint session of Congress. He is expected to set out in greater detail his plans to cut spending and boost the economy. Mr Trump has said his proposal to increase the defence budget by $54bn (Â£43bn) would be paid for by a "revved up economy"
More than a third of people in the UK say they would like to see an increase in the number of women working in the public sector. The majority of people also said they would want to see a reduction in the amount of women in the work force. More than half of those surveyed said they wanted to see more women in work.
Dressed in a suit, he handed out currencies in exchange for sterling. He then emptied the safe into a bag before walking out of the store. Police said they were still searching for the man, described as in his mid 20s or 30s. He is described as Asian and of slim build.
Research by the Centre for Mental Health and the Howard League for Penal Reform. Majority of prisoners have multiple and complex needs, including poor mental health. Report claims staff shortages, a "toxic" working environment and a failure to recognise the impact of prison on both prisoners and staff contribute to an "unsafe environment"
Wales fly-half Dan Biggar has agreed a new deal with the Ospreys. The 26-year-old's current deal was due to expire at the end of this season. Biggar is the first of Wales' 17 dually contracted players to re-sign.
Some of London's Christmas traditions have been going on since Victorian times. This year's theme has been called The Spirit of Christmas, a reminder of the city's "festive heritage" Click through the images to see how things have changed over the past 170 years and see how they compare to today.
Brandon Flowers is the frontman of stadium rock superheroes The Killers. The 33-year-old is softly-spoken and full of nervous energy. He spent a year recording the album in Las Vegas and Los Angeles with producer Ariel Rechtshaid (Haim, Vampire Weekend)
Omar Al Shaikh and Amie Cresswell, both 16, tied the knot in front of family, friends and patients on a ward at the Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham. Omar was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia after fainting during a football match.
Richard Di Natale, head of the left-wing Australian Greens, argues reducing hours would boost productivity and allow workers more time with family. The Gambia recently scrapped its four-day working week. In 2008, about 17,000 government officials in the US state of Utah started working four 10-hour days.
British swimmer Burnell was disqualified for two yellow cards. The 23-year-old said officials had "no idea what they are doing" Greece's Spiros Gianniotis initially given the win before being downgraded to silver. British Swimming did appeal against the decision, but that was dismissed.
Glamorgan were beaten by Northants in their opening game of the season. They then lost to Worcestershire by eight wickets in their second match. Head coach Paul Rudolph says his side are still in the hunt for a win. He says they have a good blend of senior players and young talent.
Profits for the three months to March rose to $3.8bn (Â£2.6bn), compared with $2.1bn for the same period in 2015. Shares rose 3.2% in New York, but are still 11% lower than this time last year.
Stefano Brizzi, 50, denies murdering PC Gordon Semple, 59, but admits disposing of his body. The pair met on gay dating app Grindr for sadomasochistic sex. Mr Brizzi said PC Semple appeared to be "very happy" to be with him.
Haigh had been on the board since GFH took over at Elland Road in December 2012. He attempted to take charge of the club through his Sport Capital consortium but the deal collapsed in January. West Yorkshire Police confirm they are investigating allegations of funds being misappropriated for the purchase of technical equipment.
Thanet District Council said it was considering a 2% rise in the authority's part of the council tax. Councillor Rick Everitt said the council had seen a 28% reduction in government funding over the past two years. The council said figures from the Department of Communities and Local Government showed it was likely to be left short of £580,000 for the next financial year.
Pedro Sanchez has been trying to secure support for a coalition with the centre-right Ciudadanos party. Acting PM Mariano Rajoy said a Socialist-led coalition would be a threat to Spain's national interests. Sanchez needed an absolute majority in Wednesday's confidence vote but lost, with 219 votes against, 130 in favour and one abstention.
Gatland's side conceded 16 tries in the three Tests, scoring five. It was Wales' heaviest loss for nine years and their 29th in a row against the All Blacks. Hansen says Wales should not be judged on their performance in Dunedin. Wales have conceded 21 tries in their last four Tests, including 27-13 defeat by England.
Crash happened at about 13:00 GMT on the A607 in Waddington. Ambulance was responding to an emergency call and had its blue lights on. Four people, including the two ambulance crew, were taken to hospital in Lincoln. The trust said it was "working with Lincolnshire Police to support their investigation"
Concerns had been raised over readiness of the two countries to co-host the competition amid threats of fan violence and racism. But in a BBC Sport interview, Pohorecki said Euro 2012 had been a big success. He added he had been "surprised" by the BBC Panorama programme days before the tournament.
The SNP defended MP and MSP Mr Salmond saying he was on constituency business. A spokesman said there was "nothing in the PM's statement which was of surprise or new" The former SNP leader visited the Scottish National Portrait Gallery where he unveiled a painting by artist Gerard M Burns.
Extending the line is already being examined as part of a wider study of transport issues in southern Scotland. Campaign for Borders Rail said that could provide a "new strategic link" in the national network. Report claims that extending the railway was the "only realistic proposal" to address economic and social problems faced by the Scottish Borders.
The idea will be looked at as part of a wider study of transport issues across southern Scotland. Campaign for Border Rail said they would have preferred a report looking solely at rail services in the area. However, they said it was welcome progress nonetheless. It is hoped the study can get under way later this month and take about seven months to complete.
Breezie offers a simplified interface for a standard Samsung Galaxy tablet. It can be customised to make sure it has the settings and apps the customer wants, rather than a bunch of preset ones they will never use. Expert in design for the elderly says we need to get the basics right first.
Four crossings between Douglas and Heysham have been cancelled. The Ben-my-Chree made contact with the King Edward Pier on Sunday. The Isle of Man Steam-Packet Company confirmed no passengers or crew were injured. Chief executive Mark Woodward apologised and said it was an "unfortunate incident"
Set two years later on from This is England '86, the two-hour drama will deal with the aftermath of the events in that four-part series. Channel 4 has also confirmed that This Is England '90, set in the rave era, is currently in development.
The five-member committee also includes former Conservative Home Secretary Michael Howard. It will be headed by Lord Burns, the most senior civil servant in the Treasury between 1991 and 1998. Campaign for Freedom of Information says the panel does not include any advocates for transparency. It suggests changes will see more requests being refused, resulting in "bad decisions"
Ricky Burns defeated Julius Indongo by unanimous decision. Indongo was unbeaten in 21 fights prior to this unification contest. Burns' dreams of a further unification bout against Terence Crawford in Las Vegas are in tatters. The 34-year-old says: "The better man won on the night, no excuses"
Refugees and asylum seekers spend their spare time doing conservation work in the Mourne mountains in County Down. Volunteers rebuild dry-stone walls and repair mountain paths. With about 100 Syrian refugees expected to arrive in Northern Ireland before Christmas, the volunteer scheme could soon play a bigger role.
The blaze in Aberdeenshire town's High Street claimed the life of 43-year-old Gordon Graham. Barry Henderson, 41, from Fraserburgh, was charged with murder and attempted murder. He made no plea and was released on bail at Peterhead Sheriff Court.
Victim threatened with a knife by two men who tried to force him into a car. Norfolk police issued an e-fit earlier this week in an attempt to track down the two men, who fled the scene in a dark-coloured people carrier. A Ministry of Defence spokesman said safety of personnel was "paramount"
Mid-range missile launch took place near the eastern coastal city of Wonsan. The missile "crashed a few seconds later" in the coastal area. It is thought to be the second test of the North's new Musudan missile. An attempt earlier this month also failed.
Holyrood's finance committee has published its report on the government's draft budget. It marks the first use of new tax powers, but parties have failed to reach consensus. Finance Secretary Derek Mackay says he is "positive" about winning opposition support for the budget. But other party leaders have warned "it's not looking good" for a deal to be struck ahead of the Stage One vote on 2 February.
The European Data Relay System (EDRS) will use a laser to gather pictures of the planet taken by other spacecraft. The first node in the network is a telecommunications satellite that was launched from Baikonur, Kazakhstan. EDRS will debut with the European Commission as its anchor customer.
Fetuli Talanoa scores twice as Hull thrash Salford at home. Sika Manu, Josh Bowden, Jack Logan, Jamie Shaul and Gareth Ellis also score. Pat Richards scores all 10 of Catalans' points in the first half. Hull top the table ahead of Wigan.
The next public consultation in the Greater Manchester Spatial Framework (GMSF) scheme was due in September. Regional mayor Andy Burnham promised to revise the plans following protests from affected communities. The revised plans will be announced "in due course", the mayor's office said. The BBC understands council leaders are not expecting the next consultation to take place until next year.
Virtus is replacing Osprey armour and is described by the MoD as "one of the most advanced integrated body armour and load carrying systems in the world" But soldiers say its webbing - where ammunition and kit is stored - has been snapping. MoD said it was working with the armour's supplier to make improvements.
Gordon spent eight years at Stoke before dropping into non-league football. The 22-year-old has scored 11 times in 18 games in the seventh tier this season. He will join the Premier League champions' under-23 side for the rest of the season. Former Leicester player Stan Collymore began his career with Stafford.
Entertainers Starkidz were "cornered" by the gang after a Christmas lights switch-on in Formby, Merseyside. The performers, including one as young as 13, were abused, with one punched and another threatened with an airgun. The elves have received dozens of messages of support via social media from parents.
The parade by Veterans for Justice UK is now set to take place in Coleraine. The original plan was to hold the march in Derry on the same date. Relatives of Bloody Sunday victims objected, saying it was an "insult" to the people of the city.
Le Saux played 513 games for Chelsea, Blackburn Rovers and Southampton. His desire not to live the archetypal footballer's life led to unfounded accusations. The rumours surrounding his private life came to a head when Le Saux and then Liverpool stiker Robbie Fowler clashed at Stamford Bridge.
Discovery described as "extremely significant" by archaeologists. Animal remains, quern-stones used for grinding corn to make bread, weaving and metalworking materials were also uncovered. Students were taking part in the Durotriges Project, an archaeological field school run annually by Bournemouth University.
Action on Hearing Loss Cymru said its south east Wales support service is one-of-a-kind. It said "demand outweighs supply" for its two advisers and the referral process is "problematic" The Department for Work and Pensions said it had a number of relevant "tailored" services and funded others for those who need extra help.
Mourinho wants to keep his squad together for the rest of the season. United are sixth in the Premier League, six points behind leaders Chelsea. The Old Trafford club have spent £480m on players since Sir Alex Ferguson's retirement in 2013. The club have also spent a world record £89m on midfielder Angel di Maria.
IPPR says SNP tax plans would raise £300m and Conservatives £0. Scottish Lib Dem tax pledges could result in added revenue of £750m. Scottish Greens of up to £950m. New finance powers heading to Scotland in April 2017. Each of the five Holyrood parties have been outlining their tax and spend plans.
Two other former executives, as well as the camera firm itself, filed a guilty plea in Tokyo District Court. The three admitted to hiding losses dating back to the 1990s, which were brought to light by a former chief executive, Michael Woodford. Mr Kikukawa said he regretted not revealing the accounting irregularities earlier.
The journalists deny collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood. They were sentenced to up to 10 years in prison in July 2014. Their convictions for spreading false news were overturned and they were freed in February to await retrial. Mr Greste was deported to Australia and is on trial again in absentia.
Joshua Bwalya, who was 16, was found dead in the street in Barking. A boy, 16, and a man, 20, suspected of involvement were also injured. The teenager has since been discharged and released on bail. The 20-year-old has also been discharged from hospital and is being held.
Kruis was part of a 32-man training squad that gathered at England's training base on Sunday. The second row had been an ever-present part of Eddie Jones' England side in 2016 before being ruled out of autumn Tests wins over South Africa and Fiji. England's autumn Test series continues against Argentina at Twickenham next Saturday.
Dengue is a mosquito-borne disease which is prevalent in sub-tropical and tropical regions. It is a major cause of illness worldwide, causing about 100 million episodes of feverish illness a year. An infected person can feel tired for up to three months, but will not usually need treatment.
Heritage Lottery Fund has given Naseby Battlefield Project £9,900. The group will then apply for a grant to build the centre. The battle took place on 14 June 1645, when the army of parliament destroyed the King's army in fields just outside the village.
The 24-year-old joins on a free transfer from Olympiacos. Bouchalakis had been expected to sign a loan deal with Forest. But he impressed in training and in friendlies with Notts County and Mansfield. He has signed until 2020 and is owned by Forest owner Evangelos Marinakis.
Unidentified jet dropped cluster bombs on Dablan, south-east of Mayadin. UK-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll at 30. It comes only two days after a US-led coalition strike reportedly killed 42 detainees at an IS prison. The coalition confirmed it had targeted "IS command-and-control elements"
Denise White is the founder of Something Special, a musical and creative arts group that educates almost 100 students with learning disabilities. The Unsung Hero award was launched as part of this year's BBC Music Day on Friday 5 June. It is a nationwide celebration of music, aiming to bring people together across generations and communities.
Bromyard Community Hospital in Herefordshire is drafting in help from the Philippines and Europe to bridge the 80-post gap. It comes after staff agreed to work extra hours to save the in-patient ward from closure. The Wye Valley NHS Trust, which runs the hospital, said this was a temporary measure.
Sgt Elchai Teharlev, 20, died at the scene, while the second victim, aged 19, was reportedly lightly injured and taken to hospital in Jerusalem. Local media have named the driver as 22-year-old Malek Hamad, from the West Bank town of Silwad.
The pair appeared in front of thousands of fans at a news conference in Los Angeles. Mayweather, 40, said he was an "old man" but "still had enough" to beat McGregor, who has never boxed professionally. The pair will appear at further promotional events in Toronto, Canada, on Wednesday, Brooklyn, New York and London on Friday.
Downing Street says the payments were made by the Prime Minister's mother to "even out" the inheritance payments made to her children following her husband's death. The UK's tax law is not governed by a "morality code", it is based on statute and is structured so that people pay no more than they are legally obliged to.
St Botolph's Church, known as Boston Stump, was badly damaged following a tidal surge in 2013. Floodlights were replaced but the switch-on was put in doubt when two lights were stolen. The lights were switched on by BBC Radio Lincolnshire presenters Carla George and Scott Dalton.
The attacks, occurring from 2011 to 2013, are believed to have been co-ordinated from Iranian companies. It is the first time the US is charging people associated with a national government. The charges carry a maximum sentence of 10 years in prison for conspiracy to commit and aid and abet computer hacking.
The 18-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at Oxford. Oxford were keen to extend the deal for the entire season. Wales Under-19 international has opted instead to move to Shropshire. He has scored twice for Oxford this term, both in knockout competitions.
The Faraday Lecture Block dates back to the 1960s. The university says its "tired and monotonous design" means it has become an eyesore. Work on the 11-month project is due to start in January. The majority of construction will take place during the Easter holidays and summer.
The latest stage of the government's auto-enrolment programme has seen a 95% compliance rate among small businesses. All employers will eventually need to offer pensions to anyone who is over the age of 22 and who earns more than Â£10,000 a year. The introduction is a gradual process with 66% of employees now signed up.
Rick Edwards, of Higher Green, South Brent, was given a 12-month jail term suspended for two years. The 20-year-old was also given a year's supervision order to prevent further offending. The blaze at the former Pontins resort at Brixham destroyed the 42-acre site in June 2014.
Wales Under-21 international Burns has scored one goal in 17 appearances for the Robins this season. The 21-year-old has previously had loan spells with Forest Green Rovers, Oxford United and Cheltenham Town. Burns could make his Fleetwood debut against Scunthorpe United on Saturday.
12,000 people will be chosen to carry the Olympic torch through some 300 Brazilian cities next year. The torch relay will begin in the Brazilian capital in May and will end at Rio's Maracana stadium in August, at the Olympic's opening ceremony. Each person will carry the torch for 300 metres.
At least two missiles were fired at a house in North Waziristan tribal region. It is the third such attack since new PM Nawaz Sharif won elections in May. At least six security personnel are reported to have been killed and at least six more injured in an early morning attack by militants.
Donald Swanson was born at Geise, near Thurso, on 12 August 1848. He was the youngest child of brewer John Swanson and his wife Mary. In 1868, the young man joined the Metropolitan Police. He rose through the ranks and earned promotions to sergeant, detective inspector and chief inspector.
Lauro Bertulano, Rebecca Jones and Natalie Jones all pleaded guilty to wilful neglect. They failed to check blood glucose levels at least every two hours on multiple occasions. Judge: "This was clear-eyed and calculated deception, the purpose of which was to make the defendants' working time easier"
Judge Carlos Castro Martins reversed the order he had issued in September. He had barred any work on the Belo Monte dam that interfered with the natural flow of the Xingu river. He said the company behind the project had subsequently shown its work would not harm local fishing. The project has been heavily criticised by environmentalists.
Two years ago there were 300 pairs of the rare seabird. This year there are just 190 pairs at Sea Palling, Norfolk. Little terns travel 3,000 miles from west Africa to breed on the UK coast. RSPB said colony is still the country's largest despite drop in numbers.
Pine martens were once common in Wales but were thought to be close to extinction by the 20th Century. 39 pine martens have been relocated to mid Wales in the last two years with a further 20 expected this autumn. The mother of the baby pine marten - also known as a kit - gave birth about a month ago.
Melissa Reid, 22, from Lenzie, near Glasgow, was arrested with Michaella McCollum, of Co Tyrone, after being caught with 24lb (11kg) of cocaine at Lima airport in 2013. They struck a plea deal for a reduced sentence of six years and eight months. Reid, who was expelled from Peru under an early release scheme, arrived at Glasgow Airport on Wednesday.
Since 2012, 5.4 million workers have been signed up to a workplace pension. But millions more people who work for small businesses or individuals have yet to be offered a pension plan. All employers are being warned that they need to offer pensions to anyone who is over the age of 22 and who earns more than Â£10,000 a year.
Ian Stewart, 56, denies murdering Helen Bailey at their home in Royston, Hertfordshire. Her body was found in July, dumped in a cesspit under the garage. Mr Stewart told a psychiatric nurse he had thought about taking his own life. He denies charges of murder, preventing a lawful burial, fraud and perverting the course of justice.
Performers from the comic opera L'elisir d'amore gathered outside. Theatre said the interruption was a false alarm and the show had restarted. People took to Twitter after being caught up in the real-life drama. They included Grace Mallon, Matt Innes and Michael Amon.
Dr John Hinds, 35, from Tandragee, died in hospital in Dublin on Saturday. He was involved in an accident while providing medical cover at a Skerries 100 practice session, the Motorcycle Union of Ireland said. Dr McSorley told BBC NI's Good Morning Ulster that an investigation into the cause of the accident was under way.
Brendan Foley played 201 times for Munster and 62 times for Ireland. He won five All Ireland League titles with Shannon RFC. Foley was a stubborn back-row forward who would never take a backward step. He had a sixth sense, an uncanny ability to be in the right place at the right time.
The app samples wireless signals to see if data is flowing uninterrupted. It is released alongside research which suggests wi-fi in six million homes and offices is not running as fast as it could do. Ofcom said there had been "good progress" on the availability and use of telecoms services.
The 2008 champion from Portrush warmed up for next week's Open at Royal Troon by finishing on nine under and five behind winner Alex Noren of Sweden.Padraig Harrington was six under after a 71 while Belfast's Michael Hoey was back on four over following a 72.
The process involves growing someone's cells in an incubator and then mixing them with a liquid. The liquid is then 3D printed into the jelly-like shape needed. It is then put back in the incubator to grow again until it is ready to be used on humans.
Palau became independent in 1994, after being part of a United Nations trust territory administered by the US for 47 years. It relies on financial aid from the US, provided under a Compact of Free Association. The US retains responsibility for defence and the right to maintain military bases there.
Lorenzo Insigne's deflected 25-yard shot gave the hosts the lead. Giacomo Bonaventura levelled at the far post five minutes later. Napoli, chasing their first league title since 1990, are a point behind Juventus, who drew 0-0 at Bologna on Friday.
Uptown Funk's original writers were listed as Ronson and Mars, plus co-producer Jeffrey Bhasker and Phillip Lawrence from Mars' production team The Smeezingtons. Rapper Trinidad James and producer Devon Gallaspy also got a credit for the use of a sample of All Gold Everything.
Xi Jinping says China will not manipulate its currency to boost exports. He denies Beijing engages in hacking but says it will co-operate with Washington. Mr Xi will meet his US counterpart Barack Obama at the White House on Friday. He will also give a speech to the UN General Assembly in New York.
Labour MP Keith Vaz said Coca-Cola was marketing a "real health hazard" But Conservative city councillor Ross Grant said opening the sweet shop in 2013 "put him into the hypocrite category" Public Health England also has concerns about the marketing of Coke. Evidence shows that this type of advertising increases children's preference for and consumption of sugary drinks.
IPCC said Southwark Sapphire unit in south London "encouraged" victims to withdraw allegations to boost detection rates. Met Police said substantial changes had been made. Jean Say killed his son and daughter two years ago. He was given a 30-year minimum term at the Old Bailey.
The 47-year-old was found dead at an apartment in Yangon, Myanmar. His wife said he had been out drinking with another man before his death. The Foreign Office says it is working with local authorities to determine what happened. The man had been working at an international school in the city.
Palestinians were killed right across Gaza - a strip of land 40km (25 miles) long and 10km wide. The highest numbers lost their lives in Khan Younis, in the south of Gaza, and Gaza City in the north. The youngest to be killed was 10 days old, while the oldest was 100.
Britain's athletes won six medals, within the target range of five to eight set by funding body UK Sport. But nine sports failed to reach the standard set and will have to wait to see if their budgets are cut. The governing body may be a little disappointed that nobody got closer, but it's not a major under performance.
The new technology is meant to make NHS 24 more efficient. It is expected to cost Â£117m, more than 50% higher than the original estimate. Earlier this year, the planned June launch was pushed back to the "summer of 2016" It followed an earlier incident in which the system crashed.
Passer-by found two men unconscious and bleeding at the side of the road. One of the men died at the scene and the other is critical in hospital. Both are thought to be in their late 20s, West Midlands Police said. A finger-tip search of the area is under way, detectives said.
There is a real spring in the step of the smaller parties, buoyed by a general disappointment in their larger, more-established, opponents. UKIP's main target appears to be Heywood and Middleton, where they ran Labour very close in last autumn's by-election. The Tories, meanwhile, are just as worried about losing precious votes in the key marginals which will ultimately decide the result of the election nationally.
Welsh Water's HelpU social tariff could offer savings of up to £250 a year for its most disadvantaged customers. It is backed by the Welsh government and other organisations. Comes as the water company's half year financial report showed a strong overall performance for the six months leading up to September.
Joleon Lescott has responded to critics following his post-match tweet. The defender has told a fan to come to the training ground to meet him. Aston Villa lost 6-0 to Liverpool in their Premier League clash on Sunday. Click here for more Aston Villa news.
The 22-year-old Australian will act as cover at Allianz Park during the Rugby World Cup. Sarries could potentially lose Jamie George and Schalk Brits to England and South Africa duty at the tournament. Saracens begin the defence of their Premiership title at home to Sale Sharks on Saturday, 17 October.
Archbishop Martin said many in the church and society were "ashamed" of what had emerged at the home in Tuam. He added that "families are owed an apology" and that the church had repeated an apology it made in 2014. Irish children's minister Katherine Zappone said that 474 "unclaimed infant remains" from mother-and-baby homes were transferred to medical schools.
Three men deny conspiracy to commit burglary. A fourth denies conspiracy to conceal or transfer criminal property. Daniel Jones, 58, who has admitted his involvement in the heist, offered to take police to the stashed loot. Police found two bags, one containing jewellery and another precious stones at a memorial site for Sidney James Hart.
The Singing Sewermen have released a rewritten version of Deck the Halls. The song was recorded in a Victorian brick sewer in London. It is the third year in a row the group has recorded a version of the song. The group said fat should be put in a container and disposed of in a bin.
Steam Direct will let developers get their games onto the service without first having to win over audiences to a title. The process will require developers to submit the same sort of information they would need to open a bank account. Developers will have to pay a publishing fee, which could range from $100 to $5000 per title.
A 37-year-old Chinese man has been sentenced to 10 years in prison in Iran. The man is accused of gathering information for the U.S. and British governments. The State Department has called on Iran to release all those held on "fabricated" charges.
The trial of a man accused of sexually assaulting a woman has been adjourned until next week. The man, who has not been named, was found guilty of sexually abusing a woman. The court heard that the woman had been sexually assaulted by a man she met on the street.
Swedish researchers have discovered a new species of thrush in India. The Himalayan forest thrush is only the fourth species of bird discovered in India since 1947. The new species has been named Zoothera salimalii in honour of an Indian ornithologist.
McGregor and Mayweather will fight in Las Vegas on 26 August. The pair are on a four-day tour of the U.S., Canada and the UK. The Irishman has never boxed as an amateur or professional. McGregor's coach says he is improving all the time.
Ian Dickson, 48, was punched, kicked and hit with a baseball bat and a piece of wood over a period of 20 to 30 minutes. He suffered facial bruising, a collapsed lung and a fractured rib. Jordan McNab, 21, admitted a charge of assault to severe injury and danger of life.
Lewis-Francis took up the sport four months ago with the aim of competing at the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics. GB performance director Gary Anderson said it was a "tough call" to leave the 33-year-old out. Lamin Deen pilots GB1 in the four-man alongside John Baines, Joel Fearon and Andy Matthews.
Barry Joy, 56 and Daniel Timbers, 28, died in a "fierce fire" at digger bucket maker Harford Attachments in Norwich in 2015. Mr Timbers had been standing in for his father who was ill. Post-mortem examinations said the men died as a result of the effects of fire and inhalation of fumes.
Belmont, a Grade II* listed building in Lyme Regis, has been restored. It was owned in the 18th Century by Eleanor Coade, who built up a successful artificial stone business. Landmark Trust's craftspeople recreated any damaged or missing items at their studio in the Cotswolds.
Liverpool beat Leeds United 2-0 to reach the EFL Cup semi-finals. Divock Origi and Chris Woodburn scored the goals at Anfield. Woodburn's goal beat Owen's record by 98 days. Liverpool will find out who they play in the semi-final on Wednesday.
The London Legacy Development Corporation - which manages the publicly-owned stadium - has been told to publish details of the move. London mayor Boris Johnson, who oversees the LLDC, says he is "perfectly happy" with the decision. West Ham say it will prevent them "securing the best deal for taxpayers"
The Prince of Wales said religious freedom was a "choice between life and death" He said the scale of the problem was not limited to Christians, but to many other faiths. He urged people to remember the story of the Holy Family fleeing to safety in Arabia. He said: "We owe it to those who suffered and died so horribly not to repeat the horrors"
Education secretary launches consultation on new school funding system. Will remove local authorities from the process, with cash going directly to heads. Labour accuses the government of "dodging difficult questions" about who will lose funding in the changes. Department for Education says the current system is out of date and no longer reflect levels of need.
Dividends on shares will be taxed at 7.5%, 32.5% for higher rate taxpayers and 38.1% for additional rate taxpayers. Vehicle excise duty (VED) is what you used to know as your tax disc before they were abolished. Insurance premium tax will rise from 6% to 9.5%.
Henry Blofeld helped to create a legacy that marks out TMS as the envy of the broadcast world. He is one of a handful of people - the others being Brian Johnston, John Arlott, Christopher Martin-Jenkins, Fred Trueman, Trevor Bailey and Peter Baxter - who made TMS what it is.
Real Madrid beat Real Sociedad 3-0 at the Santiago Bernabeu. Cristiano Ronaldo scored his 13th goal in his past 13 games. Alvaro Morata headed in Lucas Vazquez's cross. Inigo Martinez was sent off for two bookings.
Hindu women are targets for forced conversions, abduction and rape, activists say. The bill was passed on Monday by lawmakers in Sindh - home to many of Pakistan's three million Hindus. Pakistan's other main religious minority, Christians, have a colonial-era law recognising their marriages.
South Africa-born Catrakilis has previously played for Super Rugby franchises Southern Kings and Stormers. The 27-year-old joined the French Top 14 club in 2015 and was a member of the side which beat Quins in the European Challenge Cup final in May. He also won the Currie Cup twice with Western Province.
New explosions were seen on Sunday, with ash clouds reaching a height or at least 4km (3 miles) The Pacaya is one of three active volcanoes in the Central American nation. The other two are the Fuego and the Santa Maria. The Guatemalan authorities have issued an amber alert, the third highest.
Team at King's College London say looking at "biological age" is more useful than using a date of birth. Test looks for an "ageing signature" in your body's cells by comparing the behaviour of 150 genes. It could help predict when a person will die, identify those at high-risk of dementia and could affect medicine, pensions and insurance.
Lisa Bridgett, of Pwllheli, had been using the phone after the Ariana Grande concert on Monday when the explosion caused a steel nut to hit her. She lost a middle finger before the nut went through her phone and her cheek, ending up lodged in her nose. Her husband said the phone probably diverted and slowed down the nut.
Kremlin says Turkish troops were "guided by co-ordinates" from "Turkish partners" But Turkish military insists they had been advised of their position for 10 days. Russia and Turkey are working together to drive the Islamic State group from al-Bab. At least 38 civilians have been killed by Syrian government forces in the past three days.
Draft Sustainability and Transformation Plan for Merseyside and Cheshire released on Wednesday. It aims to address a potential funding gap of £908m in the area by 2021. Plan suggests merging Royal, Aintree and Liverpool Women's Hospital into one new trust by April 2018.
The Sagitaire and the Saint Christophe were rescued in the early hours at Town Quay, Dartmouth, where they had taken refuge from storms. A boom was placed round the vessel by the Dart Harbour Authority vessel, Hercules, to prevent an oil spill. There were 10-15,000 litres of diesel oil on board, but only five litres had escaped.
Emergency services were called to the property in the Sangomore area of Durness. Police Scotland said it was not known if she was in the house at the time. Det Insp Richard Baird said the fire was not thought to be suspicious. He said: "Enquiries are at a very early stage, but there are no suspicious circumstances"
Services were halted near Woking, Surrey, on Thursday night. 60 trains out of London Waterloo were affected by the signalling fault. Further delays were caused when passengers went on the track, meaning power to the rails had to be turned off. A group of passengers, including a heavily pregnant woman, said they were challenged by police at the exit gates.
The men, along with a fifth man, were caught after firearms, ammunition and cocaine were found in a car arriving at Folkestone from Calais in January 2012. They were convicted of firearms and drugs charges on Monday after a six-week trial. At Woolwich Crown Court they were given prison sentences ranging from six-and-a-half years to 14 years.
Eric Bikubi, 28, and his partner Magalie Bamu, 29, have been convicted at the Old Bailey of killing Kristy Bamu. The couple, who live in Newham, acted after accusing Kristy of controlling and adversely influencing a young boy, the jury was told. They originally came from the Democratic Republic of Congo, where witchcraft is called Kindoki.
Small businesses could be our Achilles heel when it comes to cyber-security. 60% of small businesses have suffered some form of successful malware attack. Criminals recognise that smaller businesses can often be a way of reaching onward to the larger firms. The weakest part of a chain is where you should attack.
Hoover Candy stopped producing washing machines in Merthyr Tydfil in 2009. The company has been negotiating with the pension regulator and the PPF. Most, if not all, members of the scheme would see a reduction in benefits. Those under retirement age would receive an immediate 10% cut in their pension pot.
His body was found on concrete steps in North Street in the early hours of Sunday morning. He was treated by medical staff but was pronounced dead at the scene. Gardaí have appealed for information about the incident and are appealing for witnesses to call them on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
A 67-year-old was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident on the A7, a mile north of Stow. She had been driving a Volkswagen Polo which overturned after being involved in a collision with an Audi A6 at 16:35 on Tuesday. The male driver of the Audi and a second passenger in his car were taken to the Royal Infirmary in Edinburgh but they did not sustain life-threatening injuries.
David Davis and DUP leader Arlene Foster have been fond of talking about technology as the answer to Ireland's post-Brexit problems. But the Irish Foreign Minister Simon Coveney has now warned that technology isn't the answer. He argues there is a need for a wider political agreement.
Welsh Conservative MP David Davies warned attempts to block Brexit could lead to an early general election. He said he was disappointed that judges ruled ministers could not invoke Article 50 without MPs' approval. Mr Cairns said there was an "obligation" on all UK parliaments to give firms certainty.
Scientists say new material is more robust and hardwearing than previous efforts to create artificial cartilage. A traditional ink-jet printer combined with a specialised spinning-machine is used to make it. It could lead to bespoke cartilage created for individual patients. But one expert warned it was too early to be confident it would ever be used.
Bryan Huxford, who co-owns Humberside Airport, said he would soon reopen the pier as a traditional entertainment venue. The pier sold at auction in March but was put back on the market in May after the sale fell through. A public consultation is expected to start next week to gauge interest.
In 1986 the City of London was deregulated, turning it into a financial capital to rival New York. Big Bang allowed more competition; by ending the separation of dealers and advisors it allowed mergers and take-overs. By allowing in foreign owners it opened London's market to international banks. Many believe the Big Bang's legacy is a financial infrastructure with foundations too deep to be moved.
The 21-year-old moved to the Reds in 2014 after being let go by Watford. He made 82 appearances for Crawley during his three seasons at the club. He failed to score a goal during his time at the south London club. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
The 1500m race first began in 1997 but stopped in 2010 due to funding issues. The competition sees rowers from Durham University go head-to-head with those from Newcastle University. Durham captain James Styles said it was always good to have a "one-on-one" with their rivals.
Two British naval ships are shadowing the vessels. The Ministry of Defence said they would be "man-marked every step of the way" The deployment comes as a "humanitarian pause" in attacks on rebel-held eastern Aleppo in Syria begins. The temporary truce is part of a plan to allow civilians and fighters to leave.
The winners of this year's aerial photography competition run by online site Dronestagram have been announced. There were thousands of entries taken using drone cameras. The winners were selected by the judges - National Geographic deputy director Patrick Witty and Emanuela Ascoli, photo editor of National Geographic France.
The Nigeria international has been on loan at Qatari club Al Ain this season. Emenike becomes the club's second signing of the January transfer window, after Leeds defender Sam Byram. The 28-year-old has scored nine goals in 37 international appearances for Nigeria.
The raiders drove into the Metro Bank branch at Babbage Gate, Oakgrove. The cash machine was put in a dark 4x4 and the thieves drove off in that vehicle. Police are appealing for anyone with mobile phone footage of the raid to get in touch.
The English pairing of Judd Trump and Barry Hawkins topped Group C. Wales, with Mark Williams and Ryan Day, play Group B runners-up China A. Holders China B against Belgium and Thailand v Iran complete the line-up. At the previous event in 2015, teenage Chinese duo Zhou Yuelong and Yan Bingtao shocked Scotland's former world champion John Higgins and Stephen Maguire to claim the title.
Amy Simpson, 18, died when her car left the road near the village of Dalavich, on the banks of Loch Awe, on Tuesday. She was with four other women passengers who escaped without serious injury. Her mother Angela Simpson said her "gorgeous girl Amy" was "my best friend, my soulmate and my rock"
Former world number one finishes one shot ahead of Ollie Schniederjans. Stenson hit eight birdies in his closing round, including three in a row from the 15th. American Davis Love, at 53 seeking to become the oldest winner in US PGA Tour history, finished eight shots adrift.
A transcript leaked to German media revealed the frenzied final minutes. The pilot, locked out of the cockpit, shouted "open the damn door!" Recovery teams have so far only reached the mountainside on foot or by helicopter. The German Airline Pilots Association pointed out that the flight data recorder was still missing.
President Khama said he had personally ordered the pastor's arrest. Homosexual acts are illegal in many African countries. Mr Anderson was taking part in a morning show with a local pastor. The pastor's church says that homosexuality is an abomination punishable by the death penalty.
Scott Williams set to return for Scarlets against Toulon on 11 and 18 December. Wales prop Rob Evans is likely to play his first rugby of the season against Zebre following surgery on a wrist injury. Scotland flanker John Barclay is being assessed following his international spell. South African lock David Bulbring may need an operation.
Former QPR and Aston Villa striker is back playing in the Conference. He was released by his former club after being accused of match-fixing. The 32-year-old says he is happy to be back playing for a non-league side. He says: "I've decided to get back to what I love - playing football"
Railways across the UK are currently overseen by British Transport Police. The Scottish government said it would be more efficient for these duties to be integrated into Scotland's national police force. Rail unions have spoken out against the move, while police chiefs have warned that a merger could be "massively complicated"
The redundancy scheme formed part of the financial package attached to the Stormont House Agreement. Westminster government would allow the Northern Ireland Executive to borrow £700m over four years to pay off up to 20,000 public servants. A £200m portion would be used to cut up to 3,000 jobs in the Civil Service alone.
The 29-year-old has signed a two-year contract with the Dingwall side. O'Brien spent six months on loan at Ross County last season. The former Celtic and Motherwell midfielder may not be available to play in Friday night's Scottish League Cup encounter with Hibernian unless international clearance arrives in time.
The French Open champion was asked whether she knew which stars had been watching her play from the Royal Box at Centre Court. She said David Beckham was a "great guy" But what about Indian cricket legend Sachin Tendulkar? She did not know who he was. #WhoisMariaSharapova is now trending worldwide.
The abuse took place at Belmont House, in Baker Street, Greater Manchester. The home, which was also known as Belmont Assessment Centre, has closed. Police are appealing for anyone who worked or lived at the home during that period to call them on 0300 123 9090 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555 111.
Naming rights are among the powers set to be devolved in the Wales Bill. Labour's chief whip will call for the name to be adopted "at the earliest opportunity" The issue will be debated in the assembly next Tuesday. But some Tory MPs say the issue should have been dealt with years ago.
"It was very dignified but I would also say at the end it was quite emotional," he said. Mr Cairns praised David Cameron's leadership, even on a policy he personally opposed. He rejected calls for Theresa May to hold an early general election: "The last thing we need is more instability"
Advisory panel on creative industries recommends rejecting request for £6m. University of Wales Trinity St David wants to build a creative hub in Swansea. Council leader Emlyn Dole says comparison is 'completely inappropriate' Welsh Government, university and S4C have refused to comment.
Cornish Black honey bee is better at dealing with varroa mites. Mites carry a strain of a disease called deformed wing virus. The virus has killed vast numbers of the world's bees. Paignton Zoo is researching how the breed has survived the mite.
If accepted, the council would not have to pay the legal bill. The council has already spent more than £200,000 on the project. The plan is to build a sports centre and a prayer hall on the site. It is hoped the project will attract more people to the area.
Kardashian West was held at gunpoint and tied up by the robbers while staying at a hotel in Paris in October. The gang stole €9m (£8m; $9.5m) of jewellery, including a diamond ring valued at around €4m. 17 people were arrested in co-ordinated raids across France on Monday.
Muhammad Ali was the most remarkable sportsman in history. But he was also, at times, one of the most bigoted. He preached love but delivered hate on to men like Joe Frazier. Ali was, as he said, free to be who he was, but he was not free at all.
After returning to Leeds and then Wakefield in Super League, he accepted a second crack at union with Newcastle Falcons earlier this season. "I said anyone can be a success (in union) if they get the right coaching, and play to their strengths," Smith said.
The two children were allegedly snatched off a Beirut street earlier this month. The operation was being filmed by Channel 9's 60 Minutes programme. The children were returned to their father's custody. The case has been adjourned until Wednesday to allow the two sides to negotiate a settlement.
Cancer cells can be identified quicker, speeding up diagnosis times. The project is in collaboration with specialists in the US, Germany, London and Newcastle. Researchers train the algorithm to recognise the specific cell of interest by giving examples of the cell to be identified. The new method can also determine a cell's age, which is important because most treatments act on cells at a certain point within their lifecycle.
Harris-Wright, 28, won a European Champions Cup medal at Leinster. The club have also added Harlequins tight-head prop Tyler Gendall, 22, Jersey Reds back rower Nick Haining, 26, and Watsonians scrum-half Reiss Cullen, 20.
Martyn Graham, 58, also seriously injured two other motorists in the crash. A web cam in his cab showed the brake lights ahead for 17 seconds before the collision. Graham was not using a mobile phone, was not tired or ill, and had driven about two million miles over the previous years without incident.
Rics said the main reason was the stamp duty rise on 1 April. Number of new enquiries fell most dramatically in London, but also fell in nine other regions of the UK. Enquiries rose only in East Anglia, the North and Scotland. Most surveyors also reported a fall in new instructions to sell.
Nigeria is Africa's biggest oil producer, but most of its citizens are poor. Mr Buhari won elections in March, ending some 16 years of rule by the Peoples Democratic Party. He vowed to recover billions of dollars "stolen" under previous administrations.
The 2016 Rio Olympics GB Sevens silver medallist appeared to use a gesture and swear at referee Greg Garner. In a statement, Davies apologised to his team-mates, the fans, the Scarlets, his family and the rugby community. Scarlets say they will comply fully with "disciplinary procedures"
The 51-year-old was found in the grounds of her home in Royston, Hertfordshire. Her partner, Ian Stewart, 56, has denied murdering her. Pathologist Dr Nathaniel Cary said it was "possible that she was put down the well in an unconscious state and then drowned"
Olympic bronze medallist split the strong Chinese pair of Aisen Chen, who took gold, and Qiu Bo to improve on his bronze-winning performance in Windsor, Canada a week ago. Attention now switches to the European Aquatics Championships in London next month.
The county council plans to build 200 council homes and 300 affordable homes. The first will be built on the site of the former Custom House Lane School. The nearby "old dairy" on Mold Road is being flattened along with some terraced homes on the adjacent High Street. The former dairy has stood empty for more than 30 years.
Over a million tweets globally, using the hashtag #Bowie. Top 10 trending Twitter tags included #RipDavidBowie, #David bowie and #legend. Fellow musicians have been sharing their sadness on social media. And the conversations on Facebook continue with many fans recalling their encounters.
Singapore and Malaysia regularly suffer from haze caused by slash-and-burn practices by small-scale farmers and rogue palm oil traders in Indonesia. Mighty accuses Olam and its main stakeholder, Singapore state-owned investment company Temasek, of turning a blind eye to these practices. Olam has confirmed that it buys 99% of its palm oil from third party suppliers.
The Fourth Forum on the Development of Tibet is taking place in the Tibetan capital this week. Lord Davidson of Glen Clova, a Labour party front-bencher in the House of Lords, is in attendance. He is seen on camera telling a journalist from Chinese state-run media. Free Tibet, a UK-based group that campaigns for an end to what it calls China's occupation of Tibet, is outraged.
The Mako-type mackerel shark was recovered on Barmouth Beach on Friday. An average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length, can swim in excess of 30mph and can weigh up to 300lbs (135kg)
Scientists have struggled to explain the so-called pause that began in 1999. Latest theory says that a naturally occurring 30-year cycle in the Atlantic Ocean is behind the slowdown. But they caution that global temperatures are likely to increase rapidly when the cycle flips to a warmer phase.
Eric Hall's client list once included Dennis Wise, Tim Sherwood and Neil Ruddock. Hall: "Deadline day just gives people like me and the players extra ammunition" David Seligman: "You have to find the right balance between keeping the player happy and making sure the deal is not lost"
Eight houses on the A3055 on the Isle of Wight were evacuated in 2014. Local Government Ombudsman criticised council's response to the landslip. The council agreed to pay Â£5,000 compensation to the family. It also ordered to help pay the family's costs in returning their house.
Arsenal move up to third in the Premier League, nine points behind leaders Chelsea. Sam Clucas is sent off for handball from Lucas Perez's header in injury-time. Hull have now failed to score in 12 of their 25 games, more than any other side.
BBC Radio 4's File on 4 programme found 22 profiles belonging to child sex offenders. One profile belonged to Bruce Cordwell, 20, who groomed 15-year-old Kayleigh Haywood. Facebook has a rule that forbids convicted sex offenders from using its site. Six of the pages remained live three weeks after the BBC reported them.
Arsenal finish fourth in the Premier League after 2-0 win over Norwich. Aaron Ramsey and Carl Jenkinson scored the goals for the Gunners. Chris Hughton was sacked as Norwich manager with five games to play. Jack Wilshere and Abou Diaby came on for Arsenal in the second half.
Ex-Derbyshire skipper leaves his post as club president to take the newly created job. Graeme Welch left as elite performance director in June, having been appointed following a management revamp in 2014. A review of the "cricket pathway to the first XI" was undertaken.
Jennings was out for 48 on the fourth morning of the third Test against the Proteas. England play one more Test against South Africa, followed by three against the West Indies before they defend the Ashes. England have tried 11 different opening partners for Alastair Cook since Andrew Strauss retired in 2012.
Two reports criticised the regulator at the time for failing to take action. One of those reports, by barrister Andrew Green QC, said regulators should consider banning 10 former HBOS executives. A new investigation has now been announced by regulators. No details are being given as to the exact nature of the investigations.
The woman visited the accident and emergency department last week for treatment to a hand injury. The next day she was contacted on the social networking site by the man. He said he had been "checking her out" while she was being treated in hospital. The cleaner has been suspended and police are investigating.
According to the military, militants now control only small pockets within the southern Philippine city. But there are still reports of fighting on the ground and thousands of civilians trapped. 19 civilians are known to have died. Some were found dead in a ravine with gunshot wounds to their heads.
Southern urged passengers to tweet the RMT to tell them how they feel about strike action. The rail firm also took out newspaper adverts headlined Let's Strike Back. Most people who responded criticised the company rather than the union. The RMT said it believed the advert amounted to "targeted harassment"
Officers on patrol in the Drylaw area observed a green light coming from Marine Drive just before midnight. A 16-year-old boy and four females, aged 16, 17, 19 and 22, who were in two vehicles in Marine Drive, were arrested. Police Scotland said: 'The use of laser pens to distract or obscure the vision of a pilot is an extremely serious offence'
Remus Hamza, 41, was jailed for 12 years in February 2016 for raping the 20-year-old. He took his case to the Court of Appeal in London, arguing this was too severe. But judges said his appeal was "totally without merit" and gave him an extra 28 days in prison for wasting court time.
Batsman Godleman, 27, has signed a two-year contract with Derbyshire. Thakor, 22, has agreed a three-year deal with the county. Godle man this week scored 100 against former club Essex. Thaksor has scored 606 runs at an average of 67, and taken 22 wickets at anAverage of 31.
Arek Jozwik, 39, was attacked in Harlow, Essex, last month. Two Polish men were assaulted in the town a few days later. Polish officers are there to "reassure the community", Essex Police said. Police commissioner said there had been an increase in people saying "rude things to people who aren't British"
1.2 million British nationals in Australia, and 250,000 in New Zealand. Southern hemisphere votes have the potential to swing the knife-edge referendum. In some locations, such as Perth, up to 15% of the population was born in England. Some expats have been incorrectly told they need to pay to return their postal vote.
Windsor, Slough, Eton and Hounslow Athletics Club normally use the park's famous Long Walk for winter training. The Crown Estate now said the ground conditions are not suitable for the club's training sessions. Coach John Higgins said: "Mo Farah used to train with the club, and he used toTrain exactly on this venue"
The four shows will be on 28 June and 2 July, 2017, with tickets on sale from 7 December to members of her fan club. Take That hold the record for playing the most dates at Wembley, having staged eight nights of their Progress tour there in 2011. The previous record holder was Michael Jackson, who brought his Bad tour to the stadium five times in 1988.
Two Jesse Sene-Lefao tries got the Tigers on the way after Leigh had one of three scores ruled out by the video referee. All four of his tries were created by the potent left-side combination of Luke Gale and Michael Shenton. Jake Webster added a seventh Tigers try, their 101st league score of 2017.
The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013. Many of them can't be recycled and are often thrown away after they have been used. From October people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags in a bid to encourage them to reuse the ones they already have.
This was the third night of protests in the city, and the second with the National Guard on the streets, following the killing of Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday. The National Guard has been deployed to the streets of the city since the killing on Tuesday, and is expected to remain for the rest of the night.
More than 100 events have showcased the creativity, arts, history and culture of the LGBT community in the city. The parade was led by Mary Ellen Campbell, Belfast's first openly gay deputy mayor. The 'Pride Village', aimed at families and children, was a smoke and alcohol-free zone.
Karma Khayat and her TV station al-Jadeed accused of contempt of court for revealing details about witnesses. They deny any wrongdoing, and say they are fighting for freedom of speech. Five men accused of killing Mr Hariri remain in hiding, and are being tried by the tribunal in absentia.
Boris Johnson, the Mayor of London, announced on Sunday that he would be backing the campaign for Britain to leave the EU. His intervention in the debate was said to have helped cause the pound to slide on the international money markets. He has arguably the highest profile of any of the governing Conservative Party except David Cameron.
Paralympic star was jailed for five years in 2014 for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp. He was due to be released in August, but Justice Minister Michael Masutha made a last-minute intervention blocking it. Parole review board - the final recourse for parole disputes - met on Monday to decide if the star, 28, should be allowed out on house arrest.
Joshua Davies fell from a bridge near his home in Pontypridd, Wales. He fractured his spine in four places and is now in hospital in a casts. His family claims he has been bullied for the last five years. South Wales Police said it had carried out "a thorough investigation"
The group All Stars has just released a peace song entitled Dafa Dafa. The song combines a myriad of styles, and a mix of local languages. The band says it will not make money from the song, but hopes to reach the ears of the men in charge.
The Argentine-born film-maker died in hospital in Sao Paulo on 13 July. Babenco also directed 1987's Ironweed with Jack Nicholson and Meryl Streep. His most recent film was last year's My Hindu Friend, starring Willem Dafoe.
A robot arm builds "babies" that get progressively better at moving without any human intervention. The ultimate aim of the research project is to develop robots that adapt to their surroundings. The work by teams in Cambridge and Zurich has been published in the journal PLOS One.
Suffolk Family Carers, based in Claydon, near Ipswich, also received about 15 pieces of clothing. The charity is fundraising with BBC Radio Suffolk for a new mobile carers centre. St Elizabeth Hospice, which also has a shop in the town, said it was still deciding on how its clothing would be sold.
Hamisi Kigwangalla said homosexuality did not scientifically exist and was a social construct. Tweeters accused him of homophobia and infringing on the right to freedom of expression online. Homosexual acts are illegal in the East African nation and punishable by up to 30 years in jail.
Elderly man was spotted in the water at Leith at about 22:00 on Wednesday. He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary by ambulance for treatment, but later died. Police Scotland said inquiries into the circumstances surrounding this incident are ongoing. The incident is being treated as suspicious, police said.
Mansfield Town beat Dagenham & Redbridge 3-2 in the Capital One Cup. Oliver Hawkins, Matty Blair and Adi Yussuf scored for the Stags. Krystian Pearce was sent off and conceded a penalty for tripping Jamie Cureton. The striker fired over from the spot, but Matt Green scored the winner.
Northampton Town beat Coventry City 3-0 in League One on Saturday. Northamptonshire Police said six arrests were made when spectators invaded the pitch and a further three when flares were let-off. Coventry said the disruption was "unacceptable" Northampton declined to comment.
Stephen Archer, 51, was convicted of murdering his sister Julie, 49. Ms Archer suffered 95% burns in the attack at her home in Newton Heath. Archer was told he must serve a minimum of 27 years in prison. The family dog died in the blaze at the house in February 2016.
Richard Broughton, 37, died on Sunday after he was knocked down by a car. South Yorkshire Police has since recovered a vehicle in connection with the crash. A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and a 35-year -old man held for suspicion of violent disorder.
Washington made his NI debut in March and scored in his second game against Slovenia. The 24-year-old followed that up with another goal against Belarus on Saturday. Washington combined representing non-League St Ives between 2010 and 2012 with a job delivering mail. He then got his break with Newport before moving to Peterborough in 2014.
Bramall Hall dates back to the reign of William the Conqueror. The timber-framed hall and surrounding parkland was handed over to the local council in 1936. The transformation followed a £1.6m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund and £400,000 in council funding.
Richard Blake-Smith and his partner Anna beat Vytautas Kirkliauskas of Lithuania, carrying his wife, Neringa Kirliauskiene. The race saw all combinations of competitors - men carrying women, men carrying men and one woman carrying a woman. Rich and Anna will now compete at the World Championships in Finland in July.
So far 60 nations have ratified the accord, but not the US. The deal also bans arms supplies if this promotes war crimes or genocide. Five of the world's top 10 arms producers - Britain, France, Germany, Italy and Spain - have already ratified it. The global business is estimated to generate up to $85bn every year.
Great CityGames and Great Manchester Run will go ahead as planned. Chelsea cancel their Premier League victory parade, which was due to take place on Sunday. Gunners have also said they will not stage a parade should they win the final. Victims of the bomb attack are to be given six months' free accommodation.
The vehicles collided on Red Hill Way, Leicester, at 21:17 BST on Tuesday. Police said the 19-year-old on one of the bikes was killed. A 29-year -old man was arrested and remains in police custody. Officers have asked anyone with information about the collision to get in touch.
His career-best 9-95 helped Essex beat Middlesex by an innings and 34 runs. The victory over the reigning champions left Essex 29 points clear at the top of Division One in their first season back in the top flight. Harmer has now taken 47 wickets in eight matches this season.
In July, the Prisoner Learning Alliance called for early release for prisoners. The aim was to help them learn skills that would help them when they were released. The Trust is now looking at how to implement the new policy in the UK. It is the first time the Trust has looked at the issue since the 1980s.
Brazil's first female leader Dilma Rousseff was impeached by the country's senate. She was accused of manipulating government accounts to hide the scale of the budget deficit. But many people are describing her removal as a coup, albeit one carried out by politicians. Since the return of civilian rule in 1985, the army has unquestionably been back in the barracks.
Team Fast is a spin-off company from Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands. It has created the world's first bus that runs on formic acid. Formic acid is found in the stings and bites of ants and other insects. It can efficiently carry ingredients needed for hydrogen fuel cells, used to power electric vehicles.
Tom Queally, 30, from Oak Lodge, Newmarket in Suffolk was found asleep in his car in Cheshire in March. He admitted the charge and received the ban and a £1,350 fine at Crewe Magistrates' Court. But his lawyer, Nick Freeman, argued he had been forced to plead guilty because the law did not recognise the sleep walking argument.
Swansea council bought the Oceana building in May. It is understood it has been earmarked as the potential new home for the civic centre and central library. The building was originally constructed by the Rank Organisation in 1967 for a cinema. It has housed a number of nightclubs over the years, including Ritzy and Icon.
The one-year-old spaniel bitch was found on the A20 in Harrietsham, near Ashford, on Tuesday. Vets believe she has had her claws forcibly and traumatically removed, while her legs are covered in pressure sores and urine scald. The dog, which has now been named Flick, has already been offered a home.
The man, who is in his mid-30s and originally from County Tyrone, was shot in the Sunset House bar near Croke Park. It is believed he was known to GardaÃ­ for involvement with dissident republicanism. A burnt-out car, believed to have been used in the shooting, was found nearby in the Drumcondra area.
Cobilas is out of contract in the summer and has decided to move to France. The 32-year-old joined Sale in 2011 and became the first Moldova international to play in the Premiership. He joins Ireland fly-half Ian Madigan in moving to Bordeaux for next season.
Keatings made 30 appearances for Championship winners Hibs this season. The 25-year-old striker has played for three promotion-winning Championship sides in four seasons. United face Morton in the Premiership play-off quarter-final first leg at Cappielow on Tuesday, 9 May.
Remortgaging loans approved in July hit the highest level for nearly seven years. Mortgage approvals for house purchases also rose to a 17-month high. Both remain far below the peak of housing market activity, but signal an assumption of imminent rate rises despite market turmoil in recent days.
Chaudhry Muhammad Shakeel is accused of murdering Ms Shahid, 28. Her father is being held as an accessory to murder. Lawyers say they will apply to have the case dismissed due to a "complete lack of evidence" Both men were remanded into custody ahead of their next appearance in October.
Xiaoyu Zaijia responds to voice commands using a combination of pictures, text and speech. Unlike many rival AIs it is dependant on a touchscreen. It can answer questions, find local services, play music, make video calls and control smart home devices. Baidu Chief Scientist Andrew Ng said that artificial intelligence is "the new electricity"
Thames Valley Police caught 12 drivers on the A34 and M40 using phones. One driver was filmed for 30 seconds driving with no hands on the steering wheel. Comes after a lorry driver was sentenced to four years for killing a family-of-four. Tomasz Kroker pleaded guilty to using his phone while in charge of lorry.
The 21-year-old from Yorkshire fought back from a break down in both sets. Edmund reached a career-high ranking of 43 on Monday. He goes on to face Spain's second seed David Ferrer in Antwerp. The world number 12 is the top seed in the Belgian capital.
Bello Abba Mohammed is accused of diverting $1.5m meant to buy arms for soldiers fighting Islamist Boko Haram militants. President Muhammadu Buhari set up an investigation into the procurement of weapons for the military which found that phantom contracts worth $2bn had been awarded.
Robert Roche, 36, and his children set off from their home in Hove, Sussex. They were due to go to a day care in nearby Holland Road but did not arrive. Mr Roche is described as white, 5ft 10in (1.78m) with dark hair.
Almog Cohen and Dario Lezcano put Ingolstadt 2-0 up before half-time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reduced the deficit shortly before the hour mark. Adrian Ramos netted for Dortmund with 20 minutes left. Christian Pulisic headed home in added time to complete the comeback. Dortmund slipped to sixth place in the Bundesliga on 14 points.
Polling stations opened at 07:00 BST in Cheshire's 11 constituencies. Results will be available on your constituency profile page after the polls close at 22:00. For the latest news from all the election counts in the area, go to our election live service.
Scotland play India, the Netherlands, Pakistan and Canada in Pool B. The Blue Sticks are contesting their first ever World League semi-final. They are the lowest-ranked nation in the tournament, some way short of their opponents. Scotland skipper Chris Grassick has returned to the set-up having recovered from a cruciate ligament injury.
Three men in Suffolk and one in Shropshire have died after taking PMMA. PMMA is a highly toxic class-A drug. The chemical has been implicated in at least 22 deaths in the past year. There is no way of testing if a pill contains PMMA - and home-testing kits are not effective.
Judges said their work laid "an intellectual foundation" for policies in areas such as bankruptcy legislation and political constitutions. The pair will receive 8 million Swedish krona (Â£744,652) from the committee. The economics prize is the only Nobel not created by Alfred Nobel, and was instead launched in 1968.
A man aged 67 died in Giulianova, Abruzzo, after falling from a boat into icy water. A homeless man of 53 was found dead in a square in Canicatti, Sicily. Temperatures in Amatrice, Lazio, and Arquata del Tronto, Marche, are set to fall as low as -6C on Tuesday night.
The research will be carried out with four leading academic and industrial gene-research centres across the world. It will be the first concerted use of an emerging technique called Crispr to "snip out" specific disease genes in order to discover drugs. The technique is cheaper, faster and more accurate than current methods.
The new stand will have a capacity of more than 15,000. It will include a new bar and improved disabled access. The ground has been at 98% capacity for the past five seasons. The new stand is expected to be completed in time for the start of next season.
Around 4,000 lambs will be born on Tom and Mali's farm this year. 10-year-old Tom and his sister Mali have been helping their family during lambing season. Leah visits north Wales to meet them, and to find out just how busy it can be.
Both men were taken to hospital after the incident at about 00:30 on Sunday. Officers are now asking anyone who saw what happened or who has information to get in touch. They want to talk to people who were in the club or in the immediate area on Saturday night or early Sunday morning.
The bottles were part of the cargo on the SS Politician, which sank off Eriskay in the Outer Hebrides in 1941.Scotch Whisky Auctions, which sold the bottles, said they had gone to a buyer in the UK after worldwide interest. The whisky is not thought to be fit for human consumption.
Sculpture depicts a sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape. Labour councillor Hannah Toms said some would find it "very offensive" Devon and Cornwall Police said it was a "fun event" and officers had not intended to cause any offence. Reaction on social media was mixed, with some defending the sandcastle.
Some commentators, especially in Latvia, see Russia as the Brexit winner. But there is a widespread feeling that the impact of the British vote should not be exaggerated. The focus among remaining EU countries should be on working together, says one observer. "The powers that be will be so scared by the initiative that they will subject the signatories to police repression," says another.
Jaguar Land Rover had been in talks with the British Racing Drivers Club. MotorSport Vision had also shown interest in the Northamptonshire circuit. BRDC chairman John Grant said the move was "not without risk" He said background changes such as the removal of the club secretary role would now be put in place.
Ken Plowman and Leslie Kershaw were in their 20s in 1945, when they took part in the largest air assault in history. Flying Horsa gliders, they joined an armada of 3,000 aircraft landing 14,000 troops on the River Rhine's east bank. Most of the wooden giants broke up on landing.
Rio's offer of 16.50 Australian dollars ($16.42; Â£10.14) is now conditional on 47% of shareholders accepting it by 6 April. If it fails to reach the new threshold, Rio Tinto will pay Riversdale shareholders only A$16 a share. So far only 41% have said yes.
President Denis Sassou Nguesso has been in power since 1997. The vote is aimed at pushing through changes to the constitution. At least four people were killed in clashes between police and protesters. Texting and internet services were cut and public meetings banned ahead of the referendum.
The 27-year-old utility back moved from the Irish province to Welford Road in 2011. Morris missed all of last season because of a serious foot injury. The Dubliner has represented Ireland U20s and Emerging Ireland. He scored the opening try as Leicester defeated Northampton in the 2012-2013 Premiership final.
Carol Boardman was cycling in Connah's Quay, Flintshire, on Saturday. She sustained serious injuries after a collision with a pick-up truck. The 47-year-old, who won a gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Games, later died in hospital.
Bradley Lowery was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013. It went into remission but returned in an aggressive form in June. His only hope lay in antibody treatment in New York. His mother, Gemma, has revealed treatment would only give him more time. She said: "I honestly have no words to say how heartbroken I am"
Samsung said automotive electronics was "a strategic priority" The deal is the biggest overseas purchase made by a South Korean firm. It comes as Samsung is looking to recover from the withdrawal of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone. It is estimated that the connected technologies market will grow to $100bn by 2025.
All kick-offs at 19:45 BST unless otherwise stated. EFL Cup third round: Bournemouth 2-3 Preston North End (aet) Scottish League Cup quarter-finals: Greenock Morton 2-1 Dundee United; Rangers 5-0 Queen of the South; Celtic 2-0 Alloa Athletic.
The 25-year-old former AFC Fylde player has scored 29 goals and assisted 19 this season and moves to the League One club on a three-year deal. Lloyd is Posh's second signing of the summer, and the second from non-league after the arrival of Ricky Miller from National League side Dover.
Commercial Estates Group (CEG) granted permission in 2011 to redevelop in Carlyon Bay. The Â£250m redevelopment project would include housing and leisure facilities. Site, near St Austell, was previously home to the Cornwall Coliseum complex, which hosted acts such as Cliff Richard, Status Quo and The Who.
Adam Purinton, 51, has been charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder. Police say he shot and killed Srinivas Kuchibholta at a pub in Olathe, Kansas. He allegedly then went to an Applebee's in Clinton, Missouri, where he admitted what he had done to an employee.
Orville the duck was a hit with children in the 1980s. He died last month aged 67 after a long battle with cancer. A memorial service was held for him in his hometown of Blackpool, Lancashire, on Monday. The service was attended by family and friends of Orville.
Both led in the first half, but Gloucester went in up at the break with Marshall and Richard Hibbard scores. The result left the Cherry and Whites in eighth, one point off sixth-placed Harlequins. Northampton Saints play Saracens on Sunday.
Google has been ordered to remove four of its online reviews. The reviews were posted on the company's website before they were removed. Google says it will make a decision on whether or not to remove the reviews in the coming days. The company has been under pressure from the public to take down the reviews.
Nine-tier Westfields will face Curzon Ashton, who upset York City 2-1 in Monday's replay. Chesham face a trip to League One club Peterborough United. Spennymoor Town of the Northern Premier League will travel to MK Dons. 2008 winners Portsmouth will be at home to League Two rivals Wycombe Wanderers.
The order loosens a provision of the tax code which prohibits religious organisations from directly supporting or opposing political candidates. LGBT groups and several human-rights groups oppose the order. The White House says the order is necessary to protect religious groups that had been "persecuted by the Obama administration"
Sharon Forbes and her daughter Savannah filmed the man, Alex Davies, at a National Action rally in Bath. The video has been viewed thousands of times since they shared it. Mr Davies subsequently told the BBC that he did not condone intimidation but had a right to say his views in public.
Jamie Mitchell, 35, and his mother, Samantha, 57, pleaded guilty to common assault. The pair were involved in a fight at a pub in Poole in May. The court heard that Mr Mitchell pushed Mr Dickie, causing him to fall. Mr Mitchell was taken to hospital but died from his injuries.
Diego Valeri put Portland ahead after just 27 seconds. Rodney Wallace then headed in to make it 2-0 in the seventh minute. Kei Kamara pulled one back before half-time but the Timbers won their first major trophy since joining MLS in 2011.Portland captain Ridgewell played in the Premier League for Aston Villa, Birmingham City and West Bromwich Albion.
Margaret Aspinall and Trevor Hicks campaigned for more than 20 years. Mr Hicks' daughters Sarah, 19, and Victoria, 15, were among those who died. A jury is currently hearing the new inquests in Warrington before coroner Lord Justice Goldring. Two investigations are being carried out into the aftermath of the disaster.
South Korea sports minister Do Jong-hwan said North Korea could host some skiing events. He also said the countries may enter a combined ice hockey team. The Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will take place from 9-25 February. Earlier this month South Korea's new president Moon Jae-in said N. Korea could be part of a bid to co-host the 2030 football World Cup.
Mr Dundar's wife can be seen restraining the gunman along with an unnamed man, before armed plain-clothed police arrive and order the attacker to get down. Mr Dundar escaped unharmed but a reporter was injured. The journalist and a colleague from Cumhuriyet face charges of revealing state secrets.
Carmarthenshire council bought the Grade II listed building for £225,000 in the summer. The Guildhall had been facing uncertainty after the Ministry of Justice announced it was one of 10 law courts to close in Wales. The council said it was still investigating how to make best use of the venue.
Organisers said this year's festival would celebrate and champion Ms Suu Kyi's cause and world vision. She said it was wonderful to know there was so much support for the effort to bring democracy to Burma. She urged people involved in the festival to "continue to use your liberty to promote ours"
After stints in the RAF and the air ambulance, his days as a pilot are coming to an end. The prince is the only senior royal to have a deep understanding of the National Health Service the majority of the population experience. The future king's exclusive focus will very soon be on his role as a Windsor.
Treaty signed by 155 nations and ratified by 126, including Britain, France, Germany, China and Russia. It says all nations should work to ensure that disabled people enjoy the same rights and freedoms as other citizens. Only eight Republican senators voted in favour of the treaty.
The High Court ruled last week that the UK can leave the European Union. The government says it will appeal the decision to the Supreme Court. Prime Minister Theresa May says she is committed to Britain's place in the EU. But she says she does not want to undermine judicial independence.
Kenyan children's book author Muthoni Muchemi led the event with 1,700 students reading from her book. The event is meant to foster a culture of reading in the country. It will take at least a week to work out whether they have been successful.
Pedrosa took the lead seven laps from the end. The 30-year-old had not won a MotoGP race since the Czech Grand Prix in August 2014. Rossi now leads Lorenzo by 18 points in the standings with a maximum of 75 available from the final three rounds. Alex de Angelis is in a "critical condition" with bleeding inside his brain.
The Harry Potter author previously tweeted that her "personal line [had] been crossed" by some abusive comments. Rowling faced a flood of criticism on Twitter last year after it emerged she had donated Â£1m to the campaign for a No vote in the Scottish independence referendum. In 2008, she donated the same amount to the Labour party.
The Tehran prosecutor's office says the main cause of Mr Beheshti's death could be physical shock - caused by the brute force applied to sensitive parts of his torso. The exact circumstances of his death remain unclear. It is thought he was targeted for his writings on political and social issues on his blog and on Facebook.
Stow Maries Aerodrome is one of the few remaining of its kind in the UK. It was used to defend London from German air raids during the First World War. The aerodrome has been listed for its "rarity" and "historical importance"
Ramunas Macnoris is charged over separate gun attacks in Newry, County Down. The 26-year-old, of Lambfield House, Dungannon, was also charged with having a firearm. The accused, who is originally from Lithuania, was remanded in custody.
Almost all trials in sheriff courts in 2016 began within 16 weeks. The Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service said this was despite a significant increase in case levels, particularly domestic abuse and sexual violence. The last two courts, Haddington in East Lothian and Dingwall in Ross-shire, closed in February 2015.
Stable-mates Lewis and Harris are named after neighbouring islands in the Western Isles. Harris, whose name was chosen by the public in an online vote last week, has been joined this week at Police Scotland's mounted unit by Lewis. The force described Lewis as "lovely and quiet" and also its smallest horse at about 16.2 hands high.
Incident happened at the Co-op store in Thornton at about 02:15 on 17 May. Ford Transit flatbed van reversed into the premises. Extensive damage was caused to the building and an attempt was made to steal an ATM. A 25-year-old man is expected to appear at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court court on Monday.
Katy Perry, Ariana Grande and Pharrell Williams are up for seven awards. U2, Alicia Keys and Ed Sheeran are set to perform but Calvin Harris pulled out. The awards show is on MTV and Channel 5 on Sunday from 21:00 GMT. The 21st awards will have a time travel theme.
A biology teacher and a parent were among the dead, witnesses said. Another six people died when a minibus was hit elsewhere in Donetsk. A fragile ceasefire has been in place in eastern Ukraine since 5 September. Pro-Russian separatists control much of Donetsk and have launched several attempts to capture the airport.
Ibrahim Halawa was arrested during a siege on the Al-Fath mosque in Cairo in 2013. The mass trial of Mr Halawa and 493 others began in March after being postponed five times since his arrest. The 19-year-old could face the death penalty if he is convicted. His sisters were allowed to return to Dublin in November 2013.
The group, who met on Wednesday, are against publication of their details. This is due to the negative publicity some businesses received after details of their biomass installations were made public. Economy Minister, Simon Hamilton, has plans which, he claims, could reduce a potential scheme overspend of hundreds of millions to "effectively zero"
University of Ulster warns of impact of a 'harder' border after the UK leaves the EU. Two-thirds of the university's staff are from the Republic of Ireland. The university has received almost 10m euros from the EU's Horizon 2020 fund. The government has said it will guarantee funding for EU-funded projects after the referendum.
Hernandez has signed a three-year deal with the Tigers, with the option of a further year. The 24-year-old scored seven goals in 14 games for Uruguay at the 2014 World Cup. Hull have also signed Mohamed Diame from West Ham and Gaston Ramirez from Southampton.
1,000 Londoners voted for 31 May as the date to celebrate the capital's history. It was closely followed by 5 September - the date of the Great Fire of London. People also voted for the Houses of Parliament as the building that best sums up London. The results of the poll were released to mark the launch of Historic England's "Keep it London" campaign.
The new wombat was born at the Richard Underwood Nature Refuge in St George, in Australia. The baby, known as a 'joey', brings the total number of the animals to 251. The main threats to wombats are wild dogs, disease and competition for food from kangaroos.
England beat New Zealand 20-14 to win the series 2-1. Coach Steve McNamara has been in charge since 2010. He is out of contract with Sydney Roosters, where he is attack coach. New Zealand coach Stephen Kearney praised the quality of England.
Adrian Bayley was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2013 for killing Jill Meagher, an ABC Radio employee. He was on parole for previous rape convictions when he killed Ms Meagher. On Thursday, it was announced he had been found guilty of three more rapes, of a Dutch tourist and two sex workers.
The private service is at Althorp House in Northamptonshire on Saturday. Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Princess Diana's brother, Earl Spencer, will also be there. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall will be in Canada. The Princess of Wales died on 31 August 1997 in a car crash in Paris.
Ceding control of ARM is an example of the City mindset of "don't back [the] British economy", says Lord Myners. But Treasury advisor Eileen Burbidge said the sale was a "great deal" 95% of ARM shareholders voted to back the acquisition by Softbank.
Singer Ray BLK is the first unsigned artist to win Sound of 2017. She has avoided signing a record deal in order to retain the rights to her music. Her standout track, My Hood, is a bittersweet love letter to her home town, Catford. The list was chosen by a panel of 170 DJs, critics and festival bookers.
The Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (OSPCA) has issued a warning to the public. The organization is concerned about the health and safety of the bears. It is also concerned that the animals are not getting enough food and water. The OSCA is also worried that the bears are not being fed properly.
Hibs beat Glasgow City 3-1 in the third round of the SWPL Cup. Celtic beat Forfar Farmington 3-0 to progress to the fourth round. Glasgow Girls, Stirling University, Hearts, Hutchison Vale and Jeanfield Swifts also progressed.
Cafodd siopwyr eu hebrwng o Ganolfan Siopa Quadrant toc wedi 14:00, ac mae'r digwyddiad hefyd wedi cau gorsaf fysus a marchnad y ddinas. Fe ddaeth i'r amlwg bod y pecyn yn ffug.
Akin Koc, who has run Anatolian Sky in Solihull for 26 years, said terror attacks had had a "devastating effect" on the company. Civil Aviation Authority (CAA) said it was helping about 1,200 holidaymakers following the collapse.
Francesco Schettino was given 16 years in jail last year. He was found guilty of manslaughter, causing a maritime accident and abandoning ship. At the trial in Florence, he is seeking to overturn the conviction, while the prosecution seeks a longer prison term. His lawyers are expected to argue that the disaster was a collective failure.
Sturgeon says she will only hold a second referendum if the UK leaves the EU. She also confirmed plans to fast-track the recruitment of new teachers. The first minister was speaking on BBC Radio 4's Ask the Leader. She was the last party leader to appear on the programme before the election.
Five Saudis, reportedly including a prince, detained at Beirut's airport. Two tonnes of pills branded as Captagon found in cases due to be loaded onto a private jet. It was the largest drug smuggling operation yet uncovered at the airport. Captagon pills typically contain amphetamine and caffeine, are consumed widely in the Middle East.
Joaquin Guzman was named Public Enemy Number One by the Chicago Crime Commission in 2013. He is accused of overseeing the smuggling of huge amounts of drugs from South and Central America to the United States. US prosecutors had been expressing their wish to put him on trial in a US court since his arrest in February 2014. Mexican officials were making it clear they were in no rush to send him across the border.
Archaeologists from the University of Reading found animal bones, plant remains and a fireplace at the Mesolithic site. The tools included scrapers used for cleaning skins and sharp points for hunting big game such as reindeer. It is now thought they were made by people of the Ahrensburgian culture, which flourished in mainland Europe.
Cesc Fabregas will not face any further action for his part in the incident. Sergio Aguero received a four-match ban for his challenge on David Luiz. Fernandinho was also sent off for his role in the mass fracas. Both clubs have until 18:00 GMT on 8 December to respond.
This new finding gives more of an idea of how the group of dinosaurs, known as the Ornithischians, evolved over the years. So what do you get when you cross a plant eating dino, like Stegosaurus, with a meat eating one, like T. Rex? Ayshah?
England winger pleaded not guilty at Durham Crown Court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming. Johnson, from Castle Eden, County Durham, was released on conditional bail ahead of his trial on 24 August. The winger, who has played 12 times for England, was arrested in March.
FirstGroup takes over on Sunday amid ongoing disputes over driver-operated doors and the role of train guards. The company said it would be "retaining a second person" on board trains. The RMT said in talks the firm refused to provide a guarantee "despite what they have been telling the press"
Fossils of two sauropods found in Queensland shed new light on the history of the area 95 to 98 million years ago. The dinosaurs were able to make the journey when a spell of warming allowed passage over frozen land bridges between the continents. One of the dinosaurs was found near the town of Winton in Central West Queensland.
Police said the incident happened at 10:30 BST near the village of Tockwith. North Yorkshire Police said the aeroplane had suffered engine failure. Sgt Andy Graham, who attended the crash, praised the pilot's "great piloting skills" No injuries were reported from the incident, police said.
JP Morgan chief executive says he will move hundreds of people out of the UK when it leaves the EU. He said there had been too much focus on what would happen on day one after Brexit. But he said that how many more jobs would go to centres all around the EU was no longer in the UK's control.
Demonstrators in the Hindu-majority city were angered by a Muslim man who they say threw stones at the temple on Tuesday. They also accused police of hitting a temple priest in the subsequent unrest. Mobile internet services were suspended and state Chief Minister Mehbooba Mufti appealed for calm on Wednesday.
The case is the first of its kind to be heard by a court of law. It is over a statement made by a candidate during an election campaign. The judges will now decide whether the statement was false or not. They will also decide whether it was made for the purpose of affecting the election.
Hull City Council said the stones were not intended to be used as navigational aids. Instead, they were intended to help the blind and visually impaired. The council said it was not aware of any plans to use the stones in any other way. It said the idea was to raise awareness of the needs of the visually impaired in Hull.
Hamilton trails Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel by 12 points heading into this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Briton won the last race in Canada but had poor performances in two of the previous three races. Hamilton said he was determined to win this weekend in Baku after a difficult weekend on the street track last year.
GTA V was due to be released on 27 January, but has been delayed. The game will now be released in March. It will be available in both PC and Mac versions, with support for up to 4K. The PC version is expected to be out later this year.
Manchester United trainee Rothwell has penned a two-year deal. The attacking midfielder made seven appearances in all competitions during a loan spell with Barnsley last season. Maguire, 27, has signed a one-year contract after playing 25 games for Rotherham.
14 organisations, including NHS England, have signed an agreement to stop gay conversion therapy being offered to patients. GPs will not be able to refer patients for gay therapy and no-one employed by the NHS can provide it. UK Council of Psychotherapy says it intends to expand the agreement to Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland soon.
Brian Krebs says a Russian cybercrime forum administrator hatched a plan to order heroin. He arranged for it to be delivered to his home, then tipped off the police. Mr Krebs was already monitoring the website and saw the plot being planned in real time. He alerted the FBI and local police.
Barts Health NHS Trust is responsible for the care of around 2.5 million people. It was placed in special measures in March after a culture of bullying was discovered among staff at one of the hospitals it runs. Fresh concerns have now been raised at the Royal London Hospital and Newham University Hospital.
British food and drink exports as a whole grew by 8.3% year-on-year to £4.9bn. FDF credited better promotion of UK goods abroad, and the weaker pound. Sterling has fallen by about 16% against the dollar since Britain voted to leave the EU last June.
"It's the one thing, you know if your house was on fire, you would go and get it," she says. She says she was inspired by her father, who taught her how to row. She won silver in the women's rowing at the 2012 Olympics in London.
Thirty-six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea at Tuticorin on Tuesday, but 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on Wednesday. Earlier, 45 whales died after 81 of the animals were stranded on Monday. Local fishermen, helped by officials, have been using mechanised boats to float the stranded whales.
Mohammed Ali Abboud is on trial for murdering Agnieszka Szefler. The 57-year-old denies all the charges against him at the High Court in Edinburgh. Jury shown video footage of him telling detectives she "fell" with the knife in her hand.
Emmanuel-Thomas has previously had spells at Ipswich and Bristol City. The 25-year-old scored five goals in 15 appearances for the Loftus Road side last season but finished the campaign on loan at MK Dons. He becomes Gillingham's eighth signing of the summer transfer window.
It emerged that the wife of former Ulster Unionist MLA Neil Somerville has a wood pellet boiler under the scheme in a family business. The boiler is used to power a horse solarium. But perhaps the question many people asked - as images of goggle-wearing dobbins tanning themselves leapt into their minds - is just what exactly is a horseSolarium?
Buckinghamshire golfer finished one shot behind Alex Noren at the Scottish Open. Hatton's payday of 429,468 euros is the largest of his five-year professional career. The 25-year-old will tee off at 11:04 BST in Friday's second round.
England made 589-8 declared and 173-1 declared to set up their second biggest win over Pakistan in terms of runs. Joe Root named man of the match after scoring 254 in the first innings and an unbeaten 71 off 48 balls in the second. Pakistan were bowled out for 234 on Monday.
Jamie Hamill has signed a three-year contract with Kilmarnock. The 27-year-old will make his 150th appearance for the Rugby Park club. Hamill played at right-back under Mixu Paatelainen at Rugby Park before being used more in midfield while at Hearts.
Vonn won her 77th World Cup race, beating Switzerland's Lara Gut by 0.15 seconds. She is now nine behind Swede Ingemar Stenmark's all-time record of 86 wins. Vonn was out of competitive racing for 322 days after breaking her leg in March 2016.
David Cameron has said it would be "literally decades" before Turkey was ready to join the EU. He has said the UK has a veto over it happening, saying the agreement of every other EU member - as well as 28 national Parliaments - was necessary before a new country could join. The proposed deal is aimed at trying to ease Europe's migration crisis. But Mr Gove said Turkey had seen an "erosion of fundamental democratic freedoms"
Our article Why are there so many homeless people in Birmingham? prompted many questions on how you can help those sleeping on the streets. You also asked why coconuts could be seen floating down canals. Here is how we got on answering your questions. Use the tool below to send us your question.
VW says it is working out how to refit the software in the 11m diesel engines involved in the emission's scandal. In Spain slightly over 3,000 new cars are affected but showrooms have been told to put them aside. The company has lost 35% of its market value since last Monday.
Elections for 29 governors and all 36 state assemblies are taking place. Some of Nigeria's governors control huge budgets and are among the country's most influential politicians. Key battlegrounds include commercial hub Lagos, and the oil-rich Rivers state. Biometric voting cards are to be used again, despite some problems with their debut in last month's election.
Lennon was sent to the stand during last month's Europa League qualifying match against Brondby after remonstrating with officials. He was automatically banned from the touchline for the return leg in Denmark, with Hibs losing on penalties. The 45-year-old described his dismissal on his debut at Easter Road as "pathetic"
Two years ago, a major hospital in Belfast was said to be 'at breaking point' New ways of working have been developed to speed the flow of patients. Northern Ireland does not have a 111 or NHS Direct helpline to guide patients away from A&E towards other forms of treatment closer to home.
Rodgers is targeting the domestic treble in his first season in Scotland. Duffy is the only nominee from outside the Premiership. McInnes's Dons have reached two cup finals and are second in the league. Thistle achieved a top-six spot. The winner will be announced at PFA Scotland's annual awards dinner.
Canon Enid Morgan remembers the moment a bill to enable women to become bishops failed by three votes in 2008. The first woman was made an Anglican deaconess in Usk, Monmouthshire, in 1884. Just 11 years before the failed vote for bishops, the Church in Wales governing body had accepted women becoming priests by one vote in 1997.
About 400 people in Northern Ireland live with permanent disabilities after surviving gun and bomb attacks. They did get compensation, but they say it is now running out. The Democratic Unionist Party is preparing a bill to go through Stormont to put a special pension in place for them.
Frazier Glenn Miller Jr, 74, targeted the sites in Kansas last year. He was convicted of one count of capital murder, three counts of attempted murder, and assault and weapons charges. Miller responded to the sentence, by shouting "heil Hitler" before he was removed from the courtroom.
Wildschut, 25, has agreed a two-and-a-half-year contract with the Canaries. The Dutchman helped the Latics win the League One title last season. Dijks, 23, was in Norwich last week for talks, but his agent said in a Dutch newspaper that he would not be moving to Carrow Road.
Prince William's last shift was thought to have been on Tuesday. His final shift brought to an end a three-year posting on Anglesey. The duke graduated as a search and rescue pilot in September 2010. He carried out his first rescue in October 2010 during his first full operational shift.
Dundee United had earlier beaten Dunfermline Athletic 1-0 at East End Park. League One leaders Livingston host Welsh champions The New Saints. Ayr United visit Championship rivals St Mirren in two Sunday quarter-finals. Alloa Athletic manager Jim Goodwin: "We came here to be positive and to take the game to Queen of the South"
Morgan Owen, from Buckley, Flintshire, died after being restrained on 5 December. He had also been stunned with a Taser by police two days earlier. An inquest jury concluded the death was accidental through taking cocaine. The Independent Police Complaints Commission backed North Wales Police's actions.
Daron Dylon Wint, 34, was detained late Thursday in the US capital. Police refused to confirm reports Mr Wint was identified by DNA from the crust of a pizza delivered to the home.Savvas Savopoulos, 46, chief executive of American Iron Works, was found dead in his family's home in Woodley Park, northwest Washington.
Malaysia's Censorship Board has approved the screening of "Beauty and the Beast" The film sparked controversy last week after it emerged it would feature a "gay moment" It was due for release in Malaysia on Thursday, but Disney said it was being held for a "review" of its content.
South Wales Police said it was called to near Llantwit Major beach shortly after 20:30 BST on Tuesday. A force helicopter was used during the search with help from the coastguard. Police said the death is not being treated as suspicious and the coroner has been informed.
Mr Dutton has accused The Guardian and Australian Broadcasting Corp. of "trivialising" allegations relating to treatment of asylum seekers. The Guardian last week published more than 2,000 leaked reports from the immigration centre on Nauru. Mr Dutton said many of the reports described corporal punishment of children by their parents.
Prosecutors asked a judge to issue the arrest warrants for the director of the nursery and some of its management and teachers. But a lawyer for the relatives said the warrants targeted the wrong people. Forty-nine children died and more than 70 were seriously injured when flames spread through the ABC nursery in Hermosillo.
Elsie Frost was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in Wakefield. Peter Pickering was first questioned in connection with the murder in 2016. He was arrested near Newbury, in Berkshire, on Monday. The 79-year-old is also being questioned in relation to an unconnected allegation of a rape and kidnap in 1972.
Triprebel is a new website that promises to find you the cheapest hotel room. The company takes a cut of the price of the room if the rate goes down. It is based in Hamburg, Germany, but plans to expand to other countries. Some travel experts are concerned about the impact of the website on the hotel industry.
Chelsea's Diego Costa and Manchester United's Juan Mata are recalled after being left out of the Euro 2016 squad. Spain face Belgium in a friendly in Brussels on 1 September before hosting Liechtenstein in Leon four days later. David de Gea, West Ham counterpart Adrian, Chelsea defender Cesar Azpilicueta and Manchester City pair David Silva and Nolito join Costa and Mata in the squad.
Mukherjee's The Lives Of Others, a sweeping account of life in 1960s Calcutta, is 5/2 favourite to win with bookmakers William Hill. Former Booker winner Howard Jacobson is among three British writers, two Americans and an Australian on this year's shortlist. The winner will be announced at London's Guildhall on Tuesday night.
The annual festival started back in 1945. Some people say it began as a food fight between a group of friends, others say people threw tomatoes at a carnival parade. This year the town will launch its first ever tomato-based obstacle course. The Tomatina race will take place on Saturday.
The 6ft (2m) mako is thought to be the first ever mako shark caught in Wales. An average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length and can weigh up to 300lbs (135kg) The International Shark Attack File has recorded 42 mako attacks on humans.
Helen Fairhead captured the charming footage of the three-year-old gorilla, called Lope, on a visit to Twycross Zoo in Leicestershire. More than one million people have watched the video on Facebook with hundreds leaving comments. The zoo's director of life sciences Dr Charlotte Macdonald said Lope's "dance" is evidence of him playing.
Ghent is host to Britain's first Davis Cup final for 35 years. There are two approaches to security at events considered to be a risk. The first is the deliberate display of strength and the discreet deployment of security. The other is a sense of courtesy and the forbearance of the public.
The Royal College of Nursing (RCN) said the Scottish government needed to take action now to avert a staffing crisis. They said rising demand and insufficient nursing staff were putting patient care at risk. The Scottish government said the number of nurses and midwives had risen by 5.2% since 2006.
We Were There was written in 1982 by Leicester singer Bob Wragg. Mr Wragg, 82, said the song was about to be released when the Falklands conflict broke out. The recording features players including Gordon Banks, Bobby Moore, Martin Peters and Alan Ball singing along with former England manager Sir Alf Ramsey.
Program called Stackoverflowin ran on printers that did not have basic security controls switched on. It made the devices print a warning urging their owners to cut off remote access. The program also added ASCII art depicting different robots or a Twitter handle. It came soon after an academic study found vulnerabilities in a wide range of printers.
Man, 22, needed hospital treatment after the incident on New Year's Day. Police Scotland said a 15-year-old boy had been charged with assault. The teenager is expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court next week. The incident took place on Bridge Street in the city centre.
Jack Mackreth and Chris Holroyd both fired wide as the visitors pressed for an opener in the first half. Danny Rowe finally put the Silkmen ahead after the break with a deflected strike. Mitch Hancox slotted in to make it 2-0 shortly after. Danny Whittaker's shot put the result beyond doubt. Wrexham's Jordan White put a late penalty over the bar.
David Cameron wants all parties to take part in the debates. But Labour and the Greens say they should not be excluded. The debates will take place on April 2, 3 and 4. The final one will be held on April 6, the day before the general election.
Several thousand people who lived at the camp were moved to new homes last week. However, around 1,500 children still remained living in temporary shelters. These children have now been taken to special centres around France where they can be properly processed. But why were these people being made to move? And why were they in Calais in the first place?
Abdul Fattah al-Sisi sworn in as Egypt's new president. Retired field marshal overthrew President Mohammed Morsi last July. He has since been pursuing a crackdown on Mr Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood. He said there would be no reconciliation with anyone who had "blood on their hands"
Tom Bradshaw slotted home to put the Reds in front. Sam Winnall doubled the lead by heading his 11th of the season. Jacques Maghoma pulled one back before the interval. Marc Roberts was sent off for fouling Che Adams. Lukas Jutkiewicz levelled from the spot.
The scheme was developed by the Open University during the 2013-14 academic year. It assesses the likelihood of a student submitting their next assignment by using information gathered from four different algorithms. The more algorithms that indicate the student will not send in their work - the higher the chance of that happening.
City led through Daphne Corboz's tap-in after Nikita Parris hit the post. In second-half stoppage time, Jane Ross headed home Parris' pinpoint cross. Birmingham's best chance came through Melissa Lawley whose drive was saved by Karen Bardsley.
Detentions by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency jumped to 41,318 between January 22 of this year and the end of April. That was up from 30,028 arrests in about the same period last year. Almost two-thirds of those arrested this year had criminal convictions, said ICE.
Gayle was responding to a question from Ten Sport's Melanie McLaughlin. The 36-year-old former West Indies captain's knock helped the Melbourne Renegades to a five-wicket win over Hobart Hurricanes. A BBL statement said the comments were "disrespectful and inappropriate"
Customs officials became suspicious after finding six pairs of trainers. The drug had been injected into the soles of the sports shoes to look like shock-absorbing gel. Italian police said the drugs haul had a street value of more than 2m euros (£1.8m/$2.2m)
The agreement appears to bring to an end a bitter dispute between the coalition and the Afghan government. The troops and their Afghan counterparts have been accused of murder and intimidation in the area. Special forces and local police will now begin a phased withdrawal from Wardak. Afghan security forces will take over on a district-by-district basis.
Kirsty Williams says there is an "urgency" for universities to "recapture a civic mission" She says the referendum exposed the "distance between campus and community" Conservatives say she is "exaggerating a sense of crisis and division" in Wales.
Much of India's milk is collected from small farms across the country. By the time it reaches consumers it's impure and old. Some of it is even mixed with chemicals like urea to increase the quantity and fat content. As part of the BBC's Taste of Asia series, Suranjana Tewari visited one dairy farm outside Mumbai.
The Boomtown Rats were to headline the event in Dumfries on 4 June. Rick Astley, ABC, The Stars from The Commitments and The Rezillos were also set to play. However, advanced ticket sales of just 700 compared with 5,000 sold in 2015 prompted the decision to cancel.
The holders won eight straight races to triumph 9-8 after being docked two points for cheating in the build-up. The Kiwis won four of the first five races, making Oracle modify their boat and call Ainslie from the warm-up crew. The US syndicate first won the Cup in 2010, when they beat holders Alinghi of Switzerland in a one-off match in huge multihulls.
Swansea beat Manchester City 2-1 in the EFL Cup on Wednesday. The win was City's ninth in a row under new boss Francesco Guidolin. Rangel says the Swans need to go back to basics to win games. The former Barcelona and Bayern Munich striker is looking forward to playing against Sergio Aguero.
Massaro will take on Perry in the first all-English women's final since 1991. Massaro beat top seed Nour El Sherbini of Egypt 5-11 7-11 11-5 11-3 11-6. Perry then upset Malaysia's five-time champion and sixth seed Nicol David. Matthew will face Frenchman Gregory Gaultier in Sunday's final in Hull.
Ilex was set up in 2003 to regenerate two former Army bases. It was shut down in March amid accusations it failed to deliver enough investment and jobs. In March, 18 Ilex workers were made redundant and the two bases were handed over to Derry City and Strabane District Council.
NHS Highland asked people to avoid the site last week after 50 people fell ill. Three wards remained closed to new admissions and visitors but the rest of the hospital was open. Dr Chin Lim thanked people for their "patience and understanding" He said the norovirus is still in the community and urged people to stay away.
The images were taken by photographer Nick Hedges in the 1960s and 1970s. He said the conditions some families lived in "shocked me to the core" An exhibition will be held later this year to mark Shelter's 50th year. Anyone who recognises themselves or anyone else in the images to email: stories@shelter.org.uk.
Nadine Foster, 18, was a passenger in a Ford Focus when it hit a wall. She was taken to hospital but died a few days later, police said. Dylan Stringer, 22, and Joseph Chance, 24, are accused of causing death by dangerous driving and are due before magistrates in Walsall on Wednesday.
Condor Liberation struck the quayside at St Peter Port, Guernsey. The vessel, which is meant to be more resistant to heavy seas, has been out of service for repairs since the crash on 28 March. The MV Arrow was brought in to carry freight while the Commodore Clipper and the Condor Express carried passengers.
Dylan Marcus Edwards, 50, admitted causing suffering to Cali the cat. The cat defecated in the Royal Oak Hotel kitchen in Betws-y-Coed. Edwards was sentenced to 18 weeks in prison, suspended for two years. An online petition calling for those responsible to be prosecuted attracted more than 35,700 supporters.
Ferries are stuck at Dover and part of the M20 has been closed as lorries wait to cross the Channel. The action by MyFerryLink workers has also caused Eurostar services to be suspended for the day. The Foreign Office has warned travellers to keep their car doors locked in slow moving traffic.
Team Sky had been renowned for their robust no-needle stance. The substances are not illegal under World Anti-Doping Agency rules. But there are concerns about the ethics of administering them intravenously. Team Sky hired Dr Fabio Bartalucci in late 2010 as he was believed to have expertise in IV recovery.
Marmalade, a 13-year-old ginger cat, went missing from Tracy Brewster's home in July. The cat, nicknamed Marmie, was found nearly 40 miles away in Surrey in November. Jonathan Brewster was found not guilty of theft at a hearing at Sevenoaks Magistrates' Court.
University of Manchester study compared the way the Beckhams spoke before and after their move to the US. David dropped his H sounds at the start of words far less often than before the move. Wife Victoria was found to be "definitely getting posher" in the video study.
Stade Francais won the French Top 14 title in 2014-15. Racing took over as champions the following year, though both are currently in the lower half of the division. New Zealand legend Dan Carter leads Racing's list of stars while Italy's Sergio Parisse is on Stade's books.
Emoji flags already available for Ascension Island, St Barthelemy, Curacao and Djibouti. Apple, Google, Microsoft and Facebook will be able to add the flags to their software from July. The campaign for a new range of emoji flags was started by Emojipedia and BBC Wales.
The FTSE 100 share index was up 0.27%, or 18 points, closing at 6837.92. Initial rally in the pound faded. Overnight it hit a two-year high against the euro. RBS confirmed it would not be moving its registered head office.
MSPs on the Equalities and Human Rights Committee said more needed to be done to tackle the problem in schools. Committee convener Christina McKelvie said it had heard "gut-wrenching" evidence from young people during its inquiry into the issue. But she stressed there was already some "inspiring" work being done.
Officers from Police Scotland alerted Benbecula Community Council to the scam. The email involves a fake story about an African man trying to transfer his inheritance to a new account after his father was poisoned. The use of Gaelic in the email is poor, according to speakers on the isles.
The 27-year-old was released by Carlisle United at the end of the 2015-16 campaign. The midfielder more than 150 appearances for Dale before joining Tranmere in 2012. Rochdale began 2016-17 with a 3-2 home defeat by Peterborough on Saturday.
The crash happened at Evanton at about 17:20 on Saturday. The fire service and the air ambulance was sent to the scene. The occupants of all three vehicles were injured, but the extent of their injuries was not known, police said. A spokesman added: "No further witnesses are sought at this time"
The council said the club wanted to meet to understand how it would deal with a planning application. The club's owners, Sisu, have been involved in a long-running stand off with the previous operators of the Ricoh Arena. The arena is now owned by Premiership rugby team Wasps.
Timm van der Gugten, Michael Hogan, Graham Wagg and Craig Meschede took on the bulk of the fast bowling duties across all three formats in 2016. County hope that leading batsmen Colin Ingram and Chris Cooke will be fit to resolve their batting problems after long-standing injuries.
Leicester hooker was overlooked for England's Six Nations campaign. The 29-year-old had back surgery and was ruled out of the tour to Australia. Youngs will mark his recovery by taking over as Leicester club captain. Leicester reached the Premiership play-offs for a 12th straight season.
Six Nations champions trailed 9-6 at half-time, with Kurtley Beale kicking three penalties to Leigh Halfpenny's two. Wales full-back landed two more to nudge the hosts 12-9 ahead on the hour. But with less than 30 seconds left, Beale scored in the right corner.
The target, set by David Cameron in 2010, has never been met. The PM indicated in April that she would stick with the aim. Culture Secretary Karen Bradley said immigration was "not about putting numbers on it" Ms Rudd played down the potential impact of excluding students from figures.
Kenny Miller, Lee Hodson and Andrew Considine score for Rangers. Clint Hill and Ryan Jack sent off for Aberdeen. Rangers go two points ahead of Hearts with Hearts held to a draw by Ross County. Derek McInnes: "From penalty box to penalty box I thought we were the better team"
Tory leader says the debate must now widen to the rest of the UK. David Cameron says the "West Lothian question" - English votes for English laws - needs a decisive answer. The "No" side polled 2,001,926, votes to 1,617,989 for "Yes"
The University of Nottingham is developing a quick and easy test to do in clinics. It could mean much earlier diagnosis and better treatments. The test uses some proteins that have been strongly linked with Alzheimer's disease, such as amyloid and APOE. But through careful analysis of blood from people with the disease, as well as those with early-stage memory problems, the researchers detected some other markers that were suggestive of the disease.
The ship boasts an impressive 23 swimming pools, over 10,000 plants and a 10-storey high water slide. It's even staffed by robots! It's taken 32 months to build, and it will set off on its first cruise at the end of May.
Reading have confirmed six loan players have returned to their parent clubs. Andrew Taylor, Ola John and Alex Fernandez and Matej Vydra have all left. Michael Hector and Lucas Piazon left the club last month. Wales striker Robson-Kanu has spent seven seasons with the club.
Peta wants the mascot to be replaced with a modern animal-friendly version. The group has suggested a fish with the slogan Skegness - A Happy Plaice. Mayor Carl Macey said he did not think there would be much support for Jolly to be axed.
Moscow said President Vladimir Putin had personally signed the decree. Mr Putin had said he would be happy to welcome the actor in his new country. In an open letter, he said he loved Russia, calling it "a great democracy" Mr Depardieu had recently announced he would give up his French passport.
Dutch number three seed Noppert, 26, will play England's number 10 seed Darryl Fitton in the last four. England's Waites, a two-time winner, was seeded sixth for this year's tournament. Glen Durrant takes on fellow Englishman Jamie Hughes in the other semi-final.
Swansea are looking for a new manager following Bob Bradley's departure. Ryan Giggs was the favourite but is now out of the running. Alan Curtis is taking temporary charge of the club. Curtis says the next manager should be British and have Premier League experience. The Swans face Bournemouth at the Liberty Stadium on Saturday.
McCann left the club three days ago having guided them to Premiership safety in a five-week spell in charge. The 42-year-old had indicated he was going back to his previous role as a television pundit. Dundee managing director John Nelms said the club had been "inundated with applications"
Moseley Road Baths in Birmingham and Wentworth Woodhouse near Rotherham are listed on the 2016 World Monuments Watch. The list hails the pools as a "rare survival" and the Woodhouse as an "architectural masterpiece" An estimated Â£42m needs to be spent to address structural damage, plasterwork falling from the ceilings.
1914 - Cyprus annexed by Britain, after more than 300 years of Ottoman rule. 1960 - Cyprus gains independence after Greek and Turkish communities reach agreement on a constitution. Turkish forces occupy third of the island, enforce partition between north and south roughly along the "Green Line" ceasefire line drawn up by UN forces in 1963.
Douglas Ross was an assistant referee at the clash between Sporting Lisbon and Real Madrid on Tuesday. It meant he was unable to attend a justice committee meeting in the Scottish Parliament. He earns up to Â£40,000 a year as a self-employed specialist assistant football referee.
The giant Amorphophallus Titanum has a strong smell of rotting flesh. The plant has the heaviest corm ever recorded (153.9kgs) It has produced seven leaves in the 12 years that it has been at the garden. Horticulturists are "delighted to finally" have a flower.
Gender Identity Development Service (GIDS) said 969 under-18s have been referred in the UK in 2015-16, including nearly 200 aged 12 or under. GIDS said there could be a number of reasons, but increased awareness and acceptance of gender issues was a likely factor. One three-year old and three four-year-olds were referred to GIDS since April last year.
President Evo Morales has been in power since 2006. His supporters wanted him to be able to run for another term. With almost all the votes counted, the "No" camp had a narrow but irreversible lead. This means the constitutional ban on serving more than two consecutive five-year terms remains in place.
The 29-year-old spent the majority of last season on loan with Wolves. He previously played 211 league games for the Molineux side between 2008 and 2015 before moving to Craven Cottage. Chris Wilder: "Richard was our number one target throughout the summer and I'm delighted he has signed"
Seven riders in the peloton crossed with the safety barrier down, but were not sanctioned for breaking race rules. Sir Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in his final race for Team Sky, 31 seconds behind German winner John Degenkolb. French champion Arnaud Demare said: "This needs to be taken care of, it was dangerous"
The Seahawks won the game at CenturyLink Field 34-7. Pacific Northwest Seismic Network recorded five separate seismic events. In 2011, the response to another US football touchdown registered at nearby seismic recording stations.CenturyLink Field, which is open to the air, also set a Guinness World Record for noise.
Fifa sponsors Adidas, Gazprom, Hyundai-Kia, McDonald's, Budweiser, Coca-Cola and Visa. They have spent tens of millions of pounds to be associated with sporting excellence. Those brands now find their name and products associated with the tarnished Fifa brand.
England head coach Eddie Jones says Wales have scrummaged illegally. Wales forwards coach Robin McBryde says England's Joe Marler is a frequent infringer at the scrum. Jones says he is "quite upset" by Wales' approach to the set-piece. England face Wales in the Six Nations on Saturday.
Glen Evans was left with a broken nose and his bride Georgina was punched at Fanhams Hall Hotel in Hertfordshire, St Albans Crown Court heard. Lee Doyle, 37, of Houghton Regis denied punching the groom. He and Gary Hutson, 46, of Luton, both charged with affray.
The last time two British riders won on the same day was in 1977 in Sweden. Valentino Rossi finished second in the MotoGP opener in Texas. Frenchman Fabio Quartararo was third in his home race for the Italian team. David Coulthard was fourth in his first race of the season for Ducati.
Two insurgents were killed and many were detained in the raid. It came amid the Taliban's annual spring offensive, which has seen heavy fighting in Helmand. In December a similar operation led to the release of 40 people. Nato said its troops had "supported their Afghan partners in a train, advise and assist role"
Ethnically it is highly diverse, with more than 300 local languages. The people range from rural hunter-gatherers to a modern urban elite. Long-term leader General Suharto came to power in the wake of an abortive coup in 1965. He imposed authoritarian rule while allowing technocrats to run the economy.
Excluding fuel, like-for-like sales fell 1.1% in the 16 weeks to 24 September. Total sales fell 0.4%. But the UK's second-largest supermarket said it was continuing to make progress. Chief executive Mike Coupe said he was confident its strategy would enable it to "outperform our major peers"
Researchers funded by the charity found that by looking at a specific group of genes they were able to reliably detect underlying problems. It follows the death of Sir David Frost's son Miles, who died suddenly from a condition thought to have been inherited from his father. His family aims to raise Â£1.5m to make genetic testing available in the UK.
Mason Crane takes 3-21 as hosts restrict Glamorgan to 118-6 at Lord's. Captain James Vince (60 not out) saw Hampshire home with six overs to spare. Sussex needed five runs from the last over for victory but could only manage two. Middlesex posted 147-6 thanks to Stevie Eskinazi and Paul Stirling.
Roman Repec, 35, appeared at Peterhead Sheriff Court charged with wilful fireraising. He made no plea and was remanded in custody. Two people were rescued from the burning fishing boat Tranquility on Thursday night. No-one was injured in the incident.
Photographs show Balachandran Prabhakaran eating chocolate on a bench. Journalists for Democracy in Sri Lanka says they are proof the boy was summarily executed. A military spokesman denied the allegations. He said they were based on "lies, half-truths and rumours"
Bayern Munich beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Champions League. Mario Gotze and James Milner scored the goals for the Germans. Sergio Aguero equalised for Manuel Neuer's side. Manuel Pellegrini's side had already qualified for the last 16.
Robert Trigg was convicted of murdering Susan Nicholson in 2011. He was also convicted of manslaughter of Caroline Devlin, 35, who died in 2006. Initial investigations into both deaths found nothing suspicious. Ms Nicholson's family refused to believe them. They started a five-year campaign to get to the truth.
Living With Lions, the fly-on-the-kitbag story of the 1997 British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa, is 20 years old. It came to both define that epic trip, and give it an eternal youth. A special BBC Radio 5 Live programme has brought together the men who made it and those who became its unwitting stars.
The trust was placed in special measures in 2013 after high death rates. But the CQC has now lifted the measures, saying the trust has made progress. The trust must still make sure there are enough nurses to care for patients. It must also ensure there is enough time for patients to get to the hospital.
Tata is one of India's oldest and biggest conglomerates with more than 100 companies. In the past decade, it has become one of the UK's biggest employers too. Falling steel demand post-global financial crisis has meant Tata's steel operations in Europe, and particularly in the UK, have been suffering heavy losses.
Sanchez, 40, signed a contract extension in January to remain in charge until the end of next season. Deportivo won just two of their last 22 league games and were beaten 8-0 at home by Barcelona on 20 April as they finished 15th. Former Spain and Real Madrid midfielder Sanchez was in charge for 13 months.
Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia, had provisionally suspended the position last year when the allegations first emerged. It is now returning what remains of the original $20m (Â£13m) donation. Mr Cosby, 78, is facing a series of historic sexual assault allegations dating back several decades. He denies any wrongdoing and has not been charged with any crime.
Sixth seed Wozniacki saw off unseeded American Stephens 6-2 6-3 in the first semi-final in Toronto. Defending champion Simona Halep was thrashed 6-1 6- 1 by Ukraine's Elina Svitolina.
Lorry ploughed into flat in Main Road, Fairlie, at about 13:45 on Thursday. A 55-year-old man who also lived in the flats continues to be treated for minor injuries at Inverclyde Royal Hospital. North Ayrshire Council said it was working with contractors and engineers to ensure that properties affected "are made safe"
Police were targeted with fireworks, while motorists described "petrol bombs" being thrown at cars on Commercial Road, Pill, on 20 October. Three teenagers - aged 16 to 17 - were sentenced to five months' custody at Cwmbran Youth Court on Tuesday. Two 13-year-olds were handed non-custodial 12-month referral orders.
Dettori wins by one and a half lengths for his third victory in the prestigious mile race. Massat (9-1) was second with Ribchester two lengths back in third. Air Force Blue was widely expected to give trainer Aidan O'Brien a record eighth 2000 Guineas success.
The bill bans all types of geospatial information, maps, raw data or photographs, acquired by any means. It also bans "wrong" information, including disputed international borders. The government says the rules would not create barriers to business if the bill became law. But campaign groups say the bill will hurt small businesses.
The Tour Championship is the final event of the Race to Dubai. Four players are still in with a chance of topping the European Tour Order of Merit. Rory McIlroy has never finished worse than 11th in his seven appearances at Jumeirah Golf Estates in Dubai.
Portrait of Gambian Ayuba Suleiman Diallo, by artist William Hoare, sold at auction in December for £554,937.50. Heritage Lottery Fund, The Art Fund and the NPG will all contribute to the total cost, which is £555,000.
The hearings, part of the Goddard Inquiry into child sexual abuse, were due to start in September but have been put back because of other inquiries. Leicestershire Police and the IPCC are investigating people allegedly linked to the case. 33 alleged victims of Lord Janner have now been granted core participant status in the inquiry.
Elections are being held in 27 English county councils and seven unitary authorities. More than 2,300 seats are up for grabs across the length and breadth of England. Conservatives and Labour are putting up candidates in most seats. UKIP is fielding 1,745 candidates, three times as many as it did in 2009. No elections are taking place in London, Scotland or Northern Ireland.
Last remnants of Israel's recently installed security apparatus were taken away on Thursday morning. Palestinians had fiercely objected to the measures introduced after the killing of two Israeli policemen. They had refrained from entering the Old City complex known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif and to Jews as the Temple Mount.
Jhanvi Ahuja was visiting the India Gate monument in Delhi when she disappeared. Her family launched a campaign on Facebook, Twitter and WhatsApp to find her. She was found on Sunday night with a placard around her neck with her name and her uncle's telephone number on it.
The first foot was found by dog walkers in February. A second was found in July and a third was found last week. Police say they do not believe a crime has been committed. They are appealing to anyone who knows where the feet came from to get in touch.
Highways England wants to turn the hard shoulder into an extra lane between junction three by Heathrow Airport and junction 12 at Theale. The scheme, costing up to Â£862m, will improve traffic flow and ensure "less stressful driving", supporters say. Opponents claim it will increase congestion and affect the environment.
The three-month tests of 137 island homes, 73 in Guernsey and 64 in Jersey, measured the level of gas in the walls. 99 of the homes tested were below target levels. Fourteen island homes were above the target level and owners have been told to ensure there is good ventilation.
Plans include relocating the town's Central Library and cutting back on the Citizens Advice Bureau. Labour-run authority said it was implementing the cuts "with a heavy heart" and blamed "severe austerity cuts imposed by central government" Councillor Bill Dixon: "I was born and bred in the town. I do understand the attachment to Crown Street Library"
Hampshire had Essex 0-1 when Nick Browne was caught off the bowling of Fidel Edwards. Cook (114 not out) and Westley (111) dominated when play resumed. Kyle Abbott finally ended their stand, bowling Westley with the last ball of the day as Essex closed on 243-2.
South Yorkshire Police and Humberside Police to cut number of dogs and handlers. New operation will have two bases in Sheffield and one in Melton, East Yorkshire. South Yorkshire Police said that the move was "required to meet budgetary cuts imposed on the Force's Operational Support Services"
Albert Newman drove for 30 miles in the wrong carriageways on the M42, the A42 and the M1. Inquest heard one force had no motorway patrols on duty and another had earlier failed to notice Mr Newman's licence had been revoked. Mr Newman crashed his Mazda Premacy into a Transit van near Kegworth, Leicestershire, killing passenger Michael Luciw and injuring driver Andy Harrington.
Linfield will host Celtic in their first leg on Friday 14 July. The Irish Premiership winners could earn up to £1million in Uefa prize money. The tie was moved from the normal midweek slot to the Friday because of the 12th of July marches in Northern Ireland.
Welsh government to look at existing marine protected areas. The decision comes after 7,000 people submitted comments to the government. The majority of the comments were in favour of creating new areas. But the majority of comments were against the idea of new areas being created. The government will now look at the existing areas to see if there are any gaps.
The 32-year-old ex-Celtic and Brighton winger joined the Hatters on a two-year deal last summer and played 26 times. Hatters boss Nathan Jones says Paddy has had to face up to some personal problems in recent weeks. Jones adds that he wanted to return to Northern Ireland to be closer to his family and play there again.
The 29-year-old officer suffered a leg injury after being hit by the Audi 4. The car was later traced and a man was arrested. He is expected to appear at Hamilton Sheriff Court on Friday. The police officer is in a stable condition in Hairmyres Hospital.
Forensic expert Susan Williamson was giving evidence at the trial of William Burns and Alexander Porter, who deny attacking Russell Findlay. High Court in Glasgow heard she examined a jacket, mail bag, a knife and a jar that had contained acid. Jury was told DNA matching Mr Burns was found on the jacket.
HebCelt is taking place in Stornoway and will run until Saturday night. This year's acts include The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan and Skerryvore. Also, the Peatbog Faeries and Dougie MacLean.
Figures show the number of women taking holy vows has trebled in the past five years. Fourteen of the women who entered convents in 2014 were aged 30 or under. Church says women are being drawn to religious life because of a "gap in the market for meaning in our culture"
Wolves forward Zyro faces a year out with a serious knee injury. The 23-year-old suffered damage to both the cruciate and lateral knee ligaments. Zyro was injured in Wolves' 2-1 win at MK Dons on Tuesday night. Midfielder Kevin McDonald was left out of the matchday squad.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 38, has been detained in Iran since her arrest last year. She was detained while trying to leave the country with her baby daughter after visiting relatives in April 2016. Her family denies she broke any laws. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, said his wife's detention was a "stain" on Iran.
Chesham United were 104 places below League One Bradford. The Bantams shocked Chelsea in last season's FA Cup quarter-final. Chesham reached the second round after beating Bristol Rovers. Gary Liddle and Devante Cole scored in injury time for the home side.
Wendy Sewell was found battered in a Bakewell cemetery in 1973. Stephen Downing admitted beating her with a pickaxe handle but later retracted that statement, only to be found guilty by a jury. Mr Downing was 17 at the time of Mrs Sewell's murder but was assessed as having a mental age of 11.
Cerys Yemm, 22, was killed by Matthew Williams, 34, in November 2014. Williams was Tasered by police and later died at the Sirhowy Arms in Caerphilly. PC Kelda Griffiths, who was the second officer into the bedroom, said Williams "didn't seem human"
Uruguayan foreign minister calls President Maduro a "petty dictator" in series of tweets. Mr Maduro accused Mr Almagro earlier this week of being a CIA agent and a traitor himself. He has blamed his country's economic crisis on an axis of enemy forces co-ordinated from the US.
Pangbourne station in West Berkshire is to close permanently. Royal Berkshire Fire and Rescue Service wants to save £1.4m. The closure of Wargrave station in Wokingham Borough was deferred for a year. The station is currently manned part-time by retained firefighters.
Government is fighting a challenge in the courts to make ministers accept that Parliament, not the prime minister, must decide when to trigger Article 50. Both sides are likely to appeal immediately to the Supreme Court for a further ruling. European laws are not decided in the grand building opposite Big Ben but, you guessed it, in the European Court in Luxembourg.
Leah Kerry was found unconscious at Bakers Park in Newton Abbot, Devon. Jacob Khanlarian, 20, was charged with intent to supply a class A drug. Two other girls believed to have taken the same substance were also taken to hospital over the weekend as a precaution.
The unnamed child's Bonus Bonds account was reportedly set up when he was born with just NZ$250 ($180; £140) worth of bonds, given by a relative. It is not known how the winner reacted to the news. Bonus Bonds pay out thousands of prizes to savers, lottery-style, every month.
Former Bristol Rovers trainee signs first professional contract with Forest Green. 18-year-old striker Olly Mehew also given a first senior deal. Forest Green finished second in the National League in 2015-16. Click here for more Forest Green transfer news. CLICK HERE for the latest Forest Green news.
Noble says it expects $1.2bn in asset impairment charges as coal prices remain at "lower levels for an extended period of time" The commodities trader also expects to book a loss from the sale of its agricultural unit. Noble's share price has lost 70% of its value since Iceberg Research alleged last year that it was inflating its assets.
Detective Botha was removed pending the result of an investigation into seven counts of attempted murder. National police commissioner Mangwashi Phiyega announced the change after a third day of testimony at Mr Pistorius's bail hearing. Pistorius, 26, denies murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp, 29.
Kirsty Williams has been a member of the Welsh Assembly since it was created in 1999. At 28, she was one of the youngest AMs elected. She successfully opposed her party entering into a so-called rainbow coalition with the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru in Cardiff Bay.
Only five of the 28 Nato members spend 2% of their annual income on defence. The White House has warned that the US could "moderate" its commitment to the 70-year-old defence partnership. Sir Michael said the UK had always met the 2% target but too many others did not and this was no longer acceptable.
Women in Iran have been required to wear a headscarf in public since 1979. They have also been banned from using social media to post pictures of themselves. Of the 170 people involved, 29 have been warned they will face criminal action if they do not change their ways.
World road champion Lizzie Armitstead finishes in the peloton to extend her overall lead over South Africa's Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio to eight seconds. 2014 winner Vos won the 119km stage from Nottingham to Stoke in a sprint finish. Sunday's 113.2km final stage runs from Northampton to Kettering.
The woman had minor facial injuries and a 57-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of assault. Post-mortem examination found that the cause of death was "not suspicious" A mandatory referral to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) was made because police had been in touch with the woman.
Stella was seized by Devon and Cornwall Police in 2014 and kept in a cage without exercise. Police said the dog was "deemed too dangerous to walk due to her aggressive behaviour" Owner Anthony Hastie had 21 days to appeal a destruction order passed by Torquay Magistrates' Court on 8 February.
The Chinese melodrama Mystery was named best film at Monday's event. The ceremony also saw two stars from the Philippines take home the main acting prizes. Nora Aunor, 59, and Eddie Garcia, 87, were named best actor for Bwakaw and Thy Womb respectively.
Former world champion Emma Pooley will target a gold medal at the Rio Olympics. The 33-year-old will target the time trial and may also support Lizzie Armitstead in the road race. British Cycling technical director Shane Sutton says he approached Pooley about a return. Sir Bradley Wiggins says he wants to keep riding beyond the end of 2016.
David Ellam, 52, was attacked as he walked his Yorkshire terrier, Rolo, near his home in Sheepridge, Huddersfield, last August. Aaron Joseph, 29, denied being the owner of a dog that caused injury while dangerously out of control in a public place. A trial date has been set for 5 February.
Jaz Oberoi said he was "accommodating" with police when they found the wires. But he found being questioned a second time "unnecessary" His train was held for 30 minutes on Friday evening while he was questioned. Police said the matter was "concluded"
Parliament paved the way for a change in citizenship laws two years ago. Many Sephardic Jews were killed, forced to convert to Christianity or leave at the end of the 15th Century. Portugal's Jewish community which once numbered in the tens of thousands has shrunk to just 1,000.
Catherine -  also known as the Countess of Strathearn in Scotland - joined dozens of school pupils and teachers at a tennis workshop hosted by Ms Murray. The events were part of a tour by Catherine of school-based charities in the city. Ms Murray said Catherine's participation in the class was "fantastic for tennis and women's sport"
The visitors went ahead when Gary Roberts won possession and found Michael Smith to slide the ball home.Wimbledon made a better start to the second half and Andy Barcham fired over, before dragging a shot wide. Kal Naismith missed a good chance to make it 2-0 to the visitors.
In the year to the end of March, 57 cases of homicide were recorded in Scotland. This is the lowest number for a single 12-month period since 1976. The majority of the victims were under the influence of alcohol or drugs. In the past year, attempted murder cases have risen by 27 per cent.
Leeds Rhinos host Championship side Featherstone in a local derby. Hull FC, last year's winners, host leaders Castleford Tigers. Wakefield make the trip to Salford. The ties will be played on the weekend of 17-18 June in England.
NI families have £105 a week discretionary income, the lowest of any UK region. The price of fuel is 10% higher than this time last year, NI households spend £28.90 a week on petrol. Low interest rates mean mortgage interest payments were 6% cheaper year on year.
Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton wins Italian Grand Prix at Monza. Team-mate Valtteri Bottas finishes second with Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel third. It is Hamilton's sixth win of the season and Vettel's fourth. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo finishes 16th after starting 16th on grid.
The athlete set records for the fastest marathon for a double amputee. He has won two Paralympic 200m gold medals. Photographer David Baird has charted Whitehead's progress for many years. Whitehead said the resulting exhibition was "quite special" He ran from John O'Groats to Land's End in 40 back to back marathons in 2013.
Labour's new leader said he wanted the weekly sessions to be less "theatrical" Mr Cameron agreed there should be more focus on "substantial issues" Mr Corbyn asked about housing, tax credits and mental health service cuts. BBC's Norman Smith said it was much calmer than normal but the PM had not been put under any real pressure.
Many of the crocodiles have been recaptured, but more than half are still on the loose. The owner was forced to open the crocodile farm's gates on Sunday to prevent a storm surge. The floods have also affected neighbouring Mozambique, where tens of thousands have been evacuated.
The European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre (EOWDC) is to be built off the coast of Aberdeenshire, Scotland. It will be the first of its kind in the UK and will be used to test new technologies. The project is expected to be completed by the end of 2014.
Conwy's drop-off point could be widened to provide a walkway on the right side for foreign-registered coaches. The work would cost Â£85,910. The council is proposing taking part of the car park away to give buses more room to park.
A spokesman for the bank said they were "working flat out to get these payments updated for our customers no later than Saturday" In 2012, the RBS group was hit by a major IT meltdown that led to a large fine. RBS, NatWest and Ulster Bank customers were affected in June 2012 after problems with a software upgrade.
Anis Amri killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into market shoppers. He was shot dead by police in Milan early last Friday, four days on from the attack. The 24-year-old Tunisian had opened fire, wounding one. German prosecutors say a video in which Amri pledges allegiance to IS is genuine.
Cardiff City are one point off the top of the Championship table. The club have won just one of their last seven league games. They face Manchester City in the Capital One Cup final on Sunday. The game will be played at Twickenham, the home of the Bluebirds.
Alasdair McCrone, of Mull Theatre, and Gordon McLean, of arts centre An Tobar, were among three directors of the umbrella body Comar. Comar's board said funding restrictions made it necessary to reduce three posts to one. Public meeting about the decision is to be held in Tobermory next week.
European and African leaders agree $1.9bn trust fund for Africa. Aim is to "address the root causes of migration" Meeting planned after 800 migrants died when boat sank off Libya in April. EU Council President Donald Tusk: Action to be implemented by end of 2016.
Wind power saved the UK Â£579 million in fossil fuel costs in 2013, report says. UK has imported more gas than it has produced domestically, it adds. UK established world's first legally binding climate change target in 2008. It requires governments to reduce greenhouse gas emissions by at least 80% by 2050.
NHS England is set to publish details of consultants' private work. Ministers have previously said the issue was too tricky to tackle. The private market is worth £4.6bn a year, according to market analysts Laing Buisson. The average basic salary for NHS work is £89,000 in England. But this ignores a number of ways doctors can make much more.
Sam Boulton, 26, was hit by a van at about 13:20 BST on 27 July. The road was closed between Station Street and the entrance to the station. He later died in hospital. Police have appealed for witnesses to the incident in Leicestershire.
Bath record eighth win in nine visits to London Irish's Madejski Stadium. Alafoti Faosiliva, Kyle Eastmond, Rhys Priestland and Nikola Matawalu score tries. Irish scrum-half Brendan McKibbin sent off for stamping on Henry Thomas.
The 1962 document is said to be one of the most important contracts in popular music. It is the only managerial contract signed by both the final line-up of the Beatles - John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr - and their manager. It was signed on 1 October 1962 at Epstein's office in Whitechapel, days before they released their first single, Love Me Do.
Tel Aviv is Israel's largest city and commercial centre. It is also a popular place to relax or party. It has taken a psychological adjustment for locals to realise that they too are now within the firing range of certain Palestinian rockets. Israeli military says its offensive is putting Hamas, which governs Gaza, "under great pressure"
Cole Doyle and his family had planned a trip to Costa Rica but the first leg of the journey was overbooked. The family travelled to two other airports and spent an extra C$1,000 (Â£590) to get a flight. The airline has now offered them compensation.
OECD study finds that Northern Irish pupils are more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK. They had an average satisfaction score of 7.24 on a scale from nought to 10, close to the OECD average of7.3. But worries about exams and bullying remain a problem for many young people.
Friday is likely to be the busiest day of the year, with more than 8,800 flights. Air traffic controllers expect to manage a record 770,000 flights in UK airspace over the summer. But the ability of the the UK's National Air Traffic Control Service (Nats) is being stretched to the limit.
Law enforcement can issue requests for user data that come with a gagging order, preventing the demand from being disclosed. Critics say the confidential nature of national security letters, which can be issued without a court order, makes them ripe for abuse by law enforcement.Reddit, Adobe and Tumblr are among the sites that have published warrant canaries.
Haryana has one of India's lowest gender ratios, with 877 women for every 1,000 men. This, say experts, is the result of illegal sex-selective abortions, female infanticide, parental neglect and discrimination against girl children. The competition organised by village leaders in Bibipur, Haryana attracted nearly 800 entries.
CCTV footage shows the aftermath of the attack in Nairobi, Kenya. At least 67 people were killed in the attack, which is believed to have been carried out by al-Shabaab. The group is a group of Somali militants who have been fighting against the Kenyan government for years.
Seven miles (11km) of shoreline were affected by the flooding. On Scratby beach alone, it is believed there are about 6,000 sq metres of waste. The operation is expected to take several weeks. The council hopes to recoup the money spent through government's Bellwin Scheme.
Public Health Wales said 21 of the 35 residents at the unidentified home had been ill since 10 April. It is unclear if the flu-like illness caused the death. Earlier this week, it was revealed that two people had died after a flu outbreak at two Swansea nursing homes.
Z Cars star said he came across a woman in labour while visiting London's Richmond Park in "about 1963" "I'd been brought up with babies and helping with babies, and I rushed across to her," he said. "I was wrapping her, wiping her, 'It's all right darling,' and I was licking the baby's face."
Dr Ian Paterson denies 20 counts of wounding with intent against nine women and one man at Nottingham Crown Court. He said he had never told alleged victims they had "a ticking bomb" of cancer inside them. Mr Paterson also said one patient, John Ingram, was a "quivering mass of anxiety", convinced he would get cancer.
Arctic Mission have just left Alaska and have a 3,500 mile journey ahead. The team are taking the journey to draw attention to the melting sea ice. Watch Whitney's video to find out more about the Arctic Mission's mission to raise awareness of the melting ice.
Google's shares jump 7.5% in after-market trading as traders welcomed the better-than-expected results. The share price had already risen 3.5 per cent during normal trading hours. The search giant's all-important advertising revenue was also up 11%, to $16bn.
Dettori, 46, was competing for the first time since he was thrown from his mount before racing at Great Yarmouth on Tuesday. Senga is trained by Pascal Bary and was ridden by 39-year-old Frenchman Stephane Pasquier. Sistercharlie was second, with Terrakova third.
Gateshead beat Wrexham 2-1 in their Championship clash. Josh Gillies and Sean Newton scored for the Tynesiders. Ryan Bowman scored a fine winner for Gateshead in the second half. Gateshead boss Malcolm Crosby: "We were disappointing in the first half"
The Philippines brought the case to the Permanent Court of Arbitration. The tribunal ruled that there was no evidence that China had historic rights to the waters or resources that fell within its "nine-dash line" The Philippines has had diplomatic spats with China over the Scarborough Shoal and Spratlys in particular.
Mahmoud Amir Alagha is working in four dimensions to capture digitally the way partial paralysis affects people's expressions. His research is supported by the university which awarded him a scholarship and supported him when he applied for permission to stay in the UK. The 28-year-old graduated with distinction in his Masters degree and hopes to take his research to a higher level.
The 54-year-old man died at St John's Hospital in Livingston. He had suffered head injuries during an incident in King Street, Bathgate. Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward. The arrested man is due to appear at Livingston Sheriff Court on Monday.
Leyton Orient have been sold to a consortium of investors. Italian businessman Francesco Becchetti had owned the club for three years. Nigel Travis has been appointed as chairman of the club. Former owner Barry Hearn will retain ownership of Brisbane Road. The club's 112-year stay in the English Football League came to an end last season.
The Fixed Term Parliaments Act was introduced after the 2010 election to bind together the two parts of the new coalition government. The discretion of prime ministers to pick the timing of elections was removed and the dates fixed five years apart. The Act provides two mechanisms by which an early election could be triggered, which are: taking each in turn.
South Oxfordshire District Council's headquarters in Crowmarsh Gifford was one of three properties wrecked in blazes on Thursday. A 47-year-old man has been charged with arson and is in custody. White Horse District Council, which shares the building, said 72 staff would work from its Abingdon office.
NHS England said 999 calls for ambulances rose 4.5% last year. Ambulance trusts paid private companies and voluntary organisations £68.7m in 2015-6. Unions attacked "creeping privatisation" and called for more money for staff recruitment.
The Reds led in the 15th minute when Divock Origi flicked in from close range. Roberto Firmino made it 2-0, heading in Nathaniel Clyne's cross. Tom Naylor inadvertently put the ball in his own net after the break. Daniel Sturridge tapped in his first and then thumped home the Reds' fifth.
Left-arm spinner Anya Shropshire is set to return to the England side. She has been out of action since the World Twenty20 in New Zealand in March. She was injured during a warm-up match against Sri Lanka in April. Shripshire will be back in action against Pakistan in the second ODI on Sunday.
The 31-year-old former Newcastle United centre-back has joined the Championship side until the end of the season. Taylor played under the late Sir Bobby Robson during his time at St James' Park, a legend at both Newcastle and Ipswich. He says there are similarities with the regime under Town boss Mick McCarthy.
The 16-year-old was raped at an unknown address in the Bolton area. Greater Manchester Police have released an e-fit image of the men. Detectives want to hear from anyone who recognises the men in the image. Anyone with any information is asked to contact Greater Manchester police or Crimestoppers.
Atkinson has made 20 appearances for the Magpies since signing in July 2015. The 22-year-old has yet to play in a League Two game this season. He could make his debut for the Heed when they travel to face Guiseley on 25 October.
President-elect says he does not need daily intelligence briefings. Republican Senator John McCain says CIA report "should alarm every American" Obama has ordered a complete review of the hacks, which targeted emails at the Democratic Party and the emails of a key aide to Hillary Clinton. Russian officials have repeatedly denied the hacking accusations.
Government bond yields hit a five-month high, while shares fell 1.9%. The opposition Socialists struck a deal with two smaller far-left parties. The deal all but guarantees Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho will fall. Portugal's only investment grade credit rating will be assessed on Friday.
The 19-year-old is in her second year of competition at the Federation Internationale du Ski (FIS) snowboard cross World Cup circuit. She competes in Germany this weekend looking to improve on her season best finish of 26th place claimed in the USA on 21 January. The 2018 games' opening ceremony takes place on 9 February 2018 in South Korea.
James Mackie, 30, Derek Finlay, 31, Gordon Ellis, 24, and Scott Smith, 23, raided the flat on 8 January 2015. A stolen phone with a tracking app took the police to the gang. They also made off with a haul of Â£2,500.
The 29-year-old made 37 appearances for the Sky Blues last season. Reid could make his debut for the U's in Wednesday's EFL Cup first-round tie against Championship side Aston Villa. Colchester started the season with a 3-1 defeat at Accrington on Saturday.
Cameron Toshack is the son of former Swansea boss John Toshack. He helps coach the Swans' under-23 side. Swansea were beaten on penalties by Coventry City in the Checkatrade Trophy. Cameron is the first person at Swansea to complete the Elite Coach Apprenticeship Scheme.
Children from deprived backgrounds twice as likely to face police action than better-off children who commit the same crime.Living in poverty also increased the likelihood of violence among both boys and girls. Scottish government says Scotland is becoming a safer place to live. Study has tracked 4,300 young people in Edinburgh since 1998 to better understand changes in their behaviour.
Shana Grice, 19, was found with her throat cut in her bedroom in August 2016. Her ex-boyfriend Michael Lane, 27, had placed a tracker device on her car. Miss Grice contacted police several times about Lane's unwanted attention. The police watchdog has begun an investigation.
Rebel Developments is one of the UK's largest computer games companies. Its best-selling titles include Sniper Elite and Rogue Trooper. It has also owned cult UK comic book series 2000 AD, and publishes a range of novels. CEO Jason says he tries to run his business according to a medieval knight's code of conduct.
10 people have been affected by E. coli in Bordeaux. It is thought a number of them had eaten rocket and mustard vegetable sprouts. They are believed to have been grown from seeds sold by Thompson and Morgan. The Ipswich-based company told the BBC it had no evidence of a link.
Hartlepool Borough's council asked the area's clinical commissioning group to explore with the bidder how it could reach the required standard. But, the CCG said it could not lawfully treat one bidder differently. Care Fertility, which operates 15 clinics across Britain and supports fertility services in Hartlepool, said in January it was "disappointed not to be awarded the contract"
A 26-year-old man driving a Saab died at the scene. A 200m-length section across four lanes had to be resurfaced after a fuel spillage. Two lanes closed on the northbound carriageway of the M6 at junction 3A near Coleshill reopened by 13:00.
Stacey Flounders, 26, is the mother of Mr Johnson's one-year-old daughter. Mr Johnson, 28, denies two counts of sexual activity with a child. She told the jury he told her "everything" about kissing the girl. She admitted she suspected him of being unfaithful but had no evidence.
The Social Mobility Commission warns of many "treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still" It points to an unfair education system, a two-tier labour market, a regionally imbalanced economy and unaffordable housing. The commission's State of the Nation 2016 report was laid before Parliament on Wednesday.
Iran has carried out several such tests since a 2015 deal which relaxed sanctions against the country. The UN Security Council is to hold a meeting on Tuesday about the missile launch, at the request of the US. Netanyahu said he would raise renewing sanctions when he meets US President Donald Trump in February.
Network Rail said it would provide Twitter updates of engineers installing new freight lines over Easter weekend. But Railway Magazine said the firm's PR team had gone into overdrive after work overran during the festive period leading to heavy criticism.Major work, including extensive signalling improvements, is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday.
Bristol's Lee Haskins defends his IBF world bantamweight title against Ivan Morales at Cardiff's new Ice Arena. Selby, 27, is brother of current World IBF Featherweight champion Lee Selby. Andrew Selby made a dazzling start to his professional career, beating Tanzanian Haji Juma in Newport on October, 2015.
Glasgow lost their opening match of the Champions Cup to Northampton. The Saints were dominant in the scrum and dominated the line-out. It was sobering stuff for coach Gregor Townsend. The reality of European rugby hit them right between the eyes. Glasgow must find the venom that typified the Saints.
PremiershipCeltic 2-0 Motherwell and Hearts 1-1 Inverness Caledonian Thistle. ChampionshipDumbarton 2-2 Ayr United and Falkirk 1-2 Falkirk. League One: Dundee United 2-3 Dundee. League Two: Aberdeen 2-1 Rangers and St Mirren 4-1 The New Saints. League Three: Hearts 2- 0 Hamilton Academical and St Johnstone 1-0 Ross County.
Alex Baptiste, Che Adams and Billy Sharp scored for the Blades. Chesterfield remain four points above the relegation places. Blackpool can move to within a point of the Spireites if they beat Rochdale later in the day. The Tangerines are in the last relegation spot.
Welsh place names are particularly important, as they tend to be descriptive of the conditions at the time of naming. English place-names are subject to obscure influences from Latin, German, French and Scandinavian languages. Wales does not have a national place-name body monitoring trends and derivations.
Labour launched its Welsh campaign in a seat it lost to Plaid Cymru in 2001. Shadow Welsh Secretary Owen Smith said it was the most important general election for a generation. These cards have become an essential campaign tool since John Prescott took to his battlebus in 1997.
Rachel Morris wins arms-shoulders single sculls gold for GB. Lauren Rowles and Laurence Whiteley win trunk-and-arms mixed double scULLs. James Fox, Pam Relph, Dan Brown and Grace Clough win mixed coxed four. Lora Turnham wins B 3km individual pursuit in track cycling.
Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has asked Sir Richard Henriques to make recommendations about ways to improve procedures. Operation Midland inquiry into a 1970s and 1980s paedophile ring is among inquiries that will be examined. Force has come under fire amid claims it over-reacted to allegations.
It is the second year in a row that the prize has been open to all authors. The winner will be announced on the BBC at 21:45 BST on Monday. The shortlist includes two authors from the UK, one from the US and one from Nigeria. Last year's winner was The Narrow Road to the Deep North by David Walliams.
Koran was read during an Epiphany service at St Mary's Cathedral in Glasgow. It tells the story of the birth of Christ to the virgin Mary. It also says that Jesus is not the son of God and should not be worshipped. A number of people have written open letters complaining about the reading.
Anders Behring Breivik is serving a minimum 21-year sentence for the bombings and shootings in Oslo and Utoeya island last July. The Norwegian authorities have not commented on the letter. His lawyer has confirmed that the details of the 27-page document leaked to Norway's VG newspaper are authentic.
Soren Kjeldsen and Keegan Bradley are three shots off the lead. Rory McIlroy shot 71 in the worst of the weather to finish eight shots off. World number three Jordan Spieth shot a 75 to finish right on four-over-par. Andrew Johnston is the highest-placed Briton on four under.
The draft document now in the public domain had a very limited circulation. Members of Labour's National Executive that I have spoken to hadn't seen it. And sources close to both the party leader and the Unite leader Len McCluskey are trying to point the finger at the party's deputy leader, Tom Watson.
Experts are cautious because the drug, aducanumab, is still in the early stages of development. But a study in Nature has shown it is safe and hinted that it halts memory decline. Larger studies are now under way to fully evaluate the drug's effects.
It comes after paediatric pathologist Dr Caroline Gannon resigned over interventions by Mr Larkin on abortion laws. Foyle MLA said the attorney general was supposed to be above politics. Dr Gannon investigated the deaths of babies including those in the womb or stillbirths. She said the final straw for her was having to advise a couple to use a picnic cooler bag to return their baby's remains to NI.
Richard Brittain, a former champion on the TV programme Countdown, used Facebook to find Paige Rolland, 18, at her work. He admitted assaulting Miss Rolland with a bottle to her severe injury on 3 October 2014 at Asda, Glenrothes. Brittain uploaded part of a published book of his called The World Rose onto a website called Wattpad.
Atletico Madrid held to a 1-1 draw by Barcelona at the Nou Camp. Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring before Diego Godin equalised. Diego Costa and Arda Turan both went off injured in the first half. Barcelona would have won the title with a win, but Atletico held on.
The Beatrice Offshore Windfarm Limited is being constructed in the Moray Firth at a cost of Â£2.6bn. Energy firm SSE is among the scheme's investors. A total of 84 turbines are to be installed by Seaway Heavy Lifting.
Czech Republic is celebrating its 60th anniversary of independence from Great Britain. The country is also celebrating its 50th year of being a member of the European Union. The celebrations are being held in the cities of Helsinki, Kaunas and Malmö, as well as in the towns and cities of Finland.
A blue plaque has been unveiled recognising the work of Edward "Taffy" Bowen. The physicist's work contributed to the development of radar technology. Mr Bowen also played a key role in developing radio astronomy in the United States and Australia. He grew up in the city and graduated from Swansea University in 1930.
Mr Jenkinson, 42, from Y Ffor, near Pwllheli in Gwynedd, suffers from panhypopituitarism. The condition has left him with just 5-10% vision in his left eye and 50% in his right. He has no perception of 3D and is also colour-blind.
Charity is campaigning to help protect ancient or old trees. Currently around 2% of the UK is listed as ancient woodland. UK has seen around 45 rare species of trees disappear in the last 100 years. The Government have been talking about the issue in a new White Paper, which presents ideas for changes to the law.
More than 100 officers surrendered at the base in Badakhshan province. They were released after reportedly handing over their weapons. The surrender was the largest by Afghan security forces since Nato ended its combat mission in December. The Taliban have stepped up attacks during their annual spring offensive.
Folk music played a large part in this year's opening ceremony of the Cardiff Bay World Music Festival. We asked ten of the leading musicians in Wales to share their favourite songs from the tradition. The Triple Harp is considered by many to be Wales' national instrument.
In 2014-15, 83% of critical care patients were discharged to another ward, up from 79% in 2011-12. Health boards have been told to cut delays in transfers and discharges, equivalent to the loss of 16 beds. Deputy Health Minister Vaughan Gething said continuous improvement was needed.
Los Angeles will join the MLS for the 2017-18 season. Will Ferrell was the first American to manage a Premier League club. He lasted just 85 days before being sacked by the Swans in December 2016. The team will play at the purpose built Banc of California Stadium.
IS killed and enslaved thousands of Yazidis after seizing the northern town of Sinjar in 2014. Many Yazidis were held captive by IS as the group took over large swathes of northern Iraq. UN estimates that 1,500 women and girls are still being held and could be suffering protracted sexual abuse.
The panic turned into a stampede as bystanders mistook selfie sticks for weapons. 11 people were treated for bruising and heart palpitations. The detained women, aged between 20 and 25, were in the town accompanying a youth group trip. They have since been released but will be charged with public order offences.
BBC Sport assesses every team to have played an international match. We take into account goals scored, goals conceded and strength of opposition. No English or Italian teams feature in the top 10 teams of all time. Click through the gallery to see the rest of the list.
The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.8 - which means it was very strong. It struck between the capital city of Kathmandu and another city, Pokhara. Many buildings have been reduced to rubble and injured people are being taken to hospital for treatment. The earthquake was felt in nearby countries Pakistan, Bangladesh and India.
Board of Community Health Councils refuses to say why chief executive Tony Rucinski was suspended. He raised concerns the board's chair Mutale Merrill may have been influenced by a government minister to stop him doing media interviews. Ms Merill said she does not accept the emails' content is "factually correct"
Sovereign Military Order of Malta was founded by a Benedictine monk. The Knights have had a long history of displacement around the Mediterranean. They have observer status at the United Nations, just like the Vatican. Pope Benedict is a member of the monastic order, having joined 15 years.
Carr died in Los Angeles after complications from a rare form of dementia. In her role in the 1965 film, she famously performed the song Sixteen Going on Seventeen. Her mother had arranged for her to audition for the role, although she had had no singing or acting lessons. The real life Liesl, Agathe von Trapp, died aged 97 in 2010.
Ardit Ferizi from Kosovo pleaded guilty to charges of providing material support to America's enemies. The computer hacker shared the personal data of more than 1,000 American military and government personnel. He was arrested in Malaysia in October 2015 and extradited to the US in January this year.
The vast majority of you were on the money when it came to predicting the top two. Lewis Hamilton was top of the pile for 24% of BBC Sport's predictor users. Valtteri Bottas was picked to finish second more than any other driver. Sebastian Vettel was picked more times to finish third (7.5%) than anyone else.
Kevin Hurley, Surrey Police and Crime Commissioner, said he had considered seeking her dismissal before she took over the national policing role. He said concerns about public protection and child safeguarding in Surrey were down to a "failure of leadership" Mrs Owens said she underwent a "lengthy and thorough" NCA interview process.
North Cumbria University Hospitals Trust said it was discovered over a week ago by a member of staff who alerted senior clinicians. Trust said there was "no indication that any patients have been adversely affected" This breaking news story is being updated. Please refresh the page for the fullest version.
Singer Rod Stewart is given a knighthood for services to music and charity. Prof Sue Black, a world-leading expert in forensic anthropology, becomes a dame. Lord Smith of Kelvin, the man tasked with chairing the cross-party commission on Scottish devolution, is made a Member of the Order of the Companions of Honour.
The 23-year-old scored three tries in Wales' 61-20 win over Italy in March. North is one of 10 players retained for the final warm-up game against Italy. It was his first game since suffering a head injury against Wasps in April.
Isabelle Prime was working as a consultant on a World Bank-funded project in Yemen. She was captured, along with her translator Sherine Makkaoui, on 24 February. Her father Jean-Noel said he was "unbelievably happy" to have her back.
RMT members working for CalMac are preparing to hold a second 24-hour strike on Friday. Union members within Argyll Ferries are also to walk out. The dispute has been triggered by the tendering of Clyde and Hebrides ferry services. Unions have concerns that the new contract will not protect jobs and pensions.
England face Sri Lanka in the World Twenty20 in Delhi on Saturday. Victory would secure England's place in the semi-finals for just the second time. James Vince replaced the injured Alex Hales and was the first to fall as England lost five wickets for 15 runs against Afghanistan on Wednesday.
Hundreds of people have been injured and more than 5,000 are being housed in tents set up in emergency camps. Thousands of buildings, roads and bridges in five villages have been damaged or destroyed. The head of the the provincial relief agency, Dortis Sawaki, said many more people were missing.
Police seized computers, mobile phones and sketches in the raids. One of the men is wanted by Algerian authorities for alleged links to IS. The other is wanted on suspicion of falsifying identity documents. Germany's security concerns have risen since last year's Paris terror attacks.
The 28-year-old was charged on 29 July with breaching FA rule E8. Rule E8 bars professional players from betting on football-related matters. Lafferty made one league appearance for Norwich last season. He was an unused substitute as Norwich started their Championship season with a 4-1 win over Blackburn.
George Wharton, 14, and Rhy Baker, 13, died in the crash in Morley. Thomas McMeekin pleaded guilty to dangerous driving at Leeds Crown Court. He was accused of "showing off" while driving the car his mother bought for him.
The man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts and terrorist training as he stepped off the plane from Istanbul on Thursday evening. He remains in custody at a south London police station. Scotland Yard officers are searching a property in east London, Scotland Yard said. The man's name has not been released by police.
Mr Oyston sued Stephen Reed over material posted on a fans' webzine. Mr Justice Langstaff ruled Mr Oyston was blameless and Mr Reed's allegation was untrue. Mr Reed was among a number of Blackpool supporters unhappy about the way the Oyston family have run the football club.
Talks between Syrian government and rebels in Geneva have failed to reach an agreement on a ceasefire in Homs. More than 600 women and children have been allowed to escape the city after a three-day truce. But a UN aid convoy still came under fire as it delivered food and medicine to the city.
The Holiday Inn Express in Picardy Place was put up for sale in November. Its owners, the European Development Company (EDC), ran into financial difficulties. The Grade B listed building consists of 161 rooms and has planning permission for a 20-bedroom extension at the rear of the property.
Andre Ward will defend his WBO, WBA and IBF light-heavyweight titles. The American beat Russian Kovalev by unanimous decision in November. The 33-year-old says he is looking forward to making a statement in the rematch. The build-up to the fight has been heated with the Russian storming out of the press conference.
Protesters waved placards reading "justice is not for sale" and "defend legal aid" Bar Council, which represents barristers, said the plans threatened a "world-renowned" justice system. Government said the right to a fair trial would not be affected and lawyers would have to meet quality standards.
Rochus Misch was the last survivor from Hitler's bunker in Berlin. He was part of the Fuehrer's inner circle as a bodyguard, courier and telephone operator. He said he was on the telephone when Hitler killed himself, so did not hear the gunshots.
Ulster beat Ospreys 30-8 in their final game of the season. The result leaves them second in the Aviva Premiership, one point behind second-placed Leinster. The final round of fixtures takes place on Saturday, April 28. The winner of the final game will qualify for the play-off round.
Blaze started at the ICL UK Boulby mine at 00:30 BST on 13 April. Seven workers were taken to hospital and treated for smoke inhalation. HSE said a notice had been served in relation to the underground fire. More than 100 staff were underground at the time, 11 of whom were temporarily unaccounted for.
Ralph Clarke is accused of 31 offences against three children between 1974 and 1983. He denies 17 charges of indecent assault, 12 offences of indecency with a child and two attempted serious sexual offences. The trial at Birmingham Crown Court is expected to last until the end of the month.
Essex make one change with Jamie Porter replacing Matt Quinn in their seam attack. Glamorgan are unchanged and captain Jacques Rudolph chose to bat first. Both sides face a hectic schedule of five limited-overs games in a week as the One-Day Cup and T20 Blast groups both reach their climax. Essex lost to Surrey by 66 runs despite 131 from Jesse Ryder, while Glam Organ went down by 33 runs away to Somerset.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is on a two-day tour of Australia. Liam Fox will travel from the US to meet Mexican counterparts. David Davis will hold private talks in Germany ahead of the next round of negotiations. The UK is seeking a "comprehensive free trade deal" with the EU.
Hertfordshire Police are looking for Aidan Chaves in connection with an incident of affray in Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire. The Essex Senior League match was abandoned after 95 minutes. It followed reports a player appeared to get a knife out after being spat at by a Clapton fan.
Dog walker spotted the body in Vernatt's Drain, near Pinchbeck Road bridge. Police recovered the body from the water after being alerted shortly after 14:00 GMT. Officers had been initially treating the death as unexplained, but said they are now classing it as not suspicious.
The village of Pisky is one of the most embattled places on the Ukrainian front. Of a pre-war population of 3,000, there are now only around 40 people left. Anatoliy and Svetlana Kosse, both aged 68, were among the few residents still here.
Cardiff Devils face Sheffield Steelers in the Challenge Cup final on Sunday. Steelers coach Paul Thompson says the Devils have an advantage over them. League rules state teams cannot change fixtures within four weeks of a game. The Devils are currently top of the Elite League standings on 71 points.
Collins, 66, suffered a severe gash near his eye after falling on the way to the toilet. His management said he had stitches in hospital for the cut, and will be kept under observation for 24 hours. Shows were meant to take place on 8 and 9 June and have now been rescheduled for November.
Natalie Queiroz, 40, has been moved from critical care to a ward. She was attacked on Hollyfield Road, Sutton Coldfield, near Birmingham. Babur Karamat Raja, 41, is charged with two counts of attempted murder. He was remanded in custody at Birmingham Magistrates' Court.
World number 20 Dave Gilbert was knocked out in the quarter-finals. Referee Rob Spencer failed to call a time foul on China's Xiao Guodong. Event winner Anthony McGill said "in no way on God's Earth should this be a ranking tournament" World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn said he was "very pleased" with the outcome.
Dujardin, 30, set world records in winning the freestyle dressage and grand prix events last year. Double Olympic and world champion will ride Uthopia instead of her usual horse Valegro in Wednesday's freestyle. Four members of the Whitaker family, John, Michael, Robert and William, are also set to compete during the week. Ben Maher, another London 2012 gold medallist, seeks to defend his Grand Prix title on Monday, 21 December.
Trainer John Gosden let the unbeaten 4-7 favourite race after he walked the course. She beat runner-up Vintage Folly by a length and three quarters. Gosden is concerned about the ground for his colt Cracksman in Thursday's Dante Stakes and will again walk the course before deciding whether he runs in the Derby trial.
Ayotzinapa students were last seen alive during a protest in the town of Iguala. Police fired on them and rounded them up, eventually handing them over to members of the Guerreros Unidos drug gang, who are widely thought to have killed them. The students' families refuse to believe they are dead.
Norris was speaking at a public debate on diversity in UK theatre at the NT in London. Only one actor with a "visible disability" had been noted across all theatre sectors, (the West End, regional and subsidised) Norris said he was considering whether to introduce quotas to improve diversity within the organisation.
Dunlop, 27, lapped the course at 132.36mph on his BMW superbike. He was only four seconds outside John McGuinness' absolute lap record. Ian Hutchinson was second fastest in the Superbike class with 131.66. Michael Rutter moved to the top of the Lightweight Supertwins leaderboard with a lap of 118.054mph.
Sheep rustling is a problem in the Yorkshire Dales and efforts are being stepped up to tackle it. Claims for stolen livestock totalled £6.6m in 2014 - equating to 89,000 sheep disappearing. Police are using new technology and better training to identify stolen animals.
The Anthony's chain of food outlets included restaurants in the city's Corn Exchange building and a patisserie in the Victoria Quarter. The firm was founded in 2004 by chef Anthony Flinn and his father. Administrators said there was not enough money for the firm to continue trading.
Police seized 12kg of "high purity cocaine" equivalent to 48kg of cut cocaine. At least 36kg of mephedrone worth up to £300,000 was also seized. 11 of the 13 defendants from Blaenau Gwent were jailed for drugs offences.
Sally Shalloe, 51, died when her bicycle was hit by David Staley's motorbike. Staley, 32, admitted causing Ms Shalloe's death by dangerous driving. He is due to be sentenced on 13 May at Nottingham Crown Court. Ms ShallOE worked as a research fellow at the University of Nottingham.
Critics say the new contract involves pay cuts of up to 30%. "normal hours" would be extended to include 7am to 10pm on every day except Sunday. The BMA said the sticking point was over classifying Saturday shifts in the same way as weekday ones. The Scottish and Welsh administrations said they will continue with current arrangements.
Foredowne Boarding Kennel is facing allegations about how dogs were kept. Whistleblowers say dogs were put in 3ft by 9ft cages and not exercised. The kennel said it was staffed by "animal lovers who work tirelessly to care and rehabilitate the dogs"
Two suppliers, one making seats and the other parts used in gearboxes, have stopped delivering to VW in a contract row. Car and parts production has already been halted at four plants and will be stopped at two others later this week. They are demanding compensation from VW because they say they their incomes were hit when VW cancelled a contract.
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg says the party wants to put young people at the heart of its policies. The party is also looking to cut the number of years a person can stay in the UK without paying a tax. The Lib Dems are also proposing a ban on people being jailed for possessing small amounts of cannabis.
Mohammad Amir takes 3-63 as Pakistan beat West Indies in Abu Dhabi Test. West Indies lose Marlon Samuels off the first ball of the final day. Day-night cricket looks to have failed in the United Arab Emirates. The pink ball had to be changed after just three overs on the fourth day.
The EAW operates EU-wide and replaced separate extradition arrangements between the EU member states. The EAW was introduced in January 2004, and was prompted by the international anti-terror drive after the 11 September 2001 attacks on the US. Poland issued the most EAWs - 4,844. Of those, fewer than half were executed - 1,367.
Across the UK, 12,000 midwives will have to time theirs around delivering 1,800 babies. At care homes in England there will be 200,000 staff sitting down to eat during a break in their shift. At University College Hospital London it will be "business as usual", but with some extra Christmas magic.
Ferrari were the only team to run the soft tyre, which is about a second a lap faster than the medium used by Mercedes. Nico Rosberg was third fastest, 0.503 seconds slower than Vettel, with Lewis Hamilton a further 0.157secs adrift. Max Verstappen was sixth following his promotion to Red Bull.
Jacky Sutton, 50, was found dead in a toilet at Istanbul's Ataturk airport. She was the acting Iraq director for the Institute for War and Peace Reporting. Her sister Jenny Sutton said: "At this stage we believe that Jacky acted alone" An investigation into the death is currently being carried out by Turkish authorities.
England begin their campaign against Spain in Dublin on Wednesday. Hooker Vicky Fleetwood will also remain in England for the next few days to undergo rehab for a minor injury. England head coach Simon Middleton said: 'While it's disappointing for Emily, we know she will rehab diligently and we hope to have her fit and ready on standby'
Julie and Tony Wadsworth deny assaulting seven boys in the 1990s. Accuser claims he had sex with Julie Wadsworth up to 15 times, between the ages of 14 and 18, including once when her husband Tony joined in. He told the jury he sent messages to Mrs Wadsworth years after the alleged abuse when "drunk, depressed, or down"
Astana's Fabio Aru won stage three of the Criterium du Dauphine. Team Sky's Chris Froome trails Tinkoff's Alberto Contador by 13 seconds. Froome will attempt to defend his Tour de France title from 2 July.
Goals from Declan McManus and Joe Cardle had the hosts 2-0 up in 11 minutes. Craig Sibbald was red carded for foul and abusive language. Lee Miller was also sent off for an elbow on Nat Wedderburn. Tom Taiwo scored for the Bairns to put the result beyond doubt.
8-page booklet gives advice on who can vote, how to register and a page on each of the lead campaigns. It is part of a Â£6.4m awareness campaign organised by the Electoral Commission. People not on the electoral register have until 7 June to apply for a vote.
Claim is based on an assessment of the rocks underlying the ice stream. If the front of the glacier retreats about 150km, it will then enter a reversal that takes it 200-250km further inland. If that happens, the ice loss could push up global oceans by 2m, or more.
Richard Nixon fired Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor in the Watergate scandal. The president had lost his moral authority, argued his critics, and with it, his ability to govern. Nixon's Attorney General, Elliot Richardson, and his Deputy Attorney General resigned rather than carry out the president's order.
Incident happened on EnQuest's Thistle platform, off Shetland, last December. Workers now face cancer fears, and blood tests are ongoing. EnQuest said "additional precautionary steps" had since been taken. Unite union: "Unite believes that the way these workers has been treated is terrible"
Anton Levin, from Dagenham, was stabbed at a house in Southend in November 2014. Three others were convicted last June for their role in his killing. Suleiman, 28, was arrested in Norway and extradited back to the UK. He was jailed for 16 years with a five-year extended licence.
The vessel, thought to be just 20m (70ft) long, capsized at midnight local time in Libyan waters south of the Italian island of Lampedusa. At least another 900 migrants have died crossing the Mediterranean this year. Italy's PM said it was a European tragedy and called for an extraordinary EU summit on the migrants issue.
Shrien Dewani, 34, from Bristol, is accused of hiring a hitman to murder his wife. He denies any involvement and was extradited to South Africa in April. His legal team argued that his mental health was too fragile for him to stand trial. His trial is due to begin on Monday and is expected to last two months.
Liam Plunkett takes three wickets as England beat Sri Lanka in second ODI. Kusal Mendis (53), Dinesh Chandimal (62) and Angelo Mathews (56) make half-centuries. Rain delays start of run chase and England were 16-1 at stumps. England lead the five-match series 1-0.
Of the 19 councils first involved, only 13 are left. Two, Chesterfield and Bassetlaw, have decided they would rather be part of a deal already signed off with Sheffield. Nottinghamshire County Council is keen to keep the North Nottinghamshire towns and villages as part of their devolution deal whenever it comes.
AFC Wimbledon are investigating a coin-throwing incident from the Charlton supporters' area. The incident resulted in an assistant referee being hit on the back of the head. Wimbledon chief executive Erik Samuelson said the incident "does not reflect well on anyone"
Andrew Shinnie, James Keatings and Chris Humphrey banged in three goals inside 13 first-half minutes. Dean Hoskins converted a penalty for Hibs. Jason Cummings scored twice for the home side. Lewis Stevenson, Jordon Forster and Kieran McGachie also on target.
The 22-year-old was born in Edinburgh but plays for Cape Town-based Stormers. He has been called up to the Scotland squad for the first time. Scotland face Japan in a two-Test series starting on June 18. The match will be shown live on BBC One and BBC Two Scotland.
Britain's longest-serving monarch celebrated her 90th birthday on 21 April. A host of events were held over three months, from April to June. Trooping the Colour was held on Horse Guards Parade, followed by an RAF flypast. The Queen sent her first ever tweet in 2014 when she opened an exhibition.
The Rev Canon Alison White was made the Bishop of Hull in a service led by Archbishop of York Dr John Sentamu. She and her husband, Bishop Frank White, are the UK's first husband and wife bishop partnership. A man wearing a dog collar interrupted the proceedings by holding up a banner and shouting in protest.
Ball has taken six wickets in his first two County Championship matches. The 25-year-old has been in fine form since returning from a spell on the sidelines with the England ODI squad. He was the second-highest wicket taker in the County Championship last season.
"Sealand" was declared an independent state in 1978. It has been the scene of many battles between the British government and pirates. The island has been home to many of the world's most powerful pirates. It is now home to a small community of people who live off the land.
The UOGB had sought a High Court injunction against the rival group of British players. The judge ruled in favour of the UKUO, saying it was not in competition. The UO GB said they was considering further legal action to protect their "name and reputation"
Multiplication was a "very important" part of a child's mathematics knowledge, Mr Gibb said. Plans for such a test were in the Conservatives' election manifesto. The check will be taken by Year 6 pupils in the spring of 2019 - the cohort currently in Year 4 - alongside their national curriculum tests.
US military says strike in Kunduz may have caused "collateral damage" At least 12 MSF staff members and seven patients were killed in the incident. The hospital, run by the medical charity MSF, was severely damaged. The Afghan interior ministry said a group of 10 to 15 militants had been hiding in the hospital.
McChrystal is the latest summer signing for the Crues after the arrival of Brian Jensen, Sean Ward, Jamie Glackin and Mark McAllister. The 33-year-old's previous clubs also include Derry City and Tranmere Rovers.
Dedel and his family migrated to the Amazon region from the drought-ridden north-east of Brazil. They wanted to combine their old farming practices with the sustainable extraction of oil from the andiroba tree. The settlers' main problem has been the opposition of big logging companies who lay claim to their land.
Ulster Rugby said several other Pro12 clubs had not worn poppies at the weekend. It said its players had observed a minute's silence and it would hold a memorial service on Tuesday. Some fans described the absence as "shameful" and a former soldier said it was an insult.
Johnson scored 15 goals in 41 games for the Heed this season. He signed in July 2015 following his release by Cardiff City. The 23-year-old has also had spells with Stevenage and Tranmere. Heed finished ninth in the National League, 13 points outside the play-off places.
The site is believed to contain thousands of copies of ET The Extra-Terrestrial. It is thought to be one of the worst video games ever made. Gordon Sinclair from retro gaming event Play Blackpool shares his 'top 5' worst games. The list includes Cassette 50, Rise of the Robots, Superman and Busby 3D.
Most MSPs on the equal opportunities committee endorsed the Marriage and Civil Partnership Bill. But some members were either not convinced by the bill, or had concerns that it lacked adequate protections. The legislation still needs to go through three stages of voting at parliament before becoming law. Both the Church of Scotland and Roman Catholic Church are opposed to the proposals.
Whistleblowers say they were employed by two front-companies set up by a gang of professional fraudsters. They describe working in "call centres" in two Indian cities. As many as 60 "employees" work in shifts in each office, they say. They say they convinced victims to install a computer virus.
Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospitals NHS Trust said it is "working hard already to address the issues" Care at the trust was given an overall rating of "requires improvement" CQC said: "The trust was rated as 'inadequate' with regard to whether [it] was always providing a service that is safe"
Scottish Labour's Jackie Baillie said growth had fallen under the SNP. Dean Lockhart of the Scottish Conservatives told the programme that the SNP had to take responsibility for economic performance. David Johnstone is the managing director of the digital marketing agency After Digital. He said it is very difficult for colleges and other training providers to keep up-to-date with developments.
The 33-year-old mother had a section of her ovary removed 11 years ago. She conceived naturally and gave birth to a baby boy two weeks ago. Edinburgh University scientists are freezing tissue from the reproductive organs of boys and girls as young as one. The tissue can be re-implanted once they reach adulthood.
Nick Yarris spent 22 years on death row for crimes he did not commit. He educated himself about the law, and sometimes read up to three books in a day. He has now written his own book about his life called "The Fear of 13" He has spoken in front of the United Nations and European Union officials.
Bedene, ranked 51 places below Coric at 109 in the world, won 7-5 4-6 6-1. Slovenian-born 27-year-old slipped out of the world's top 100 in a disappointing second half to 2016. Marin Cilic and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga are the top two seeds in Marseille.
It looks pretty likely that the cross-party amendment on giving Parliament a final vote on the Brexit deal will be pushed to a division. The opportunity for the Commons to accept or - more likely - reject the changes made by peers will be blocked by the debate on the Budget. There will be plenty to watch out for in what will be the last full-scale budget in March.
Nóirín O'Sullivan said policing is a profession that constantly needs new people. She said over 500 new recruits every year were needed to deal with emerging crime trends. The general secretary of the Superintendents' Association Denis Ferry said the gardaí needed at least double the level of service.
Curtis has been a Swansea player, coach, community officer, youth coach, assistant manager, caretaker manager (twice), match day host and head of youth development. The 61-year-old faces arguably the toughest challenge in his 44-year association with the Swans - to keep his beloved club in the Premier League. Curtis was a fearsome striker, capped 35 times by Wales while playing for Leeds United and Southampton.
Jurgen Klopp's side are third in the Premier League after 2-1 win at Vicarage Road. Liverpool midfielder Emre Can scored a stunning volley in the second half. The German has scored 11 goals in 100 league starts for Liverpool. The goal of the season will be chosen at the end of the campaign.
Researchers are preparing to contact all 6,400 families in the country affected by the condition. Children who have a parent or sibling with type-1 diabetes will be invited for a blood test. Those at risk will be offered a drug called metformin to see if it can hold off diabetes.
Karen Jacquet, 59, was pronounced dead at the scene in Newark. Yousef Mohammed, 65, appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court charged with her murder. He was remanded in custody and will appear via a video link at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday. Neighbours have spoken of their shock and floral tributes have been left.
Founded in 2007 by two former Amazon employees, the company is hugely popular for selling books and electronics online. It has 22 million registered users and handles over 150,000 shipments a day. India's e-commerce market was worth $13bn in 2013, with online travel accounting for more than 70% of transactions.
Communities Secretary Sajid Javid told BBC One's Question Time the referendum result had been "very, very clear" But three judges ruled that the PM could not trigger the formal Brexit process without Parliament's backing. The Supreme Court is expected to hear the government's appeal next month.
The party's leader Dimitris Stratoulis was reportedly attacked after a football match. He is said to have suffered light injuries. Golden Dawn is one of the most right-wing parties in Europe. Its anti-immigrant language and logo, redolent of a swastika, underline why many call it neo-Nazi.
The Dundee-based company said shareholders had wanted changes to be made to improve performance. Chief financial officer Alan Trotter is to leave Alliance Trust, while chief executive Katherine Garrett-Cox is to step down from the board. The firm aims to simplify its structures and reduce costs by £6m per year by the end of 2016.
Arsenic occurs naturally in the Earth's crust, but if it leaches into groundwater, long-term exposure can cause serious health risks. Scientists used information about the geology of the country to predict the areas most likely to be affected by the poison. Their findings suggest that 19.6 million people in China could be exposed to unsafe levels in their drinking water.
UK Anti-Doping is investigating a'mystery package' sent for Team Sky's former rider Sir Bradley Wiggins at a race in 2011. Team Sky has since accepted "mistakes were made" over how medical records relating to the package were kept but denied breaking anti-doping rules. Froome: "Without Dave B, there is no Team Sky"
The council has to save £45m in 2014-15, £63m in 2015-16 and £48m in 2016-17. In the 1980s, the council set an illegal budget which led to the ban of 47 councillors. The council has now agreed to a legal budget for the next three years.
Knowsley has the lowest percentage of A-level students in the UK. The school has agreed to stop offering A-Levels in August 2017. The decision was made by the school's board of governors, not the local council. The board said it would work with the council on a new A-levels scheme.
England face South Africa, Fiji, Argentina and Australia in the autumn. Hartley is favourite for the Lions job in 2017. The 45-man group assembled in Teddington last weekend, a matter of weeks after the successful tour of Australia in June. The new club and country agreement will be of great benefit to the national side.
Protein-infused patch encourages the growth of healthy cells and leads to less scarring. Researchers say the patch may one day revolutionise treatment for heart attacks. But further studies need to be done to understand whether this type of approach would work on larger animals and ultimately humans.
Peter Whittingham's contract at Cardiff runs out in the summer. The 32-year-old has been with the Bluebirds for a decade. Cardiff face Aston Villa in the Championship on Monday 2 January. Warnock says he will not be rushed into signing a new deal for the midfielder.
Proms director Edward Blakeman maps out the season on sheets of paper. The aim of this meticulous planning is to deliver the musicians and their instruments to the Royal Albert Hall in the best possible condition to perform. With 118,000 tickets sold in just 12 hours, there are huge numbers of people to cater for.
President Obama visited Ireland in May 2011. He went to his ancestral home in the small village of Moneygall, Co Offaly. Kevin O'Malley expects the trip to happen within the next 12 months. Mr Obama will officially leave the White House when President-elect Donald Trump is inaugurated on 20 January.
Manchester United drew 1-1 with Liverpool at Old Trafford on Sunday. Paul Pogba missed a first-half chance and conceded a penalty. The France player's emoji was shown on advertising boards around the pitch. Zlatan Ibrahimovic has 4.3m followers on Twitter, 1.24m more than Pogba.
94 women in Northern Ireland each year are diagnosed with cervical cancer. Approximately 22 will die. Tara Millar from Belfast was diagnosed on 1 April 2015. She was offered the choice of joining the UK trial. The trial, which is called Interlace, is being conducted by Cancer Research UK.
Scotland face Slovenia at Hampden Park on 26 March. The Scots are second bottom of Group F with four points from four matches. Scotland boss Strachan has been in charge since 2013. The 60-year-old signed a new two-year contract in October 2015.
Possible stone tools were discovered alongside the smashed up remains of a mastodon (Mammut americanum)- an extinct relative of mammoths and living elephants. Researchers conclude that these represent hammerstones and anvils - two types of stone tool used by prehistoric cultures. But many experts contacted by the BBC said they doubted the claims.
Former Nottingham Forest defender signed for Longford AFC in January. The non-league side has lost all its games this season and conceded 178 goals. Pearce was due to play for the club last month, but the match was called off. The 53-year-old will turn out for Langford AFC against Wotton Rovers on Saturday.
The US foots more than a quarter of the UN's $7.9bn (Â£6.1bn) peacekeeping bill. A spokesman for UN Secretary General Antonio Guterres said the organisation was willing to discuss how peacekeeping could be made more cost-effective.
Albert Anthony Smith McDonald, 58, was found with head injuries. He was found on Cumbernauld Road, Riddrie, at 21:25 on Monday. Police said Mr McDonald's family were "completely devastated" by his death. Officers said the car driver is assisting with their inquiries.
Most children in the UK are not allowed to go out without their parents. The UK is the only country in the world that allows children to drive without a licence. It is also the only nation that allows parents to take children to school without a license. It's the first time the UK has allowed parents to leave their children home alone.
The 33-year-old was injured while grabbing onto a toilet at Colchester police station. All six officers face allegations of assault and using excessive force. The tops of three of the man's fingers on his left hand were severed. IPCC said it would look at whether the officers' restraint was "appropriate"
Carl Tremarco, Josh Meekings, Miles Storey and Jordan Roberts score for Caley Thistle. Kris Doolan scores consolation goal for Partick Thistle in Maryhill. Partick sit six points ahead of the relegation zone with three games left.
Around 1.3 million single parents are owed money the CSA ruled they were entitled to - and some have been waiting years. The CSA's role was to calculate maintenance - and ensure that non-resident parents paid up. But it has been dogged with problems.
Comedian was asked to answer questions about his tax affairs. He deleted the reporter's phone number and email. But not before some said they had contacted him. Some Twitter users said they would report him to the police if he did not delete the information. He is seen as having a negative influence on political debate.
Opinion polls suggest a centre-left alliance is running ahead of the hawkish Likud Party. But election night on 17 March promises to be an exciting affair. The peace process between Israel and the Palestinians has never felt like a major campaign issue. The three traditional Arab parties have combined into a unified list.
Aberdeen have reached a deal with Lloyds Bank to end their long-term debt. Celtic have no bank debt and their interim results for the financial year to 31 December showed a surplus in the bank. St Johnstone, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and Hamilton Academical are all free of bank debt.
Gao Yu, 71, was found guilty of sending an internal Communist Party document to a Chinese-language website in the U.S. Foreign governments and rights groups have condemned the guilty verdict, calling it politically motivated. On Thursday, Ms Gao confessed to the crime and expressed regret for her actions.
David Knight was killed by a train near St Austell after going on leave from a Somerset hospital. Inquest heard Mr Knight was being treated there because there were no acute psychiatric inpatient beds available in Cornwall. NHS said 30 adult mental patients were placed out of Cornwall in 2015/16, 150 the year before.
Klopp has signed a three-year deal with Liverpool worth £15m. The 48-year-old was appointed as Brendan Rodgers' successor on Thursday. Liverpool are 10th in the Premier League, six points off the top. Klopp won the Bundesliga twice and reached the 2013 Champions League final.
More than 6,000 volunteers collected litter along 340 beaches across the UK. More than 8,000 bottles were picked up during the Great British Beach Clean Up. The MCS wants deposit return schemes, which give money back to people who return empty bottles, to encourage recycling.
The 20-year-old made 12 appearances this season as Pompey won the League Two title. Whatmough has played 50 games in total for the club. He said: "I've seen a lot of hard times as the club struggled and slid downwards through the leagues. But now we are on the way back up again and it's great to be involved and play a part in that"
James Graham's political play This House has just transferred to London's West End. It debuted at the National Theatre in 2012, and recently had a run at the Chichester Theatre. The play deals with the struggles of the Labour government between 1974 and 1979. Graham says he is working on a TV drama about the referendum campaign.
Celebrity Big Brother was beaten in its 21:00 BST timeslot by Hugh's War on Waste on BBC One and The Investigator: A British Crime Story on ITV. peak audience came around the 22:00 mark, when 2.5 million viewers were watching the show.
The Badger Trust says culling will not stop TB and may in fact help spread it. The government's plans are likely to result in farmers funding contractors to shoot badgers in a number of areas of England. In 2010, 25,000 cattle were slaughtered as a result of TB infection, costing the UK taxpayer Â£100m per year.
BBC Points West's political editor Paul Barltrop reports on the latest developments in the UK. The UK has been rocked by a series of violent incidents in recent weeks. The violence has been blamed on a string of high-profile figures, including former Prime Minister Tony Blair and former President David Cameron.
The biggest is a $47.5bn (Â£38.6bn) civil claim brought by Brazil's federal prosecutors. Under the deal, the firms will provide an initial $681m in compensation. The collapse of the dam killed 19 people and created a river of millions of tonnes of toxic waste.
The new design will mean a 2in (5cm) reduction in headspace for passengers. Air vent and light controls will be easier to reach. The new bins can be retrofitted to any of the "Next-Generation" 737s, of which 5,000 are currently in service.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the first Test in Port Elizabeth. Stephen Cook's second-innings 117 set up the win for the home side. The second match of the three-match series takes place in Cape Town on 2 January. South Africa are on track for a third-straight series win after losing number one ranking.
He was held in Essex by officers working on the investigation into historical sex crimes. The probe was launched in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal. The man has been released on bail until early December. He is the 19th person arrested under the Yewtree probe.
Latham smashed Colin Ackermann for six to reach his hundred but was caught behind off Neil Dexter for 124.Opener Steel went on to make his century off 242 balls, before passing his previous first-class best of 128. Steel ended unbeaten on 145 as Durham closed on 324-4.
Pritchard has agreed a four-year deal at Carrow Road. The 23-year-old has scored a total of 20 goals in 100 matches on loan away from White Hart Lane at Peterborough, Swindon, Brentford and West Brom. Jones, 30, has signed a two-year contract after leaving Portsmouth.
The pound has gained 1% and the stock market is down more than 2%. A lot of that happened before Theresa May called a snap election for 8 June. Since the big fall in sterling after the referendum result, the pound has tended to rise at times when a softer Brexit has looked more likely.
Pearse Jordan was shot in the back by an RUC officer as he ran from a stolen car he had been driving on the Falls Road in 1982. A judge said there was a basis for concluding the officers, known as M and Q, may have perverted the course of justice and committed perjury while giving evidence.
Nine-month-old Millie Thompson, of Stockport, fatally choked on her lunch at Ramillies Hall School and Nursery in October 2012. Childcare and Education Minister Sam Gyimah said Millie's tragic death was "a wake-up call" and an independent review of early years educators was of "utmost importance"
Councils had been criticised for the speed that they were housing people. A total of 5,454 people have been resettled in the UK since October 2015. Conwy and Denbighshire are the latest authorities to become involved. The majority of the refugees in Wales were taken in the second half of 2016.
Andy Murray beats Canadian Milos Raonic 6-4 7-3 7-6 (7-2) in Wimbledon final. Scot is the first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1935. Raonic was making his Grand Slam final debut, helped along the way by John McEnroe.
Ashley Sibery, 39, persuaded Sital Sibery to take the class A drug minutes after she confronted him about his drug habit in their home. The court heard how Sibery wanted his wife to experience the feeling he got when he took the heroin. Mrs Sibery collapsed and started having difficulties breathing. Sibery pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable and reckless conduct.
Shrewsbury's Gomis Ogogo has resumed training after a knee operation. The 27-year-old suffered medial knee ligament damage against Scunthorpe. The former Arsenal trainee joined the club from Dagenham & Redbridge in June 2015.
Four-time Tour de France champion Froome finished in the bunch on the 198km stage from Escaldes-Engordany. Quick-Step Floors' Trentin reeled in and surged past Spain's Juan Jose Lobato, with Belgium's Tom van Asbroeck third in Tarragona.
The two-time major winner last won at the Tournament of Champions in January 2016. Spieth carded a seven-under-par 65 in the third round to move to 17 under. Brandt Snedeker (67) is second on 11 under, one ahead of Dustin Johnson and Kelly Kraft.
Twelve homes were evacuated after the hole opened in Ripon, North Yorkshire. The hole measured about 20m (66ft) by 10m (33ft) and 9m (30ft) deep. The BGS said Ripon lies in one of the most susceptible areas of the UK for sinkholes.
England face India in three one-day internationals and three Twenty20s. The tourists lost the Test series 4-0 and are without a series victory in India since 1984. England have won one and lost one of their warm-up matches against India A. Jonny Bairstow disputes claims that England will struggle with the bat.
Careers Wales says it is facing a "budget shortfall" and "all options" are being explored. The Welsh Government said it was aware Careers Wales was consulting on a "voluntary release scheme" Unison said all employees had been written to asking if they would take voluntary redundancy.
Lithuanian pair win gold in the men's 4x100m freestyle relay. British pair win silver in the women's team event. The event is not currently part of the Olympics but could be in 2020. The women's event will be held in Rio de Janeiro in 2016.
The 30-year-old joined Napoli in 2009 from Siena. Zuniga played for four years under new Watford boss Walter Mazzarri. He is Watford's fourth summer signing after Christian Kabasele, Jerome Sinclair and record buy Isaac Success.
Spending reviews - where the chancellor sets out how much each government department can spend for the next three or four years - were introduced by Gordon Brown in 1998. George Osborne says he has now reached a settlement with all government departments. Health, schools, international aid and defence will escape cuts but Mr Osborne has asked unprotected departments to find £20bn in savings.
The 84-year-old actor played the British spy in seven films between 1973 and 1985. He praised Daniel Craig's performances in his new book, Bond on Bond. Craig's third Bond film, Skyfall, is due for release in the UK on 26 October. He said: "With a twitch of the old eyebrow I set pulses racing across the world"
Essex avoided the follow-on by one run. Kent closed on 288-5, a lead of 437, opting not to set Essex a target. Northeast shared an unbroken 185 with Will Gidman (63 not out) as runners-up Kent batted through the remainder of the day.
Questions are being raised in the province around radicalisation. Police have not said what motivated Alexandre Bissonette. He is accused of opening fire at the Quebec Islamic Cultural Centre. He was known to have expressed anti-immigration and anti-feminist views online. He has been charged with six counts of first-degree murder.
ITV's pre-tax profits rose 39% to Â£605m for 2014. 226 union members voted to strike out of a UK workforce of 3,000 employees. Bectu general secretary Gerry Morrissey said staff were "very unhappy" with the pay offer.
Glamorgan lost James Harris to Middlesex at the end of last season. The Welsh county won three of 16 games in the County Championship Division Two last year. Glamorgan have added Australian bowler Michael Hogan and Zimbabwean batsman Murray Goodwin to their squad. Their first game of the season is against Northamptonshire on Wednesday.
In 2014 England and Wales had 146 prisoners per 100,000 population. Scotland had 145 and Northern Ireland had 93. Clegg had called for the prison population to be cut from more than 85,000 to the level in 1993 of about 45,000. In the last five years it has been pretty much static at about 85,.000.
Marie Black, 34, of Norwich, stood trial with nine others, including five women. She was convicted of offences including rape and inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. Michael Rogers, 53, from Romford, was found guilty of 14 counts including cruelty and rape. Six other defendants, Anthony Stadler, Nicola Collins, Andrew Collins, Judith Fuller, Denise Barnes and Kathleen Adams, were cleared of all charges.
Review from the International Programme on the State of the Ocean (IPSO) warns that the oceans are facing multiple threats. They are being heated by climate change, turned slowly less alkaline by absorbing CO2, and suffering from overfishing and pollution. The report warns that dead zones formed by fertiliser run-off are a problem.
The Office for Budget Responsibility has increased its prognosis of how much the Treasury will raise from existing taxes. It has also reduced what it thinks the chancellor will shell out in interest on its massive debts. In total the OBR thinks the national debt, the aggregate of the annual deficits, will be £23bn lower over the four years to 2020.
One of Tata's two galvanised steel lines could be closed from the end of October or November. Tata announced it was mothballing part of its plant in Newport for the third time in six years with the loss of hundreds of jobs. The Shotton site is part of Tata Steel Colors which produces metallic and paint coated products.
Police and the RSPCA are investigating the find near Bundaberg in Queensland. It follows an expose by the Australian Broadcasting Corporation earlier this year. The ABC aired disturbing footage of greyhounds chasing live pigs, possums and rabbits. Dozens of trainers have been suspended across the country, some have been banned from ever participating in greyhound racing again.
Sunderland manager David Moyes was in the stand watching Falkirk's 2-1 win at St Mirren but did not confirm if he was there to watch the teenage left-back. The 17-year-old was dropped to the bench for that victory after playing six consecutive games in the first team.
Daniels brought a chirpy, cheeky persona to his act - albeit one which was not to everyone's taste. He seemed to thrive on close contact with his audience. His illusions - most of which he devised himself - broke new ground in terms of complexity and sophistication.
Govia Thameslink (GTR), parent company of Southern rail, paid £2,233,000 in 2015-16, which it said was about 50% more that in 2014-15. Consumer group Which? lodged a "super complaint" amid claims the system for obtaining compensation for delayed journeys was too complicated.
Body of Peter Wrighton, 83, found three miles south of East Harling in Norfolk. He had been repeatedly stabbed. Police want to trace three men seen around the woodland close to the time he died. There have been no arrests and no weapon has been found.
Scott Ludlam, deputy leader of the Australian Greens party, made the announcement in a Facebook post. The 46-year-old said he had been dealing with mental health issues "for a while" Mr Ludlam is a popular figure among young left-wingers in Australia.
Staff at Breckland Council will not be paid in future for the time they take to have a cigarette. Smokers' lobby group said everyone was entitled to a break during work. Council said the move was aimed at making the issue of smoke breaks fairer for individuals who did not smoke.
At least 80 people were killed during the attack during a sell-out gig by US rock group Eagles of Death Metal. University of Nottingham student Hanna Corbett said there was blood all around and people lying on top of each other. She said: "There was this banging which seemed like a real gun - I'd never heard one before"
England were reduced to 29-5, with Sarah Taylor out for a second consecutive duck. Ellyse Perry took career-best figures of six wickets for 32 runs. Australia are now up 8-2 on points in the seven-match series. England can no longer win the series, but could secure an unlikely draw.
Two people have died after drinking cyanide-laced coffee. The coffee was ordered by a woman in Jakarta. The woman's name has not been released. The incident is being investigated by the Australian Federal Police (AFP) The incident occurred on January 6 in the city of Wirraway.
Burke is the most expensive Scottish player in the history of the game. The 19-year-old joined RB Leipzig in a deal worth £13m from Forest. Motherwell player-assistant manager James McFadden believes the move will benefit both the player and the national squad.
Samantha Ho, 39, was found in Curlew Place, St Neots, Cambridgeshire. Her husband Timothy Allen, 40, is due to go on trial for her murder next year. Mr Allen was due to appear via video link at the Old Bailey, but it was decided he did not have to attend.
Officials say journalists who filmed Bowatte Indarathana's self-immolation could have tried to have him rescued. The Media Ministry Secretary, Charitha Herath, said the monk had told at least one TV journalist of his plan. The monk was protesting against the slaughter of cattle and the alleged conversion of Buddhists by Sri Lanka's minority faiths.
Hitachi is to buy Horizon Nuclear Power, intending to build reactors on existing sites at Wylfa, Anglesey, and Oldbury, near Bristol. Prime Minister David Cameron said it was a major step for the UK. No firm investment commitment will be forthcoming until the government comes up with a minimum price for nuclear power.
Ian Murray says a new generation must now safeguard the party's future. He has given his backing to Kezia Dugdale, ahead of her MSP rival Ken Macintosh. He is also backing Yvette Cooper to become the next Labour Party leader. Mr Murray was the only Labour candidate to win in Scotland at May's election.
The film took $774m (£499m) at the global box office. In the US it took $204.6m (£132m) according to early estimates. Jurassic World opened in 66 foreign markets in total, earning $307m (£198m) China accounted for $100.8m (£65m) - almost 20% of its total haul.
Cassie Sainsbury, 22, was stopped at an airport in Bogota on 12 April. She could face up to 25 years in jail, according to her sister, Khala. The drugs were hidden inside 15 pairs of headphones that she bought during a holiday. Her family has started an online campaign to help cover legal fees.
Michael Krohn-Dehli put Sevilla ahead in the 52nd minute. Vicente Iborra scored for the hosts six minutes later. Barcelona have now lost consecutive away games in La Liga. Barca are still serving a 14-month transfer ban imposed by Fifa.
Lawnmowers, a scarifier and a turfer were taken from the Lockerbie site. The raid took place between 09:00 on Thursday and the same time on Friday. Det Con Scott Barr said it appeared to have been a "targeted raid"
Oscars host Hugh Jackman will be remembered mostly as the guy who presented in his pants. The actor was one of a team of 12 Oscar writers. The script saw Harris referring to Reese Witherspoon as someone he could eat "with a spoon" A part where he asked David Oyelowo to read an insult about the remake of Annie was fist-gnawingly uncomfortable.
As an EU member, the UK and UK-based firms can sell their goods to EU customers without having to pay additional taxes. British firms and consumers can import from the EU tariff-free. The UK's new schedule will have to have the consent of the other WTO members.
The plastic moulded figures made their debut in the UK at the British Toy Fair in 1966. They were hugely popular, with sales topping 20 million by the end of the 1970s. Hasbro has announced it is releasing a set of vintage figures as part of the anniversary celebrations.
The giant orb was created by Bristol-based artist Luke Jerram. Each centimetre of the internally-lit structure represents 5km (3 miles) of the moon's surface. Mr Jerram said it would give people the chance to "study every detail of its surface" and "bathe in moonlight"
Engineers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology pioneered a method for glass 3D printing. When the nozzle releasing a stream of molten glass is raised above a certain level, that thread begins to wobble. It traces out waves or loops - which the team found could be controlled by adjusting the speed of the nozzle. Those shapes then become the building blocks for intricate, 3D objects.
The 17-time Grand Slam champion beat France's Gasquet 6-4 6-2. Federer, 33, paid tribute to compatriot Stan Wawrinka, who helped set up the victory in Lille by beating Jo-Wilfried Tsonga before partnering Federer to win the doubles.
The M77/A77 has reopened northbound at junction 8 Kilmaurs in East Ayrshire. The M8 westbound was closed for five hours at Newhouse in North Lanarkshire. The Met Office has issued amber "be prepared" severe weather warnings for Central, Tayside and Fife.
The Seasiders' Andy Taylor came close to the opening goal after five minutes, curling just over from 20 yards. Michael Harriman's looping 20-yard strike came back off the crossbar in the 25th minute. The hosts almost snatched a winner in the 81st minute, forcing goalkeeper Jamal Blackman to produce a fingertip save.
Two shots were fire through windows of the house in Moneyleck Park. The man, who was in the house at the time, received hospital treatment for his injuries. He has since been discharged from hospital and is recovering in hospital. The incident took place at about 22:20 GMT on Monday.
The children had found the keys to their mother's car in the floor mat. They were driving three miles down the road when they lost control. The children were not hurt but the mother could be charged with a crime. The incident is being investigated by Putnam County Sheriff's Office.
Officers called to Leith Walk at about 06:00 following reports of a man with a neck injury. He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary where his condition was described as serious. Anyone with information is urged to get in touch with police on 0800 555 111.
10 US servicemen and one woman died after their Flying Fortress bomber crashed in the Isle of Man. Lt Robert Vielle, an experienced and decorated pilot, had been flying a B-17G from England to Northern Ireland. The aircraft veered off-course by several miles before coming down and bursting into flames.
The Supreme Court case related to federal law limiting gun ownership for people convicted of domestic violence. Justice Thomas has said in the past he prefers not to "badger" lawyers as they present their arguments in court. He spoke weeks after the death of one of the most conservative Supreme Court members, Justice Antonin Scalia.
The move comes a day after a federal appeals court in San Francisco lifted a ban that had been in place since 2008. But the opponents say the appeals court acted prematurely because by law they had more time to appeal before the ban can be lifted. On Saturday the Alliance Defending Freedom, which supports the ban, filed the petition asking the Supreme Court to overrule the order.
Finance committee wants Derek Mackay to hand over detailed planning information. Mr Mackay said he would publish some extra "high level" information. But opposition members said he had been "ambiguous" and had not been clear about what information would actually be provided. He has delayed publication of his first set of spending plans until after the Chancellor's Autumn Statement.
Dougie Brown steps down as Director of Cricket of Warwickshire. The 46-year-old was appointed in January 2013, succeeding Ashley Giles. Under Brown, the Bears won two trophies, the T20 Blast in 2014 and One-Day Cup last month. But they only avoided relegation in their final County Championship game.
Sixteen men and eight women competed in the World Gravy Wrestling Championships. Organiser Andy Holt said it was "harder than it looks" The tenth event was held in aid of East Lancashire Hospice. The wrestling ring is a 14ft by 13ft pool which is padded to reduce the risk of injury.
Kevin McGuigan Sr was shot dead at his home at Comber Court in the Short Strand on Wednesday. Police believe two men shot him several times in the head and chest at point blank range before running off. BBC understands the 53-year-old was one of a number of suspects in the murder of Gerard 'Jock' Davison in May.
Kemp, who last played Grant Mitchell in 2006, said it would be "a brief return" "When I was approached about returning to EastEnders for Barbara's final episodes, it was something I could not turn down," he said. Dame Barbara announced her character would be killed off.
Officers are claiming for injuries sustained when stopping the cars. Owner's no-claims bonus can be affected and their car insurance premiums can increase as a result. BBC unable to discover how many claims individual police officers have pursued. Police Service of Northern Ireland said they did not have a record of such claims.
Roslyn Condie admitted being the owner of a dog which was dangerously out of control. The Staffordshire Bull Terrier, Nipper, bit the postman on the leg leaving a puncture wound. Sentence was deferred on Condie for six months at Dumfries Sheriff Court.
Rotherham United were relegated from the Football League in 2005. Chairman Tony Stewart bought the club and moved them to the New York Stadium. The club won promotion to the Championship last season after a play-off final win. Stewart says he is proud of what the club has achieved in six years.
A minute's silence was held and the names of all the victims were read out. President Hollande said France would "do all it can to destroy this army of fanatics" He vowed that France would respond with more music, concerts and sporting events. Not all victims' families accepted the invitation to attend the service.
John Lamont has resigned from the Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire seat. He is seeking to unseat the SNP's Calum Kerr in Scotland's most marginal constituency. The by-election will take place in the next five weeks. The Lib Dems have put forward Catriona Bhatia as their candidate.
Accident happened as the train was departing Leuven station at a slow speed. The train was heading towards the capital, Brussels. Last June at least three people were killed and nine injured in a train crash in the town of Hermalle-sous-Huy, near Liege.
Virtual reality is still pretty new, and scientists aren't sure how it will affect people's health in the long-term, especially eyesight. Most VR makers have guidelines which recommend that only people over the age of 13 play them. Some people have also reported feeling a bit seasick whilst playing on them.
John Lahiff, 75, disturbed the crocodile while looking for a ball in water at the course in Port Douglas, Queensland. He was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. Mr Lahiff said he had seen crocodiles there before and "should have realised to be a bit more aware"
Bloomington city employees receive paid time off for Columbus Day and Good Friday. Mayor John Hamilton said the move would "better reflect cultural sensitivity in the workplace" But the move sparked a backlash on social media, with opponents condemning it as an act of political correctness. Columbus Day became a federal holiday in the United States in 1937.
Investment in offices alone slumped from £500m in 2014 to £30m in 2016. Edinburgh registered a particularly strong year for investment, with almost £1.2bn transacted. Glasgow saw a "more muted" 12 months, with transaction volumes down by 59% at £280m.
Jeremy Corbyn said the prime minister's position owed less to "great philosophers" than the hapless sidekick from the 1980s BBC TV show Blackadder. Mrs May noted Sir Tony Robinson, who played Baldrick, was a Labour member. Sir Tony later described the pair as "a beardy man and a grumpy lady"
JK Rowling, who wrote the film script for Fantastic Beasts, will also write the sequel. Warner Bros said the second film "moves deeper into an increasingly dark time for the wizarding world" The first film, starring Oscar-winning actor Eddie Redmayne, is due out in cinemas on 18 November.
Silk Road 2.0 was a copy of the original site and allowed people to use bitcoins to anonymously buy and sell drugs and other illegal goods and services via the Tor dark web network. It was shut down in 2015, following Operation Onymous, raids that targeted almost 400 suspected illicit marketplaces.
Animal rescue officer Sian Robertson said they were alerted when a nurse became suspicious while feeding it. She said: "When I arrived, I took one look at the little fluffy animal and knew she was a fox cub - and a very cute one at that!" The Scottish SPCA is caring for the animal, now named Husky, and will be released into the wild in the summer.
Yafai knocked down Muranaka in the second round. The 27-year-old recorded his 22nd unbeaten fight. Sam Eggington won the European welterweight title with an emphatic ninth-round win over Spain's Ceferino Rodriguez. Yafai's younger brother Gamal was also victorious on the undercard.
Fo, whose plays include Accidental Death of an Anarchist and Can't Pay? Won't Pay!, won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1997. He was also known for Mistero Buffo, a one-man play he travelled the world with for 30 years. Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi remembered him as "one of the great protagonists of theatre, culture and the civic life of our country"
Cornwall Live said its journalists were told they could not broadcast the PM's visit via Facebook Live. The publication, owned by Trinity Mirror, took to social media to vent its frustrations. The Conservatives said the reporters' request to film had "not been possible" because a pooled resource had already been agreed.
The bodies of Sharon Dodd-Archibald and Mary Archibald were found on Sunday. Police are awaiting the results of toxicology tests and post mortem examinations. No faults were found with the boiler during tests carried out by the Health and Safety Executive and Scottish Gas.
King's consortium received about 85% of the votes cast. The new board has already appointed shareholder Douglas Park as a director. David Somers, who was chairman, and James Easdale had already resigned from the board. Llambias and Leach are associates of Sports Direct and Newcastle United owner Mike Ashley.
Daniel Mould, 25, of Chester Terrace North, remains in police custody charged with murder. Michael Stead, 34, suffered serious head injuries during the attack in Sunderland. He died last week after being taken to hospital with head injuries. Michael Young, 25,. formerly of Rutherglen Road, Sunderland, has also been charged with. murder.
The second series of the BBC One drama takes up the action as Gemma's estranged husband Simon (Bertie Carvel) and his new family return to the fictional town of Parminster. The first series' final scene saw Gemma and her son together, seeing her former husband with his new partner.
Racism in football has hit the headlines at Premiership level recently. BBC Wales investigation indicates it's also a feature of the amateur and grassroots game in Wales. Teams from black and ethnic minority communities tell of comments, abuse and hostility they say they encounter at some matches.
Ashley Yates, 45, used a spy pen to record images of pupils and staff. He admitted charges of making indecent images of children and voyeurism. Yates had been in post as head at The Tynings Primary School in Staple Hill, South Gloucestershire for eight years.
Vietnam has called the reported move a "serious violation" The Philippines and Australia also expressed concern. China dismissed the reports as "hype", but said it had the right under international law to defend itself. Several nations claim territory in the resource-rich South China Sea.
Pink Dot has been held every year since 2009. But this year it falls on the eve of Ramadan, prompting an Islamic teacher to start a campaign against homosexuality. The Wear White campaign has been supported by a Christian organisation. The backlash has reignited the issue of gay rights in the city-state.
UK economy has performed robustly in the face of dire warnings that a vote to leave the European Union would lead to an immediate and negative impact on economic performance. But inflation is starting to nibble at the bathers' toes. Inflation's rise to its highest level for two years can be directly linked to the value of sterling.
Bees and other insects thrive in towns and cities as well as farmland. Scientists say urban areas should be given more support to protect bees. A total of 7,412 insects were recorded in and around cities and towns across the UK. The study was funded by the Natural Environment Research Council and others.
The girl, called Nieve, was attending the Handmade Parade in Hebden Bridge. She needed eyelid surgery and suffered "potentially irreparable damage" to a tear duct. The dog, believed to be a Staffordshire bull terrier, was on a lead at the time of the incident.
At least two overcrowded boats were towed by local fishermen to the shores of Aceh province on Sunday. Indonesian authorities and aid agencies believe the rescued group had been at sea for about a week. They may have been trying to reach Malaysia, said Steve Hamilton of the International Organisation for Migration.
The Office of Rail and Road said it had safety concerns over the West Coast Railway Company (WCRC) It follows an incident last March in which a locomotive stopped across a busy main line railway junction near Royal Wootton Bassett. WCRC and a driver are facing criminal proceedings after allegedly breaching health and safety laws.
George Osborne's stated aim was to create what he called a "new settlement" He adopted a series of Labour policies - a higher re-badged minimum wage, a levy on firms to pay for apprentices. This in addition to delivering Tory promises to cut income tax, corporation tax and inheritance tax.
It is the first time that a non-premium brand has come first in the annual study by consultancy J.D. Power. Worst performers were Daimler's Smart, Fiat, Volvo, Land Rover and Mini. For only the second time in the past 30 years, US brands received better marks collectively than foreign cars.
Safid is currently one of thousands of migrants living in the Jungle in Calais, France. More than 600 child migrants arrived in the UK without their parents last month alone. Safid says he will do whatever it takes to try and get to Britain soon. Find out why child migrants want to come to the UK.
DUP and Sinn Féin are neck-and-neck in the race for power-sharing. The two parties will now hold talks at Stormont to try and form a government. DUP leader Arlene Foster says the election is a victory for those who chose devolution over direct rule.
Police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across Canada motivated by hate, a 5% increase from the previous year. Nearly half of all incidents were linked to race or ethnicity, with black Canadians the most common target. Just over a third of reported hate crimes were motivated by hatred of a religion.
Bianchi was one of the most promising of a new generation of F1 drivers. The Frenchman was part of the Ferrari young driver programme. He was killed in a crash at the Suzuka Grand Prix in July. Bianchi had only been in F1 for 34 races, but showed promise.
All five of these candidates are opposed to a third runway at Heathrow. Find out more about all of the candidates in the London elections. Click here to read more about the candidates and their views on Heathrow and the London Mayor's Office. The London mayoral election takes place on May 7.
The Northern Ireland Airline Company is looking to raise £1.5 million by selling more of its fleet. The company is also looking to sell off some of its more than 1,000 flights a year to raise money for the war effort. It has also been looking for a buyer for its fleet, which has been in decline since the war.
The northbound lanes of the A90 were closed while an air ambulance attended. However, the driver died at the scene. A woman who was a passenger in the car was not injured. Anyone with information should contact police on 101 or Crimestoppers anonymously on 0800 555 111.
Researchers said measuring DNA sections in cancer cells gave an "accurate indicator" of disease progression. Shortening of telomeres can leave chromosome ends exposed, accelerating cancer progression and drug resistance. The tests can be used to predict the outcomes of patients with two different types of blood cancer - the bone marrow cancer myeloma and MDS.
Victim, who is yet to be named, was pronounced dead at 16:45 GMT. The 29-year-old driver of a lorry involved in the crash was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He was released on bail to return to an east London police station on 7 December.
Female players had been considering striking in an effort to address wage discrimination. The players' union had not called a strike over the issue, but had been weighing the possibility. The US Soccer Federation - the sport's national governing body- filed its own suit to prevent a strike. It argued a no-strike clause from an early collective bargaining agreement carried over to the 2013 memorandum of understanding.
The eight-year-old female had been in Belgium awaiting transportation. She was seized in Germany on welfare grounds two years ago. MP Andrew Turner described the situation as a "bureaucratic log jam" Watch Simi's journey on Inside Out on BBC One on 25 January at 19:30.
Gerry Anderson was honoured at a ceremony in Dublin on Friday night. His wife Christine accepted the award and said he would have been "so, so proud" He began at BBC Radio Foyle in 1985, based in his home city Londonderry. He stopped broadcasting in 2012 due to illness.
Xbox One X looks set to deliver on first promise of 4K visuals. But on the second? Virtual reality didn’t get a single mention at the company’s bonanza press event. The strategy from the very top at Microsoft is not in virtual worlds, but in augmented ones, where digital images are overlaid on to the real world.
The man at the centre of the case has a total of 15 convictions for sexual offences, all of which were committed in the 1980s. He was released after serving half his prison sentence, only to be detained for a further six months for breaching a condition of his licence. The court heard the man suffers from ill health and fears being attacked or burnt out of his home.
Halle Berry said she was "profoundly hurt" when no black stars were nominated for major acting awards at the 2015 Oscars. Her comments have been followed by the Academy announcing it is inviting 774 new members from 57 countries in an effort to boost diversity. In 72 years of Oscar ceremonies before Berry's win, only six black actresses had ever been up for her award.
He decided to head to Calais on a fact-finding mission. Newsnight's James Clayton and Jack Garland followed him around for a day. He was in Calais for the day, but decided to go for a walk around the city instead of going straight to the airport. The pair followed him for the rest of the day.
Education Minister John O'Dowd wants the investigation to be completed by early summer. The investigation will look at the role of senior leadership, governance and the impact of disputes on pupils. The National Association of Schoolmasters and Union of Women Teachers (NASUWT) welcomed the appointments.
This year's Strictly Come Dancing will be the first since 2008. The show will be held in New York, with the rest of the world taking part in the competition in London. It is the first time the show has been held in the UK since 2008, when it was in the US.
The UK government is trying to stem the flow of arms to the Islamic State. It is also trying to form an inclusive government to deal with the crisis. The UK is also sending in troops to help with the fight against IS in Iraq. The U.S. government is sending in more troops to fight the militants.
Higuain's representatives are set for talks with the English side. Napoli have not received any offers for 25-year-old Senegal centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly. In 2013, then Real Madrid forward Higuain agreed personal terms with Arsenal, but joined Napoli after the Gunners failed to make an offer.
Iceland was ranked first in the World Economic Forum's 2015 Global Gender Gap Index. However, according to Iceland's statistics for the same year, the unadjusted gender pay gap remained at 17%. The bill is supported by the centre-right coalition government and the opposition.
Security forces are still searching for the missing students, who were abducted by Boko Haram Islamist militants on 14 April. Parents and some girls who escaped say more than 200 students were seized from their school in Chibok in north-eastern Borno state. The military fuelled confusion in the immediate aftermath by incorrectly saying most of the girls had been rescued.
Matt McKeown from Plymouth, south-west England, has created a super trolley with a motor and special wheels. The current speed record is 42 mph, so Matt reckons his trolley could have set a new world record. He says he'll contact Guinness World Records to see if it can be officially recognised.
Business owner refused permission to take a case against the Department for the Economy. He claimed it posed a risk of reputational damage to him and losses to his business. But the department said the stated risk was "tenuous in the extreme" It plans to publish another list of RHI recipients next week.
From June next year, roaming charges in the EU will be abolished completely. The charge cap will also apply in Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. The government said that those making calls, downloading data or texting would save millions of pounds in charges. The biggest reductions will be for people downloading data - such as emails, pictures or social media.
The woman, in her 20s, was attacked after leaving the Chinawhite enclosure. She walked with men to the Harpsden Road and Reading Road area and was raped. A passerby found the victim near the Three Horseshoes pub shortly after. Police are appealing for witnesses and specially-trained officers are supporting the woman.
The 19-year-old was released by Bolton at the end of last season. He is the son of Jussi Jaaskelainen, who made 529 appearances for Bolton. Crewe have started the new season with draws at home to Mansfield and Newport and a defeat by Bolton in the EFL Cup.
Bilkis Bano and her family were raped and murdered during the Gujarat riots. The Bombay high court confirmed the life sentences of 11 men found guilty of rape and murder. The court also convicted five policemen and two doctors, who were earlier cleared by the trial court, of destroying evidence. More than 1,000 people died, most of them Muslims.
Liverpool drew 2-2 with Sunderland at the Stadium of Light on Sunday. The Reds had just beaten title rivals Manchester City on Saturday. Daniel Sturridge made his first Premier League start since October. Liverpool are five points behind leaders Chelsea, who travel to Tottenham on Wednesday (20:00 GMT)
Sir Elton says he is not surprised DUP's Trevor Clarke said he did not know heterosexual people could contract HIV. Sir Elton said he was not surprised considering many myths about HIV endure in the UK. He was speaking to the BBC's Victoria Derbyshire about a survey.
Electoral Commission says it has "resolved the issue" of wrongly-issued cards. Leave campaigners have expressed "serious concerns" about the referendum. The deadline for applying for a postal vote is Tuesday, 7 June. You can register to vote online in England, Scotland or Wales.
Australia centre-back Wright, 24, has been with Preston since 2009. His existing contract expires in 2017 and he has made 20 appearances this season. Preston are currently 11th in the Championship. Grayson: "I think Bailey owes the club a lot. But whatever outcome will be, will be"
Satellite images appear to show two batteries of eight missile launchers and a radar system on Woody or Yongxing Island. China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi said reports were a Western media invention. China has been carrying out extensive land reclamation work in the region, which it says is legal and for civilian purposes.
Germany's Angela Merkel calls on Europe to "take its destiny into its own hands" The comments come after U.S. President Donald Trump refused to re-commit to the Paris climate deal. Merkel is expected to win a fourth term as Germany's leader in elections in September.
The BBC's 100 Women list features stories about women around the world. This year's list includes a selection of stories about menstrual leave. Here, we ask readers to share their thoughts on the idea. Do you think menstrual leave should be offered to all women? If so, please email us at femail@mailonline.co.uk.
The new charge will be imposed from April 2017 and help ensure that big business shoulders the cost of training workers, George Osborne said. Business groups have described the levy as a new "payroll tax" The CBI said it was a significant extra tax for business that would hit many smaller companies.
Caven Vines claimed MPs knew about abuse but did not intervene. Sir Kevin Barron and John Healey awarded £40,000 each in libel damages. Mr Justice Warby said the "offensive and wrong" allegation had caused "real anger and distress" Mr Vines, the former UKIP group leader in the town, claimed the pair had not suffered in any way.
At least 24 people have been killed in violence since the election. The opposition says the election was rigged. The government says the vote was free and fair, but the opposition says it was stolen. The U.S. Embassy in Nairobi says it is working with the government to find a solution.
Gorse fire has engulfed a large area of dry heath-land on Woodbury Common. Twenty fire engine crews were sent to tackle the flames that were fanned by high winds. Chief Fire Officer Lee Howell said it was a "very difficult incident" and his teams were struggling with wind direction and a lack of water supplies.
Cerebral palsy sufferer Dan Dorszynski's wheelchair has been damaged multiple times. EasyJet says it is "very rare" for its ground handling companies to damage wheelchairs. The problem has three parts: staff not knowing what to do, un-positioned chairs and damage that cannot be repaired.
Reports say the blast may have been caused by a letter bomb. Mr Papademos, 69, and his driver have suffered leg injuries but their lives are not believed to be in danger. He was appointed caretaker prime minister in November 2011 amid political and economic turmoil. No group has said it was behind the blast.
Two cars were damaged in the incident in the Nursery Drive and Parkhead area of Newry on Friday night. Assistant Chief Constable Stephen Martin said he was "appalled by mindless attacks on PSNI officers and the Newry community" A post on the PSNI Newry & Mourne Facebook page said that police were "carrying out duties"
Jockey Sean Levey came with a late rally to score on the Richard Hannon-trained Seventh Heaven. Flash Fire landed the Victoria Cup at Ascot under Adam Kirby for Godolphin trainer Charlie Appleby. The Galileo filly was cut to about 20-1 for the Epsom Classic from 33s.
Two city marshals in Louisiana have been charged with second-degree murder. The two men opened fire on a car in which the family was riding during a traffic stop in Marksville, Louisiana. Chris Few's lawyer said his client had his hands up and was not threatening police when gunfire began.
The aim is to learn more about the behaviour of a species that experts say could cause millions of pounds of damage to crops if left untreated. Researchers at Harper Adams University have a theory slugs are not evenly distributed over a field. Instead they believe they are concentrated in patches. If the scientists could help farmers find these large patches of slugs you could target them.
Simone Sorensen scored the crucial spot-kick after Austria missed their first three penalties. The Danes will face the hosts in the final after their 3-0 win over England in the second semi-final. Denmark, beaten at the last-four stage four years ago, were second best to the unfancied Austrian side.
Divers found the juvenile's bones by chance in a vast, flooded limestone chamber on the Yucatan Peninsula. Aged 15 or 16 at death, the girl lived at least 12,000 years ago. Her DNA backs the idea that the first Americans and modern Native American Indians share a common ancestry.
The Washington Post reports that President Trump may have disclosed classified information to Russian officials. Mr Trump tweeted that he was sharing information with the Russians in order to foster co-operation on important global issues. The president has broad powers to declassify whatever he deems necessary. The charge that Mr Trump casually disclosed highly classified intelligence may not be a criminal offence, but that doesn't mean it wouldn't create a political controversy.
Swansea lost 3-1 at home to Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday. It was the Swans' third defeat in their last four games. Swansea are now 18th in the Premier League table, two points adrift of safety. They face West Ham on Saturday in their next game.
OPCW chief Dr Ralf Trapp says samples from Syria have arrived at "designated laboratories" around the world for analysis. The results will form part of a report by the OPCW due to be published by the UN on the alleged attack. Dr Trapp believes that mid to late next week will be the earliest the UN report could be completed.
Smart glasses fitted with a specially adapted 3D camera. Lenses project images of nearby people and objects on to the lenses. Royal National Institute of Blind People says they could be "incredibly important" They will start making an initial batch of 100 sets later this year.
Jason Rezaian, a dual US-Iranian citizen, has been accused of passing information to "hostile governments" He defended himself in court, saying he had carried out his activities as a journalist, Iranian media reported. He is being tried in one of Tehran's revolutionary courts, usually reserved for political cases.
The birds set up nests by burrowing tunnels in the banks of Low Gelt Quarry. An RSPB viewpoint on the perimeter of the quarry has attracted more than 1,000 people in two weeks. The pairs were discovered by a foreman who noticed the colourful birds flying among the site's colony of nesting sand martins.
Seagrass was deemed to be heading for extinction in this region before the otters returned. Scientists found that the animals triggered a chain reaction of events that boosted the water-dwelling plants. Urbanisation of California has led to a huge increase in nutrient pollution in coastal waters.
Noel Conway, 67, wants a doctor to prescribe a lethal dose when his health deteriorates. He said he wanted to say goodbye to loved ones "at the right time, not to be in a zombie-like condition suffering both physically and psychologically" Any doctor who helped him to die would face up to 14 years in prison.
Richard Callaghan pleaded guilty to being involved in the supply of cocaine and herbal cannabis. He was sentenced to two years and eight months, half of which will be spent on licence. Police valued the drugs at almost Â£130,000 but the defence said it was half that amount.
Katherine Zappone said the Tuam discovery "confirmed what we had all feared" She paid tribute to the "tireless" County Galway historian Catherine Corless. An inquiry, set up in 2014, confirmed last week that human remains had been found in "underground chambers" on the site of the demolished home.
Celtic beat Raith Rovers in the Scottish Cup final in 1994. It was the first time in the competition's history that a team from the second tier had won. The game was played in front of a crowd of 17,000 at Celtic Park. The final was won by Celtic after a penalty by Scott McLeish.
Welsh government said it would consider the recommendation. Education Minister Leighton Andrews said he wanted to look into how schools can increase levels of physical activity in children and young people. Current core subjects in schools in Wales are English, Welsh (as a first language), mathematics, and science.
Charlie has an exceptionally rare genetic condition called encephalomyopathic mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome (MDDS) He cannot open his eyes or move his arms or legs. His heart, liver and kidneys are also affected, and his doctors say it is not clear if he feels pain. His parents want him to have an experimental treatment called nucleoside therapy.
Outdoor learning could help shape policies and strategy, report suggests. Busier family lives, increased sense of fear in society hamper outdoor learning. Report calls for outdoor learning to be adopted by national curricula. It also proposes a "Framework for 21st Century Student Outcomes"
Lancashire return to Championship action at Northants on Sunday. Seam bowler Chapple, 40, has played for the Red Rose county for more than two decades. He will be assisted by ex-Lancs spinner Gary Yates, who was already on the club's coaching staff.
Alexis Fuller tweeted members of the England team, asking for the refund. Hales obliged, asking Fuller for his bank details, and the fan posted a picture showing a transfer of £4.10. Mr Fuller later posted a tweet showing that he had donated the money to the Lord's Taverners charity.
Six people have died after falling into the river in Bath since 2009. A new memorial will be built in the area to remember the victims. The memorial is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The family of one of the victims has opened an appeal to pay for it.
England beat Slovenia 1-0 in Ljubljana to make it six wins out of six in Group E. The Three Lions lead the group by six points with four games remaining. England have gone unbeaten this season for the first time since 1990-91. The win in Slovenia exposed cracks in England's make up, especially in defence.
The father of a woman who was gang-raped in India has said he wants her real name revealed. Indian media say the father denied giving consent for her name to be revealed. The woman, 23, died last weekend in a hospital in Singapore from injuries suffered during last month's attack.
World Service's The Inquiry hears from four expert witnesses on the war on drugs. Former Colombian president Cesar Gaviria calls for states to decriminalise drugs. Bonny Klapper is a former US Attorney turned defence lawyer. Former White House chief scientist David Murray says billions of dollars have been spent tackling drug traffickers.
River Alde over-topped the reserve at Snape, filling the freshwater marshes with saltwater. The 125-acre marsh at Snape is an extension to the existing 70-acre reserve. The reserve at Hollesley was not flooded, but the RSPB was hoping to formally open it on the same day.
Four buzzard nests and one goshawk nest were found abandoned in Moy Forest at Tomatin late last month. The adult birds have disappeared and police said some of the sites appeared to have been deliberately disturbed by illegal activity. Police Scotland appealed to the public to come forward with information which may assist in detection of wildlife crime.
Ciarán Maxwell, 30, charged with one offence of terrorism, one of fraud and one of possessing cannabis. He was remanded in custody after a three-minute hearing at Westminster Magistrates' Court. He is charged with manufacturing explosives, making devices and storing them in barrels in England and Northern Ireland.
Cardiff-based SA Brain bought the chain Coffee #1 last year. New figures show Brains' sales are up nearly 4% in its pubs. Brains plans a chain of about 50 outlets over the next three years in south Wales and the south west of England.
Argentina international was named in La Liga's 2014-15 team of the season. Otamendi is City's third major summer signing following the arrival of England internationals Raheem Sterling and Fabian Delph. City manager Manuel Pellegrini said: "He's strong, he's excellent in the tackle and he's very good technically"
Jason James, 41, admitted manslaughter at Winchester Crown Court. Mr James told police his friend had urinated on his leg and said: "I punched him and knocked him out", describing the blow as a "little whack" The pair had both attended the 40th anniversary rally of the Modrapheniacs Scooter Club near Wareham.
The News Letter leads with its editorial 'Morning View' on the front page. It asks when London "will dismiss pressure from Dublin and realise the Sinn Féin cannot hold Northern Ireland to ransom" The family of a missing Londonderry man are facing an anxious wait to find out if the body pulled from the River Foyle was that of 23-year-old Jack Glenn.
The price of Brent crude fell to $38.90 a barrel at one point, its lowest since December 2008. The trigger was a meeting of oil producers' cartel Opec late last week. Opec producers pumped more oil in November than in any month since late 2008, almost 32 million barrels per day.
Chris Coleman signed a two-year contract extension with Wales in May. The 46-year-old led his side to the Euro 2016 semi-finals. Coleman said the 2018 World Cup will be his last as Wales boss. The FAW says it would be hard to keep Coleman if he wants to manage a club side before then.
The Global AgeWatch Index 2014 measures the social and economic welfare of those over 60 in 96 countries. Norway comes on top and the worst country is Afghanistan, followed by Mozambique.Here's the story - in 15 seconds - of how the index was created and compiled.
The 18-year-old helped the Brewers win automatic promotion from League One last season during a three-month loan. Nigel Clough: "We've agreed a deal in principal but it's not signed. The bones are there. We hope it will be done by Saturday"
Jordan played the Human Torch in last year's Fantastic Four flop reboot. He will reunite with Creed director Ryan Coogler for Black Panther. He said he was "super excited" and wanted "to put a different spin on it" He added he could not wait to work with Nyong'o and Boseman.
The man was crossing Abbot Adams Bridge in Main Street, Kilwinning. He was hit by a blue Vauxhall Corsa and taken to hospital in a serious condition. Police have appealed for witnesses to the incident in the early hours of this morning. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The cannabis was discovered in a van in Camlough, south Armagh. The accused, three of whom are from Birmingham and the fourth from County Wexford, were arrested on Thursday. A lawyer for Mr Connaughton, in whose van the drugs were found, said his client was the "least-part player"
Slovakian Imrich Joni, 20, stabbed and strangled Gordon Bolan, 68. He then hid the pensioner's body in a wardrobe. Joni was found guilty of murder and attempting to defeat the ends of justice. The court heard he had expressed "genuine remorse" for his actions.
L/Cpl Edward Maher died during a training exercise in July 2013. Fellow reservists Craig Roberts and Cpl James Dunsby also died. Soldier 1B told the inquest it was not in his thought process to stop the test. He said most soldiers were doing well during the 16-mile (26km) test.
Shaker Aamer's return to the UK was greeted with a collective sigh of relief across Whitehall. But for some, his return represents a risk and the UK must think carefully about how it manages and monitors him. Critics argue that in the wake of 9/11 the US was not the only country to lose its legal map and moral compass.
Celtic lost 2-0 to Malmo in the Champions League play-off round. The Scottish champions went out 4-3 on aggregate. Celtic will now compete in the Europa League. The draw for the group stage will be made on Friday. Liverpool and Tottenham are among the teams in the second-tier competition.
Transport group Go-Ahead's shares dived nearly 14% after warning of lower-than-expected full-year profits. News overshadowed 16% rise in annual profits to Â£73.5m that the company reported for 2016. FTSE 100 index gained ground during the afternoon after spending the morning in the doldrums.
Dennis Sheehan had been on the road with U2 for more than 30 years. The band are in the middle of their latest tour and are playing a string of concerts in Los Angeles. Bono said: "Last night we lost a member of our family. He was U2's tour manager for 33 years"
Stephen Mallan converted a penalty to give the Buddies the lead after Darren Cole had fouled Calum Gallagher. Liam Buchanan quickly levelled for Livi but Shankland's strike from outside the box had the visitors ahead again by half-time.Jordan White poked home for the hosts only for Shankland to fire an impressive volley and settle the match.
McCourt's wife, Laura, was diagnosed with a brain tumour. The 32-year-old left Luton Town by mutual consent to return home. Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill told him to be there for his wife and 'don't even think about Euros' Laura has now been given a positive diagnosis.
The latest Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 52.7 last month, down from January's reading of 55.6. The rise in service sector activity was the weakest since March 2013. The service sector accounts for more than three-quarters of the UK economy.
Anthony Allen, 43, and Anthony Conti, 45, are charged by US authorities. They are accused of trying to manipulate Libor for Rabobank's financial gain. The two traders are from Hertfordshire and Essex, respectively. That brings the total number of indicted Rabobanks employees to six.
Chelsea beat Glasgow City 1-0 in the first leg of their Champions League tie. Fran Kirby scored the only goal of the game in the 39th minute. The second leg will take place in Glasgow next Wednesday. Chelsea were crowned Women's Super League champions on Sunday after a 4-0 win over Sunderland.
The Cranes are preparing for their first Africa Cup of Nations finals since 1978. The team is preparing for a must-win qualifier against the Comoros. The match will take place on Sunday, January 28. The final will be held in Porto Alegre, Mozambique, on January 31.
Yvette Cooper to set out plan to create two million high tech jobs. Ms Cooper, Ms Kendall, Andy Burnham and Jeremy Corbyn will take part in a leadership hustings later. Four MPs are vying to succeed Mr Miliband as Labour leader, with the result of the election to be announced in early September.
Mr Trump's transition team said he and Tsai Ing-wen noted "close economic, political, and security ties" in a phone call. The move risks angering China, which sees Taiwan as a breakaway province. Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi dismissed the call as a "petty trick" by Taiwan.
House masters, in charge of residential halls at the university, will become known as "faculty deans" Harvard has not agreed that the use of "master" represented a link to slavery, but it has accepted campaigners' calls for a name change. Student campaigners are also calling for a change in the official seal of Harvard Law School, because of links to slavery.
World champions Germany move above Chile with a 3-1 win over Cameroon. Timo Werner scored twice, with Hoffenheim midfielder Kerem Demirbay also on target for the experimental German squad. Portugal will now face Chile in the last four on Wednesday (19:00 BST)
The city's mayor, Joao Doria, said he did not want to see an "open-air shopping mall for drugs" He said he wanted to move the addicts on and provide them with medical services and housing. Critics say his policies are pushing the problem to other parts of the city.
Northern Ireland's deputy first minister will visit Flanders in Belgium. He will also visit the Somme in France, where soldiers fought together. More than 3,500 soldiers from the 36th (Ulster) and 16th (Irish) divisions were killed. The Battle of Messines started on 7 June 1917.
Manchester City are fourth in the Premier League, four points behind leaders Chelsea. Pep Guardiola's side lost 2-1 at Stamford Bridge on Wednesday night. The former Barcelona and Bayern Munich boss has never gone a season without winning a trophy. Guardiola has also responded to questions about a row between City and Chelsea coaching staff following the defeat.
Many Clouds had previously shown symptoms of post-race ataxia. The horse won the Cheltenham Gold Cup on Saturday. He was pronounced dead at the scene after suffering a pulmonary embolism. The condition is rare but not unheard of, according to the horse's trainer.
Who do you think is the best January signing? Use the selector below to pick from our shortlist. Once you are done download your image and share with your friends. We are not just talking goals, but their value and contribution to the club. Take a look at the shortlist below and decide for yourself.
Ministry of Defence figures show there are 81,700 full-time servicemen and women in the Army, down from 102,260 in 2010. More reservists are being recruited but that process has been slow. Former commander Richard Kemp said it showed the plan was "incoherent" But the MoD said the Army had the "manpower we need at the moment"
Manchester United lost 3-1 at Watford in the Premier League on Sunday. Jose Mourinho's side have lost three consecutive games for the first time since 2002. The former Chelsea boss believes his team have been punished by refereeing decisions. United are seventh in the table with nine points from five games.
Russian Football Union acting president Nikita Simonyan said Capello's role was in question. Capello signed a four-year contract extension in January 2014. The deal was designed to keep the Italian in the role until the 2018 World Cup, which is due to be staged in Russia. Russia were knocked out at the group stage of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil without winning a game.
Chris Packham, who is in Malta, said rare species were being targeted. He said hunters were even shooting Montagu's harrier birds on the ground at night. A Maltese wildlife official insisted that patrols to stop illegal hunting had been stepped up. Malta is the only EU country to have a recreational spring hunting season allowing birds to be shot.
An off-duty inspector found the girl in Grange Lane, Lye, near Pedmore Technology College, Stourbridge. Police are seeking a light grey or blue vehicle in connection with the crash. The girl suffered a fractured skull and internal injuries in the crash, thought to have happened just before 22:00 GMT.
The Music Group said a consultation on redundancies at its Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge began on Tuesday. The company remains active in a range of audio sectors including residential hi-fi and studio monitoring. Production of audio equipment at the plant is understood to be moving to China.
Stoke had two men sent off in the first 30 minutes at The Hawthorns. Stephane Sessegnon fired the Baggies into the lead with a powerful shot. Substitute Jonathan Walters headed them level from a superb Joselu cross. West Brom won their second game in a row to move further away from relegation zone.
Oxford Bus Company said the authority needed to consider the "additional pressure" on surrounding streets. Oxfordshire County Council said it was "vital" for more pedestrians and cyclists to use the route. A consultation on the proposals runs until 6 June. The council said pedestrian and cycle numbers were expected to increase "significantly" in the future.
Franchisees own and operate 73% of McDonald's restaurants in Europe. McDonald's received $9.27bn (Â£6.40bn) in revenues from its franchised restaurants worldwide in 2014. European Commission said it would now study the submission. It has the powers to launch an investigation if it believes the allegations are founded.
The 57-year-old has spent the last 18 years working for the club's academy at their Bodymoor Heath training ground. Cowans had three spells as a Villa player and after ending his career at Burnley, joined the backroom staff in 1998. Known at Villa Park as 'Sid', he was one of seven ever-presents in their 1980-81 title-winning season.
Theresa May is dealing with her terrorism while the election campaign is still going on. She announced some policy prescriptions in response to the London Bridge attack. This was a recognition by the prime minister that security is now a significant issue in this election. It is a political truism that security issues tend to favour the incumbent.
Swansea's survival marks a remarkable turnaround in fortunes under Paul Clement. The Welsh side were bottom with only 12 points from 19 game in January. Swansea's 2-0 home win over Stoke City on 22 April was the start of a three-match unbeaten run which boosted their hopes of escaping relegation. Swansea extended their unbeaten run to four games with a win in their penultimate game at already relegated Sunderland.
Bradford Bulls are in administration for the third time in four years. The Championship club had hoped to have a deal agreed by Friday. The Bulls said in a statement "it had not been possible to complete the due diligence in the time available" Joint administrator Gary Pettit asked fans to "remain patient"
Remains were found by a cyclist in an area off the A198 in Longniddry. Ms Tiffney, 43, was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in May 2002. A murder charge against her son Sean Flynn was found not proven at the High Court in Perth in 2005.
Jamieson followed his first-round 67 with a 65 on Friday. Bjork has gone 65, 67 to leave both on 10 under. Home favourite Thomas Aiken bagged the round of the day, a nine-under-par 62. James Morrison is a shot off the lead on nine under.
The TPP was signed by 12 countries which together cover 40% of the world's economy, but has not yet been ratified. There is very strong support among the other 11 parties to the TPP to ratify it and to seek to bring it into force. The collapse of the TPP will now create a void in Asia, with China moving in to fill it.
Lara Clarke, from Walsall, won the award at the Cake International contest. Her 5ft 10in (1.7m) creation was inspired by the Hunger Games star. Ms Clarke previously triumphed at the contest with a life-sized Johnny Depp cake.
Migrants arriving in Greece will be sent back to Turkey if they do not apply for asylum or their claim is rejected. In return, Turkey will receive aid and political concessions. Many migrants, including Syrians, are keen to go to Germany and other northern European Union countries. EU countries will resettle Syrian migrants already living in Turkey.
The Department of Justice confirmed the payments after a Freedom of Information request from the Belfast Telegraph. The payments were made under the terms of the Northern Ireland Criminal Injuries Compensation Scheme 2002. The department would not disclose how much money has been paid out to the former Holy Cross pupils.
Reprinting the anti-Semitic book was banned after WW2 by Bavaria's regional government, which held the copyright. The copyright has now expired and Munich's Institute of Contemporary History is to publish a new edition. Historians say the book helps academics understand what happened in the Nazi era.
Noss Primary in Wick is closed until 30 May following a "significant failure" The new school only opened to pupils last month. It was built as a replacement for Wick's North and Hillhead primary schools. The council said work repairing and testing the system was expected to take three days.
Roedd Mr Jones yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael yr UE cyn y refferendwm y llynedd.Wrth gael ei holi gan y BBC ddydd Gwener dywedodd cyn ysgrifennydd Cymru.
Corinthians say there is not enough time to sign Carlos Tevez before the Brazilian transfer window closes at 0400 BST on Thursday. City thought a £40m deal had been agreed for the Argentine striker after he told the Premier League outfit he wanted to return to South America. Corinthians hinted an agreement can be reached in January.
Noir Desir frontman Bertrand Cantat's comeback overshadowed by fresh allegations over the suicide of another woman in his life.Kristina Rady, a respected Hungarian arts director, hanged herself in 2010 - two-and-a-half years after the singer's release from jail for killing the actress Marie Trintignant in Lithuania. In a telephone message to her parents left six months earlier, Rady spoke of the psychological and physical violence to which she said Cantat was subjecting her.
Marcel Kittel o'r Almaen oedd y cyntaf i gyrraedd y llinell derfyn yn Liege. Geraint Thomas sy'n parhau ar frig y tabl ar sail amser. Chris Froome, hefyd o Team Sky, ddamwain ar hyd y daith.
Sean Corrigan, 31, was found at a flat in St Mary's Garden and later died in hospital. Post mortem results indicated he may have died in suspicious circumstances. Police believe Mr Corrigan may have been assaulted in the hours prior to his death. Det Ch Insp Justyn Galloway said police are carrying out a full investigation.
Abe will pray for the dead but will not issue an apology, his aides say. The Japanese attack killed 2,300 US servicemen and propelled the US into World War Two. Mr Abe will be accompanied by US President Barack Obama, making the visit the first by the leaders of both countries since the attack.
Gianni Moscon faces disciplinary action from Team Sky. Italian used racially abusive language towards FDJ's Kevin Reza. Team Sky chose not to withdraw Moscon from the race following discussions with FDJ. Moscon apologised and rode in Sunday's final stage of the Tour de France.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency says young people are gambling with their health. Many websites illegally sell drugs like Ritalin and Modafinil without a valid prescription. The drugs can cause dependency, heart problems and psychosis. So far this year, the MHRA has closed nearly 5,000 websites selling fake or unlicensed medicines.
The EU "crisis management concept" is the first step towards sending a force. Fighting between Muslims and Christians in CAR has driven nearly a million people from their homes. About 4,000 African troops and 1,600 French troops are trying to prevent more bloodshed. The cost of an EU mission is not yet clear.
Clarkson could make his St Mirren debut against Alloa on Saturday. The 30-year-old joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July. He scored nine goals at Dundee last season and has featured mainly as a substitute so far this term. Clarkson has made almost 400 senior appearances at club level.
Atletico move to within eight points of leaders Barcelona. Anderlan Santos sent off for Valencia with five minutes remaining. Yannick Carrasco completed the scoring for the hosts.Neville suffer just a second defeat in seven games as goalkeeper Diego Alves endured a tough night.
Players and coaches left their base at the Vale Resort, Vale of Glamorgan, on Saturday and headed to Cardiff Airport. After a send-off from pupils from Ysgol Treganna, Cardiff, they took off for a friendly in Sweden on Sunday. They will then head to France ahead of the team's first game of the tournament against Slovakia on 11 June.
Rooney's testimonial game will be streamed to 1.7bn people worldwide. It will be available on the Manchester United and Rooney's Facebook pages. Proceeds will be distributed to Rooney's four chosen charities. The game at Old Trafford marks his 12 years' service at United.
Some commentators fear the new constitution will lead to more chaos. The Muslim Brotherhood calls on the opposition to accept the result. The state-owned newspaper Al-Watan says the constitution will not solve the country's economic problems. It says the only people who will benefit from the constitution are the remnants of the old regime.
The Chinese-made aircraft went down in the Andaman Sea on 7 June with no survivors. Investigators found the pilot had lost control after entering thick storm cloud. Ice had formed on the wings and sudden crosswinds had led the plane to stall. The disaster is among the worst in the country's aviation history.
Peter Gillespie, 64, from Hertfordshire, was part of a £4.7m plot to bring two million doses of counterfeit drugs from China to the UK. He was convicted of conspiring to defraud pharmaceutical wholesalers, pharmacists and members of the public. The case arose from a £750,000 three-and-a-half-year investigation.
A security review means a pensioner has been banned from feeding the cats. A Belfast artist has captured an image of the POTUS using Lego bricks. A couple are hoping to raise money for the Royal's neo-natal intensive care unit in Belfast by auctioning Tyrone GAA star Owen Mulligan's boots.
Hogmanay is a Scottish word that means 'new year' The first written mentions of Hogmanay come from 1604. Around 450 years ago, there were many arguments about the Christian religion in a period called the 'Reformation' The idea of celebrating New Year's Eve is to ward off 'evil spirits'
Man, 22, and woman, 20, arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving, failing to stop at the scene of a crash and perverting the course of justice. pedestrian, from Tyne and Wear, was struck by a Vauxhall Corsa on Crossing Boulevard in Dartford.
Xaviera Simons was visiting the safari park when she filmed the moment. One of the bears went over to check out the strange object, giving it a quick sniff, before being joined by two others. The bears batted it around until their sharp claws eventually popped it.
Mons Graupius in AD 83 or 84 saw the 9th Hispana, its cohorts and Roman cavalry defeat 30,000 Caledonians. Historic Scotland said an accurate site was needed for inclusion on its list. It has already placed several battlefields including Bannockburn in 1314 and Culloden in 1746.
Brendan Rogers needed 14 stitches in his lip after a challenge by Tyrone's Tiernan McCann at the start of the game. The Slaughtneil man had the stitches inserted last Sunday and Barton expects Rogers to be out of action for a couple of more weeks. The match video suggested he may have been caught by McCann's right elbow.
More than 160 lower-level flood alerts have been issued across much of England and parts of Wales. BBC forecaster Tomasz Schafernaker said Thursday's weather would be a "lot quieter", with "none of that heavy rain that we had first thing in the morning on Wednesday"
The video is a remix of Lavender by Canadian group BadBadNotGood. It shows Snoop Dogg and Kaytranada shooting a clown dressed as the US president. Florida Senator Marco Rubio said the video was unwise. He said: "If the wrong person sees that and gets the wrong idea, you could have a real problem"
Turbines will be placed in waters too deep for them to reach shore. They will then be towed to the surface and placed into place. The cost of the project is expected to be much lower than the cost of new offshore wind farms. The RSPB is opposed to the project because it fears the turbines will kill birds.
The American, 32, carded a first round two-under-par 70, leaving him four shots behind leader Francesco Molinari. Johnson was the only top-10 player in the field in North Carolina. He is looking to become the first player since Tiger Woods in 2007-08 to secure four consecutive victories on the PGA Tour.
From the new year, Newsweek will be a digital-only publication. Editor Tina Brown described it as "a new chapter" for the magazine. The move to a digital edition will allow Newsweek to cut costs such as printing. However it will lose money from print advertisers, who traditionally pay more than their online counterparts.
The Russian government expects a 0.8% decline in GDP next year, compared with 0.6% GDP growth in 2014 as a whole. The rouble fell to a rate of 57 to the dollar on Monday, a fall of more than 6%. The last time Russia suffered a major economic crisis in 1998, many ordinary Russians saw their bank savings wiped out.
Theresa May wants to increase the minimum term for a police murder to 30 years. She also wants to allow police to take over shoplifting prosecutions. Police Federation urges her not to base legislation on the behaviour of a "handful of officers" But it's unlikely to quell the anger felt by rank-and-file officers.
Vote Leave will focus on the south Wales valleys in final days of campaign. Between a fifth and a third of voters in its heartland areas are undecided. Labour has run a separate operation involving up to 1,000 people on a weekly basis, and has focused entirely on traditional voters using doorstep canvassing and town centre stalls.
Steven McIvor, 32, was one of two thieves who targeted the Letterbox Bistro. They stole Â£2,000 and 5,300 Euros on 26 February 2016. The thieves had scarves over their mouths and each was armed with a knife.
Gregor Thomson, 26, has appeared at Falkirk Sheriff Court charged with attempted murder. The 56-year-old man had to be placed in a medically-induced coma. Police said he had suffered severe facial injuries in a "serious and sustained assault" Thomson, from Denny, made no plea or declaration when he appeared on petition.
Omeruo is on a season-long loan at Turkish side Kasimpasa from Chelsea. The 22-year-old has been told by the team doctor he needs time to recover. Omeruo was first called up by Nigeria in January 2013 and he went on to play at that year's Africa Cup of Nations and Confederations Cup.
The Strategic Defence and Security Review in October revealed HMS Ocean or aircraft carrier HMS Illustrious would be scrapped. Four Devonport-based frigates, HMS Chatham, Campbeltown, Cumberland and Cornwall will be withdrawn in 2011. Chatham to be withdrawn from service at the end of January and CampbeltOWN and Cumberland will follow on 1 April.
The think tank's UK growth forecast for 2016 has been cut from 2.3% to 1.9%. Its forecast for GDP growth for 2018 was slashed from2.4% to just 1.4%. Its report said the vote would have "severe confidence effects on spending and business investment"
Mason, 19, is yet to make a first-team appearance for Villa. Houghton, 20, had loan spells with Gillingham and Plymouth last term. Chelsea goalkeeper Matej Delac has joined Belgian side Royal Excel Mouscron. Bekanty Victorien Angban will spend the coming campaign on loan at Granada.
The Labour leader said he would not stand in the way of business. He said the party would increase spending on infrastructure. But he also promised to increase corporation tax to pay for it. The Tories said Labour was out of touch with the public's concerns about the future of the country.
Both men resigned in 2014 after a series of allegations were made by garda whistle-blower Sgt McCabe in 2007 and 2008. The report identified serious flaws and failures in criminal investigations, but found no evidence of garda criminality or corruption. The judge rejected Mr McCabe's allegations of corruption against the former commissioner, calling them "hurtful"
Brook House holds almost 400 adult male asylum seekers, illegal immigrants and foreign national offenders. The average period of stay at the facility near Gatwick Airport had risen from 28 to 48 days. The Home Office said it did not want to detain people for longer than necessary but some had prolonged the process.
Gatland won a first clean sweep in his maiden Six Nations as coach in 2008. He guided Wales to a second Grand Slam in 2012 after narrowly missing out on the 2011 World Cup final. Wales begin their Six Nations campaign against the defending champions in Dublin on February 14.
The eight-time European number one carded a five-under-par 66 in his first round. The Scot is bidding to qualify for the Open Championship at Royal Troon. He is joined in game 10 by Sam Robinson, from Market Raisen, and John Henry. But apart from a coterie of family and friends, the punters are here to see it.
Chelsea beat Posh 4-1 in the FA Cup third round at Stamford Bridge. Terry was shown a straight red card for a foul on Lee Angol. The 36-year-old has not been dismissed since the start of the season. He could be suspended for Chelsea's Premier League clash with Leicester.
The southbound carriageway was closed between junction 16 for Crewe/Stoke-on-Trent and 15 for Stoke. The man, believed to be in his 20s, was lying on the hard shoulder when crews arrived. He was taken to Royal Stoke University Hospital on blue lights and sirens.
Forest used 42 different players as they avoided relegation to League One. Warburton used only 21 players in the last eight games of the season. Forest beat Ipswich 3-0 on Sunday to ensure their Championship survival. Blackburn were sent down despite their 3-1 victory at Brentford.
The game has not been officially released in the UK, but keen gamers have found ways around the app's country restrictions to get early access. The chief executive of children's charity NSPCC has urged the game's makers to add safety measures before its UK release, warning that adults could use it to prey on children.
Andrew Jones, 34, was convicted of grievous bodily harm and robbery. He left Reg Stocking lying in a pool of blood outside his home in West Bromwich. Jones also found guilty of a burglary using Mr Stocking's car as a getaway. He was remanded into custody to await sentencing on 4 December.
In 2014, 34,670 students travelled from outside the European Union (EU) to study in Scotland. The net benefit is about £257m each year and takes into account the impact on public services such as the NHS. PwC said its research showed the overall experience of foreign students is compromised by the UK's complex immigration system.
Debutant Jordan Allan first two first-half chances for Derry with Gareth McGlynn also going close. David Scully put Harps ahead on 45 minutes. Ryan Curran strode through the Candystripes defence unhindered to double the lead on 75. Rory Patterson replied in injury-time but it was too late.
49 out of 152 councils will have more pupils than secondary places by 2019-20. Local Government Association analysis of official figures suggests 80,716 new secondary places will be required then. Councils are already taking extraordinary measures to deal with the school places crisis. Department for Education says it has provided local authorities with the funding they need for new places.
It will connect the A4232 with the Ocean Way roundabout in Cardiff. It was part of a deal between the Welsh Government and the Liberal Democrats. It is expected to open after 19:00 BST on Thursday. The link will also reduce traffic in the east of the city.
Ordinary Egyptians appear to be losing their fear of direct confrontation with the security forces. They have a long list of grievances and the demands are an explicit challenge to their rulers. The main opposition movement, the Islamist Muslim Brotherhood, subtly changed its message ahead of the latest protests.
Nottingham Express Transit said it was an "unfortunate misunderstanding" Vicky McClure said she and her mother were offered a free ride on the tram. She said she was'mortified' when the conductor told her she had to leave. She is one of several well-known people to have a tram named after them.
Alex Gray, from Perth in Tayside, is awaiting sentence after being convicted earlier this month of burglary and harassment. The 30-year-old started pursuing the star by sending abusive rants and accusations in letters. He progressed to banging on her door and spending nights in her back garden.
Sussex PCC Katy Bourne said emergency services would have an increased duty to collaborate under the new bill. West Sussex County Council said it already had an excellent model. East Sussex's fire authority said it would co-operate with the PCC but it believed collaboration could be achieved without elaborate structural change.
Castle MacLellan Foods will receive support for its Kirkcudbright base. The funds will be used to expand and streamline production areas. Improvements will also be made to the storage facilities, amenities and services at the factory. Subject to planning consent, it is expected work will start on site in January 2014.
Man in his late teens to early 20s was attacked at the Gorbals venue. He was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment. Police are working with venue staff to identify the attacker. The incident happened at about 01:30 on Sunday morning in Glasgow.
Serbian FA charged with alleged racist chanting by fans and both associations over behaviour of players at the end of the game. Violent scenes erupted shortly after Connor Wickham scored in the 90th minute to give England a 1-0 win. Cases will be discussed at the next ordinary hearing of the Uefa Control and Disciplinary Body on 22 November.
The Management Group are countersuing Depp after he sued them for $25m. They say the star spent more than $75m (£59.6m) on 14 homes and needed 12 storage facilities to house his collection of Hollywood memorabilia. Depp's latest legal tussle comes in the wake of his divorce to Amber Heard.
John Wright will rejoin Derbyshire in June, a month before the T20 Blast begins. The 62-year-old scored almost 15,000 runs for the county between 1977 and 1988. Director of cricket Kim Barnett said: "We could not have anybody with higher pedigree than John"
He has supported gay marriage and the consecration of the first female bishop in Wales. He says he is not against organ donation, he is against the way it is done. His successor will be chosen in the summer, he says he doesn't want to make another public statement.
Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones calls for a convention on the future of the UK. Mr Jones said the union cannot be rebuilt through conversation between Westminster and Scotland. A new UK cabinet committee chaired by Commons Leader William Hague will now meet for the first time on Wednesday. The meeting is likely to take place when parliament returns next month.
The 20-year-old has come through the academy at the Premier League club. He has also played for the under-23 side in the EFL Trophy. "I'm very excited to be playing under Keith Hill, who is a great manager," he said. He added: "I feel like he'll put his trust in me and I will repay him"
Welsh champions take a two-goal lead into the second half. The win puts them three points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship. They will play Dundee United in the final game of the season on Tuesday. The game will be played at Celtic Park in Glasgow.
Surrey County Council leader David Hodge said government had cut its annual grant by £170m since 2010. The proposed increase would add nearly £200 to a Band D bill, bringing it to about £1,500. Government said if the proposed budget is set, taxpayers would have the final say in a referendum.
The government shut 13 Somalia-linked firms in April. It said it wanted to prevent militant Islamists from using them to finance attacks. Somalis rely heavily on the firms to do business and send cash to relatives in Somalia, where the banking sector is almost non-existent. Mr Kenyatta made the pledge in a Ramadan message.
Leyton Orient beat Dagenham & Redbridge 2-1 in their League Two clash. Jamie Cureton and Clevid Dikamona scored for the Daggers. Armand Gnanduillet scored the winner to keep Orient's play-off hopes alive. Daggers return to the National League under manager John Still.
Jobless rate in the 17 countries that use the euro rose to 10.7% in January. December's figure was revised up from 10.4% to10.6%. There are now 16.9 million people out of work in the bloc. Spain continues to have the highest unemployment rate at 23.3%.
The sub was 20km (12 miles) from the Admiral Kuznetsov at the time of the incident, the military said. There was no confirmation of the Russian military's claim of an incident, and the Dutch military tweeted that it would give no comment on submarine operations. It was not immediately clear where the incident took place.
Aberdeen boss insists he is focused on his job at Pittodrie. Rangers are seeking a new manager after parting company with Mark Warburton. Alex McLeish is the bookmakers' favourite to be the new boss. Frank de Boer has said he would be interested in the job but not until the end of the season.
The West Yorkshire city was praised for holding several curry-themed events, including a poppadom-eating challenge. Glasgow finished second and Brighton came in third in the competition. The curry capital title was first awarded in 2001. It was won by Bradford in 2004 in addition to 2011-2014.
The track broke streaming records, earning the highest first-week streams for a single in the UK with more than 2.03 million plays. It is One Direction's first single as a foursome since band mate Zayn Malik left. The band shot the video for 'Drag Me Down' at NASA's headquarters in Houston yesterday.
The Syrian government is closing in on the rebel-held city of Aleppo. The advance is being backed by Russian air strikes. The UN says up to 20,000 people have been displaced by the fighting. The conflict has killed more than 250,000 and displaced more than 11 million.
All eight people on board were killed. President Felipe Calderon said weather conditions were probably to blame. Mr Blake Mora, 45, was appointed to the post last year and was a key figure in the war against drug cartels. Three years ago, one of the president's best friends, Juan Camilo Mourino, was killed in a plane crash.
Voters have been choosing a president, members of parliament and senators. The presidential contest is seen as a two-horse race between Raila Odinga and Uhuru Kenyatta. This time the poll was held under a new constitution, designed to prevent a repeat of violence.
The first leg of the Champions League qualifier will take place on July 11. The return leg will be played on July 4. The date has been agreed by the clubs and is not subject to change. The match will be held at Celtic Park in Belfast. The second leg will takeplace at the same venue on July 14.
The runway will close to all traffic at 20:00 GMT and reopen 48 hours later. 50,000 tonnes of material will be laid on the 2.9km (1.8 mile) runway. The runway was last refurbished in 1999 and has a lifespan between 12 to 17 years.
The man, 31, approached Police Community Support Officers guarding a cordon in Albert Road in Plymouth on Thursday evening. Police said it was believed he was assaulted in nearby Exmouth Road. Two men, aged 58 and 46, were arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Carmen Beckford was the first black recipient of an MBE in the South West. The former midwife died at a care home in Bristol earlier this week. She helped set up the St Pauls Carnival in 1967 and was appointed the first Race Relations Officer in Bristol. Councillor Asher Craig said she was a beautiful woman with a heart of gold.
The 32-year-old has agreed a two-year contract with the Rams. He is the first signing by manager Gary Rowett. Davies made 29 appearances for Hull last season as they were relegated from the Premier League. He has played more than 460 games as a professional, scoring 26 goals.
Celebrity book clubs are growing in popularity online and on apps. Emma Watson, Reese Witherspoon, Florence Welch, Zoella and Sarah Jessica Parker are members. Richard and Judy club has grown into a polished brand in collaboration with WH Smith since starting on the couple's Channel 4 chat show in the early 2000s.
Tina Wallace, 41, accused of harassment over two dates in May last year. Judge dismissed the charge after identifying inconsistencies in her evidence. She also refused a prosecution application to impose a restraining order. Mr Wallace, 37, was capped 30 times in an international career which involved being part of the 2009 Grand Slam-winning team.
Nic White will join Exeter from French Top 14 side Montpellier. White, 26, has 22 international caps and will join the Premiership club. Exeter boss Rob Baxter says White "potentially fills a slot in a Premiership side" Back row Freeman, also 26, started the Championship campaign as a vice-captain at Jersey.
Since independence in 1962, Burundi has been plagued by tension between the usually-dominant Tutsi minority and the Hutu majority. In 2015, the country was plunged into its worst crisis since the end of a civil war in 2005. Pierre Nkurunziza, a former Hutu rebel leader, became the first president to be chosen in democratic elections in 1994.
Mark Drakeford has already apologised for the scandal on the Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Bodelwyddan. But he said the embarrassment to the Welsh government was the "least important part" of it all. He added he is yet to meet any of them but was "hugely impressed" by the way the families have acted.
Strachan would not be drawn on his future following last week's 3-0 defeat by England. The Scots are second bottom of their World Cup qualifying group on four points after four games. Scotland next play Slovenia at home in March before the return meeting with England at Hampden in June.
The 24-hour industrial action is part of an ongoing dispute over staffing and the role of conductors. Merseyrail's managing director Jan Chaudhry-van der Velde said the strikes would "do immeasurable damage" to Liverpool's reputation. RMT general secretary Mick Cash said the company's "cynical and hostile stance" left the union "with no option but to put on this additional strike action"
Kabul has witnessed a series of suicide attacks and explosions in the past few months. The concert was held amid tight security at the heavily protected Intercontinental Hotel. Ms Sayeed is known for her long hair and figure-hugging outfits, which are seen as taboo by many in Afghanistan.
She stopped in front of the police car with inches to spare. The woman had been driving east towards Newmarket on the westbound carriageway. She was stopped at junction 27 of the M25 at Newmarket. The incident is being treated as an accident by the police.
Liverpool University study says 29% of the UK population was aware of the Olympiad and the festival. The four-year arts programme began in 2008 and climaxed with the London 2012 Festival last summer. The festival included a nationwide bell-ringing event, a bouncy Stonehenge and a string quartet in helicopters. But one arts expert questioned how effectively the message about the festival came across.
The 29-year-old limped off after just seven minutes of the 2-0 win over Leicester City on Sunday. Dyer will have surgery in due course. The former Southampton player has featured in five games since Paul Clement was appointed Swans manager last month. Jefferson Montero (torn hamstring) and Mo Barrow (on loan at Leeds) are also out.
Former Whites striker Michael Bakare had handed the away side the perfect start, curling the ball into the top corner in the second minute. Stefan Payne scored at the near post to level before Raggett's winner. The 22-year-old headed home from a corner as he scored just his fourth goal in 33 appearances this season.
At the close the Dow was 0.1% lower at 19,918, the broader S&P 500 was down 0.2% at 2,260 and the Nasdaq was0.4% lower. With a 2% fall, Wal-Mart was one of the big losers.
Northumberland County Council said the weather was now warm enough for its Jetpatcher machines to tackle the holes. It is hoped that 145 potholes each day will be "filled in" over the next four months. Extra staff will also be out repairing drainage systems damaged by heavy rain and to clear debris from gutters.
Kevin Paddick, 34, is accused of killing Danny Myers, 23, from Enfield. Mr Myers died in hospital after he was stabbed at an address in St Osyth. A 29-year-old woman from Clacton, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, has been released without charge.
One woman was injured in the incident at Carataggio beach near Porto-Vecchio. The suspect - whose identity has not been revealed - owns a beachside cafe. One man had been questioned in connection with the shooting but had since been released. The beach is not an official naturist site.
She launched an "Armpit Hair Competition" on China's popular micro-blog service Weibo to get women to take ownership of their bodies. The competition attracted thousands of comments from Chinese women. You have been sharing your thoughts via @BBC_HaveYourSay on Twitter.
Richard Parks had been attempting to take blood and muscle samples at the summit. The former Wales rugby international had reached Camp Two, which is 6,400m (21,000ft) But he ended the expedition after results over the weekend showed he had abnormal blood readings, putting him at greater risk of a stroke or heart attack.
Protesters call for Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi to resign. Mr Sisi has faced heavy criticism over his executive decision to give away the islands. The uninhabited islands have been under Egyptian control since 1950. At least 80 people were arrested in Cairo and Alexandria, officials said.
Shares in Sports Direct closed down 9% on Friday. The company had expected to report underlying profit of £300m based on the pound trading at $1.30 against the dollar. The retailer said that "extreme movements overnight" would result "in a negative impact of approximately £15m"
The star slid off the circuit at Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey. Sheeran managed to drive off the test track a few times. He admitted he'd never driven a car ahead of the recording. The latest series is to start with a simultaneous broadcast in more than 50 countries.
Farage has been one of the UK's most prominent supporters of US President Donald Trump. He was the first UK politician to meet Mr Trump after his win in November. Mr Farage travelled to Washington for Mr Trump's inauguration on Friday. He said: "Listening to the speech today, this is a political revolution"
Royal College of Surgeons says 450,000 patients are waiting for treatment. Welsh government says waiting times have been cut since devolution. Welsh Conservatives' Shadow Health Minister Darren Millar: "This is yet more evidence that Welsh patients are getting a raw deal" The RCS wants all parties to prioritise tackling waiting lists in their election manifestos.
Mohammed Haji Sadiq denies 15 child sex offences over a 10-year period. He is accused of eight offences of sexual assault of a child under 13 by touching and seven offences of indecent assault. The court heard the girls were aged between five and 11 at the time of the alleged offences.
Konta beat Kristyna Pliskova of the Czech Republic 6-4 6-7 (11-13) 6-3. Her next opponent will be another Czech, Katerina Siniakova, who beat Serbian Nina Stojanovic. Konta reached the semi-final by beating second seed Simona Halep.
Zheng He - also known as Cheng Ho - is being hailed anew as a national hero. Chinese government is investing Â£2m ($3m) in the three-year joint project. The sunken ship is believed to have been part of Zheng's armada, which reached Malindi.
Wales face Tonga and Samoa in June and Jones believes it will be the perfect opportunity for Griffiths to gain international experience. Jones described 22-year-old Griffiths as the "complete open-side flanker" Dragons are away to Edinburgh in their next game on Friday, 28 April and host Cardiff Blues in the final game of the season.
Silverstone has been home to the race every year since 1987. The British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC) says it cannot afford to host the race unless a new deal is agreed. Silverstone signed a 17-year contract with former Formula 1 boss Bernie Ecclestone back in 2009 that meant it had to pay £12m for the race in 2010.
The desk and chair were given to the National Heritage Memorial Fund. The fund was set up after the death of Charles Dickens in 1870. The desk was used to write the novel The Mystery of Edwin Drood. It is now on display at the National Museum of London.
Several lawsuits had demanded Cairo's Administrative Court block the decision to form the panel. They said women, young people and minorities were under-represented. Islamists from the Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and Justice Party and the Salafist Nour party, which dominate parliament, have a near-majority.
The new law was proposed by the Football Association and will apply to domestic and international football. It will come in to force on 1 June, in time for the World Cup in Brazil. Law 4 of the game, which relates to players' equipment, will be amended.
Somerset's Dom Bess takes 6-28 on his County Championship debut. 19-year-old's victims included Ian Bell and Jonathan Trott. Bess now has the best figures by a Somerset debutant for 55 years. He was bowling for Devon in the Minor Counties Championship a month ago.
The commission is investigating tax deals granted to US companies for setting up headquarters in Europe. Next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on Apple. The company could be hit with a multi-billion pound bill for unpaid taxes. The commission said there was "no bias against US companies" in the probes.
Barry Middleton named in the GB men's squad for the fourth time. The 16-strong squad also includes Nick Catlin, Dan Fox, Iain Lewers and Harry Martin. Kate Richardson-Walsh will compete at her fourth Olympics. Crista Cullen and Alex Danson will be at their third Games.
Schemes totalling £36m for north Wales were announced by ministers last week. They include schemes to revamp Newport and Bridgend centres, move people back into empty homes in Port Talbot and make properties in Pontypridd energy efficient. The funding is from the Welsh government's Vibrant and Viable Places initiative.
The petition.parliament.uk site is designed to help people get issues on the political agenda. Petitions will initially be considered by a cross-party committee of MPs. The thresholds for a petition getting a response or being considered for a debate have not changed in the revamp of the old website.
U.S. scientist Craig Venter has been working on creating a synthetic life form for more than a decade. He was vilified by the scientific community for his work on the human genome. He is now working on a project to sequence genomes from the vast range of microbes living in the sea.
Royal Cornwall Hospital Trust said it was overwhelmed over Easter. Issues with the NHS 111 phone system prevented calls getting through to the Cornwall GP service, which caused delays. Some patients remained on trolleys for 10 or 11 hours and operations were cancelled. NHS Kernow is asking people to consider the most appropriate place to go for treatment.
GB had opened their campaign with a comfortable 31-7 win over Kenya. Team GB led deep into the final stages against Japan - who upset joint favourites New Zealand 14-12. Japan scored a third try, only to miss a conversion to draw with time up. New Zealand bounced back from their shock opening loss to Japan to beat Kenya.
Theresa May is hoping for a strong, clear and personal mandate. But in European terms, that's something of a secondary issue. The EU Commission's lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, is going to have to deal with whoever is in residence in 10 Downing Street and the strength of the occupant's mandate won't be his concern.
Keith Baker, 60, admitted rape and assault over an eight-year period. His wife Caroline, 54, admitted she helped him and indecently assaulted the woman. Two charges of false imprisonment were left on the books. The couple will be sentenced on 2 December at Belfast Crown Court.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said the Transition Training Fund should help keep expertise in the energy sector. The fund will offer grants for individuals to acquire specialised skills or further training. Also announced was £12.5m of Scottish Enterprise funding aimed at helping oil and gas firms sustain growth.
The Welsh Government has agreed to sign over some land near the entrance to Pembrey Country Park. It will be used to stage competitive cycle sports as well as recreational events, coaching and training. It is expected to make more than £25,000 a year from entrance fees and caravan and camping stays.
Robber took the money box before making off in a small white car, later found burnt out nearby. No-one was seriously injured in the incident but a security guard suffered a minor injury to his knee after being struck by the car. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Celtic Energy transferred ownership of the mines to a firm in the Caribbean. Serious Fraud Office accused six people including two former directors of trying to avoid paying restoration costs. A judge threw out the case. Mr Watson said the firm had accepted that for Margam the prospect of further mining to help pay for restoration costs was not an option.
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau. Yn ôl adroddiadau mae'r tâin bellach o dan reolaeth ond nid yw'n bosib i'r criwiau ddydd Sadwrn.
Chelsea beat Manchester United 3-0 at Stamford Bridge. Goals from Pedro, Gary Cahill and N'Golo Kante secured victory. Blues move up to fourth in Premier League, one point behind leaders Manchester City. Jose Mourinho returned to Stamford Bridge for first time since being sacked in December 2015.
Kaya Scodelario was one of the longest-serving members of the cast. She went on to appear in sci-fi thriller Maze Runner and is now in Australia filming the next instalment of Pirates of The Caribbean with Johnny Depp. Jack O'Connell was hand-picked by Angelina Jolie to star in her most recent movie Unbroken.
Assistant Chief Constable Bernie Higgins said officers were among the best trained in the force. But he accepted police intelligence could sometimes get it wrong. The force backed down from its policy of arming some officers for routine duties following a backlash last year. Police Scotland received more than 5,000 complaints since May in total.
The ECB's deposit rate, which applies to money parked overnight by commercial banks, is now minus 0.4%. Japan is the first government among the G20 major economies to borrow money by issuing bonds for 10 years at an interest rate of less than zero. Inflation, in the judgement of central banks in the main developed economies, is too low.
Police were called to Nuthurst Park in Moston, Manchester, on Saturday. A 16-year-old boy was remanded in custody and will appear in court on Monday. Greater Manchester Police said it was aware of a lot of speculation. It asked for the legal process to continue without prejudice.
The Legend of Barney Thomson will open the 69th year of the festival on Wednesday 17 June. The film, which stars Carlyle alongside Emma Thompson and Ray Winstone, will receive its world premiere at the start of the 12-day festival.Tickets for the film's public screening at Edinburgh's Festival Theatre go on sale on Wednesday.
The female has taken up residence at the Loch of the Lowes centre near Dunkeld. It is thought to be the world's oldest breeding raptor. The Trust operates a 24-hour watch on the nest site to ensure the safety of the birds and the egg.
Jose Manuel Barroso said free movement of people within the EU was an "essential" principle that could not be changed. He said he believed David Cameron wanted Britain to remain in the EU. Conservative Party chairman Grant Shapps said Mr Barro so was "out of touch" and an "unelected bureaucrat"
BP's Statistical Review of World Energy said global energy consumption "slowed sharply" to an increase of just 0.9% in 2014. The growth in Chinese coal consumption slowed to "unusually weak" levels, due to the slowing pace of industrialisation in the country. renewable energy continued to see the fastest growth in demand, now fulfilling 3% of the world's energy needs.
"We need to make sure we don't lose any more of our children," he says. "We don't want to lose the ones we have now" He is referring to the children who have been left behind after the death of their parents. The children were left to die without their parents, who died in childbirth.
Tuilagi is still recovering from a knee injury sustained in October. The 23-year-old is expected to be fit for England's World Cup warm-up. England face France and Ireland in their opening two matches. The Six Nations kicks off on 18 September.
Igor Dodon, head of the Party of Socialists (PSRM), is riding a wave of public discontent. He blames widespread corruption on the pro-EU parties which have ruled Moldova since 2009. Last year, three banks collapsed and $1bn disappeared - equal to about one-sixth of the country's GDP.
Cumbria manager to meet with board next week to discuss plans for next season. Carlisle lost 6-5 at St James' Park in League Two play-off semi-final. Cumbria have not won a league game since the start of the 2013-14 season.
Ordnance Survey maps only refer to Black Rock Sands near Porthmadog. But it is also know locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan - after the village next to the shoreline. The name was adopted after consultation with the Gwynedd council. Council said they would continue to collaborate with agencies to "ensure that the correct names are used wherever possible"
Grace Taylor, who was backpacking, had been uncontactable since 16 February. The family filed a missing person report to Dorset Police on 21 February. Then on 22 February, Ms Taylor contacted her family, who booked her a flight home. But her mother said she did not board the flight.
South Wales Police has arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with the incident at Kingsway. The man's injuries were not life-threatening, said police. Roads were closed for a time on Sunday morning to allow crime scenes officers to investigate. The incident happened just before 03:30 GMT.
Welsh First Minister says Tories' immigration plans are "disturbing, sinister and beneath contempt" Home Secretary Amber Rudd says new curbs on foreign workers and students may be needed to "change the tide" of public opinion. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon and Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood join forces with Green Party leaders to condemn "toxic rhetoric"
Prof Patrick Johnston says a rise in tuition fees or a return to public funding is needed to bridge a Â£100m gap. "We have some very critical decisions as a society to make very, very quickly, because we're already in trouble," he says.
Gosport Borough Council says it brought in the £100 fines to combat dog mess and poorly controlled dogs. Previously walkers were allowed to walk up-to six charges, but this has been curbed with the new Public Spaces Protection Order (PSPO) One professional dog walker said it will affect business.
Two men were convicted of child abuse in the 1970s. They were part of a group of men who abused children at a Belfast home. The men were later released after a court order was issued. The case has been referred to the European Court of Human Rights. The court is considering whether the case should be taken to court.
Brothers Jason Russell, 28, and Darren, 26, and their friend Daniel Hughes, 36, were trekking in a remote area when the quake struck. The whereabouts of 1,000 EU citizens remain unknown and according to a Red Cross missing persons list posted online, 28 people from Britain and Ireland remain unaccounted for.
Wales lost 2-1 to Scotland in the EuroHockey Championship II final. But both the men's and women's teams have reached the A Division. Wales will join the likes of Germany, England and the Netherlands in 2019. Wales also hope to qualify for the 2018 Commonwealth Games.
Donegal's win sets up a provincial semi-final against holders Monaghan on 25 June. The teams involved in the last three Ulster deciders meet again. Fermanagh, meanwhile, will face Wexford away in the qualifiers in two weeks. Sean Quigley's penalty miss was the key moment of the contest. Eoin McHugh also shone for Donegal as he kicked two scores.
Martin, 28, has scored seven goals in 17 appearances for Fulham in the Championship this term. Jokanovic: "I'm not going to send him back to Derby - he's going to stay with us and respect the contract" Earlier this month, Derby manager Steve McClaren said he was surprised Martin was allowed to leave the club under previous boss Nigel Pearson.
An estimated 70,000 people have left their homes and moved to the gold fields. The mines are a four-hour drive from the capital Kampala, and the only road in is a bumpy dirt track. The miners say Uganda's President Yoweri Museveni knew about the illegal mining, but chose to ignore it.
Chancellor says the economy is showing "clear signs" of shock following the vote to leave the European Union. In a speech he said the government had to be "realistic about achieving a surplus by the end of the decade" The Treasury insists that it still wants to balance the books and "fix the finances"
Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim al-Khalifa, Gianni Infantino, Prince Ali bin al-Hussein, Tokyo Sexwale and Jerome Champagne want to replace Sepp Blatter. The election process is expected to begin at 12:00 GMT, but several rounds of voting may be required before a winner is known. Each candidate has 15 minutes to address the congress.
Mariusz Tomaszewski, 32, and Pawel Honc, 24, received 19 years each. They admitted causing grievous bodily harm with intent and aggravated burglary. Oskar Pawlowicz, 30, and Dawid Tychon, 29, who admitted aggravated burglary, were sentenced to 13 years. Mr Kohler, 55, needed facial reconstruction surgery after the attack in Wimbledon.
Salford Red Devils play Wigan Warriors in the other semi-final. The semi-finals will take place at neutral venues on the 28 and 29 July. Hull were the final side to confirm their place in the final four, after defeating Super League leaders Castleford 32-24.
Councils approved 1,584 applications from people with convictions. More than 1,200 taxi-related complaints in 2014 - a small rise on the previous year. Scottish Taxi Federation said the public should not be concerned. Figures come in wake of Glasgow taxi driver Arshad Mohammed being found guilty of raping a female passenger.
The 71-year-old's show was "not full of the sort of comic vitality with which he made his name" The Alimony Tour - so-called because it is funding a divorce - opened in Cambridge on Tuesday. After his last Cambridge date on Saturday, Cleese will perform his show in several cities before closing in Bath on 2 July.
The 24-year-old has not started a game for the Bluebirds this season. The deal to sign him fell through because of complications with his contract. He has played for QPR, Birmingham City and Wigan in the Premier League. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
We travelled to southern Bangladesh, where many of the migrants set off on their perilous voyages. We met one of the people smugglers on what Bangladeshis proudly boast is the world's longest beach. He said the prison camps were an essential part of the business model and all the migrants knew about them. Without exception, they said they knew migrants would be held in Thailand until full payment was made.
Karen Munro was unable to go out on Thursday because she was unwell. She set up a camera to capture footage of the Northern Lights through a window. The display was visible between 03:00 and 04:00 on Thursday. The aurora borealis is caused by the interaction of the solar wind and Earth's magnetic field and atmosphere.
Alexis Scott, 39, tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them. She was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance. Judge James Mahoney said the severity of her crime meant she would be split up from her young daughter, who had been with her at a mother and baby unit.
The 50km (31 mile) HK Ultramarathon saw competitors cover the same stretch of road 25 times. Nestor Wong won the event in 3:24:20 and defended the course, saying it helped to hear the cheering crowds. Kwan Kee, chairman of the Hong Kong Amateur Athletic Association, conceded that the course was "quite boring"
Crabtree & Evelyn said it was in talks with staff about the "transfer of employment" and "relocation of roles" Northampton-based provider will take over distribution and packaging services from April 2017. The company employs 54 people at its Pontyclun site.
E-book publisher Via Afrika is using social media to reach young people. The company has partnered with a non-profit organisation to roll out e-books in rural schools. Social media is becoming more and more popular in South Africa, says the company's chief executive.
Nicole Clark used her mother Avril Stewart's bank details to set up online accounts. The 30-year-old admitted stealing the money between 8 August and 26 August last year. The accused's mother had not recouped any of the stolen money. Sheriff William Wood deferred sentence to prepare social work reports.
The Dow Jones closed at a record for the eighth consecutive day. The wider S&P 500 index closed up 0.19% at 2,476.83, while the Nasdaq rose 0.18% to 6,351.56. Goldman Sachs was among the biggest winners on the Dow, rising 2.6%.
The number of nurses in the UK has risen by 5,000 since May 2010. But the number of people working in the NHS has fallen by 10,000 in that time. This is because more people are working in community, mental health and midwifery. The number of full-time nurses has also increased.
Staff were told on Tuesday that the city centre business had gone into liquidation with the loss of 53 jobs. It was opened by Thomas Austin in 1830 and is thought to have been one of the oldest stores in Europe. One worker, Toni McNally, has been employed by the business for her entire working life.
European authorities have been clamping down on roaming charges. But Three is the first network to abolish them altogether. Customers on a pay monthly contract would be able to use their allowances of free minutes, texts and data with no extra charges for being abroad. But those on unlimited plans will be subject to some restrictions.
Hannah Witheridge, 23, and David Miller, 24, found dead on Koh Tao on Monday. British brothers Christopher and James Ware were questioned but police now say there is no evidence against them. Thailand's prime minister has apologised after he appeared to suggest beautiful women in bikinis could not be safe.
"It's going to be up to someone else now," he said. He said he wished Michael Gove 'every possible success' in his bid to lead the Tory party. Mr Gove shocked Westminster by pulling out of the Tory leadership race instead of running for the top job.
Zambia has about 1,600 doctors for a population of 14 million. Two-thirds of these are working in towns and cities. Most of the country's population is in the countryside. This means access to good quality health care is often difficult if not impossible. Virtual doctors project means that these isolated health centres can be supported by doctors thousands of miles away.
Abdul Hafidah, 18, died in hospital from a stab wound to the neck. Police believe he had been chased by a group of men near Greenheys Lane. His family said they were experiencing "the most difficult time in our lives" Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder. A 17-year-old boy was also arrested and later bailed.
The first Hotel Chocolat store opened in 2004. The company has gone on to grow into a multi-million pound empire. It has 81 shops, eight cafes, two restaurants, and a hotel. The firm's 100% dark chocolate products, for example, took five years to become profitable.
Religious rites were carried out on the deck of a US aircraft carrier, the USS Carl Vinson. The body, shrouded in a white sheet, was then positioned on a flat board, tipped up, and eased into the Arabian Sea. Islamic tradition requires the dead to be buried as soon as possible, unless an autopsy is required.
BHP Billiton rose 3.3% and Rio Tinto was 3% higher. The two firms topped the FTSE 100's risers board, with the index up 28.67 points at 6,715.24. Ryanair shares were up 1.6% after the company became the first airline to carry more than 10 million passengers in a month.
The 66-year-old faces nine tax charges at the Republic of Ireland's Special Criminal Court. Prosecutors claim he had significant dealings in cattle and land and received farming grants but failed to submit tax returns for nine years. His defence lawyers claim that their client's brother, Patrick Murphy, managed his cattle herd.
From April 2017, 600,000 small firms will not have to pay business rates. To fund the giveaway, the chancellor capped debt interest payments used by larger firms to cut their corporation tax bills, to 30% of earnings. George Osborne said his business tax reforms were part of a "Budget for small business"
Cuthbert has not played for Wales since their 26-23 win over Scotland in February. He was left out of the matchday squads altogether for their three remaining fixtures. The previously prolific Cuthbert failed to score in 11 of the 14 matches he played for his region during 2014-15.
Christian averaged 41, with a strike-rate of 159.51, as Notts Outlaws won nine matches in a row in 2016. He captained the side during this year's tournament and will be one of their two overseas players for the competition in 2017. Christian has played 174 Twenty20 matches during his career, scoring 2,549 runs and taking 130 wickets.
Body of Lindsay Rimer, 13, was found in the Rochdale Canal five months after she disappeared in Hebden Bridge, West Yorkshire, in November 1994. Her killer has never been found and West Yorkshire Police are treating the death as murder. The force said a new DNA profile had been identified, which it hoped would lead them to identify the killer.
Ex-Manchester United trainee McGinty, 21, played 13 times for the Conference club after joining on loan in February. Phil Smith, 35, who was the Shots' first-choice stopper for 2014-15, has agreed a new one-year contract with the club.
Bevan, 18, won team silver at the World Championships in Glasgow last month. He broke his left tibia and fibia after landing on a concrete floor in what he described as a "freak accident" British Gymnastics' medical team is expected to issue more information on the teenager's injury on Tuesday.
Violence erupted on the outskirts of Jerusalem's Old City and across the occupied West Bank after the end of Muslim Friday prayers. Two Palestinians were reported killed by troops - one an alleged assailant in the West Bank, the other in Gaza. Israel removed all the security apparatus following intense pressure to defuse the crisis.
Documents filed with US regulator said French authorities recently completed an audit of Booking.com's accounts from 2003 to 2012. The company said the majority of funds being sought are penalties. Last week, Google's headquarters in Paris were searched as part of an investigation into possible tax evasion.
Transport for London (TfL) announced a public consultation process to decide how the city's private hire trade should be regulated. Proposals include improving the driving and English language skills of drivers and stricter insurance requirements. But Uber said that the proposals would raise prices and add to congestion in London.
Cadel Evans wins stage 20 of the Tour de France in a time of 55 minutes 40 seconds. Evans moves 1:34 ahead of Andy Schleck in the overall standings. The final 95km run into Paris is traditionally not contested by the general classification contenders as sprinters take centre stage on the Champs-Elysees.
The children had previously lived in areas controlled by Boko Haram. They were held in a military barracks in the north-eastern city of Maiduguri. Human rights groups argue that there is no proper legal process for civilians, including children, detained by the army as part of their counter-insurgency operations.
Britain will claim maximum of two Olympic berths for the women's event if any of the GB athletes - other than Murray - can finish in the top eight in Sunday's final. Murray, 25, who has already secured Rio Olympic qualification, was down in 21st after the fencing round. She is joined by team-mates Kate French, Freyja Prentice and Francesca Summers.
More than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown. Affected employees who currently own its vehicles will be given a payment relief. Hyundai had offered a similar scheme, the Hyundai Assurance programme, during the peak of the global financial crisis four years ago.
Photographer Jason Sheldon says Taylor Swift did not "play fair" when it came to image rights. Mr Sheldon said he and other photographers had been called to hand over some rights to their images from Swift's live concerts. He said he had to sign a permission form that granted Swift's management company long-term rights to reuse the images.
Jonathan Platt successfully contested a fine from Isle of Wight Council. He took his young daughter on a family holiday to Florida in April. The council took him to court after he refused to pay a Â£120 fine. As a "person of interest" in the case, he has a right to attend.
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis turned away two gay couples seeking marriage licences on Tuesday morning. The couples asked a district judge to punish Ms Davis by fining her, rather than sending her to jail. The US Supreme Court on Monday rejected the argument that her faith prevented her from carrying out her duty.
Ukraine is third in the medal table at the Rio Paralympics. The country has struggled with an economic crisis and war in the east. Their main training centre in Crimea was taken over by Russia in 2014. But the country's Paralympic chief says they have the best system in the world.
A 69-year-old man was arrested in Dartford, Kent, on Sunday. Documents contained information the police and security service MI5 believe could put the lives of individuals at risk. Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott said the ombudsman's office had serious questions to answer.
School crossing patrol personnel numbers have dropped by about 75 since 2013. Stirling Council has reduced its outlay by the highest percentage, spending 50% less than in 2013. West Dunbartonshire cut its spending on patrol services by 40%. Figures obtained from Freedom of Information requests answered by 30 of Scotland's 32 local authorities.
The Nikkei 225 closed down 0.4% at 18,916.02, although the index had been as much as 1.6% in earlier trade. Toshiba shares fell 9.8% on reports it was expecting record losses for the year to March. A stronger yen makes the products Japan's big exporters make more expensive to buy overseas.
The freeze is expected to cost £640m. It will not apply to travelcards, monthly Oyster cards or daily caps. TfL will have to make cuts of at least £591m by 2018, the point at which it will lose its government operational grant.
Former SNP leader said he still favoured the use of Sterling. But he said the independence case needs "refurbishment" in a future referendum. In September 2014, voters north of the border decided by 55% to 45% to stay part of the United Kingdom. The SNP's new strategy will begin in the summer, after Holyrood election and June's EU referendum.
The 998g (35.2oz) opal, valued at nearly A$900,000 (Â£550,000; $680,000), is now on display in Adelaide's South Australian Museum. Walter Bartram was prospecting in dusty terrain in Coober Pedy, about 750km north of Adelaide, in 1946 when he staked a claim to what became called the Fire of Australia.
The island is owned by Natural England, who lease it to two people. The wetland site is protected land, and is a Site of Special Scientific Interest. It is also an important bird breeding and nesting site. The remains are believed to be those of men and boys who died of contagious diseases on board floating prisons.
More than 100 schools across the UK took part in News Day in 2010. Students from as far afield as St Helena in the South Atlantic took part. School Reporters from across the country also took part, covering a range of topics. This year's stories include a look back at some of the best stories of the year.
Gen Sir Nicholas Houghton told the BBC's Andrew Marr that refusing to launch nuclear weapons would "seriously undermine" Britain's "deterrent" He said he would be worried if such a view "translated into power". Mr Corbyn called on the defence secretary to "take action" against Sir Nicholas over his comments.
The new editor-in-chief of British Vogue will take over on 1 August. He has been at the helm of the magazine since it was founded in 1993. He is the son of former Vogue editor-at-large and former British PM Margaret Thatcher. The new editor will be based in London.
The e-Delicious machine measures the balance of six Thai flavours. It can also assess the dish's visual presentation, which is important in Thai cooking. But can it actually tell you if the dish is any good? We decided to give it a test and found it to be a failure.
The report was commissioned by leading children's charities in Scotland. It found that physical punishment was still common in Scotland and the UK. A bid to outlaw smacking in Wales was rejected by the Welsh Assembly last month. The report concluded: "The evidence for harmful effects of physical punishment is strong and consistent"
The 21-year-old prop joined the club this summer under their Player Development Foundation scheme. Paver says Chapman's performance in the British and Irish Cup win on Saturday has raised some eyebrows. The former Launceston player spent the 2014-15 season with Plymouth Albion in the Championship.
Newcastle beat Aston Villa 2-0 at St James' Park. Yoan Gouffran and Henri Lansbury scored for the Magpies. But top scorer Dwight Gayle limped off after 33 minutes. Aston Villa striker Scott Hogan was carried off on a stretcher late on.
Celtic's largest shareholder Dermot Desmond said on Wednesday "in excess of six" candidates had been interviewed for the manager's position. The pair worked together at Watford and Northern Irishman Rodgers, 43, is the frontrunner for the Celtic job. The Englishman has already won the Championship and Challenge Cup in his first season in Glasgow.
Vikki Thompson, 21, died at HMP Leeds on 13 November. She had been awaiting sentencing for robbery. Partner Bob Steele said he had been "robbed of the love of my life" Prison Service spokesman said an inquiry into her death is ongoing. She was considered to be "at risk of self-harm" and was being monitored.
In March, the ICAO issued an alert on Thailand's aviation body after a safety audit revealed that it failed to adequately oversee its airlines. The move led to a ban on new flights to China, Japan and South Korea. Thai officials had then submitted plans to deal with the concerns in March. But, the country's body on Thursday for failing to solve the issues within 90 days.
The film's trailer attracted more "dislikes" than any trailer ever on YouTube. The Guardian is one of the papers that gives the film four stars. Vanity Fair critic Richard Lawson was one of those not so impressed. Director Paul Feig said he understood fans were "nervous" about the film.
Margaret Jamieson, 70, from Peebles, suffered fatal injuries in the accident. Two other people - a man and a woman - were seriously injured and taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh. Police have urged anyone who witnessed the crash, involving a Nissan Quashqai and a VW Caddy, to contact them.
George Osborne said the new surcharge would raise £1bn extra for the Treasury by 2021. Landlords reacted angrily to the change, saying it would "choke off" investment in rented properties.Commercial property investors, with more than 15 properties, are expected to be exempt from the new charges.
tanker carrying highly-flammable ethanol caught fire near Lesmahagow. No-one was injured as a result of the blaze, which closed the motorway for several hours. About 100 firefighters were involved in efforts to extinguish the blaze. Police and fire crews were called to the scene at about 10:30 on Friday.
The grant will see six hectares of Broadcroft Quarry in Portland, Dorset, restored and opened as a trail. The two-year project is one of the first steps towards the main Jurassica attraction, which is planned in the 40m (132ft) deep quarry.
Sellafield says the site is safe and has been improved with significant investment in recent years. BBC investigation was prompted by a whistle-blower - a former senior manager who was worried by conditions at the plant. Manx government concerned about structural integrity of ageing waste storage ponds and silos.
Stoke City beat Bournemouth 3-1 at the Vitality Stadium on Saturday. Goals from Ibrahim Afellay, Giannelli Imbula, Joselu and Matt Ritchie secured the win. It was Stoke's first away win in 2016 and only their second league victory in seven attempts. Mark Hughes's side move up to ninth in the table, five points off the European places.
Lincolnshire Police said "procedures were correctly followed at the time" but policy has subsequently changed. The first allegation was made in 1999 but no action was taken due to "insufficient evidence" In 2006 police arrested Mr Dawson after four other men came forward claiming they were also abused as children.
Oldham are next to bottom of the Championship, three points from safety. The Latics have just exited a transfer embargo and reappointed John Sheridan. The original game was postponed on 26 November because of a frozen pitch. The offer is for both home and away supporters visiting SportsDirect.com Park.
The envoy was questioned on Friday after his Indian wife alleged he sexually abused their three-year-old. Police say they are trying to confirm if the man has diplomatic immunity. The wife of the envoy has written to the French ambassador in India and the Indian government, to prevent her husband from leaving the country until all legal proceedings are complete.
Katy Marchant won the women's keirin at the Para-cycling BVI championships. Jason Kenny, Lewis Oliva and Oliver Wood won their respective finals. Katie Archibald and Joanna Rowsell Shand won the team pursuit. Sophie Thornhill and her pilot Helen Scott claimed their second gold medal.
David Jordan, 44, from Cavanalinn in Pomeroy, County Tyrone, is accused of the bomb attack on the officer in Castlederg in May 2008. The police officer was driving to start a night shift at a police station when a booby-trap bomb hidden under his car exploded.
Pentagon spokesman Rear Admiral John Kirby said fighter and bomber jets and Tomahawk missiles were used in the attack. IS is a radical militant group which has threatened to harm any non-muslims unless they convert to Islam. It is supported by some other Middle Eastern countries such as Jordan and Saudi Arabia.
Colin Lochrie, 31, targeted the aircraft on 28 November 2013, causing the pilot to take evasive action. Lochrie was caught after officers were alerted and traced Lochrie to his home in the city's west end. Sheriff Bill Totten told him: "I wish to emphasise that this is not a case in which Mr Lochrie made a deliberate attempt to impair the pilot's vision"
Shipments jumped 21.8% from a year earlier, boosted by strong demand from the US and South East Asia. Most analysts had expected a 15% rise. However, there was a big fall in imports, which declined 15.2%. Lunar New Year celebrations, during which factories are shut for days, played a key role in that decline.
James is eighth on the NBA all-time list with 27,938 career points. The 32-year-old scored 25 points on Sunday to pass the milestone. Atlanta Hawks needed four periods of over-time to beat New York Knicks 142-139. Paul Millsap played 60 minutes, including 35 consecutive minutes, to finish with 37 points.
William Dunlop, of Billingham, Teesside, was jailed in 2006 over the 1989 killing of Julie Hogg. It is now alleged he raped one girl and forced himself on to another. Both girls were under the age of 16 at the time of the alleged offences. He denies three counts of rape and two charges of indecent assault.
Heydrich was one of the architects of the Final Solution when he was governor of occupied Bohemia. He was assassinated by British-trained Czech and Slovak troops in May 1942. It inspired John Martin from Mold, Flintshire, to research the topic for more than 40 years.
870s - First Norse settlements on Iceland. 1262-4 - Icelanders recognise the King of Norway as their monarch. 1380 - Norway and Iceland enter a union with the Danish crown. 1402-04 - Plague hits Iceland, killing half the population. 1550 - Catholic bishop, Jon Arason, captured and beheaded.
The six male athletes also said they engaged in disruptive behaviour. The admission follows a report that assessed Australia's poor swimming performance at the London 2012 Games. It found that amid a lack of leadership a "toxic" team culture developed that led to bullying and misuse of prescription drugs.
Warren, 79, who started the Granada Television show when he was 24, died on 1 March after a short illness. His coffin was carried into the cathedral by members of the cast, watched by the crowds outside. Julie Goodyear, famous for playing barmaid Bet Lynch, paid a heartfelt tribute to Warren, a friend of 50 years.
Racial and political tensions have been a steady source of instability. Fiji's population is divided between indigenous Fijians and Indo-Fijians. In 2009 Fiji was suspended from the Commonwealth over its lack of progress towards democracy. In 2012 the government agreed to hold free elections in 2014, prompting Australia and New Zealand to restore full diplomatic ties.
The first minister signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SinoFortone and another Chinese firm in March. Opposition parties voiced fears about the deal amid concerns CR3's parent company China Railway Group had been named in an Amnesty International report on human rights abuses. Scottish government said opposition parties should be "ashamed" for putting potential investments at risk.
Tests have shown rat poison killed the female bird of prey. It was discovered in a quarry in Penmaenmawr in June. North Wales Police said it was the second suspicious death of a peregrine falcon in the last few months. The protected bird is a threat to racing pigeons.
Nicola Sturgeon is exploring ways of keeping Scotland inside the European single market. EFTA members include Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein. They are signed up to the free movement of goods, services, capital and people. Scottish government would like the UK as a whole to seek a similar arrangement.
The three activists have been banned from taking part in the election. They had submitted more than 1,000 signatures to the election commission. The commission has ruled that the signatures are not valid. The move is seen as a blow to the opposition's hopes of winning the election in March.
Somerset beat Hampshire by six wickets in the County Championship. The hosts won the toss and chose to bat against the pink ball. Craig Overton (2-35) struck, removing Jimmy Adams (47) and Rilee Rossouw in quick succession. Jack Leach, Tim Groenewald and Lewis Gregory also took wickets.
Christmas Day is the only religious holiday which is also a national public holiday. South Africa's Law Reform Commission argues that is unfair and says holidays from all religions should be treated equally. Some 80% of South Africans are classed as Christian, although many combine their Christian beliefs with traditional practices.
The doll was stolen from St John's Kirk in Glasgow before 23:30 on Monday. It was the second time the life-sized doll had been stolen from the nativity scene. Police Scotland said three males would be reported to the procurator fiscal in due course.
The All Progressives Congress (APC) won 19 of the 28 governor posts. It is the biggest defeat for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) since 1999. The party lost for the first time in key northern states like Katsina and Kaduna. It also lost control of Adamawa, one of three states badly hit by Boko Haram.
Everton chief executive Robert Elstone said the plan was at "an early stage" The Toffees have played at Goodison Park since 1892. An initial plan was to build a stadium at Walton Hall Park, a short distance north-east of Goodison, but it was strongly opposed by local protestors.
Shanghai SIPG have signed Boca Juniors forward Carlitos Tevez. The 32-year-old has been linked with a move to Chelsea. Tevez won the Premier League title with both Manchester clubs. He also won the Champions League with United in 2008.
The order is effective for all of England and Wales until 10 May. If Mr Gough contravenes it, he could be imprisoned again. Eastleigh Borough Council and Hampshire Constabulary applied for the order. They said it was because he had caused "much offence nationwide"
GSA aims to raise £20m to restore the famous building which was badly damaged by fire on 23 May. Most recent pledges and individual donations by members of the public mean the fund currently stands at £6.4m. Hugh Fraser Foundation has pledged £300,000, with £250,000 to come from the Cameron Mackintosh Foundation.
Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Middlesbrough 1-0 at Molineux. Nuno Espirito Santo handed starts to seven summer acquisitions. Martin Braithwaite should have levelled for Boro before the break. Britt Assombalonga was denied by goalkeeper John Ruddy late on.
Bristol have lost all seven of their Premiership games so far this season. Head coach Mark Tainton has been suspended until the end of the season. The club are currently bottom of the table after losing their opening two games. Tainon has previously worked at London Irish and for the Ireland national team.
Mae'r asgellwr Steff Evans yn rhydd i chwarae wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu i ddileu'r gwaharddiad.
Researchers have shown that clouds are anything but misty and mysterious. The computer servers providing that on-tap processing power can be identified. The technique developed by the team is complicated, but involves finding out how hard servers are being worked in a particular cloud. Knowing how hard a server is working helps infer all kinds of useful information about what type of key is being used.
In 2007, the Icelandic economy appeared healthy. Its real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) was 35% higher than it was in 2002. However, the assets of its three largest banks had grown to over nine times GDP. This made it impossible for the Icelandic central bank to act as an effective lender of last resort.
Prince William thanks Anglesey for being a "special place" during his work as a pilot at RAF Valley. He has been based at the island since 2009 but is due to leave next month. The duke drew roars from the show crowd when he began his speech from the main ring.
Seven journalists have been killed in Mexico so far this year, most shot in broad daylight. In many cases, corrupt officials are suspected of partnering with criminals. Since 2000, at least 106 journalists have died in Mexico, according to rights group Article 19. The federal government set up a specific protection mechanism for journalists and human rights defenders.
US-based Yum is the biggest Western restaurant operator in China. Fears about growth in the country had pushed Yum shares lower in recent weeks. China contributed more than half of Yum's $3.6bn revenue during the period. The company beat its earnings targets and has raised its full-year outlook.
The 2021 Commonwealth Games will be held in Northern Ireland. It will be the first time the Games have been held in the UK. Northern Ireland finished eighth in last year's Games in Samoa. The next Games will take place in the Bahamas in 2017. The Games are expected to cost around £1.5bn.
House Speaker Paul Ryan said he and Mr Trump agreed to pull the vote. It became apparent it would not get the minimum of 215 Republican votes needed. The last minute move was seen as a huge blow to Mr Trump. Repealing and replacing the programme known as Obamacare was one of his major election pledges.
Amal and George Clooney have welcomed their first child. The couple say the baby is healthy and expected to make a full recovery. But social media has been full of jokes about the couple's new arrival. Some have also taken issue with how some media outlets have reported the news.
According to The Times, the flyer offered "free legal support" Leigh Day, which was cleared of wrongdoing over claims against British troops in Iraq, said it had "no prior knowledge" of the poster. At least 80 people died in the blaze on 14 June, leaving hundreds homeless.
HM Inspectorate of Prisons (HMIP) carried out the inspection last autumn. Levels of violence had risen since the last inspection and "were now considerably higher than in similar prisons" Not enough was being done to "investigate individual violent incidents" and the prison was not dealing with perpetrators and victims.
Lawyers say the signs in the lobby listing the price of admission with the word "recommended" below in smaller type violate a 1893 law. The museum says its " recommended" policy has been in place for 40 years and it makes no effort to deceive visitors. About 11% of the museum's operating expenses were covered by admissions last year.
The two Democratic contenders took questions from an audience in New Hampshire, which will pick its presidential nominees in a few days. Mr Sanders, a Vermont senator, listed issues upon which he thinks Mrs Clinton was not liberal enough - trade agreements, Wall Street regulation, climate change and her backing for the war in Iraq.
Ross, 39, has agreed a deal that runs initially until the summer of 2016. The former St Mirren defender has coaching experience from stints at Dumbarton and Hearts. Alloa are bottom of the Championship, three points adrift of Livingston, who they beat 1-0 on Saturday.
Mr Trump said he respected President Putin and would prefer to "get along with him" He said he wanted help from Russia in the fight against "Islamic terrorism" The two men spoke on the phone last Saturday and have agreed to stay in "regular personal contact" but no date has been set for a meeting.
23-year-old Mawson arrived at the Liberty Stadium from Championship side Barnsley in August of 2016. Mawson has performed well despite never playing in the first tier before joining the club. Swansea face Everton needing to win as they fight Premier League relegation. Clement believes Mawson's fine form will help in them stay up.
Plans for Hopwas Wood near Tamworth have been submitted to the county council. The Woodland Trust said such woodlands were irreplaceable. The company said the quarry would cover only a fifth of the wood. It claims much of the area where it proposes to extract sand and gravel was damaged by fire in the 1970s.
The games, in Llanwrtyd Wells, continue every weekend until 29 August. There will be 60 different activities and the bog snorkelling takes place on 28 August.Economy Secretary Ken Skates said it was "a credit to Wales" which "puts a smile on faces"
A Texas grand jury has agreed a misdemeanour assault charge for family violence. Colleen Crowley says he confronted her at a Dallas hotel and hit her. The Class A misdemeanours carries up to one year in jail and a $4,000 fine. Manziel was released from Cleveland Browns in March.
Sturgeon says there will not be a referendum in 2017. She wants a deal to keep Scotland in the single market after the UK leaves the EU. The Scottish government has said it will hold a referendum on independence in 2018. But the Scottish Labour Party has called for a delay until after the EU referendum.
Derek Bruder was giving evidence at the FA Cup semi-final on 15 April 1989. He said he made his first statement shortly after the 1989 disaster. He was visited by police the following year and agreed to make changes. Former Insp Matthew Sawers denied asking Mr Bruder to change the sense of his statement.
Brandon Lewis said he asked Avon Fire Authority to commission an independent inquiry into the claims, which the authority refutes. The government has since ordered its own investigation. Three senior officers left the authority in five years under "unusual circumstances" The BBC also uncovered evidence of infighting.
Trading in China's markets was twice halted by a circuit breaker. Shanghai Composite closed 2% higher on Friday, but still ended the week down by about 10%. In London, the FTSE 100 was up 55.4 points, or 0.93%, at 6,009.4.
Raikkonen was 0.109 seconds clear of his team-mate, with Rosberg 0.237secs off the pace. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was fifth ahead of Toro Rosso's Max Verstappen. Defending champion Hamilton, who trails Rosberg by 17 points in the standings, said it had been "a difficult day"
Derek Mackay told the BBC that "as it stands" the work should be finished in early January. Extra trains between Fife and Edinburgh have been laid on and 11,000 park and ride spaces made available. Businesses are already feeling the impact of the repair work, including road hauliers.
Monitor is looking into the financial sustainability of Southend University Hospital Foundation Trust. A planned £7.8m deficit grew, for which Monitor could see no recovery plan. Hospital blamed the larger-than-anticipated deficit on growth in demand and increased staff recruitment. The hospital has pledged to cut the deficit while maintaining "high quality care for local people"
Police were called to the A35 at Bloxworth, near Wareham, at about 09:10 BST. Tests are under way to "determine the contents" of the cigarettes. HM Revenue and Customs has been informed. No arrests have been made and police are appealing for other packets.
BBC director of television, Danny Cohen, announced in February that "we're not going to have any more panel shows with no women on them" But Toksvig said having more female hosts would be a better way of ensuring more women are represented on TV. She also acknowledged a lack of older, female faces on television: "I'm 55, at a point where females tend to disappear from our screens"
Iain Stuart from Aberdeenshire was among those killed in the crash. The Airbus Super Puma was travelling from the Gullfaks field to Bergen when it crashed near the small island of Turoey. An online petition calling for all Super Pumas to be "permanently removed from service" has attracted nearly 30,000 signatures.
Duns, Hawick, Peebles and Selkirk saw numbers rise with a regionwide increase of 1% last year compared with 2015. There was a drop in footfall recorded in Galashiels, Jedburgh, Kelso and Melrose. Eyemouth - which has only been included in the figures for the past five years - also saw its figures decline compared with last year.
Drive will be piloted in Essex, Sussex and South Wales. It is backed by domestic abuse charities SafeLives and Respect. But domestic violence charity Refuge said there was "no evidence" therapy for violent partners was effective. One woman who survived a "hellish five-year marriage to a physically, emotionally and financially abusive man" said she did not believe the Drive scheme would be effective.
Wales lost 32-8 to Australia at Twickenham on Saturday. Hallam Amos dislocated his shoulder in the defeat. The Dragons wing will have an operation in the next week. Wales have already selected Cory Allen and Tomos Williams as injury replacements. They are waiting to discover the extent of scrum-half Rhys Webb's injury.
The two heavyweights will fight for the IBF title and vacant WBA belt at Wembley. Joshua, 27, is undefeated in 18 fights since turning professional. Klitschko, 41, had his first defeat in 11 years against Tyson Fury in 2015. Lewis: "Klitschko doesn't have the legs, the power that he used to"
Owen and Karl Oyston are seeking Â£150,000 damages from the Back Henry Street website. Papers were served on Thursday over six alleged defamatory comments made in 2014. Club spokesman confirmed the legal action but said it would not be commenting further. forum has appealed to fans of the Championship side to help in its legal fight.
James Gunn's white Ford Focus crashed on the A967 at Garson Farm, Shandwick, on Saturday morning. Police have appealed for anyone who saw the car between Stromness and Twatt from 04:15 to 05:30 to come forward. Police said he was James Gunn, from Stromnesses.
As Mayo produced woeful shooting and Derry keeper Ben McKinless made several great saves, the visitors led by two with two minutes of normal time left. But a Conor Loftus goal enabled Mayo to lead by three only for Mark Lynch's fisted goal to force a Derry triumph. "It's been a very difficult year. We have a very small squad because of the number of players are unavailable for various reasons"
Kilmarnock lost 2-1 to Aberdeen in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. Captain Stevie Smith was expected to miss the game with a hip complaint. But the left-back has now declared himself fit for the match. Manager Clark says Smith has shown courage to play through the problem.
Northern Ireland's Rea finished second after an exciting duel with Welshman Davies at the Spanish circuit. Rea led for most of the race after starting ninth on the grid and briefly hit the front again on the last lap. Marco Melandri of Italy was third with England's Tom Sykes in fourth place.
Exams watchdog Ofqual said this may be because of the readiness of schools to find students entitled to more time. Head teacher of a comprehensive school in Suffolk said the different rates raised "serious questions".Students receive extra time, typically more than three hours to complete a two-and-a-half hour exam.
Jarryd Hayne left Parramatta Eels to join the San Francisco 49ers this year. Burgess was part of the Rabbitohs side that beat St Helens 39-0 to win the 2015 World Club Challenge. The 23-year-old was born in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire.
Andy Butler opened the scoring before further goals from Liam Mandeville and Matty Blair gave Rovers a commanding half-time lead. Tom Pett and Fraser Franks pulled goals back for Stevenage, before Jamie Jones' own goal appeared to end their comeback hopes. Rowan Liburd scored the hosts' third with a minute left as Rovers desperately clung on to go one point clear at the top.
Nepal's top cricketer, Sharad Bheswakar, has an Indian father and a Nepali mother. He has been trying to get Nepalese citizenship for eight to nine years. A lack of citizenship can make your life tough - you cannot get a driving licence, open a bank account or pursue higher education.
Castleford Tigers beat St Helens 34-24 in Super League. Tigers trailed 12-4 at half-time but fought back to win. Second-placed Salford Red Devils beaten by Wakefield. Cas return to action against Warrington next Sunday. Saints host improving Widnes on Friday.
Manchester United lost 3-2 to West Ham at Upton Park on Saturday. Louis van Gaal's side need to beat Bournemouth and hope Manchester City lose at Swansea on Sunday to have any chance of qualifying for the Champions League. Van Gaal's position appeared to be gaining strength with the supposed loss of 18-year-old transfer target Renato Sanches to Bayern Munich in a £27.6m deal.
La Manche in north-west France will host the 2016 Grand Depart. London turned down the chance to host the event citing the cost of staging the event - reported to be about £35m - as the reason. It will be the first time since West Berlin in 1987 that Germany has hosted the opening stage of road cycling's premier race.
NHS Lothian said urgent changes were being implemented and the hospital would be redeveloped by 2016. The Mental Welfare Commission visited Royal Edinburgh's ward 14 and Canaan Ward, where dementia patients are assessed. It found two individuals who were still in bed by lunchtime because staff had not had the time to get them up.
Eight people were arrested after raids on homes in the Midlands and south of England. Police believe Chinese and Malaysian women were being brought into the UK to be exploited. Some of the eight have been charged with running brothels while others face charges relating to money laundering. They have all been bailed to appear before Leamington Spa Magistrates' Court on 2 December.
Francisco Palomo was shot at least 12 times by gunmen in Guatemala City. He defended Gen Rios Montt against charges connected to the killing of more than 1,700 indigenous Guatemalans in the 1980s. The general was sentenced to 80 years in prison two years ago but his conviction was overturned.
Chartoff's daughters confirmed he died at home in Santa Monica surrounded by his family. He had pancreatic cancer. "He was an amazing father and person," said Julie Chartoff, adding: "There are no words" He won the best picture Oscar for the first Rocky film, which was written by Sylvester Stallone.
10,000 fans gather at Wembley Arena to mark 50th anniversary of 1966 World Cup final. Sir Bobby Charlton and Sir Geoff Hurst among stars to read words of remembrance. Live music from Sophie Ellis-Bextor, Reef and the Troggs. ITV will broadcast a documentary called 1966 - A Nation Remembers.
The Online Hate Crime Hub is made up of five specially trained Met police officers. It is the first hub of its kind in the UK and will cost Â£1.7m over two years. Officers will work with community experts to develop the police's understanding of online hate.
A VPN - or virtual private network - helps you browse the internet more anonymously by routing your traffic through a server that is not your point of origin. There are plenty of companies offering services with varying degrees of security. But if you are willing to roll your sleeves up and get technical with some basic coding and a £30 Raspberry Pi computer, you can build your own VPN server.
Carlsberg shares are down more than 9% in Copenhagen. The company blamed the "market decline in Eastern Europe" for offsetting strength in Asian markets. Bad weather also hurt the brewer's bottom line in Western Europe. Earlier this month, Carlsberg's rival, Heineken, reported better than expected first-half results.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared on 24 July 1991. His mother Kerry has always maintained her son is alive and was probably abducted. South Yorkshire Police said officers travelled to Kos on Sunday and would hold a press conference on Tuesday at the site where Ben was last seen.
A two-hour walkout on Friday by examiners will be followed by a week of short strikes in the Maritime and Coastguard Agency. The Public and Commercial Services union said more will be held throughout June at the Department for Transport (DfT) head office and several agencies.
Carlisle's Hallam Hope was sent off for a dangerous challenge on Darnell Furlong. Ben Williamson's tap-in for Cambridge was ruled offside. Derek Asamoah lifted over the bar from two yards. Mark Ellis then picked up a second yellow for time-wasting.
Liam McGerrigan, 27, from the city, was pronounced dead at the scene. Officers were called to Holyhead Road at about 22:10 BST on Thursday. West Midlands Police said it was still keen to hear from anyone who may have seen an altercation near a church. A 33-year-old man was arrested in Tile Hill area on Friday.
Transport Minister John Hayes said he was satisfied the local council would be financially protected in a proposed Compulsory Purchase Order. He paved the way for a search and rescue helicopter service to return to the airport. But the airport's new owners, Trevor Cartner and Chris Musgrave, claim his statements breached election rules.
Bambari is CAR's second city, but it is as underwhelming as the narrow dirt track that leads to it. The security situation deteriorated abruptly last month when 34 people were killed in a single, frenzied day. Aid agencies like Medecins Sans Frontieres are working here to support Dr Bama and his colleagues.
Froch has not fought since he beat George Groves in May 2014. The 38-year-old is a four-time world super-middleweight champion. DeGale is the first Briton to win a professional world title and an Olympic gold. Froch has been training every day since announcing his retirement in July.
The West End is fed and sustained by the talent of regional theatres, says Colchester MP. He argues that you can only have a vibrant West End if you've got a strong regional base developing the talent. MPs praised the New Theatre Royal in Portsmouth, the Buxton Opera House and the TheatreRoyal in Bury St Edmunds.
Storm Alex is expected to hit the Azores on Friday, prompting a hurricane warning. It is one of the earliest tropical systems to form in the Atlantic Hurricane Basin since records began. Another tropical storm, Pali, has formed over the Pacific, similarly rare at this time of year. Scientists have linked the storms to an unusually strong El Nino phenomenon this year.
Wales Bill aims to grant the Welsh Assembly new powers over energy, transport and elections. Draft version of the bill was dogged with controversy and the UK government has promised significant changes. Labour's Shadow Welsh Secretary Nia Griffith said there should be no "unnecessary delays" to the bill. UK government signalled its intention to compromise on more controversial aspects of the draft bill.
The 21-year-old has been playing in the Glasgow first team since 2012. Gray regularly partners brother and former Warriors lock Richie in Scotland's second row. He has made around 60 appearances for club and country in his professional career. Gray played in four of Scotland's five matches during their World Cup campaign.
Shazia Ahmad, Wasim Ali, Umar Arif and Khalid Yassen deny conspiracy to supply the class A drug. Almost 40kg (88lbs) of heroin worth about £5m was seized between 2013 and 2014. The jury was told the speaker was being carried in a car that was stopped by police.
Nearly a quarter (23%) had gone without food at least once in the previous year. Almost half (48%) of the 1,501 Scots who took part in the survey had been forced to borrow money or use credit to buy food. For a Â£250 bill, this rose to 69% and for Â £1,000 it was 83%.
Kent County Council has seen a 30% rise in looked-after children in the past seven months. Authority currently has 924 such children in its care, compared with nearly 630 at the start of last August. Councillor Peter Oakford said it was "not a position we want to be in"
The new pay deal with the Rugby Football Union means an England international will earn up to £300,000 each year in match fees alone. The latest RFU accounts showed record profits following the 2015 Rugby World Cup. Rugby Players' Association chief executive Hopley: "The players generate huge amounts of money for the game"
Anthony Scouler, 55, used seven bank accounts to hide profits of more than Â£100,000. He also used fake identities to get credit cards to pay for high-tech growing equipment. Police raided his furniture shop in Barnstaple, Devon, in 2012 and found 112 plants.
The snake's owner is an exotic animal dealer and star of the Discovery Channel reality show Airplane Repo. He could face criminal charges for not alerting authorities about the escape immediately. Local residents are warned not to get close to the snake, which is not native to Florida.
Novo's three-match ban will start on Monday, 3 April. Under article 16.7 of the code, it opted to suspend half of the sanction for six months. Glenavon have the right to appeal against the disciplinary committee's decision. Glentoran lost 2-1 to Dundee United in the League Cup on Saturday.
Aircraft came down in a field at Cwmbach, Powys, on Sunday. The victims have been named locally as Scott Penlington and Nick Jefferies. Police are examining the wreckage to find out what caused the crash. One Direction's Harry Styles was once friends with Mr Penlington.
Sean Dickson made 63 as Kent reached 146-7 at Beckenham. Will Gidman (51) and Matt Coles (52) led a recovery for the visitors. But their first-innings total means they can take no more than 20 points from the game.
The three men are accused of being members of the Muslim Brotherhood. They are also accused of plotting to kill Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy. The trial has been adjourned until next week. The defendants are due to appear in court again on May 25th and 26th.
Ex-Libyan dissident Abdul Hakim Belhaj says MI6 helped to arrange his and his wife's rendition. Case, involving allegations against ex-Foreign Secretary Jack Straw and an ex-MI6 chief, prompted an unprecedented battle over whether it can even begin. Supreme Court to decide whether the couple can sue the UK government.
Mrs Smith applied for a new visa after her grandfather died. She is still waiting for a reply from the UK Border Agency. The application process can take up to six months to complete. The British government is taking up the case. The UK Border Office says it will provide updates on the application process.
Adrian Brown, 38, stabbed Muhammed Ali on a London Overground train. Brown, of Brockley Rise, south-east London, appeared via video link from Broadmoor Hospital. He was found not guilty of attempted murder on the grounds of insanity. Judge Deborah Taylor QC ordered that Brown should be detained indefinitely.
The A835 Ullapool was closed for several hours because of a landslide at Garve. The road between Ardnarff and Strathcarron is likely to be closed for at least 12 hours after a large landslide. The Met Office issued an amber warning of rain for the Highlands, as well as yellow warnings covering parts of Perthshire, Fife, Strathclyde and the south west.
Welsh Language Minister Alun Davies has written to the BBC. He wants assurances over the future of the BBC's in-house production. The BBC has announced plans to cut about 300 jobs across the UK. The cuts will be made through voluntary redundancies, the BBC said.
The Beatles occupy the top two places in the chart. The other Beatles records in the Top 10 are Can't Buy Me Love at four, I Feel Fine at five and We Can Work It Out/Day Tripper at seven. DJ Tony Blackburn counted down the Top 60 best-selling records of the 1960s in a special programme on BBC Radio Two.
Hutchinson, 37, was battling for the lead when the race was red-flagged. The 16-time TT winner was reported to be conscious before being flown to hospital by helicopter. He has now been transferred to Liverpool for further treatment. The race was re-started and was won by Michael Dunlop.
Prime Minister was only told about her decision to quit before she announced it on her Twitter feed. She'd also done an interview, explaining her decision, which was published on the Huffington Post website within the hour. There is no evidence though that Mr Cameron is changing his mind or re-assessing the government's stance.
The Serb was beaten 6-4, 6-3 by the Argentine in Rio de Janeiro. Djokovic is bidding to win his 30th Grand Slam title at the Rio Olympics. The 29-year-old is bidding for a second straight Wimbledon title.
Robert Lady was sentenced to nine years in jail for his involvement in the 2003 abduction of the man - an Egyptian cleric - in Milan. The cleric, known as Abu Omar, was allegedly flown to Egypt and tortured. In 2009, Lady was convicted in absentia with 22 other Americans for their role in his "extraordinary rendition"
The 40-year-old had lost five matches in a row before beating Hamza Akbar 6-1. Milkins is now ranked 31st in the world. He faces Hammad Miah in the second round of the UK Championship at the weekend. He said: "I was under a lot of pressure because I just haven't won a match for ages"
The operation began at around 06:30 local time on Friday morning. It is understood that over 80 armed gardaí are involved in the investigation. Mr Byrne was shot dead in the Regency Hotel during a boxing weigh-in in the north of the city in February. This is the second search to be carried out in a week.
Grangetown was chosen for the pitch by UEFA, Cardiff council and the Football Association of Wales. Real Madrid face Juventus in the Champions League final at the National Stadium of Wales on Saturday. The stadium was named after former Cardiff City manager Sir Alex Ferguson, who played for the Welsh club.
The Welsh government has agreed to pay Â£20,000-a-year for three years. The new site will allow freeze-drying of the ship's remaining timbers to continue. It comes after Newport council said it planned to stop its funding due to budget cuts.
andowski is charged with simple battery over his encounter with former Breitbart reporter Michelle Fields. Police allege that on 8 March after a news conference in Florida, he grabbed her arm when she tried to ask Mr Trump a question. Mr Lewandowski plans to plead not guilty, the Trump campaign said.
Hayes Fuels director Allister Hayes and risk manager Stanley Gibson both pleaded guilty at Belfast Crown Court. Mr Gibson pleaded guilty to two charges of failing to ensure the safety of its employees. Mr McCarroll, a 49-year-old grand-father, died two days later from chest and pelvic injuries.
Landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need to apply for a licence for a House of Multiple Occupation. But many are put off - because a licence can cost??1,000 - despite facing a fine of up to??20,000, Southampton City Council said. Authority estimated a total of 1,500 unlicensed HMOs in the area.
Hospital in Liege, Belgium, plans to deploy more Pepper robots over the next 10 years. The robots will be significantly more expensive than the $1,850 basic model with a $34,000 (Â£24,000) price tag. The 1.2m (4ft) tall robot can recognise the human voice in 20 languages.
In 2015, hunger and/or dehydration were a factor in 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes. But that doesn't mean all of these patients starved to death or died of thirst. Malnutrition may be recorded on the death certificate as a factor contributing directly to a death when it was a complication of a different underlying cause.
Veterans for Justice UK expect about 100 former soldiers to take part in a march through the city next month. Organisers said it was to highlight "injustices against soldiers" John Kelly, whose brother Michael was killed in the 1972 atrocity, said the march was a "deliberate insult"
Manufacturing contributes only 15% to India's gross domestic product. Narendra Modi wants to raise it to 25%. The launch comes on the eve of Mr Modi's first visit to the US as prime minister. Mr Modi won the recent general election promising to revive India's slowing economy.
Super Eagles captain Vincent Enyeama made "uncomplimentary remarks" regarding safety and security in Kaduna for a 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier against Chad. The 32-year-old could face a lengthy ban for his comments which the NFF feels broke its recent code of conduct.
The remains were found in an area off the A198, near the entrance to Gosford House in Longniddry. Ms Tiffney was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in May 2002. A murder charge against her son Sean Flynn was found not proven by a jury in 2005.
The League One side have been under an embargo since November. A £300,000 bill with HM Revenue & Customs and fees owed to other clubs is to be cleared. The Latics are bottom of the table, three points from safety. They have not won a league game since 18 October.
The vehicle smashed into the house in West Pennard, near Glastonbury, Somerset, after colliding with an articulated lorry. The homeowner, who was at his desk at the time of the crash, suffered minor injuries and was taken to hospital. Crews are working to remove the truck and stabilise the building.
Nordtveit's low shot took a deflection off Sammy Clingan's heel to beat keeper Lee Camp just before half-time.Substitute Elyounoussi produced a fine shot on the turn in the 87th minute and another replacement Ruud made it 3-0 to Norway with a fine volley. Northern Ireland have won just one of their last 14 friendlies.
Putin says he is not seeking to influence France's election. Le Pen wants EU sanctions against Russia to be lifted. She also wants Russia and France to work together to save the world. She never showed up at a press conference. The French far-right candidate is neck-and-neck with centrist candidate Macron.
Post-mortem finds Mr Hunter died from a single gunshot wound. Two other people were injured in the shooting in Headley, near Epsom. A man from London, 38, who was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder remains in custody. A woman, 30, released on conditional bail until September.
David Cameron set to announce the date of a referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU. The referendum is widely expected to be on Thursday, 23 June. Cameron had to make concessions to get a deal with the leaders of the 27 other EU members. The ability to restrict benefits to migrants is an important victory for Mr Cameron.
MyTravelPass was established as part of a budget deal with the Liberal Democrats. It gave 16-18 year olds a third off bus travel. The Welsh Government announced the end of the scheme in January. But it will continue beyond April until a new scheme, planned for 2018, is in place.
Jacqueline McPhie, 46, was vice president for finance at Altus Intervention in Aberdeen. She admitted embezzlement and was jailed for three years and four months. She was ordered to pay back £587,434 through her "realisable assets"
Aker Solutions said about 650 positions, mainly in the UK, Norway and India, may be affected. Aker employs about 15,000 people, of which more than 2,000 are in UK. A more specific breakdown for Aberdeen and London jobs has not been announced.
HMRC has launched a consultation on extending its powers to collect extra data from firms and individuals. No specific firms have been named, but sellers on internet marketplaces such as Gumtree, Airbnb and eBay could be among those targeted. HMRC said data played a key role in enabling it to detect those not paying tax.
Whitney's had a look at some of the biggest hauls in the world of treasure-hunting. Some of the world's biggest treasures have been found in the South African rainforests, while others have been discovered in the middle of the night in the rainforest.
'PPAP' (short for Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen) was performed by animal print-clad DJ Piko-Taro, a fictional character played by Japanese entertainer Kazuhiko Kosaka. The minute-long song has gone on to amass more than 4m views on YouTube. It has also gained a cult following on Facebook.
Lily Partridge, 22, collapsed at the side of the pitch in North Tawton, Devon. Team captain Katie Lunnon said she saw Miss Partridge walk off the pitch and complain of a headache - but nobody saw the clash with an opponent. She said the player then collapsed, and was given CPR when she stopped breathing. An inquest recorded her death was the result of an accident.
Leicester City held to a goalless draw by Southampton at the King Power Stadium. Charlie Austin had two headers and hit the post with a shot. Jamie Vardy had Leicester's best chance but was tackled by Oriol Romeu. Foxes have now won only two of their opening seven league games.
Subway Art by Martha Cooper & Henry Chalfant is published by Thames & Hudson. The book was to define the era, and arguably ensure the genre lived on. The art itself is now part of the mainstream, no longer reserved for city walls but a regular part of a designer's armoury.
Riot police were called to the ground in Vilnius, Lithuania, to stop fans from fighting. Some fans had bought tickets for the match, which was won 3-0 by England. The English FA said they would deal with those involved in the violence. The match was the first of 10 to be played in qualifying for the European Championships.
Newport Gwent Dragons have a contract to use the ground until 2023. The club won promotion to the Football League in 2013. The WRU will hold a vote on whether to extend the contract in May. Newport are two points clear at the top of League Two with two games left.
The 1999 Open winner has dropped to 424th on the world rankings from a high of 26. Lawrie explained that he has a bone spur and cist on his foot. The Scot will be at Castle Stuart this week for the Scottish Open, which acts as a dress rehearsal for the Open at Troon.
Oliver Whiting, 37, of Eastbourne, took the photos from social media accounts. He posted the images on adult websites, where he invited other users to join him in posting lewd comments. Whiting was ordered to attend a sex offenders' treatment programme and banned from using social media.
John Ford film conserved in US National Film Registry for "cultural, historical, or aesthetic" significance. But brawling and boozing feature prominently in the 1952 film, which was shot in County Mayo and County Galway. Official warned "the theme is not likely to be well received here"
Dale Hart, 54, and Michael Smart, 37, both of Pencoed, pleaded guilty. Christopher Bennett, 61, of Port Talbot, also pleaded guilty to the production of cannabis. Police found 692 plants worth around £800,000 at Queens Court, Bridgend Industrial Estate, during a raid last November.
Joe Acquaro was shot dead in Melbourne in the early hours of Tuesday. Investigators believe underworld bosses may have put a price on his head. The lawyer was well-known in the city's Italian community and his body was found outside a cafe he owned. A vicious gangland feud that claimed at least 28 lives in Melbourne ended more than a decade ago.
A series of abusive Twitter remarks were posted on an account on Tuesday. One comment on the single account said Flower's "last days are approaching" Other messages said that Flower "deserves to be shot", adding that he is a "dead man" Flower received a six-month ban for hitting St Helens stand-off Lance Hohaia.
Australia intercepts all irregular boat migrants and holds them in camps in Nauru and Papua New Guinea. Nearly 450 staff at Mr Turnbull's former university have also expressed concern about claims of torture by government employees and contractors. Mr Turnbull has defended the rules, a central policy of former Prime Minister Tony Abbott, by saying they are tough but save lives.
Pensioner stopped by police on 70mph road near Crawley, West Sussex. Officers were alerted by a motorist who had seen the man heading away from M23. PC Katie Breeds: "He didn't know where he was. We sat him in the back of our police car"
The Italian inaugurated the facility in the war-torn country's capital Juba. He also attended the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualifier between South Sudan and Benin, which the away side won 2-1. South Sudan played their first official friendly, against Uganda, in July 2012. Infantino won last month's Fifa elections to succeed Sepp Blatter.
Logan has agreed a new three-year contract at Pittodrie. Manchester-born full-back had been linked with a move back to England. McInnes paid tribute to Logan for the way he has handled his family situation. The 29-year-old joined the Scottish Premiership club from Brentford in May 2014.
The Welsh national field of remembrance at Cardiff Castle features 10,000 wooden crosses remembering the fallen. Each one carries a message to someone who has died while serving their country since World War One. First Minister Carwyn Jones was among those at the service. At 11:00 GMT there was a two minute silence.
Writer-turned-director has been criticised for his portrayal of female characters. Whedon said he needed to go to a "quiet place" to focus on writing. He denied the accusation that he quit Twitter because of specific criticism from Feminist Frequency. Some of Whedon's fans have now turned on the naysayers, subjecting some to harassment and abuse.
The XO is a rugged computer designed to boost education in developing nations. The cash comes from chip maker Marvell which became a supporter and sponsor of OLPC in early 2009. OLPC said it would show off the first development work at the CES show in January 2011.
Ruling will allow users and expert analysts to carry out repairs. But changes such as extracting and selling code would still breach copyright. Vehicle manufacturers opposed the move, saying repair garages could fix any issues. Follows claims the right to modify software could have prevented the Volkswagen emissions scandal.
Bohn was taken by ambulance to Palm Beach Gardens Medical Center. "Jason is resting comfortably and in good spirits," a PGA Tour statement said. Bohn carded 72 in the second round, which would have seen him make the cut. Spain's Sergio Garcia and Australia's Adam Scott share a commanding four-shot lead.
Australia will play New Zealand or West Indies in the final in Kolkata on Sunday. England, meanwhile, miss out on the final for the first time since 2010. England collapsed from 59-0 to 109-9 against West Indies and from 42-1 to 92-8 against India.
The price of West Texas crude sank to $37.65 (Â£24.99) a barrel, a drop of 5.8%. Brent Crude fell 5.3% to $40.73 a barrel. The slumping price comes as OPEC - a group of the largest oil producing nations- refused to cut production.
The building, opposite the High Court, houses the Belfast office of law firm Pinsent Masons. It was developed by the property company William Ewart, which has been selling assets as part of an agreement with the Cerberus investment fund. Land Registry filings show the building has been bought by a London-registered firm, CL 10 Ltd.
The leaders will discuss the long-term strategic implications of the Ukraine crisis. Merkel is not only crucial to meaningful European action, she is the only Western leader with real potential to influence Mr Putin. This is the first formal meeting between the two leaders since the revelations that the National Security Agency was monitoring her mobile phone.
Australian finished on 15 under par, with American Kevin Chappell his closest rival on 11 under. Justin Thomas bettered his third-round 75 by 10 shots on Sunday to finish on 10 under in a tie for third. Northern Ireland's Graeme McDowell and Rory McIlroy finished at eight and seven under respectively.
Malakal is a city in South Sudan, which has been wracked by civil war. The airport at the town has been inaccessible because of the fighting. 45,000 former residents of Malakal now live in a UN camp, just to the north-east. The city has changed hands 12 times during the civil war, and is now empty.
She was blinded and terribly scarred but found the strength to fight for custody of her son. She became a vocal campaigner for the victims of acid attacks and gave them the voice others had tried to deny them.Our 100 Women season showcases two weeks of inspirational stories about the BBC 100 Women and others who defy stereotypes.
Kenneth and Rita Boughey were found dead at their home in Ballycastle. Post mortem examinations ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning as a cause of death. Police are treating the deaths as unexplained as they await toxicology results. The pensioners may have been dead for a number of weeks before their bodies were discovered.
There was no change of tone, no acknowledgement of any fresh message the voters had sent Mrs May, bar a passing reference to opportunity and fairness that echoed her speech on the same spot 11 months ago. It seems odd to me she didn't spend more of the election campaign talking about helping those who are "just managing"
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will confirm the plans when she addresses the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) congress in Glasgow on Monday. She will tell delegates that discussions will begin over the summer with the aim of putting health staffing on a statutory basis. The RCN welcomed the promise but said it would only work if backed up with funding for extra staff.
Ukrainian officials and many in the media err to the other extreme. They claim that Ukrainian politics are completely fascist-free. This is demonstrably false. Far-right parties failed to pass a 5% barrier to enter parliament. The question of the presence of the far-right in Ukraine remains a highly sensitive issue.
Greece is seeking to avoid default on a €1.5bn debt repayment to the IMF. The European Union and the IMF are trying to reach an agreement. The EU and IMF want Greece to make cuts to its public sector pension system. The Greek government says it is ready to make the cuts.
Parents took Ashya, 5, to Prague for proton beam therapy last year. It was later revealed Ashya did not receive subsequent chemotherapy in Prague. Team in Southampton say move could jeopardise his recovery. Ashya: The Untold Story is to be broadcast on BBC1 on Friday at 19:30 BST.
The RSPCA said the order could create a "negative view of dog ownership" Wrexham council said it recognised that dogs must have space to exercise. The council currently has three dog control orders and wants to replace them with a new Public Spaces and Protection Order (PSPO)
The incident happened at about 22:15 BST on Wednesday. The woman driver of the minibus was taken to Bangor's Ysbyty Gwynedd. North Wales Police said the road was reopened in the early hours of Thursday morning. The incident is being treated as an accident by police.
Former Pompey shot stopper Carson brilliantly prevented Michael Smith's powerful header and Michael Doyle's 20-yard pile driver. He then blocked a Conor Chaplin header in stoppage time as the hosts missed out on the opportunity to put more pressure on the top three. Hartlepool had shipped 11 in their last three matches in all competitions and not scored in seven fixtures against Pompey.
The turtle is being treated at the New Era Veterinary Hospital in London. It was found on the stretch of land between the River Thames and the River Avon. The hospital is treating the turtle with antibiotics and fluids to raise its temperature. It is expected to make a full recovery.
Hundreds of boys collect coins thrown into the river by visitors and devotees. They use heavy magnetic rings tied with colourful plastic ropes. Rohit is at work every day from 5am to 5pm, missing school for a month. His father, Shatrughan Singh, is a day labourer who earns a similar amount.
England, Wales and Northern Ireland have one of the highest drink-driving limits in Europe. Bill proposes amending the 1988 Road Traffic Act to lower limit from 80mg/100ml to 50mg. Alcohol Health Alliance says the move would save lives and improve road safety. Government says current limit strikes balance between safety and personal freedom.
Bodies of Sian Blake, 43, and her sons, Zachary and Amon, were found on Tuesday. Ms Blake and the couple's sons had not been seen since 13 December. The case is now being treated as a triple murder inquiry. The IPCC has promised it will conduct "a thorough investigation"
Pearson recently returned from a spell with Atletico Kolkata. The 34-year-old won the Indian Super League with the Indian side. Pearson says Indian football still cannot compete with the money being splashed by clubs in China. The Motherwell man is hoping to help the club finish as high up the Premiership as possible.
Doctors realised Maia Collingswood needed the transplant after her father revealed he also had the procedure in 1997. Maia, from Barmouth, Gwynedd, had the transplant at London's Great Ormond Street Hospital in August. She has now been welcomed back to her school, Ysgol y Traeth.
The 37-year-old American has been hired as a linebacker coach for the Cardinals. She was the first female to play in a non-kicking position in a men's professional league. Arians said it didn't matter if a coach was "the Green Hornet" as long as players felt they could help them improve.
Wales voted to leave the European Union in a referendum on June 23, 2016. The result means the UK will leave the EU's single market and customs union. The UK is expected to start leaving the EU on March 1, 2017. The vote is likely to be followed by a general election in 2017.
He made the claim at a rally. His team admitted it was incorrect, only for Mr Trump to repeat it at another rally. The money was paid at the same time US hostages were freed, but the president said it was a payment linked to the landmark Iranian nuclear agreement.
The 18-year-old suspect has been arrested. The motive for the attack was not immediately clear. Eyewitnesses spoke of a masked man chasing terrified shoppers. One woman was cut badly with the chainsaw and hit her with a hammer. She died in a local hospital.
MLA Jonathan Bell said he was told he could not challenge the scheme because two DUP special advisers had "extensive interests in the poultry industry" The DUP said the claims were "outrageous" But on Tuesday, Mr Robinson told the Press Association his father-in-law applied to the scheme in August 2015.
Anne Hidalgo said the people of Paris had been "insulted" Fox News has since apologised for making "regrettable errors" on air regarding the Muslim population. The network claimed there were "no-go areas" in the French capital where police and non-Muslims refused to go. Fox News executive vice president Michael Clemente said: "We find the mayor's comments regarding a lawsuit misplaced"
MPC members voted 8-1 to keep rates on hold - the first time for months the decision has not been unanimous - with Ian McCafferty voting for an increase. The Bank said a collapsing stock market in China and continuing talks over Greece's debts mean the outlook for global growth was muted.
England face West Indies in second ODI in St Kitts on Friday. Ben Stokes is playing in his first series since he was bought for £1.7m. The 25-year-old was banned for punching a dressing room locker in Barbados. England have won nine of their past 10 ODIs against West Indies.
Labour's leadership is campaigning to stay in the EU and says Labour votes will be crucial in the referendum. Senior party figures are attempting to mobilise Labour voters to back the Remain campaign. London Mayor Sadiq Khan says Labour has a "monumental responsibility" to ensure it mobilises supporters to vote in favour of EU membership.
The university's digital technology and engineering department will move to the site if permission is granted. It was awarded Â£8m funding from the government last year. The technology park will have places for 500 undergraduate and postgraduate students per year. Arun District Council said the plans also included student accommodation, car parking and an access road.
A penalty try and scores from Alex Goode and Chris Wyles gave Sarries a 24-3 lead at half-time. Maro Itoje crossed, shortly before Richard Wigglesworth touched down. Arthur Aziza went over for Oyonnax but Schalk Brits was awarded a late effort to complete the rout.
Bruce Dewey, 36, was spotted by Sussex Police as he drove his Honda Legend in Tarring Road in Chichester in February. He was known to only have a provisional driving licence and so was followed. Dewey was brought to a stop on the A27 in Sompting on 22 February damaging two more police cars.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there.
The list, topped by Scottish first minister Nicola Sturgeon identifies women who have had an "exceptionally large impact" Caitlyn Jenner, formerly known as Bruce, is at number seven on the list. The list was counted down during a special Woman's Hour show from the BBC Radio Theatre, hosted by Jane Garvey and Jenni Murray.
Frasers Hospitality is one of the world's biggest providers of high-end serviced apartments. Its 148 properties span about 80 capital cities, as well as financial hubs across Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Africa. Now, Mr Choe, 57, faces new challenges - the travel tastes of millennials and the disruptive nature of Airbnb.
Scott Carson was at full stretch to tip a header from Brentford's John Egan behind. Tom Ince saw his free-kick turned over by visiting keeper Daniel Bentley. The visitors almost scored when Scott Hogan rounded Carson, but he could only find the side netting. Johnny Russell and Ince had the Rams' best second-half chances.
Adam Ashe, Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have all committed to Warriors until 2019. Mark Bennett, Alex Dunbar, Tommy Seymour and Josh Strauss are out of contract this summer. Dave Rennie will replace Gregor Townsend as Glasgow head coach this summer when the latter becomes Scotland head coach.
She announced the arrival of Albert Louie Kenny on Instagram. She said he was born late on Wednesday, a week over his due date. The 25-year-old retained the team pursuit and women's omnium titles in Rio. Jason has seven Olympic track sprint medals to his name - including six golds.
The canoe was found on the M1 between junctions 30 and 29a in Derbyshire. It is thought to have fallen off a car roof and has since been reunited with its owner. There were no accidents and it was moved by 09:00 GMT having been there for 30 minutes.
The 26-year-old defender joins team-mates Michail Antonio, Dimitri Payet, Adrian, and Cheikhou Kouyate in committing his future to the club. The former Ipswich Town full-back has made 89 appearances for the Hammers, scoring four goals.
Manchester City are bottom of their Champions League group. Sergio Aguero has scored 12 goals in the competition so far. City have not kept a clean sheet in their last nine home games. Manuel Pellegrini's side face Roma and Bayern Munich in the last 16.
Yorkshire, Lancashire and Derbyshire worst affected, after 2-5cm fell overnight. 10cm reported on higher ground, avalanche risk in Peak District 'extremely high' Leeds Bradford Airport suspended all morning flights but has since reopened. More than 100 schools closed across East Lancashir and Oldham.
Lead archaeologist Jay Carver says the find "solves a 660-year-old mystery" "This discovery is a hugely important step forward in documenting and understanding Europe's most devastating pandemic," he says. The remains may be part of a massive emergency burial pit where thousands of plague victims were left.
George Allen, 37, and his five-year-old son, Geordie, are critically ill in hospital. The vice-principal of the school resuscitated Mr Allen using a defibrillator. Mr Allen is being treated in the Ulster Hospital in Dundonald.
Delta flies direct to a number of African cities and was subjected to an online petition to ban such shipments. American Airlines and United fly to fewer sub-Saharan cities than Delta. United said in a tweet its decision to stop carrying trophies was "effective immediately" United spokesman Charles Hobart said: "We felt it made sense to do so"
"London is a unique opportunity," Nigel Wood told BBC London 94.9. "It's not any one person's problem. It's our problem" Wood says the RFL are committed to continuing to help the Broncos in their development. "We will try and work with all of the key decision-makers," Wood said.
Slovakia is launching a legal challenge to mandatory quotas that were passed in a majority vote on Tuesday. Hungary's prime minister has proposed a radical budgetary revamp to raise funds. UK has opted against taking part in the relocation scheme and has its own plan to resettle migrants directly from Syrian refugee camps.
West Midlands police were put on high alert because of the hoax. The officer and two other men are being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice. Police said they were given "false and malicious information" suggesting an officer was to "be kidnapped as part of a terrorist plot"
One person in custody on suspicion of driving while intoxicated, police say. Eyewitness says the driver of the pick-up truck seemed unaware of what he had done. 21 people were taken to hospital, five in serious condition, with another seven also injured. A police officer was among the injured, he said.
The comedian used insulting language on the Channel 5 dating show. Gleneagles Guesthouse tweeted an offer of a free night in its "premier suite" O'Grady was reported to have called Southend a "shit hole" on discovering a couple had won a date in the town.
Anthony Fletcher is the chief executive of Graze, a UK-based snack company. The company sells more than 400 different snacks, ranging from flapjacks to beef jerky. It constantly analyses the 15,000 customer ratings it says it receives every hour to tweak and develop new products.
Non-farm payrolls report is an official measure of how many jobs the US economy has added (or lost) in the previous month. In Obama's first such report after entering the White House, the economy had just shed 800,000 jobs in one month. By early 2010 the monthly tally shows the US was adding jobs again and has done so ever since.
Former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill. He said prolonging the life of Nelson Mandela had been an "affront" to his dignity. The Church of England has called for an inquiry into the issue. The Assisted Dying Bill is due for debate in the House of Lords on Friday.
Monarch's flights to Sharm el-Sheikh are still suspended. Chief executive Andrew Swaffield said bookings had dropped off in the immediate aftermath. Monarch expects annual profits to exceed £40m after cost cuts helped to achieve a turnaround. The airline made a loss of £94m in the previous year.
Dean Melnyk, 20, of Lockerbie, was found guilty by a jury of murdering Kevin MacKay. Co-accused Andrew Brown, 23, of Ecclefechan, had previously admitted the attack. Judge Lord Armstrong deferred sentence until June when he will determine how long they have to serve before being eligible to apply for parole.
Tesla reported a first quarter loss of $282m (Â£195m) up from $154m last year. The company confirmed it was on track to deliver 80,000 to 90,000 electric vehicles this year. Tesla said it had seen demand rise across all its models, especially its Model 3.
Gabor's first marriage in 1937 was to Turkish politician Burhan Asaf Belge. She later claimed to have had an affair with then president of Turkey, Kemal Ataturk. Next was actor George Sanders, followed by investment banker Herbert Hutner, Barbie doll designer Jack Ryan and her divorce lawyer Michael O'Mara.
Luke Arscott spent four seasons at Bristol between 2006-2010. The 31-year-old made only seven league appearances for Bath after joining from Exeter in June 2014. He has featured in nine games for the club this term. Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson: "He's an assured presence in the full back role"
British Bulldog, also known as "tag" or "you're it", has been banned from school. One teacher said it was because of the number of broken bones it generates. Schools in Wiltshire, Cumbria and Clackmannanshire also banned conkers over fears they could trigger anaphylactic reactions.
PwC's Northern Ireland economic outlook said this was despite overall unemployment having fallen by more than 10,000 since June 2014. It said poor productivity remains the single biggest challenge to Northern Ireland's sustained recovery. PwC said the recent budget confirmed that welfare reform and austerity will continue and that Northern Ireland probably faces a further four years of challenging economic circumstances.
The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPPC) was set up in 2004. Critics say it has not done enough to investigate allegations of police wrongdoing. Family members of those who have died at the hands of the police have often been let down. The IPCC says it is trying to improve the way it deals with families.
Shooting broke out in the canteen at the Kronospan wood processing plant. The 42-year-old gunman had worked at the factory for 10 years. Five of the injured are reported to be in a serious condition. Switzerland has one of the highest rates of gun ownership in the world.
The Waking the Dragon tower was granted permission by Wrexham council back in February 2011. Businessman Simon Wingett is trying to raise £2.5m to build the bronze sculpture, cultural centre and gardens at Chirk Park. Councillors are expected to grant the extension at a meeting on Tuesday.
Nottingham will drop into Division Two after losing to Middlesex. Ex-England coach Peter Moores will take over first-team duties. Nottinghamshire have only won once in the Championship this season. Click here for all the latest Nottinghamshire news. Back to the page you came from.
The woman told Sheffield Crown Court she was just 12 when she was abused. She said she was picked up from a children's home and abused by Basharat Hussain. She also said she had been taken to Blackpool and raped by several men. Mr Hussain, who denies the claims, is one of seven people on trial over alleged child abuse in Rotherham.
The Pope was celebrating a Christmas eve Mass in St Peter's Basilica in front of about 10,000 people. He called on believers to show the same simplicity as the child Jesus, "born into poverty in a manger despite his divinity" He called for more sobriety in a world obsessed by "consumerism and hedonism, wealth and extravagance"
Economics scholar Mr Tohti is being tried in Urumqi, the capital of Xinjiang. He has been detained since January, after he condemned the government's response to a suicide car attack in Tiananmen Square. Uighur activists say increasingly repressive Chinese rule is stoking tensions and fuelling violence.
He was trying out a 45m (150ft) high zip wire at Victoria Park. The wire then lost momentum, leaving him suspended "like an odd Christmas decoration" above a crowd of people. Prime Minister David Cameron said London was "lucky to have" Boris Johnson as mayor.
Fulham host Reading at Craven Cottage (kick-off 7.45pm) Royals are five points off the play-off places after back-to-back defeats to QPR and QPR. Fulham are fifth in the Premier League, five points behind the Royals.
A new date for the match has yet to be confirmed by Uefa. The accident meant the motorway was closed, making travel to Mourneview Park impossible for the team and fans travelling from Belfast. Northern Ireland have three points from their first two Group Six qualifiers.
Despite taking an early lead the Teessiders were 3-2 down at half-time. England defender Ben Gibson was culpable for the first two goals. Boro in 19th place after 30 games, seven points behind Hull, who are one place above the relegation zone.
Two armed groups clash near the mountainous community of Las Varas. The identities of the victims and details of how the shootout unfolded were not immediately clear. It is the latest in a series of deadly clashes between rival drug gangs and also with the police across Mexico. May was the deadliest month in Mexico since 1997, with 2,186 homicides.
Halewood Academy in Knowsley, Merseyside, is planning to shut its sixth form. The governing body voted last month to close the sixth form, pending a consultation. Parents have set up a protest page on Facebook, with comments about how difficult it is to get a clear answer from anyone about what is going on.
Other inductees include The Princess Bride, The Breakfast Club, Who Framed Roger Rabbit and Alfred Hitchcock's 1963 thriller The Birds. Other films to be added this year include Lost Horizon, Funny Girl, East of Eden and 20,000 Leagues Under The Sea. Each year the library chooses films for preservation which are "culturally, historically or aesthetically significant"
Worshippers had gathered for the ordination of a bishop. Eyewitnesses said they had seen more than 100 bodies at the local morgue. Akwa Ibom state governor Udom Emmanuel, who survived the disaster, said there would be an investigation into whether safety standards had been compromised.
Moeen, 27, took 19 wickets in five Tests against India in 2014. Worcestershire's off-spinner has become key to England's attack. He was flown out to Grenada for the victory over West Indies in the second Test. England begin their final Test of their tour of West Indies on 1 May.
Benjamin Herman, 80, of Hook, Hampshire, denies four counts of sex abuse. He is a former equerry to the Duke of Edinburgh. The woman told Blackfriars Crown Court: "I am not fantasising, lying or imagining it" He faces three counts of indecent assault on a girl under the age of 13.
Asghar Stanikzai hit 101, his first one-day century, to help the Afghans hit their highest ever total of 338. Ireland opener Paul Stirling was on 95 with them going well on 173-1 when he was given out to a Rashid Khan ball. Ireland had already been whitewashed 3-0 in a Twenty20 series between the sides.
Fawaz Al-Hasawi says he turned down an offer from Norwich for Assombalonga. The 23-year-old missed much of the 2015-16 season with a serious knee injury. Al Hasawi has said that the £13m received from the sale of Oliver Burke to German club RB Leipzig will be reinvested.
A male teacher and 13-year-old girl suffered minor injuries in the attack. The boy was apprehended at Ledbury station in Herefordshire. He remains in custody at Worcester Police Station. Police said he was found on a train from Hereford to Malvern at 16:55 BST.
Ryan Wallace scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Rovers remain in fifth place, level on points with Airdrieonians. Forfar Athletic drew 1-1 with Forfar at Forfar Park. The Pars are currently fourth in the Scottish Championship.
The Amateur International Boxing Association has said pro boxers will compete in Rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month. Tyson, 49, a former Junior Olympic winner, said: "Some pro fighters are going to get beat by the amateurs. It's just going to happen, I really believe that"
Anzac Day commemorates the first major battle involving Australian and New Zealand forces during World War One. Thousands attended the early morning service at Hyde Park Corner. Up to 400 people took part in a parade before the wreath-laying at the Cenotaph. A service was also held at Westminster Abbey.
The sanctions focus upon suppliers to Iran's missile programme and groups that help to arm what Washington sees as terror organisations in the region. It is hard to see what practical impact these sanctions will have, since few of these organisations or individuals probably do business in the United States. But the sanctions sends a clear warning to Tehran the guard has changed in Washington.
Entries for all candidates in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are down 0.7% on last year to 5,240,796, according to official figures. In England the overall entry for GCSEs in England increased slightly from 4,916,000 in 2015 to 4,929,000 this year.
Campaign for Better Transport and the RMT transport union are concerned services could be cut. Rail minister Claire Perry promised a "world-class rail network" The franchises connect passengers travelling between the key strategic cities of Leeds, Liverpool, Sheffield, Manchester, Newcastle and Carlisle. The winners are due to be announced in October 2015.
Father, his teenage daughter and her two friends taken to Torbay hospital. Coastguard search and rescue teams from Berry Head and Torbay also called. Specialist divers are at the scene and are expected to remove the capsized boat from the entrance to the harbour. The three other people on the speedboat had been rescued by other craft in the area.
Historic Institutional Abuse Inquiry is examining allegations of abuse in state-run children's homes and other institutions in Northern Ireland. Victims of clerical child abuse and former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions are excluded from the remit. The inquiry, chaired by retired judge Sir Anthony Hart, is examining cases from 1922 to 1995.
Net income fell to $3.11bn (Â£2.03bn) compared with a year ago for the personal computer giant. Intel said its latest quarterly numbers were largely in line with expectations and that the results were "solid" The firm also noted the introduction of its "breakthrough 3D XPoint technology, the industry's first new memory category in more than two decades"
David Cameron is heading to Indonesia on the first stop of his tour. He will discuss the threat from Islamist extremism with his counterparts. The UK government estimates about 500 people from Indonesia and about 200 from Malaysia have joined IS in Iraq and Syria. The prime minister is said to be "keen to explore" whether the UK can offer more practical counter-terrorism support.
Airbus will get £2.7m for training facilities at Swansea University and Coleg Cambria in Deeside, Flintshire. The money, from its £74m capital reserves, is the latest part of a £13m loan package to attract new airlines. Welsh government will also set up loan funds for small businesses.
The letter was one of 20 left by mother-of-one Ren Benson. She said she was at the "end of her tether" and needed some support. "Such a small gesture and it can make the world of difference at times," she said. "I thought what a lovely, lovely gesture," she added.
The attacks on Monday and Tuesday took place in the villages of Debiro Hawul and Debiro Bi in Borno state. Residents say the militants drove into the towns and began shooting, looting and burning houses. Some 18,000 people have been killed in Nigeria since the group began a campaign of violence in 2009.
NHS Highland has said the majority of births at Caithness General do not require obstetrics. The hopsital has no facilities for on-site specialist neonatal paediatric support or adult intensive care.Complicated pregnancies are to be handled by "strengthened" services at Raigmore Hospital in Inverness.
The Curriculum for Excellence has been four years in the making. It aims to give teachers more freedom and make lessons less prescriptive. Some teachers, unions and opposition parties have expressed concern the curriculum is not ready. But Scottish ministers have given assurances it will improve standards.
The letter was written by the future Queen Elizabeth II to a friend. It was written before she was married to Prince Philip of Wales in 1947. The letter was sent to the friend's home in London, where it is being kept. The friend has not been identified, but the letter has been published online.
Georgia Harrison speaks to sixth form students at Tonypandy Community College. She wants to know why someone from the Labour stronghold of the Rhondda opted for Plaid Cymru. Ms Wood said being a traditional Labour stronghold has held the area back. She is the first Plaid leader not to come from a Welsh-speaking background.
The study measured nitrogen dioxide (NO2) levels using 40 sensors in and around the airport. It then used modelling to predict what would happen in the future. The Aviation Environment Federation (AEF) said the research was "highly speculative" and there was no guarantee pollution levels would fall.
The final is due to start on Friday in Ghent, 35 miles from Belgian capital Brussels. British team delayed their flight to Belgium from Sunday to Monday because of the security situation. The International Tennis Federation has said it is "greatly concerned" by developments but that preparations for the tie will continue. Sniffer dogs and explosive experts will be patrolling the venue.
Ten passengers on board the bus were reported to have been killed while all four crew members survived. Police and troops cordoned off the scene following the incident just after 19:00 GMT on Saturday. Ghana's Vice President John Dramani Mahama said a thorough investigation would be carried out.
David Sole, 33, of no fixed address, had denied murdering Jonathan Ellison. Sole was found guilty at Lewes Crown Court of beating him to death. Denise Antonia, of Appledore Road, Brighton, cleared of murder but found guilty of assisting an offender. She was jailed for five years.
The 29-year-old is one of the youngest people in Northern Ireland to hold a ministerial portfolio. She has only been an MLA for two years. Ms Sugden graduated from Queen's University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in politics. She previously worked at the Office of the First Minister and Deputy First Minister.
Jordanian Al-Qadi family bought a 92% stake in League Two side Rovers. Rovers are currently sixth in the table, five points outside the automatic promotion places. Manager Clarke says he did not find out about the takeover until the morning the deal was announced.
Matsuri Takahashi, 24, died after working more than 100 hours a week. She left a note saying: "Why do things have to be so hard?" Her death has led to calls for changes to Japan's long working hours. The government is considering a law change to make it harder to work overtime.
Chelsea are only the second reigning Premier League champions to lose the opening game of the following campaign (after Leicester last season) They are also the first title holders to concede three goals in the opening match of the next season. Huddersfield are the only two teams to win their games despite having a lower xG value than their opponent. Harry Kane has not scored in August in 11 Premier League appearances.
Ghana has a lack of a maintenance culture. We can never find any money to paint or do any regular maintenance. But when someone dies we find the money. Once the bridge is about to collapse we shall find themoney. We simply prefer the emergency rates. If you see a house being painted anywhere in Ghana, you can safely assume that someone has died and there is a funeral.
The man collapsed while riding on the A5 near Chirk, Wrexham. He had been raising money for the Douglas Macmillan Hospice in Staffordshire. North Wales Police said officers attended, along with a road and air ambulance. They tried to help members of the public to save the cyclist.
The total purse for the Derby will be £1.625m. John Gosden's Cracksman is the favourite for the race. 1,000-1 outsider Diore Lia will be ridden by apprentice Gina Mangan. The filly has made just two competitive appearances to date.
The Markit/CIPS manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 49.2 from 50.7 in March. It is the first time activity in the sector has fallen since March 2013. Firms blamed soft domestic demand, a fall in new business from overseas and uncertainty ahead of the EU referendum.
A masked gunman opened fire at La Terrasse bar, killing a French national. A Belgian security official working for the EU and three Malians also died. One witness said an attacker shouted "God is Great" in Arabic ("Allahu Akbar"). It is the first attack of its kind in the capital of Bamako.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic will leave Paris St-Germain at the end of the season. The 34-year-old's contract with the French champions expires in the summer. Ibrahimovic is the club's record goalscorer with 152 goals in 178 appearances. Manchester United, Los Angeles Galaxy and AC Milan have been linked with the striker.
Gerrard will return to Liverpool as a youth coach in February. The 36-year-old left Anfield at the end of the 2014-15 season to join LA Galaxy. He is also working towards his Uefa A coaching licence, required to manage in the Premier League.
The 35-year-old has been without a club since  at the end of last season. Morrison scored nine goals in 36 games for Ireland and was part of their squad at the 2002 World Cup. The striker is available to play for Exeter in their League Two game at Accrington on Friday night.
Football was the overall winner in the attendance stakes at 43.4 million. Rugby union attendances, boosted by the Rugby World Cup, climbed to 7.5 million. Formula 1's British Grand Prix was the winner, averaging more than 100,000 per day. Two new individual events entered the top 10 best-attended sporting events.
Jackie Stokes, from Burton-upon-Trent, spent Â£9,500 on implants in Hungary. But an investigation found her treatment plan caused "irreversible damage to otherwise healthy teeth" Dr Zsolt Csillag was given a one-year supervision order by the General Dental Council.
Capt Schettino was convicted of causing the shipwreck and abandoning ship before his passengers. 32 people died when the cruise ship hit rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio in January 2012. He has accepted some responsibility but denies the criminal charges, arguing that he has been made a scapegoat for the tragedy.
Six of the 12 British Olympians who won more than one medal at London 2012 were younger than 26. Laura Trott, 20, and boyfriend Jason Kenny, 24, were both double Olympic champions in the velodrome. Andy Murray, 25,took tennis gold and silver, gymnasts Louis Smith, 23,and Max Whitlock, 19, both picked up two medals, and Rebecca Adlington, 23,.won double bronze in freestyle swimming.
The 23-year-old could be tempted to take up mixed martial arts after competing at Tokyo 2020. Jones could be the first fighter to win three Olympic gold medals in taekwondo. Johns became the first Welshman to win a bout in the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC)
The work, entitled Duality, is formed of diptychs, with each person posed in their own clothing and their workwear. The aim is to see how a viewer responds to the uniform and how it shapes their perception of that person. The images are on show at the No Walls Gallery as part of the Brighton Photo Fringe Festival.
Wells impressed in the T20 Blast last season, scoring 373 runs at 28.69. The 23-year-old said: "It's clear that the club is going in the right direction and it's really exciting" He added: "The environment created by the coaches is of elite performance"
Arriva Trains Wales has been criticised for having too many overcrowded trains. The Wales and Borders franchise is one of the UK's most heavily subsidised. It has seen passenger numbers rise from 18 million in 2003 to 30 million. About 265,000 people use Cardiff Central station weekly.
The Phab2Pro is the first device to use Google's Tango technology. It adds depth-sensing and motion-tracking cameras to the normal front and rear photo lenses. Lenovo also showed off several concept devices at its presentation. These included a smartphone and tablet with flexible screens.
Around 300,000 Russian-speakers, or 13% of Latvia's population, are so-called "non-citizens" They have to prove their knowledge of the Latvian language and culture in a citizenship test - even if they were born here. Some refuse to take the test, saying the country where they have spent all their lives should grant them citizenship automatically.
An amber "be prepared" warning for persistent rain is in place for Gwynedd, Conwy and Denbighshire. The Met Office said up to 15cm (6ins) of rain could fall in north Wales. Environment body Natural Resources Wales said staff were erecting temporary flood barriers.
PMDB leader accused of taking $5m in bribes from a company that won contracts with the state oil company, Petrobras. Mr Cunha was expelled from the Brazilian Congress last month. He led the impeachment process against President Dilma Rousseff, who was dismissed in August.
Turning Points explores the moment when six people's lives change forever. The film is produced and directed by Chris Tally Evans, from Rhayader, Powys. It has been made for London 2012 Festival, a nationwide arts event. The festival is running until 9 September and bringing together leading artists.
Carwyn Jones says he didn't see the letter before it was published on Wednesday. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns hits back: "I'm a bit disappointed in that" Mrs May did indeed mention Wales in the letter. She told Donald Tusk: "We will consult fully on which powers should reside in Westminster"
Up to 300 British troops will be sent to South Sudan to help fight al-Shabab. They will provide training, medical and engineering support to the African nation. The move is seen as a way to reduce the number of migrants coming to the UK from the region.
Eddie Howe had two-and-a-half years left on his previous contract. The new deal is believed to take Howe through until 2020. Howe, 37, has overseen three of the club's six promotions since he was first appointed manager in 2008-09.
Artis Sterkis, 37, collapsed on the Peterhead-registered Starlight Rays. He was taken to hospital by rescue helicopter after the incident in August 2011. James Thores was fined at Elgin Sheriff Court after admitting a health and safety breach. The £20,000 fine was reduced from £30,000 because of the guilty plea.
Clwyd West Tory MP David Jones said he backed proposals for "English votes for English laws" He said many of his constituents used public services in England and many voters there relied on Welsh hospitals. UK government said it was bringing about constitutional reform to serve people living in all parts of the UK.
Arms found in Capanagh Forest near Larne. Police believe the arms belonged to dissident republicans. Threat level in Northern Ireland from dissident republican groups remains "severe" MI5 believe an attack on targets in Great Britain by dissident Republicans is "a strong possibility"
Truck carrying gas explodes in Nnewi, Anambra State. More than 100 people are reported to have been injured in the blast. Police are investigating the cause of the explosion and have not confirmed the death toll. The blast is believed to have happened when the gas was being pumped into the truck.
1453 - Sultan Mehmed II the Magnificent captures Constantinople, ending Byzantine Empire. Ottoman Empire fights in alliance with Germany and Austria-Hungary during First World War. 19th century - Efforts at political and economic modernisation of Empire largely founder.1923 - Grand National Assembly declares Turkey a republic and Kemal Ataturk president.
Wales are third in Group D, four points behind the Republic, who are top. The Welsh beat Moldova 4-0 in their first qualifier, but drew against Austria, Georgia and Serbia. Burnley travel to the Liberty Stadium on Saturday hoping to seal a win.
Simpson is four years into a minimum nine-year to 33-year prison sentence. The 65-year-old was convicted of the robbery of what he said were stolen articles of personal memorabilia. In his long-shot appeal, Simpson argues his defence lawyer was ineffective.
Sammon has negotiated an early release from his contract with the English Championship club. The 29-year-old Irishman is expected to formally sign for the Scottish Premiership club next week. His deal is due to expire on 30 June, but Hearts need to register players for the Europa League 10 days before that.
Kreuziger was withdrawn from this year's Tour de France. The 28-year-old's Tinkoff-Saxo team said he is now free to continue racing. The data in question is from Kreuziger's biological passport in 2011 and 2012.
Joseph Mulhern was abducted and shot by the IRA in 1993. His body was found on a remote hillside on the border between counties Tyrone and Donegal. The 23-year-old's body was dressed in a blue boiler suit and his hands tied with cable. He is believed to have been tortured before he was shot.
Martin Godfrey said he had never supplied Tesco and was surprised to find the picture being used on the firm's website. The supermarket chain acquired the image through an agency. Mr Godfrey owns an organic produce business and campaigns with the Land Workers' Alliance. He said the picture of him pulling carrots was a "marketing blunder"
India has an internet population of 354 million - which has already grown by 17% in the first six months of 2015. Digital India is a government initiative aimed at reinvigorating an $18bn campaign to strengthen India's digital infrastructure. Google offered to provide 500 railway stations with free WiFi and Microsoft pledged to connect 500,000 Indian villages with cheap broadband access.
McLeish will take over from former Tottenham striker Mido, who was sacked two weeks ago. The 57-year-old left Genk last summer after they finished seventh in the Pro League. McLeish has also previously managed Motherwell, Hibernian, Rangers, Birmingham City, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest.
The UN published the report after a year-long investigation. It said the government may have committed crimes against humanity. President Isaias Afewerki has governed the East African nation for 22 years. Eritreans account for the second-largest group of migrants crossing the Mediterranean.
Video shows two men coming to blows in front of a bus in Norwich. The men are seen grappling on the pavement before more punches are thrown. No arrests have been made and a bus driver has been suspended, police say. The incident was caught on camera and posted on social media.
Rees starred as the spirited servant Demelza, who married Cornish tin mine owner Ross Poldark. Up to 15 million viewers tuned into the BBC's Sunday evening costume drama. Before the TV series which made her name, Rees had appeared in the 1972 film Under Milk Wood.
District heating sees large boilers provide heat for entire districts through a network of pipes. System is popular in several other European countries. WWF Scotland, University of Edinburgh, Star Renewable Energy and cross-party MSPs are behind the calls for district heating to be more widely used in Scotland.
The move by Flintshire council is partly aimed at increasing recycling rates to meet Welsh Government targets. From June 2017, all rubbish will need to go into wheelie bins and anything else will not be collected. From September, anyone still leaving rubbish outside bins will face fixed penalty notices. If enforcement action fails, the council may need to reconsider introducing three-weekly bin collections.
Meghan Ambrozevich-Blair, 26, died in a car crash in East Lothian. She was a student at Edinburgh Napier University. Her family paid tribute to her "hard work and good humour" She was part of a team that visited Kerala, India, to help with animal welfare.
Croatian city of Dubrovnik is one of the main locations for Game of Thrones. Its ancient appeal has now been bolstered by that most modern of phenomena - the HBO mini-series. The tiny Italian island of Capri has warned that it could "explode" under the pressure of the trade.
A yellow weather warning is in place for Wales until 21:00 BST on Saturday. The Met Office says winds of up to 60mph could hit parts of the country. Flood alerts are also in place in Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire and Swansea.
There are eight teams taking part, facing each other twice. The top four sides qualify for the play-offs. The competition finishes on 29 May in the same stadium. Four current or former England players will take part in the tournament: Eoin Morgan, Jos Buttler, Sam Billings and Kevin Pietersen.
The Project Loon team has been able to use machine learning to predict weather. It means the firm has far greater control over where its balloons go. Clustering a small number of balloons greatly reduces the cost of the idea. Google’s aim is to provide connectivity to the around four billion people in the world who do not have access to the internet.
Donnington provides logistics support for the Army, handling military equipment and weapons. The local authority said it was putting together a planning application for a one million sq ft (93,000 sq m) development at the site. Telford and Wrekin said the plans were still at a very early stage, and depended on winning investment from MoD.
The Belfast Policing and Community Safety Partnership's 'Drug Dealers Don't Care, Do You?' campaign ran from February to April. In that time, 357 people were arrested and £44,000 in cash was seized. The campaign has been described as a success by the PSNI.
Philip Stevens, five, and two-year-old Izaak were suffocated by their mother Melanie, 37, before she hanged herself. Their bodies were found at home in Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd, in December last year after relatives contacted police. Coroner Dewi Pritchard Jones recorded a verdict of suicide and unlawful killing.
Police were called to a property in Thornhill Road at about 11:00 on Saturday. The death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem examination will be held to establish the cause. Police Scotland said a disturbance had earlier been heard in the block of flats.
Migration Watch says a British exit from the EU would cut net migration from 180,000 to 65,000 a year. James McGrory, from the pro-EU Britain Stronger In Europe campaign, called the report "disingenuous" The UK is set to have a referendum by the end of 2017 on whether or not it should remain a member of the European Union.
Environment Secretary Caroline Spelman made the admission following action by ClientEarth. Judge Mr Justice Mitting said any enforcement action was a matter for the European Commission. He refused to make any declaration, or to order Mrs Spelman to outline plans for cutting pollution levels.ClientEarth chief executive James Thornton said: "The government's plans to tackle air pollution are frankly pathetic"
Syed, 35, is serving a life sentence for the murder of Hae Min Lee in 1999. His defence team is trying to reopen the case based on some of the questions raised in the Serial podcast over whether Syed had received a fair trial. The new hearing, a date for which has yet to be decided, will also hear evidence from a potential alibi.
Small objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation Treasure City. Clues were hidden in paintings at the 20-21 Arts Centre in Scunthorpe. The first one, a replica Viking brooch, was found in a wall in Kingsway Gardens. The second object, a small 18 carat gold lamb, was discovered in Brigg.
Gareth Pugh's body was found in the water at Peterstone Lakes Golf Club, near Newport, in February 2016. Dale Pike, 25, of Glynneath, Neath Port Talbot, "stood and watched" as Mr Pugh dived into the lake with a weighted belt to fish out balls. Pike received 32 months after admitting manslaughter by gross negligence.
Firefighters were called to a home in Marlborough Road at 22:00 GMT. A man was removed from the home by firefighters, but later died in hospital. The cause of the fire is being investigated by Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and Thames Valley Police.
Llorente has scored five goals in his last six games for the Swans. The 32-year-old scored twice against Burnley to take his season tally to 11. Clement believes Llorente's aerial prowess compares to the world's best players. Swansea travel to Hull City in the Premier League on Saturday.
Legislation allows the permanent secretary in the Department of Finance to take control if a budget act has not been passed at least three working days before the end of the financial year. The official can access a sum of money not exceeding 75% of this year's budget and direct how it is spent. The current finance minister has emphasised that the legislation means "monies will continue to flow"
Richard Ratcliffe will celebrate Gabriella's second birthday near the Iranian embassy in London's Hyde Park. His wife Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 37, was arrested on 3 April at an airport in Iran after visiting her family. Under Iranian law only her father or mother can bring the toddler home. More than 757,000 people have signed a petition calling for David Cameron to intervene in the case.
U.S. researchers have created human-pig embryos known as chimeras. They hope the human stem cells will take advantage of the genetic niche in the pig embryo and the resulting foetus will grow a human pancreas. The work is controversial and the National Institutes of Health has imposed a moratorium on funding such experiments.
Video journalist: Tendai Msiyazviriyo.4 February 2017 Last updated at 05:32 GMT. Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter. Follow us on Twitter and Instagram. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Harper Lee's To Kill a Mockingbird was published 50 years ago this summer. It remains the only novel she ever wrote. She has never explained why she stopped writing. Her close friend Thomas Lane Butts, a retired minister in her hometown, says she once told him the reason.
Plaid Cymru accuses Caerphilly council of lacking "Christmas cheer" Council leader Keith Reynolds says it has made cuts to protect key services. Labour group says the decision was taken "reluctantly" but it had to save £12m for 2015-16.
Margarita Louis-Dreyfus, Marseille's billionaire owner, said in April that she would sell the club following poor results and protests from fans. A deal is set to be completed by the end of the year and no fee has yet been disclosed.
Sir Chris Hoy is the first cyclist to have the honour of carrying the British flag at an opening ceremony. The four-time Olympic gold medal winner polled the most number of votes among the 542 members of the British team. The 36-year-old cyclist also carried the Union Flag at the 2008 closing ceremony in Beijing.
Amina Al-Jeffery, 21, was taken to Jeddah in 2012 by her father, Mohammed. Mr Justice Holman said she had been "deprived of her liberty" and her father must facilitate her return. He accepted there was "little or nothing this court could do" to enforce the order. But he said he might face contempt of court proceedings if he returned to Britain without complying.
Yn ystod yr Ail Ryfel Byd fe gafodd y goeden honno - Derwen Josef - ei defnyddio fel lloches gan deulu o Iddewon oedd yn cuddio rhag y Natsïaid. Yn ail i goeden 650 oed yn Wisniowa yng Ngwlad Pwyl. Pan gyhoeddwyd canlyniad y bleidlais Gyhoeddus ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth.
Tory MPs will be able to vote on bills only if they are from England or Wales. The change is designed to give the Scottish Parliament more power. Labour says it is an attempt to create an English-only majority in the Commons. The SNP says the change is a "totally unacceptable" move.
Hong Kong is home to 365,000 ethnic minority people, making up 6% of its total population. Communities of Indians, Pakistanis, Nepalese and Filipinos have lived in Hong Kong for generations. But the city still lacks a curriculum for children speaking Chinese as a second language, which would enable them to learn Cantonese.
This hard-fought-for policy united local political parties, but doubt now hangs over it. Although the legislation is in place, it needs a final green light from government. The Northern Ireland Assembly must pass a rate recommended by the finance minister. And all the while, the main UK rate of corporation tax is falling.
Oxford City Council wants to add an extra 700 spaces to the east of the Seacourt site, which currently has 794 spaces. The council said it considered relocating to a lower flood-risk zone but had not been able to find a suitable alternative.Subject to planning consent, work could start in Spring 2016 with the complex anticipated to be open in the Summer of 2017.
LGBT Network says victims are being held at a detention centre near Argun, Chechnya. Three deaths have been reported and more than 30 people were crammed into one cell. A government spokesman called the reports "lies" and said homosexual people "simply don't exist in the republic"
Rosberg has won the first three races of the season to build a commanding 36-point lead in the championship. Hamilton has finished second, third and seventh in the races so far. Bad starts took him out of the reckoning for victory in the first two races in Australia and Bahrain.
Bloggers with more than 3,000 daily readers must register with mass media regulator. Social networks must maintain six months of data on its users. Information must be stored on servers based in Russian territory. Critics see it as the latest in a series of recent moves to curb internet freedom.
Chinese nationals illegally living in Spain reportedly paid the ring €8,000 ($8,960; £6,820) each to obtain fake contracts as domestic workers. In return they were given residency permits to work in Barcelona. Most of the employers allegedly involved are linked to the hotel trade in Lanzarote.
Calls in Germany for tighter gun laws. German train stabbing: De Maiziere warns of lone attacks.Who were the victims? Cops are still searching for the victims of a train stabbing in Germany. German police are still looking for the suspect in connection with the attack.
Former Forest boss says he would be 'delighted' to return to the club. The 47-year-old was sacked by the club in June. Forest have lost nine of their last 11 games in all competitions. They are currently third from bottom in the Championship.
Ethiopia's Muktar Edris wins gold in the 4x100m relay. Britain's Mo Farah takes silver in his final major track championships. Farah has won 10 golds and two silvers in major championships. Four-time Olympic champion Farah set to focus on marathons after London.
Ivan Cameron, who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy, died in hospital aged six in February 2009. Mrs Cameron told the Times: "Ive dying is such a massive thing that everything else is irrelevant" She also said it changed her husband's outlook. "I think it changed Dave's politics," she said.
The first incident saw a 71-year-old woman from Sandyhills tricked by someone claiming to work for BT. Now a woman in Stranraer has lost money to a caller who said he was contacting her about problems with her internet. He claimed to be from BT technical support and gained remote access to her computer to take the cash.
Fr Reid, 82, secretly acted as a conduit between the republican movement and the SDLP. He was one of the witnesses who confirmed the decommissioning of IRA weapons. In 1988, Fr Reid was pictured praying over the bodies of Army corporals Derek Wood and David Howes who had been dragged from their car, beaten and shot.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at Allianz Arena to reach Champions League semi-finals. Robert Lewandowski scores two goals as Bayern win 7-4 on aggregate. Bayern boss Pep Guardiola says it is 'easy to love my players now' Porto coach Julen Lopetegui says his side had a lot of expectations.
Dairy Producer Organisation (DPO) would involve small family farms across Wales linking up to talk with milk processors as one legal entity. There is currently one DPO in operation in England, and one in Scotland - but they are commonplace throughout Europe, especially in Germany. A report has warned that persuading farmers to join up could be a challenge.
Woman, 37, from London, died at the scene while the younger girl later died of her injuries. A man in his 30s and two girls aged three and five were involved in the accident. The man and the five-year-old girl were discharged from hospital.
Fifa's anti-racism resolution passed with a 99% majority at its congress in Mauritius. Jeffrey Webb, head of Fifa's task force, said the decision was "a defining moment" Former South African apartheid prisoner Tokyo Sexwale urged congress to check cameras to see who voted against racism rules.
Craig Hignett will take charge of Hartlepool for the first time on Saturday. The 46-year-old succeeds Ronnie Moore, who parted company with the club by mutual consent earlier on Wednesday. Pools are one place above the relegation zone having lost three of their past four league matches. Sam Collins, who worked alongside Moore, will remain at the club.
The blaze broke at an address in West Hill Road, St Leonards, just after 17:30 GMT on Thursday. The body of a man, believed to be in his 70s, was found inside the house. Sussex Police said the coroner had been informed. The investigation was in its early stages and appealed for witnesses.
The 51-year-old man was arrested after a complaint was made to police. He has been suspended for the duration of the investigation, the Diocese of Leeds said. No further statement will be made at this time, the diocese said. For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Owens was the oldest of the 12 referees in charge of the World Cup final. The 44-year-old says he plans to continue refereeing until 2019. World Rugby has welcomed Owens' decision to prolong his international career. Owens admits the pressure, scrutiny and physical demands are higher than ever.
Habtom Zerhom was first shot by a security guard at a bus station in Beersheba. He was then kicked and beaten by a crowd as he lay in a pool of blood. A post-mortem examination found he died of bullet wounds - not the beating.
Kaka will replace Bayern Munich's Douglas Costa in the Brazil squad. The 34-year-old has been a regular in coach Dunga's squads. He has won 91 caps and scored 29 goals, but has only played 60 minutes for his country in three years. Benfica's Jonas replaces Santos striker Ricardo Oliveira.
Three-times winners Arsenal will now face Notts County Ladies in the final at Rotherham on 1 November. Spain's Marta Corredera curled the hosts into an early lead. Alex Scott made it 3-0 straight after half-time, before Kirsty Linnett pulled one back.
Dywedodd Ofcom eu bod wedi ailhysbysebu'r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yn Abertawe am nad oedd ymgeisydd yn ystod rownd gyntaf y broses drwyeddedu.
The move is part of Police Scotland's cost-cutting plan to centralise control rooms. If a decision is taken at a board meeting on 22 March it is thought likely that the centre will close quickly afterwards.SPA chairman Andrew Flanagan said he had been consulting widely on the move.
Craig Harvey, 31, is accused of assaulting a doctor at Wishaw General. He is also accused of trying to escape from three other officers. Mr Harvey has pleaded not guilty to all the charges against him. He will stand trial on 27 September at the High Court in Livingston.
Welsh government is considering a ban on fees for private rented properties. The move would be in response to calls for an end to the practice. The fees are paid by those who rent out their homes. They are also paid by the owners of the property, who are often poor.
The General Medical Council has produced the guidance to make surgical and non-surgical procedures, such as facelifts, breast implants, dermal fillers and Botox, safer. It will now consult doctors and the public about the guidance. In 2013, a report by NHS England's medical director highlighted the risks associated with the cosmetic sector.
Arsenal dominated with Gervinho failing to hit the target from a good position. Tomas Rosicky hit the bar after the break but the Championship side scored when Kazim-Richards followed in on Martin Olsson's shot. Theo Walcott was denied late in the game as Arsenal's hopes of ending their eight-year trophy drought were dented.
Researchers from the University of Cambridge studied howler monkeys. They found that the primates either develop big voices, or big testes - but not both. Findings suggest evolutionary trade-offs may be more common than previously thought. Howler monkeys are named for their impressive howling roars - sounds they make to intimidate rivals and impress potential mates.
Ms Rees is the fifth appointment to the role since the 2015 general election. She replaces Jo Stevens, who resigned last month in protest at an instruction that Labour MPs should back the bill to trigger Brexit. Rebecca Long-Bailey becomes shadow business secretary, Sue Hayman takes the environment, food and rural affairs brief.
Marcel Lazar, known online as "Guccifer", pleaded guilty in May on charges of aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer. The 44-year-old inadvertently uncovered Hillary Clinton's private email account in 2013 after hacking the account of her former political adviser, Sidney Blumenthal.
Queen Street station will be open on Saturday for all people using Valley Lines services. People going to Newport, Ebbw Vale, north Wales, London, Bristol, Crewe, Gloucester and Birmingham will use the front of the station. Bus replacement services will be used to take people to Pontyclun, Llanharan and Penarth.
Susan O'Brien QC has said those giving evidence must have experienced abuse no later than 17 December 2014. Any group which wants to express how the inquiry should proceed should make their views known by 31 January next year.Survivors' groups have previously criticised a lack of progress in the work of the Scottish inquiry.
Rajnish Thakur was attacked in his shop in Mumbai's Chembur neighbourhood. Naseeruddin Mansuri, who was a customer in the shop, rushed to defend him. He was hailed a hero on social media but now fears for his life.
Targets to meet growing demand for Welsh-speaking teachers and public sector workers will also be set. Welsh language minister Alun Davies told AMs it would help efforts to reach that goal stay on the right track. Around a third of teachers in Wales could speak Welsh, he said.
Grant Clarke, 43, suffered a devastating brain haemorrhage in May 2012. He was left paralysed down his left side, doubly incontinent and unable to swallow. His partner Binny Moore set up a secret camera next to his bed to monitor his treatment. The Nursing and Midwifery Council suspended staff nurse Vanessa Kennard from practice.
Surrey council said residents' efforts had helped them reach their target of recycling 50% of household waste early. Items that can be taken to the recycle centres include wood, metal, televisions, mobile phones, low-energy light bulbs, fluorescent tubes and clothes. The council hopes to achieve a 70% household waste recycling target by 2014.
"Another terrorist attack in Paris," Mr Trump wrote. "Will have a big effect on presidential election!" The previous day, during a joint press conference with Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni, Mr Trump had quickly labelled the incident a "terrorist attack" Mr Trump may recall that another incident in Paris - the November 2015 mass shooting at the Bataclan theatre - helped solidify his lead in the polls.
Fort Lewis-McChord is home to more than 100,000 personnel, including Sgt Robert Bales. Military newspaper Stars and Stripes labelled the base the "most troubled" base in the US military. An investigation is currently under way into allegations that diagnoses of soldiers suffering from PTSD may have been altered.
James, 29, studied drama and had a number of shows on the students' union radio station before rising to fame. Father Ted co-writer Graham Linehan and broadcaster Dame Jenni Murray are also receiving degrees. James said: "My affair with UEA continues - it really is wonderful and I'm completely honoured to be given this"
Beach Buddies co-ordinates weekly operations around the Isle of Man's coast. The government awarded the grant and said its work had "encouraged more people to use the outdoors" The cash will mean the organisation can "expand on its work" which includes launching an educational programme.
British No 1 Andy Murray beats Donald Young in straight sets. Andy Murray's first match in Scotland for four years. British No 1 Sam Querrey beats US No 20 John Isner in four sets. The best-of-five tie continues with Saturday's doubles and reverse singles.
Trees were part of an area known as 'Doggerland' before it was flooded by the North Sea. Footage was taken by Dawn Spray and Rob Spray on a trip to the area. The forest is thought to date back more than 10,000 years and was part of a much larger area.
Scott Flynn was spotted putting two packages in his mouth at police headquarters in Dundee. The 31-year-old claimed a gang said that he and family members would be "slashed" if he did not cooperate. Flynn admitted charges of theft, vandalism and being concerned in the supply of drugs.
South Wales Police received a call at about 13:30 BST. There were concerns about the safe storage of chemicals. A controlled explosion was carried out by the Royal Logistics Corps bomb disposal unit. Student Alex Jones said there was "some panic" at the start of the incident.
Revenue totalled $23.5bn (Â£15.2bn), up 57% on the previous year. Earnings driven by an influx of gamblers from mainland China. Macau - a former Portuguese colony returned to China in 1999 - is the only Chinese city where gambling is legal.
Ai Weiwei at Cycladic is the artist's first ever exhibition to be displayed in Greece. The exhibition includes an huge collage of 12,030 small pictures taken on his camera phone. The artist is also planning a feature-length documentary about the refugee crisis.
Former civil servant Sir John Chilcot will appear before MPs on 18 October. The report criticised Tony Blair and his government's case for going to war in 2003. Mr Blair has continued to insist the decision to remove Saddam Hussein was justified, although he has acknowledged that the intelligence on which it was based was flawed.
Cafodd Cerys Yemm ei lladd gan Matthew Williams, 34, ym mis Tachwedd 2014 yng ngwesty'r Sirhowy Arms yn Argoed, Sir Caerffili. PC Kelda Griffiths oedd y cyntaf i gyrraedd y llety. Mr Williams "yn ymddangos yn ddynol" a'i fod yn "ddiafolaidd"
The value of a nation's currency is often described as its effective share price - a gauge of how investors see the strength of the economy. The pound started to rise just before the first results came in as traders predicted a win for the Remain side. But as reality sank in and the Leave side pulled away the currency went into freefall.
Commons Public Accounts Committee said whistleblowers had often been subjected to bullying and harassment. Committee called for whistleblowers to be offered legal and counselling help and for "swift sanctions" to be imposed on staff who victimised them. Government said it was acting to ensure people felt free to speak out. Report highlighted the "important" role whistleblowers had played in uncovering details about the Hillsborough disaster.
The annual event is organised by WWF, the global environment campaign. It encourages cities and individuals to switch off non-essential lights for an hour at 20:30 local time. Critics have dismissed the campaign as a gimmick of little or no practical benefit. This year, Russian President Putin is taking part for the first time.
The service was held at the 22-year-old's school in Ohio, before his burial at a nearby cemetery. There was only space for 800 people inside the school's auditorium so most attendees watched the service on monitors in overflow rooms. Bagpipes played as mourners, wearing blue and white ribbons, left the school.
Maguire, 35, lost 10-7 to fellow Scot Alan McManus, his fourth consecutive first-round defeat in Sheffield. The two-time semi-finalist said he had tried everything to "fire myself up" for his 13th successive appearance at the Crucible. He said he was "just not good enough" from the start of the match and felt "flat"
The right-wing AfD party, formed only three years ago, came second in the chancellor's home state of Mecklenburg-West Pomerania, polling 21%. Mrs Merkel has defended her policies but said she needs to "win back trust" The election was seen as a significant test ahead of next year's general election.
The Global Burden of Diseases report was based on smoking habits in 195 countries and territories between 1990 and 2015. It found that nearly one billion people smoked daily in 2015 - one in four men and one in 20 women. Researchers said mortality could rise further as tobacco companies aggressively targeted new markets, especially in the developing world.
Ecclestone says F1 is not putting on a "very good show" in build-up to Bahrain Grand Prix. The 85-year-old F1 supremo blames governing body the FIA for the new qualifying system. He says he would prefer a return to the naturally aspirated V8s in use until 2013.
Tata Steel fined £930,000 and ordered to pay costs of £70,000 at Hull Crown Court. The firm admitted releasing a quantity of benzole, exposing five workers to risk of death from flammable vapours coming off it. Two of the workers involved in the incident were exposed to the chemical.
Sinn FÃ©in, the UUP, Alliance and the SDLP will hold separate meetings with Theresa May in the afternoon. She has already held talks with the DUP this week about a deal to support her minority Conservative government. Labour has confirmed that Owen Smith will be its new shadow secretary of state for Northern Ireland.
Mullah Mansour's appointment prompted splits in the Taliban after its founder Mullah Omar's death. Taliban source said the firing seemed to be spontaneous rather than planned. Mullah Mansour has overseen a series of battlefield victories, including briefly capturing the northern Afghan city of Kunduz - a huge setback for Western-backed Afghan forces.
Paul Pass, 49, was stabbed in his flat in Gloucester last October. Adua and Islam were found guilty of murder at an earlier hearing. Mr Pass was hit over the head with a guitar and stabbed in the leg. They offered Mr Pass free drugs in exchange for using his flat as a base.
Warren Hall, 25, of Ashby de la Zouch, Leicestershire, was found dead. His former partner Sandie Rayne, had suffered "extensive injuries" She was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition. An inquest into his death has opened at Loughborough Coroner's Court.
Police were called to Argyle Street near the Argyll Arcade at about 01:00. A 32-year-old man was found injured and taken to Glasgow's Royal Infirmary. A 19-year -old man has been arrested and detained by police.
Chester and North Wales fans had to travel on official coaches. It is the fourth year the fixture has been marked as a "bubble match" North Wales and Cheshire police forces have said restrictions could be reviewed if there was no trouble at the two games this season. There were no arrests at the match which ended 0-0.
The 27-year-old is the first player to join the club since Thomas Christiansen was appointed head coach last week. The Poland international has previously had spells in his homeland and Germany. He said: "I'm excited to come to England and test myself in the Championship"
Paint was poured onto the front archway of the hall in Clifton Street. In July, the hall was damaged in another paint attack. Police have appealed for information and have asked witnesses to contact them or to provide details on the Crimestoppers line on 0800 555 111.
UK officials said the bill for policing the embassy was "unacceptable" Swedish prosecutors dropped two sex assault claims against Mr Assange. The Wikileaks co-founder sought asylum at London's Ecuadorean embassy in 2012. He still faces the more serious accusation of rape, which he also denies.
Conversations with Arab and Western sources make it clear there is a major unifying goal in these new discussions. All sides are now moving away from rigid positions taken when Syria's uprising erupted more than four years ago. There's talk of a transition that could last up to two years.
Jackson, 22, scored four goals in 36 appearances for Wrexham last season. He is Barnsley's third signing for next season ahead of their League One play-off final at Wembley on Sunday. Caretaker boss Paul Heckingbottom says Jackson will "fit in nicely to the way we play"
Seven members of the Algerian goalball team have not yet turned up in Rio. The team claims to have missed a bus which led to them missing a flight. The IPC says it will check the facts and act accordingly. The US and Israel have been awarded a 10-0 win and three points each for the unplayed matches.
Australia detains any migrants trying to reach its shores by boat, and takes them to offshore processing camps to be eventually resettled elsewhere. The New York Times described the policy as "brutal" on Thursday. Mr Abbott said the image of Syrian three-year-old Alan Kurdi, who died trying to reached Greece by boat with his family, was "very sad"
Tennis court at Anmer House would be moved to improve views from hall. Court would be resurfaced with astroturf, says application. King's Lynn Borough Council will consider the plans at a later date. The Royal couple are known to be fans of tennis and have attended Wimbledon.
Watchdog estimates need for 10,664 school places and 4,930 homes for the 20,000 refugees due to be taken in by 2020. Government said it remained on track with its programme. Local authorities say they are struggling to find suitable housing and enough school places.
The man was kicked in the head and verbally abused by a group of men. He was later treated in hospital for facial injuries. Police have appealed for information about the incident at about 02:30 GMT on Monday. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The European Space Agency has signed a contract with Astrium UK to build the satellite, for a launch in 2017. The deal is worth 300m euros (Â£245m), and the work will be done in Stevenage. SolO will take pictures and measurements from inside the orbit of Mercury, to gain new insights on what drives the star's dynamic behaviour.
Theresa May says she will push for a referendum on Scottish independence. But the SNP says it will wait for the result of a vote by the Scottish Parliament. The Scottish Parliament is expected to vote on the issue next week. The result will determine whether the UK stays in the European Union.
The NI Composite Economic Index (NICEI) showed growth of 0.3% when compared to the first quarter of the year. The growth is being driven by the services and manufacturing industries while construction output is still falling. Meanwhile, the labour market is continuing to improve with the number of people claiming jobseekers allowance down again in September.
Glasgow's Women's 1st VIII won their race last year and the university's club captain and chemistry student Stuart Mitchell says the men are on course to win again in the future. The race is the third oldest race of its kind in the world, just behind Oxford-Cambridge and the Yale-Harvard Regatta in the United States.
Net mortgage lending fell to £2.4bn in the April-to-June quarter, down from £3.5bn a year earlier. Nationwide opened 202,000 new current accounts, a rise of 17% on the same time last year. More than a fifth (22.4%) of all people switching current accounts had moved to Nationwide.
The "black box" of the Su-24 jet was officially opened in Moscow on Friday. Data from the box could help resolve the dispute over the jet's location when it was hit. An analysis is expected to be released next week. The downing of the jet plunged relations between Russia and Turkey into crisis.
The South Africa-born 23-year-old had been playing club cricket in the East Anglian Premier League this season. He could make his first-team debut for the club in their T20 Blast match against Glamorgan on Friday. Kent have not disclosed the length of his contract at the St Lawrence Ground.
Kirsty McGuire, from Dover, Kent, said her son Codie McDowell was left screaming with pain. She said when they looked at the sand they first realised it was bright red and then they saw the barbecue underneath it. Rother council said disposal barbecues were banned from the beach.
Former Labour home secretary Alan Johnson will tell union members that EU membership is "vital" for workers' rights. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, who has expressed Eurosceptic views in the past, recently made his first major speech of the referendum campaign setting out a "socialist" vision for Britain in Europe.
The victim suffered a serious head injury in the attack at an address in Heysham. She was taken to hospital where she remains in a critical but stable condition. A 57-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and is now in a secure unit.
Fifa president has never been shy to air his views during his 17-year stint as president. BBC Sport looks back at some of his most notable comments during his reign. Blatter, 79, also sporting a plaster on his face in the style of US rapper Nelly and claiming to be Fifa's "punching ball"
Two-year-old Lane Thomas Graves was killed by an alligator in June 2016. He had been playing in the sand near the resort's Seven Seas Lagoon. A lighthouse has been installed near to where the attack occurred. Disney said they hoped the monument would spread awareness for the Lane Thomas Foundation, which uses the lighthouse as its logo.
"If I'd been in her shoes, I would have sacked me too," he told the BBC. Gove said his decision to back Leave in the EU referendum had placed a "significant strain" on his relationship with David Cameron. He appeared to suggest he had not given up on a return to front-line politics, saying he hoped to "make a contribution"
Lord Advocate James Wolffe backs Scottish government calls for UK to sign up to new regulations governing EU police agency, Europol. Unless the Home Office opts in, the UK will lose membership by May 2017. The UK must decide whether to opt into the new Europol regulation by the end of December 2016.
Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by the Mumbai court. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. Judge DW Deshpande said the actor would have to be present in the court for the judgement. Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 Hindi-language films.
Homes on the edge of the town of Kingsmere have been left without a phone line. Residents have put up signs warning them of the problem. BT has agreed to share the cost of installing a fibre-optic link in the area. The development is part of a wider plan to turn the area into a new city.
Hamdi Alqudsi, 42, was found guilty of violating Australia's foreign incursion laws for making travel arrangements for a group of would-be jihadists in 2013. He faces a maximum 10 years in jail for seven counts of providing services with the intention of supporting hostile acts. He broke down in tears while giving evidence, saying he now realises he was breaking the law.
The doctors' union said patient care was undermined when GPs were forced to see as many as 60 patients a day. It called for more funding to allow GPs to spend at least 15 minutes with each patient. NHS England said consultation lengths were up to doctors and there were no national limits suggesting 10 minutes.
Scotland saw a 50% rise in new distilleries over the past year, from 12 in 2015 to 18 in 2016. Accountancy group UHY Hacker Young claimed new "boutique" distillers were pushing big brands off the shelf. It said: "The quality of the product is streets ahead of their big brand competitors"
Wales Governance Centre warns of 'large negative impact' on Welsh budget. It says there is a'very significant difference' between revenues per head in Wales and the UK as a whole. Control of property and landfill taxes passes to Wales in April 2018, with prospect of power over income tax rates to follow.
A total of 304 people, mostly school students, were killed when the ship - which was overloaded and illegally redesigned - sank off Jindo island. Relatives say the ship must be raised and their remains found. President Park Guen-hye said she would take "the necessary steps to salvage the ship at the earliest possible date"
Richard Davies, 41, died of a single gunshot wound to the chest in October 2015. His widow Samantha said she had a text from her child saying they were tied up and begging her to "call the police" Mr Davies was shot after firing a gun from the house, the inquest heard.
Hatton made eight birdies and three bogeys in his five-under-par 67, while Fitzpatrick carded a level-par 72. They are tied with Australia's Marc Leishman (71) at Bay Hill, three shots behind American leaders Charlie Hoffman ( 71) and Kevin Kisner (68) Rory McIlroy moved up to a tie for eighth after a seven-under 65.
London Luton Airport Ltd in talks with planners about increasing passenger numbers. Hertfordshire County Council says it is'stunned' by new proposal. Airport already has plans to increase footfall to 18 million passengers a year. New application is set to be submitted in 2013.
Local Government Association said councils have to balance spending on parks against other priorities. Report by the Commons Communities and Local Government (CLG) Committee argued housing demand was also putting parks at risk. The UK has about 27,000 public parks attracting 2.6 billion visits a year.
The Indian PM is among the five most followed politicians on Twitter with 12.5 million followers. Mr Modi has forged "good personal relations" with world leaders through Twitter diplomacy. The jury is out on the impact of Mr Modi's global Twitter outreach, but most pundits agree that he has made a mark on "social media diplomacy"
The Microscope and its Revelations, by Dr William B Carpenter, was borrowed by former pupil Professor Arthur Boycott. It was discovered by his granddaughter Alice Gillett. The school has promised to waive any fines - which based on the rate at Hereford Library of 17p a day would have amounted to Â£7,446.
Clucas joined Hull from Chesterfield in July 2015 for a reported £1.3m. The 25-year-old scored six goals in 52 appearances in all competitions last season. Clucas played for the first time in the Premier League last Saturday as Hull beat Leicester City 2-1.
Valentina Milluzzo was admitted to Cannizzaro hospital in the Sicilian city of Catania. Her lawyer alleges the doctor refused to abort the foetuses in order to save the mother. The hospital involved has categorically rejected the family's claims. The woman's burial has been postponed while further investigations are carried out.
The group claim they are owed $40,000 (Â£23,500) by the Illinois-based outfit WorldWide Fan Clubs. The company had been charged with managing subscriptions and fan records for Duran Duran, with 75% of profits going to the musicians. Its owners declined to comment when contacted by the Associated Press.
Kyrgios won the Japan Open on Sunday and is closing in on the top 10. The Australian, 21, beat world number 29 Querrey 6-4 6- 4 in 53 minutes. Kyrgios was fined $1,500 (£984) for a foul-mouthed outburst last year.
Andrew Armstrong, 33, pleaded guilty to one count of rape at an earlier hearing. The victim reported the rape to police in 2002 but the CPS decided no action should be taken. A fresh investigation was launched in 2013 when the victim reported it again. Police said the woman had "suffered for years" and been ostracised by family.
Forth Ports said the surface upgrade would increase the terminal's total capacity to 12,000 containers. The work is expected to be completed in October. A feasibility study has also been launched on deepening the port's shipping channel to enable it to handle larger, heavier container ships and bulk vessels.
The alium was introduced as a garden plant but is now rampant in woods and hedgerows. Its leaves appear in the autumn which means the department can use contact weed killer to tackle the problem without harming the bluebell bulbs. Plant expert Jane Gilmour from the Biological Records Centre is advising gardeners to get rid of it.
MOTV is a paid-for video on demand app about hunting, shooting and fishing. It was launched this week in the UK, but immediately attracted criticism for carrying video of hunters with dead lions and other animals. It is a small part of his huge Colorado-based sporting empire, Kroenke Sports & Entertainment.
Shaun Coles, 24, of Church Street, Louth, admitted a charge of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13. The messages between the two were uncovered by the girl's mother after she went missing. Coles was jailed for a total of 30 months at Lincoln Crown Court.
The woman, in her 70s, was attacked in Sneem, County Kerry, on 20 September. The man was detained by officers in Killarney on Saturday morning. He is being questioned at Killarneys Garda (police) station, it has been reported.
Nick Warren, 57, got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black Labrador. He was rescued by lifeboat crews but died at Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Hospital, Margate, later. His former wife, Heather, said he was her "best friend" and his death would be a "big loss"
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was attacked at his Truro home by David Phillips, 49. Phillips admitted assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent and was given a life term in 2015. Mr Justice Wyn Williams ruled that Phillips, who carried out the attack in a case of mistaken identity, had wrongly been condemned.
McCall left his role with Scotland after more than three years to take over as manager of Bradford City. It is a second spell as part of the of the coaching set-up for the former Birmingham City, Hibernian, Motherwell and Rangers coach, having worked under Alex McLeish during the Euro 2008 qualifying campaign.
The first group of refugees will arrive in Belfast in mid-December. The rest will be resettled across the UK over the next five years. It is the first time Northern Ireland has participated in a refugee resettlement scheme. The scheme does not extend to those who seek asylum in Europe.
Rita Wharton died when her car was hit after Anita Corless tried to overtake traffic near Welshpool, Powys. Corless, 58, admitted causing death by dangerous driving and was given a 16-month prison sentence at Mold Crown Court. The driving instructor said she had no memory of the fatal manoeuvre.
Pauwels' team-mate Omar Fraile finished second and Britain's Tao Geoghegan-Hart, riding for Team Sky, was fifth. Nacer Bouhanni, Saturday's stage winner, was taken to hospital after being knocked unconscious in a crash. The Team Dimension Data rider, 33, timed his push perfectly on the final climbs.
Charity says not every young person is aware of what constitutes a criminal act. Just over half (51%) of transgender young people said they felt safe using public transport. The charity has recommended that campaigns, activities and lesson plans be developed for use in schools with specific reference to hate crime.
The man died at the scene on Cottingley Cliffe Road, Bingley, West Yorkshire. Police said they tried stopping the car after it was seen "acting suspiciously" The driver is in custody and the case has been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission.
Barcelona said it paid €57m (£43m) for Neymar in 2013. Investigators say the fee was closer to €83m and Barcelona concealed part of the deal. The case was brought by Brazilian third-party investment fund DIS, which owned 40% of the Brazilian player's sports rights.
More than 480 papers for the Hull East constituency were sent out without listing Labour's Karl Turner and the Green Party's Sarah Walpole. Hull City Council apologised and said a printing error had affected people who registered to vote after 1 April. The authority said it had hand-delivered the new ballot papers to the voters concerned.
Wales lost 24-18 to Australia in their Six Nations opener in Cardiff. Gatland says Shane Williams' last-gasp try was 'fantastic' for the wing. He also says Wales fans should be excited about the 2012 Six Nations. The Kiwi says Leigh Halfpenny's 50th-minute sin-binning was 'unlucky'
Paul Gascoigne appeared on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show. The former England striker spoke about his long term battle with alcohol. The 47-year-old admitted he still gets tearful when it hits him afresh that his playing days are behind him. He also talked about turning down a deal to sign with Manchester United.
Ineos wants to look for shale gas in the Sherwood Forest, Nottinghamshire. The National Trust said it would not allow fracking on its land. It said it was considering a court order to force the Trust to change its mind. The Trust said shale gas had lower carbon emissions than oil and gas.
Properties in Manchester, Essex and London are also being searched. The suspects are currently in custody and being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs. Officers said a "huge recovery" of what were believed to be controlled substances were recovered in Staffordshire. The raids involved officers from the Titan North West Regional Crime Unit and the National Crime Agency.
The 27-year-old has signed a five-year deal at the Etihad Stadium. He will be the club's third signing of the summer after Pablo Zabaleta and Eliaquim Mangala. The deal makes him the most expensive defender in Premier League history.
"I don't think I've ever seen anything like it," says the man who found the racoon. The racoon was on the roof of a house in the village of Bury St Edmunds. He is now in the care of the local council, who are trying to find him a new home.
Thieves took the animal from Silver Star Pets in Pengam, along with dog leads, dog coats, fish tanks, pet food and dog grooming equipment worth £35,000. Incident is one of four break-ins that occurred at the Britannia Enterprise Centre some time between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning.
Leon Mugesera was an official in Rwanda's ruling Hutu party in 1992. He told more than 1,000 party members to kill Tutsis and dump their bodies in the river. Some 800,000 people died in the genocide. He later worked as a lecturer in Quebec province and lost a legal battle to avoid extradition.
Of 1,763 would-be students who had contacted or applied to UK universities, almost half said Brexit would make UK study less attractive. But 17% told international student recruiters Hobsons that Brexit will make UK universities more attractive. Vote Leave campaign said it was crucial to ensure there were enough places for young people from the UK.
The man, who cannot be named, was sentenced to seven years in prison. He was found guilty of having sex with a minor while under the age of 18. The court heard that the man's wife was also involved in the sex act. The woman was not charged with any crime.
The Lego Movie creators Chris Miller and Phil Lord and Fox 21 TV Studios have optioned the rights to the podcast. They are developing a series which will chronicle the making of the podcast as it follows a new case. The first series followed the murder of Hae Min Lee and the ex-boyfriend jailed for her death.
Commission on Local Tax Reform said there was no "magic bullet" to cure defects in the system. It said the council tax had built-in problems "from day one" but a failure to modify it had stored up more difficulties for policy makers. The commission, set up by the Scottish government and council body Cosla, will report back later this year.
The British Hen Welfare Trust said 240 of the birds were in need of new homes. The birds had spent the last 18 months laying eggs for supermarkets. The trust will hold a rehoming day on Sunday but said it could not save the hens if they did not have homes.
Naughton came through the academy at Bradford, and spent a year at Sydney Roosters before joining Hull in 2015. The 21-year-old will help cover the loss of James Clare, who has a serious knee injury, and the release of Lee Smith from his contract.
Remains found off A628 at Tintwistle, near Glossop, Derbyshire. Police are liaising with Europol, as the unidentified victim could be a foreign national. Post-mortem examinations revealed the body belonged to a white man under the age of 50. No DNA matches have been found on the national database.
Van Gaal has been out of work since being sacked by Manchester United in May 2016. The 65-year-old also had spells in charge of Ajax, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and AZ. Van Gaal made the announcement after receiving a lifetime achievement award from the Dutch government for his contribution to football.
Around one in 10 people in the Caucasian population carries this variation of the gene, named PIA2. Around 150,000 people have a stroke in the UK each year and more than 100,000 heart attacks are recorded annually. The faulty gene appears to affect a protein called glycoprotein IIIa present on platelets, natural clotting cells in the blood.
Raban Alou, 18, is charged with aiding and abetting the killing of police accountant Curtis Cheng. Talal Alameddine, 22, is accused of supplying the weapon used by Mr Cheng's killer, 15-year-old Farhad Jabar. Neither appeared in court and no applications for bail were made.
Google will stop taking orders for the product from next week. Explorer programme, which gave software developers the chance to buy Glass for $1,500 (Â£990) will close. Google says it is committed to working on the future of the product, but gave no timescale for the launch of any new version.
Police said it was found in a private residence in Blanchardstown on Friday night. A number of people were moved from their homes during the alert. The device was then removed to a secure military location for further examination. It was confirmed it was viable and the alert was called off.
The AU took the decision on Tuesday following a divisive debate at its annual heads of state of summit in Addis Ababa. South Africa and Burundi have already decided to withdraw, accusing the ICC of undermining their sovereignty and unfairly targeting Africans. The ICC denies the allegation, insisting it is pursuing justice for victims of war crimes in Africa.
The king also made several appointments to the team of his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. In June, the 31-year-old prince became the first in line to the Saudi throne. He replaced the king's nephew, Mohammed bin Nayef, who pledged allegiance to the younger cousin.
Aberdeenshire-based Harbro Group saw pre-tax profit increase by £800,000, to £3.5m. This was despite turnover falling by £1m to just over £100m. The company manufactures and supplies feeds for the beef, sheep, dairy, pig and poultry sectors.
Mr Trump said Mr Mueller's friendship with James Comey was "bothersome" But he did call Mr Mueller an "honourable man" Mr Mueller was given the role of special counsel by the justice department to lead its investigation into alleged Russian interference. US media have reported he is looking at possible obstruction of justice.
The High Court ruled Jon Platt had no case to answer over his daughter's school absence. The government has said it will now consider making alterations to the law. Education select committee chairman Neil Carmichael said parents would be "wondering what to do" after Friday's ruling.
The gunman fled after opening fire on Annonciate Haberisoni. She was waiting for her hair to be done, witnesses said. Tensions have been rising in Burundi ahead of elections in May and June. Mr Rwasa accused the government of attempting to assassinate his wife.
O2 and Vodafone had expressed anger that rival network EE had been given permission to use its existing 1,800MHz spectrum to launch a 4G service earlier. Ofcom has told the government that the process could be accelerated to launch 4G networks in many places by May or June.
Mohammed Sufiyan Choudry and Zaiur Rahman found guilty at Old Bailey. Pair were members of Al-Muhajiroun in Luton, Bedfordshire. They were caught in an undercover police operation in December 2015. They will be sentenced at a later date.
Football League wants to create an extra division with 20 teams in each from 2019-20. There are currently 24 teams in the Championship, League One and League Two. Premier League and the Football Association have backed the proposal "in principle" Of the current 72 Football League clubs, 90% must support the proposal for it to go ahead.
The rules prevent non-EU chefs being employed if a restaurant offers a take-away service. The UK government said this was designed to drive innovative cuisine. But industry sources say it has led to restaurants closing because they cannot recruit skilled chefs. The warning comes as the Scottish curry industry will celebrate its annual awards ceremony in Glasgow on Monday.
Stuart Lancaster's side struggled to deal with France's power. Danny Cipriani and Jonathan Joseph scored late tries for the visitors. England host Ireland in their final World Cup warm-up game on 5 September. Stuart Lancaster must announce his final squad by 31 August.
The 1.14 litre bottles of Bombay Sapphire had an alcohol content of 77%. It is the second time this year that a batch has been pulled from the shelves. The first time was in March when a batch was pulled after it was found to contain too much alcohol.
Towell, 25, was knocked down twice during the bout in Glasgow on Thursday. He is only the third professional boxer to die in the UK from apparently fight-related injuries in 21 years. His partner Chloe Ross revealed he had been suffering migraines for weeks but dismissed it as pre-match stress.
Daimler says the software fix will cost about 220m euros (Â£195m) The carmaker has been under intense pressure from police and prosecutors. In May German police searched 11 offices of the carmaker as part of an investigation into possible fraudulent emissions data by employees.
Cement developed by Sheffield University could block radioisotopes for 2,000 years. The material develops mineral phases that readily trap radioactive isotopes. The Sheffield experiments have been performed at the Diamond Light Source in Oxfordshire. The facility is the only one of its kind in the world, and was set up specifically to study the temporal behaviour of materials.
Muckamore clinched Section A of the Lagan Valley Steels Twenty/20 Cup following a four wicket win over Lisburn. Challenge Cup holders CSNI were well beaten by CIYMS who join Instonians, Lisburn and Muckamores in the semi-finals. North-West Cup holders Donemana were 3-2 at one stage but rallied to defeat Coleraine.
Aidan Chaves, 26, was spat on during a home game for Sawbridgeworth Town FC. But he denied screaming threats at Clacton supporters on the touchline. Stevenage Magistrates Court adjourned the case for a later hearing to decide if he had made threatening comments.
Michael Ondaatje and Peter Carey will not attend PEN Literary Gala in New York. They said PEN was stepping beyond its traditional role by handing award to Charlie Hebdo. PEN said it did not believe Charlie Hebdo's intent was to "ostracise or insult Muslims"
The regulator, NHS Improvement, said it wanted more progress after the NHS had slipped behind schedule in its efforts to reduce the agency bill. Last year £3.6bn was spent on agency staff, but the regulator wants that brought down by £1bn by the end of this financial year. A cap was introduced in October and has so far saved £600m.
Camden Glass, part of the Camden Group, has started a 30-day consultation with staff on the closure of its factory in Benburb. The firm produces and supplies PVCu window and door products. Camden Group has told Unite it will be creating 50 new jobs at a new plant in Antrim.
Poundland is part of a wider UK success story: the unstoppable rise of the discount retailers. Last year discount stores grew twice as fast as the big four supermarkets. Analysts believe the recession started a much more fundamental shift. Poundland is using the funds from last year's Â£750m flotation to open more stores.
Ambulance crews say it is "astonishing" those inside were not more seriously hurt. The children, aged five and six, were taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital. The man was taken to Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham. Their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening or life-changing.
Victim was discovered with head and facial injuries in a bedroom. Woman, 41, has also been charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice. She is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates' Court on Thursday. The incident happened at a flat in Ross House, Mount Vernon, on Monday.
Gates Foundation, Pfizer and Children's Investment Fund Foundation sign deal. Sayana Press has a smaller needle and no traditional syringe. Drug dispensed by squeezing a plastic bubble, giving protection for three months. No risk of spillages or dosing errors, and cannot be re-used.
Investigations were suspended in 2011 after a critical report into the running of the office. Follow-up inspection report published on Wednesday concluded that enough improvements have been made for historical investigations to resume. Many of the cases involve allegations of security force collusion. DUP's Paul Givan raised concerns about the re-opening of historical investigations.
Sydney's Daily Telegraph reported the investigation concerns two games involving the north Sydney-based Manly Sea Eagles last year. The games were against South Sydney Rabbitohs and Parramatta Eels. In 2011, Ryan Tandy was banned for life after being convicted of match-fixing while playing for Canterbury Bulldogs.
Part of a school roof was ripped off at Rhosgadfan near Caernarfon, Gwynedd. Hundreds of homes across Wales experienced power cuts. Irish Ferries cancelled six fast sailings between Holyhead and Dublin due to "adverse weather conditions" on the Irish Sea.
The CM11 armoured vehicle carrying five soldiers fell into the Wangsha river in Pingtung county in the south of the country. The driver and tank captain survived. The drill was part of preparations for next week's annual Han Kuang military exercise. President Tsai Ing-wen has sent her condolences.
Garcia made his name as a federal prosecutor with the Southern District of New York. He worked on the bombing of the World Trade Center in 1993 and the 1998 bombings of the American embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. In 2012 he was chosen by Fifa to lead the investigation into the bidding process that awarded the World Cup to Russia.
A Darragh leader try helped Connacht lead after Jeff Hassler's early score. But touchdowns by Ashley Beck and Alan Wyn Jones put the Ospreys 24-8 up. Denis Buckley's try before the break gave Connacht hope before Beck and Nicky Smith scores ended the contest.
The car is designed to make it easier for people with disabilities to drive. It was designed by the same people who designed the car used in the '60s and '70s. The car was designed to be able to go from 0-60mph to 100mph in less than a minute.
Pop Recs Ltd hosted in-store gigs by acts from Franz Ferdinand to James Bay. It also became a community hub, hosting regular music tuition plus poetry, stitching and toddler groups. Sunderland City Council, which owned the building, has sold it for student flats. "We need to be somewhere else. Not existing is not an option," saysummer Dave Harper.
Luton were beaten by Blackpool in the League Two play-off semi-finals. Goalkeeper Liam Gooch, defender Stephen O'Donnell, midfielder Danny Green and forwards Zane Banton and Craig Mackail-Smith will leave the club on 30 June. But keeper King, 19, and defender Potts, 23, are set to stay.
Benzia was born in France but is eligible for Algeria through his parents. The 21-year-old has scored 26 goals in 43 appearances for France's youth teams. Algeria Football Federation said it "will immediately begin the process of registering the player with Fifa" Benzia met its president Mohamed Raouraoua this week to finalise his choice.
Players selected will become full-time athletes, a move which the world's two best teams have already taken. England are ranked third in the world, behind 11-time World Cup winners Australia and second-placed New Zealand. Full details of the central contracts will be announced following the conclusion of the Superleague season in May.
South Wales Police is the largest Welsh police force area by population. It covers everything from Swansea to Cardiff and includes Bridgend, Rhondda Cynon Taf, the Vale of Glamorgan and Merthyr Tydfil. The force has current projected savings of £5.4m in 2016/17.
Drug works by mimicking ability of folic acid to latch on to cancer cells. It also reduces the side-effects often seen with traditional chemotherapy. ONX-0801 has only been tested in 15 women, and the researchers say it may not be safe to take for more than a few months.
Joanna Yeates, 25, from Bristol, has not been seen since 17 December. CCTV shows her buying a pizza at a Tesco Express store on the night she was last seen. No trace has been found of the pizza or its wrapping and police say its whereabouts could provide a vital clue. Her parents have said they fear she has been abducted and could be dead.
Jimmy Cauty and Bill Drummond made their comeback at a book launch in Liverpool. The duo were greeted by 500 fans as they arrived at the News From Nowhere book shop. Their new novel 2023, described as "a utopian costume drama set in the near future", is due to be performed on Thursday.
Maria de Villota was hurt when the MR-01 race car she was driving hit a support truck at Duxford airfield in Cambridgeshire on Tuesday. The 32-year-old Spaniard had driven the car for the Oxfordshire-based Marussia team. She is in a critical but stable condition at Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge.
Flames could be seen shooting from the roof of Scotway House in Glasgow. The building is close to the city's Riverside Museum. There were no reports of injuries, and the nearby museum was not damaged. The Glasgow Harbour area is currently undergoing a major redevelopment. The roof of the building was damaged in the fire.
She is the first non-white female cabinet-level official appointed to the incoming Trump administration. Mrs Haley is the daughter of Indian immigrants and was a vocal critic of Mr Trump on the campaign trail. The Republican-controlled Senate will need to confirm her appointment before she officially takes office.
The ban applies to officials with access to classified information. It comes as relations between the two sides are already strained. Some officials choose China for further education partly because they want to build connections. But there have also been a string of cases involving Taiwanese defence ministry officials spying for China.
The Brewers finished second in League One to clinch promotion to the Championship. Nigel Clough returned for a second spell in charge in December. The 50-year-old said the size of the club, and town, meant surviving against teams like Newcastle, Aston Villa and Nottingham Forest would be incredibly tough.
The soldiers will be based in the Afghan army college near Kabul. Their role will be to assist in the training of Afghan army soldiers and officers. More than 450 British servicemen and women lost their lives in the 13 year conflict in Afghanistan. The deployment is expected to last for seven months.
Laura Pergolizzi is one of the most sought-after songwriters in the world. Her single, Lost On You, was the fourth most Shazamed song of all time. The 36-year-old has worked with the likes of Rihanna, Christina Aguilera and Cher.
Chelsea beat Manchester City 3-1 in the Premier League on Sunday. The win was the second in a row for the Blues after they beat Tottenham last week. Chelsea have now won six of their last seven games in all competitions. The Blues are now eight points clear at the top of the table.
Hasan Karkardi has been banned from boxing for six months. He had surgery on his brain after a fight with Chris Eubank Jr. in March. Blackwell is still unable to walk after suffering a bleed on the brain. He has been advised not to return to the ring.
Inger Shah, 38, was one of 96 fans fatally injured at the 1989 FA Cup semi-final. Mrs Shah and her friend Marian McCabe, 21, also died in the crush. Both were members of the London branch of the Liverpool Supporters Club. Witnesses say both women were "lifeless" before police stopped the match.
XpoNorth takes place on 7 and 8 June in Inverness and will include talks, workshops and performances. The festival is funded by Highlands and Islands Enterprise and the European Regional Development Fund and is free to attend. Sarah Bridge, music supervisor in charge of the multi-Oscar-winning Stephen Hawking biopic, The Theory of Everything, is also to appear at the festival.
Cambridge United are the lowest-ranked team left in the FA Cup. Holders Arsenal visit Brighton, and Chelsea will play Bradford City. Manchester City host Middlesbrough and Bournemouth travel to Aston Villa. Liverpool face Bolton Wanderers, while West Ham will travel to Bristol City.
Neil Aspin has retained 14 players, and released five. Mitch Brundle, Toby Ajala, Nick Cassidy, Shaun MacDonald and Jack Elliott have been released. Tynesiders missed out on the play-offs, finishing three places and twelve points behind fifth-placed Aldershot.
Liverpool will assess forward Roberto Firmino, who missed last weekend's win against Burnley with a minor injury. Dejan Lovren, who has been nursing a knee problem, played for the under-23 side on Monday and is fit to make his first senior appearance since January.Divock Origi is doubtful because of a knock and illness, while injured duo Jordan Henderson and Daniel Sturridge will again miss out.
Barrow have won just one of their first five league games of the season. Michael Moore will take charge while the club search for a new boss. The club gave Hartlepool United permission to speak to Cox in May. The former Mansfield and Torquay boss left the club by mutual consent.
Mark Turner, 55, tried to use an EpiPen to counter the severe allergic reaction. But it misfired and the contents ended up on the floor. His wife then successfully used another pen to administer an injection. But he died from the reaction to the sting at his home on Dartmoor, Devon.
Dan Sparkes scored twice in seven minutes for Torquay. Keanu Marsh-Brown equalised for Forest Green Rovers. Aman Verma headed in David Fitzpatrick's free-kick at half-time. Ethan Pinnock put into his own net five minutes into second half. Christian Doidge gave Rovers hope in 62nd minute.
The pastor and his family eventually fled Chibok in September after repeated attacks by the militants. They moved to the nearby town of Mubi until it also came under attack the next month. The family now scrapes a living by selling firewood and as Rev Mark tells the BBC's Chris Ewokor, the 12 months since the abductions have felt like "like 10 years"
The State Duma voted 380-3 for the bill, two days after it passed its second reading. It now needs the approval of the upper house and President Vladimir Putin. Campaigners say the bill - dubbed the "slapping law" - would mean the "exoneration of tyrants in the home"
Mau Mau fighters were mainly drawn from Kenya's major ethnic grouping, the Kikuyu. Officially the number of Mau Mau and other rebels killed was 11,000, including 1,090 convicts hanged by the British administration. But unofficial figures suggest a much larger number were killed in the counter-insurgency campaign.
The 32-year-old made his debut for the club in 2015. He lost the captaincy at the start of the season due to family matters. But he has started all but one of the club's games this season. He has been described as "one of the best and most consistent centre halves in the division"
Prince Harry has spent a week in New Zealand, his first visit to the country. He scored a winning goal in the dying seconds of a football match. He also took part in a five-a-side game to promote the Fifa under-20 World Cup. The 30-year-old looked relaxed while sitting on the 3.1m (10ft) crocodile.
A Bhuvneshwar Kumar throw hit Paul Reiffel on the back of the head. The Australian was given the all clear but has been advised to rest. Marais Erasmus will continue alongside Bruce Oxenford on the field. Chettithody Shamshuddin takes over as third umpire.
Carlos Ghosn says there was a need to build a "much higher awareness" of the company's products in Brazil. Nissan is supplying 5,000 cars for the Games and the Brazilian Olympic team to use. The company has used Olympic sprint champion Usain Bolt in its adverts since 2012.
Crayfish are considered a key indicator of the health of our rivers. Numbers have been in sharp decline since the introduction of North American signal crayfish to Britain in the 1980s. The non-native species spread widely, out-competing native populations for food and infecting them with a deadly plague.
London Fire Brigade called to arena on Millennium Way, Greenwich, at 11:15 BST. 21 firefighters tackled the blaze, which was contained to the restaurant's extraction system. Security staff evacuated people from arena, but there were no injuries. The cause of the fire is not yet known.
Steve McQueen's drama will play at more than 1,000 locations in the US and Canada from Friday. The memoir on which the film is based has seen a similar boost. Solomon Northup's book is now in 16th place, having previously been ranked in 326th place before Sunday's ceremony.
The Niagara Falls Water Board said it was caused by a "routine" water treatment and apologised for causing alarm to residents and tourists. The water authority says July's treatment process was necessary and the discharge within "permitted limits" The Niagara County Legislature voted in favour of asking New York's attorney general to investigate on Thursday.
Dundee beat Dumbarton 6-2 in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. Greg Stewart scored a hat-trick for Paul Hartley's side. Dundee have scored almost 60 goals between them in the last two seasons. Rangers, Aberdeen and Leeds United are rumoured to be keen on Stewart.
About 1100 athletes from 70 countries, aged between 15 and 18, will compete in 15 sports disciplines. Lillehammer 2016 will use many venues refurbished from the 1994 Winter Olympics, while Oslo, which is more than 100 miles away, will host the halfpipe events. The ethos of the Youth Olympics is cultural education and personal development.
UKIP councillor Jeff Elenor announced on Tuesday he was defecting to join the Democratic Independent Group. He joins four other UKIP councillors who defected last month saying they were unhappy with the council's lack of action over Manston Airport. UKIP won 33 seats on Thanet District Council, Kent, in May, making it the first authority in the UK to have a UKIP majority.
Teaching unions accuse Ofqual of "regulatory failure" But regulator insists it applied its measures correctly. State and private school heads call for an independent inquiry into the problems. Education Committee is set to start an inquiry into GCSE grading next week. The Times Educational Supplement (TES) says measures to guard against grade inflation were not appropriate for this year's English exams.
Residents and an official said the victims were travelling in a pick-up truck. There was no immediate comment from the coalition, which is fighting the Houthi rebel movement. The UN says air strikes have caused the majority of the more than 4,125 civilian deaths recorded since the conflict escalated in March 2015.
Celebrations are taking place in the West Bank town where it is believed that Jesus was born. However this year they are overshadowed by the latest Israeli-Palestinian violence. Young Palestinians regularly join protests that result in confrontations with Israeli soldiers. There are flashpoints across the West West Bank including on the edge of Ramallah and in Bethlehem.
North Wales Police have been praised for their work in tackling sexual abuse. The force has been criticised for not doing enough to stop the problem. It has also been accused of failing to do enough to protect the public from the abuse of its officers. The police force has also come under fire for its handling of sexual abuse cases.
Sian Grigg, from Cardiff, has been nominated for an Academy Award. She has worked with DiCaprio on several films including Titanic and The Great Gatsby. Pembrokeshire-born actor Christian Bale has also been nominated in the best supporting actor category for his role in The Big Short.
Sophie Fearns said son Charlie, of Merseyside, needs to fly back to Seattle, America for experimental treatment unavailable in the UK. She said she was "ecstatic" and "overwhelmed" by the "selfless amazing person" who paid for his treatment.
The General Court of the European Union said there were "internal inconsistencies" in the Commission's 2010 decision. Air France was fined the largest amount - €182.9m - while KLM was fined €127.2m. Lufthansa escaped a sanction after providing information to the Commission.
Bournemouth beat Swansea 3-2 in the Premier League on Saturday. The win leaves Eddie Howe's side 13 points clear of the relegation zone. Bournemouth's King scored his fifth goal of the season against Swansea. The 24-year-old says he is loving life at the club after leaving Blackburn.
Red Cross: 25,000 rebel fighters and civilians have been evacuated since operation got under way. 750 people evacuated simultaneously from two Shia towns under siege by rebel forces. Most are being transported to rebel-held Idlib province, where aid groups say conditions are inadequate. UN Security Council approves deployment of 20 observers to Aleppo to monitor the treatment of civilians.
On 17 December 2014, President Obama and President Raul Castro announced the historic decision to put decades of Cold War hostility behind them. The move caught most people by surprise, but one of the few who knew it was coming was the US Charge d'Affaires in Havana, Jeffrey DeLaurentis.
Olympique de Marseille are 12th in Ligue 1 after nine games. Former LA Dodgers owner Tony McCourt has bought the club. McCourt plans to invest 200m euros (£180m) in the club over the next four years. Last season, angry Marseille fans criticised then owner Margarita Louis-Dreyfus.
Images taken from the International Space Station have received tens of thousands of reactions on Facebook. The images show the Aurora Borealis - also known as the Northern Lights - visible towards the north of the globe. Belgium's dense road network enjoys near-total streetlight coverage, with 2.2 million bulbs per square mile.
Vladislava Podchapko's son Daniil, aged one year and 11 months, died on 3 December. His sister Anya, nearly three, remained in the Kiev flat with the dead body for three more days, until the mother returned. Ukrainian presidential adviser on children's rights reported the case on Facebook.
McQueen, 20, came through Southampton's youth ranks. He has played one first-team game - as a sub against Sunderland in the FA Cup in February 2014. "I've got the opportunity here so I've got to take it as well as I can," says McQueen.
Government wants to build a £2bn 1.8-mile (2.9km) tunnel at Stonehenge. But Highways England is also considering a route which would take the A303 south of the city. A group of historians has called for "no further damage" to the site.
Saracens chief executive Edward Griffiths says the club is trying to be a template for others. The 'cult of Saracens' is certainly taken seriously now with Griffiths as its charismatic, unorthodox high priest. Sarries have been a middling club, rarely competitive when the going got tough and rarely threatening to win anything.
More than 200 Rohingya refugees have fled to Bangladesh to escape violence. Of those interviewed, 52 said they had been raped by security forces. One mother said her five-year-old daughter was killed by a man who slit her throat. The UN has called for an end to the violence in Myanmar.
The pipe in Chester Green, Derby, burst at about 04:30 GMT on Sunday. People in Chaddesden, Littleover and Mackworth reported brown water coming from taps. Severn Trent Water said it could take up to five days to fix the problems.
Guernsey play in English football's eighth tier. Host the first ever cup match on the island. Guernsey come from two goals down to draw 2-2. The Green Lions now travel to London for a replay in the second round of the FA Cup.
World Anti-Doping Agency report accuses Russia of running a "state-sponsored" doping programme. Wada chairman Dick Pound says Russia's athletics federation, Araf, should be banned from the Rio 2016 Olympics. Warner says he feels sports other than athletics have reason to be concerned at how Russian sport is run. Report also implicated the International Association of Athletics' Federations.
Kadiza Sultana, 16, is feared dead after an air strike in Raqqa, Syria. She and two school friends flew from Gatwick to Turkey on 17 February 2015. The Bethnal Green Academy pupils later entered Syria and were thought to be living in Raqqa.
Emmerdale moved to a purpose-built set on the Harewood Estate in Leeds in 1998. The new tours will take place on 10 Saturdays in April, July, August and October. They will take in "the familiar haunts of Home Farm, Bob's Cafe and The Woolpack"
More than 25 teachers out of a teaching staff of about 70 called in sick on Wednesday. It is believed a dispute at the school, which has about 1,000 pupils, centres on an incident prior to half-term. Many of the teachers are said to be concerned over the way it was handled and sent a letter to the principal.
How a winemaker is taking on Sicily's rural Mafia. Cesare has been threatened, his land has been repeatedly trespassed on. His buildings have been damaged and trees cut down or set alight. Officials believe they're acting in cahoots with local lawyers, accountants and local politicians.
The headset works with an experimental version of the BBC's iPlayer on-demand platform. Users can turn on and operate the app by concentrating or relaxing their minds. This type of technology could be used to help people with a broad range of disabilities who cannot use traditional TV remote controls.
HebCelt is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July. The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan, Skerryvore and Peatbog Faeries are among this year's acts.
Houvenaghel won silver for GB in the individual pursuit in Beijing in 2008. The 39-year-old will return to dentistry, where she says she will be treated as an equal. She criticised GB team-mates and coach Shane Sutton when she was left out of the team pursuit races at the London Olympics two years ago.
Play will start on all courts, including Centre and Court One, at 11:30 BST. Organisers were forced to close the roof on Centre Court on Friday. Novak Djokovic was two sets down against world number 28 Sam Querrey when play was stopped for the day about 20:15 BST.
The team, in the Ragusa district, came under suspicion because they were called out more often than others. Each was paid about â‚¬10 (Â£9) an hour. Italians are sweltering in a heatwave that has pushed temperatures above 40C.
There were 31,000 offences recorded in the year up to April 2014, up 8,500 on the previous year. Figures compiled by the NSPCC show 85 offences were recorded by police every day. A spokesman said high-profile cases had "played a contributory factor" in encouraging people to come forward.
The US and UK have announced new carry-on restrictions banning laptops on certain passenger flights. Inbound flights on nine airlines operating out of 10 airports in eight countries are subject to the US Department of Homeland Security ban. The British ban, announced hours after the American measure, is similar but applies to different airlines, including British Airways and EasyJet.
Claim comes hours after North Korea cancels visit by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. Mr Ban was due to visit an industrial complex in the Kaesong economic zone. He said the move was "deeply regrettable" and that no explanation was given. North Korea previously claimed it had miniaturised a device for the nuclear test.
Ukrainian pipeline operator Ukrtransgaz says up to 43.5m cubic metres will be imported daily, to prevent winter shortages. Russia cut off Ukraine's gas in June as the conflict between the government in Kiev and the rebels in the east escalated. New talks between the rebels and the government could take place in Belarus in the coming days.
Derby made the breakthrough when captain Keogh stooped at the far post to head home Craig Bryson's cross. The Mariners, back in League Two after a six-year absence, looked nervy early on. Darren Bent twice went close for the Rams. Shaun Pearson saw his header saved for Grimsby and Kayden Jackson's shot was cleared off the line in injury time.
Debra Milke was freed in September 2013 after a record of misconduct by a key detective in the case emerged. The case against Ms Milke rested largely on a purported confession to that detective. Prosecutors had pushed for a retrial but a panel of three judges said such a move would amount to double jeopardy.
EMAS has some of the worst response times in England. Trust overspent by almost Â£12m in the last financial year. Staff reported to be under pressure and unable to take scheduled breaks. Care Quality Commission said staff were committed to providing high quality, safe care.
Huddersfield held on to go four points clear thanks to a fifth win from six. The Terriers were rewarded for their greater control and threat when the outstanding Mooy smashed a 25-yard shot into the top corner after the break. Leeds, who slip to third from bottom with just one win from their first six league fixtures, rarely threatened.
Sally Chidzoy was investigating East of England Ambulance Service boss Anthony Marsh's salary package. She said the story was dropped after assistant editor Steve Silk received a late-night email from then-Liberal Democrat health minister Norman Lamb in July 2014. The email noted Mr Lamb's "real concern about the potential damage" the story could have on the service.
Homes were evacuated and roads were closed in the Froghall Gardens area. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was alerted to reports of a fire. Six appliances were sent and five firefighters dressed in protective breathing apparatus extinguished the fire using a high-power hose. The casualty did not require medical treatment and crews ensured the area was made safe.
Camping gear found and distress signals heard from avalanche beacons. Park spokeswoman says there is little chance for survival. The group, from Seattle's Alpine Ascents International, was last heard from on Wednesday. There were two guides and four clients in the party, which began a five-day expedition last Monday.
The visitors raced into a three-goal first-half lead at Hampden. Weatherson opened the scoring with an unstoppable 15th-minute free-kick. Matt Flynn made it 3-0 six minutes later with a fine finish. Queen's pulled a consolation goal back in stoppage time through John Carter.
Lions full-back Leigh Halfpenny missed a late penalty for the second week in a row. The Welshman's five penalties had seen the Lions lead 15-9 until five minutes from time. Wallabies centre Adam Ashley-Cooper crashed over for the only try. Christian Leali'ifano held his nerve to land the conversion.
Cyrus Mistry says he has become a "lame duck" chairman. He alleges constant interference, including being asked to sign off on deals he knew little about. He also warned the company risks huge writedowns across the business. Tata said it currently had no response to the allegations.
Jamie Murray opens play at the O2 Arena alongside doubles partner John Peers at 12:00 GMT on Sunday. At least 128 people were killed in attacks carried out by eight gunmen and suicide bombers in the French capital. The ATP confirmed "enhanced security" is in place and preparations continue as normal.
Warriors called off the game, without consulting Widnes, as the pitch had deteriorated following Storm Doris. But the match then went ahead on the scheduled date at the Vikings' ground. Warriors, who won the game 28-26, must pay £2,000 in costs for the RFL.
Manchester United beat Middlesbrough 2-1 in the Premier League on Saturday. Anthony Martial scored his fifth goal of the season in the win. The 21-year-old's agent has been linked with a move to La Liga side Sevilla. Jose Mourinho has told Martial to follow the example of Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Former Arkansas governor says his "heart says no" to another run for president. He joins a crowded Republican field that includes three senators, a businesswoman and a neurogeon. He has vowed to focus more on the economy and national security than on same-sex marriage. But he could face challenges within his own party.
John Terry's measured side-foot shot gave the Blues the lead after the hosts failed to clear their lines when Mata's free-kick hit the outside of the post. Daniel Sturridge's sublime backheel finish when running through one on one with keeper Simon Mignolet made it 2-0. The Dane typified the home side, showing plenty of endeavour but they looked powerless to prevent a second consecutive home defeat.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un says missile test was a "great event" US and South Korea say the first test failed, but the second travelled about 400km. UN Security Council expresses its opposition after an emergency meeting. The Musudan is believed to have range of up to 4,000km (2,500 miles)
After falling for much of the day, the FTSE 100 index closed higher. It rose by 0.34%, or 21.81 points, to 6,383.61. News came as Standard Chartered announced a third-quarter pre-tax loss of $139m for the three months to September.
Brendon Constant, 87, was accused of smothering his 86-year-old wife Jean with a plastic bag. He died in hospital after suffering "catastrophic" head injuries in a fall at home. Mr Constant did not enter a plea to the murder charge before his death.
106 tigers in the wild on the Bangladeshi side of the world's largest mangrove swamp, and about 74 on the Indian side. Figures mark a sharp decline from the 440 animals recorded 10 years ago. Experts say the decline is mainly down to rampant poaching. But they add that lower numbers also reflect more accurate surveying techniques.
The 19-year-old was taken off in the 15th minute at Vitality Stadium. He will undergo further examinations in the coming days to establish the extent of his layoff. Jesus was hoping to become the third City player to find the net on each of his first three Premier League starts, having scored at West Ham and two against Swansea.
Sports Minister Carál Nί Chuilίn said they stood down just before a meeting. They were there to discuss a report by the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure. She thanked them for their efforts in promoting sport during their time in office. No-one from Sport NI was available for comment.
Symantec says the Wifatch program is closing loopholes and fixing bugs on routers it infects. The software also leaves a message on the router telling its owner to change the default passwords and update the firmware that controls the device. About a third of all the devices it had hit were in China with Brazil and Mexico making up another quarter of its victims.
RB Leipzig is challenging for Champions League football in its first ever season in the top flight. The hatred is because of the way they are wholly owned by one company, Red Bull. The vitriol derives from RB's ownership model. Traditionally German football clubs are run without a single, rich investor.
Two-vehicle crash on A470 between Rhayader and Llangurig at 11:45 GMT. The road was later shut after a crash involving five vehicles just before 15:00. It remained closed until 17:30 when the road reopened between Builth Wells and Welshpool.
Mr Videgaray was seen as the main organiser of the controversial meeting between Mr Trump and President Enrique Pena Nieto. The visit was widely criticised by Mexicans both in the national press and on social media. He will be replaced by the current Minister of Social Development, Jose Antonio Meade.
The battle for Tal Afar could escalate tensions between Iraq, its ethnic Kurdish minority, Turkey and Syria. Turkey refuses to close or move its military base near Mosul, claiming it could be needed to protect Iraqi Turkmen. The mere idea of Turkish military action on Iraqi soil has been enough to cause many, from Washington to Baghdad, to lose sleep.
Fleetwood's on-loan Burnley striker Chris Long scored his third goal in as many league games in the fourth minute. Josh Magennis nodded in Ricky Holmes' cross in the 32nd minute. David Ball restored Fleetwood's lead, picking up a loose ball on the edge of the box and curled the ball into the top corner in the 44th minute. Lee Novak diverted fellow substitute Kevin Foley's pass home in the 87th minute and the goal prevented Fleetwood from climbing over Bradford into second spot.
Michael Eisner has offered to buy Portsmouth for £5.67m. The former Walt Disney chief executive will address fans on Thursday. Shareholders and members will vote on the offer later this month. The PST own 48% of the club after helping bring it out of administration in 2013.
WWF says the turtle was followed during the filming and the camera collected at the end. It says the animal was not harmed in any way. Hundreds of turtles have been found dead near the reef over the last four years, and it hopes the project may help find out why.
Richard Duffy fired Vale in front after Neil Collins headed down a corner for the defender to coolly latch onto. Paddy Madden could have levelled later on but fired the ball over the crossbar from close range. The Iron remain in 17th, a point above 18th-placed Vale who are three points above the League One relegation zone.
David McGoldrick volleyed in his first goal since August to put Ipswich ahead. Revell, who recently saved a penalty as an emergency goalkeeper against Preston, levelled from the spot. Brett Pitman's glancing header restored Ipswich's lead. Varney's header sealed victory.
Mr Weah got 78% of the vote for the Montserrado county seat, which includes the capital Monrovia. He beat Robert Sirleaf, the son of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. Low turnout in the poll, which was first planned for October, was blamed on concerns about Ebola.
Fleetwood shot a nine-under 63 to make up eight shots on Austrian Wiesberger. But the 26-year-old drove into trouble on the extra hole and Wiesberg holed out from five feet for the win. England's Ross Fisher finished joint third after a bogey on 18th.
Van den Berg led her country at the 2015 World Cup in Canada. The 26-year-old has been capped 75 times by her country. She played 13 times for Liverpool this season as they finished fifth in Women's Super League 1. "It's great that we are attracting players of Mandy's calibre," says manager Kelly Chambers.
Myles Anderson has cancelled his contract with Barrow by mutual consent. Striker Ruairi Keating was recommended to Gulls boss Kevin Nicholson by ex-Port Vale manager Micky Adams. The 27-year-old centre-back could feature against his old club on 18 February.
Thousands of wooden pallets are now piled up where previously there were parked cars. Bonfire makers say the council collected pallets from the area earlier this year, agreed to store them and return them this month but failed to do so. An investigation has been called into the storing of pallets.
Almost 8,000 real words - and invented ones - are included in the dictionary. The Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary was compiled by lexicographer Dr Susan Rennie. Dahl would scribble his words on yellow pages from the American legal pads he used to write in. The dictionary is published on 2 June.
The plant will create 150 jobs on the Ebbw Vale enterprise zone. New owners, who bought the British brand three years ago, will start production next year. The company has a 10-year plan, including four new models, and will begin making a few hundred cars a year. There have been 350 advance orders for the car already.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the race ahead of Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo. World champion Lewis Hamilton finished sixth to extend his championship lead. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finished eighth after a late-race collision. The incident was reviewed by race officials and they decided to take no action.
M&S shares sank 8% after the retailer warned of a hit to short-term profits. But bank shares helped to bolster the wider market, with RBS up 3.6% and HSBC 3.4%. Royal Mail shares rose 1% to 526.5p after regulator Ofcom said it would not impose new price controls on the company.
Midfielder Garrett scored in the 3-1 victory at Shamrock Park but should not have been on the pitch. Ards have now been handed the win on a 3-0 scoreline and move up to seventh in the league, with the Ports now eight points adrift at the foot of the table.
Aircraft came down in a field off Burrows Lane, in the Middle Stoke area. The condition of the pilot is not known. Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) deployed to the scene.Louise Holloway, who lives nearby, said: "I was outside in the garden and heard this huge bang"
Margaret Stewart admitted stealing from Ivanhoe Cambridge. The company used to own Glasgow's St Enoch Centre. She was caught after a bank spotted a problem with one of the cheques. The 48-year-old was also told to repay £27,000 at Glasgow Sheriff Court.
Two dozen giant stars have been identified in the Large Magellanic Cloud. Four were known previously, including the colossus catalogued as R136a1. The new survey finds many more of the super-objects in a tight patch of sky. Together, these nine stars outshine our Sun by a factor of 30 million.
Roma were fined £42,400 after the game against AC Milan was halted and restarted on 12 May. The Serie A side reacted by vowing to ban anyone identified with the songs. Balotelli was the target of more racial abuse in Sunday's game with Napoli.
Plymouth Argyle are now two points clear at the summit of the Championship. Crawley Town drop to 15th in the table. Dermot Drummy did not travel to Devon due to illness. The Red Devils were led by assistant boss Matt Gray at Home Park.
Scripps' channels include the Food Network and Travel Channel. The two companies are estimated to have 20% of ad-supported TV viewership. The offer values Scripps stock at $90 per share, 34% higher than the price when reports of the deal first circulated earlier this month.
Steven Caulker suffered a cut to his head during a squad get-together. The Sun claimed a fight broke out at a pub that Crystal Palace players were also at. QPR's head of communications Ian Taylor insisted: "He was not involved in an altercation"
Siri currently pronounces the singer's name as "StreiZAND" The next Apple update is due on 30 September. Streisand is currently on tour for her new album, Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway. She is one of just a few to have won all four major US entertainment awards.
Policeman allegedly opened fire during an argument over the price of a cup of tea. Angry protesters overturn a police vehicle while chanting "the police are thugs" Egypt has seen a series of allegations of police brutality in recent months, stoking public anger. The policeman has been arrested and the case referred to prosecutors.
Martin Shkreli's drug company Turing Pharmaceuticals bought the rights to 62-year old drug Daraprim and increased the price per pill from $13.50 to $750. The original increase sparked outrage on social media and among politicians. In September Turing promised to reduce the price.
Derby beat Brentford 3-1 in the Championship on Saturday. It was the Rams' first win in eight games. Martin came off the bench to score his second goal in 19 games. The 27-year-old says it is not a time to celebrate.
The 777-200 was carrying 294 passengers from Paris to Vancouver. It was diverted to Glasgow Prestwick after taking off at 10:57 on Saturday. Air France said the plane landed "normally" at 13:20 local time. It added that it had sent a second aircraft to Prestwick to fly the passengers back.
Thousands of children have been examined every 10 years since 1973. A third of children in Wales were said to have good oral health overall. But around 70% of them reported problems with their teeth. Decay was found in 41% of five-year-old children in their primary teeth.
A weaker pound makes UK-produced goods cheaper in overseas markets. Cross-border shopping has also benefited, sending retail sales to their highest level in more than two years. HM Revenue and Customs data for the 12 months to September shows a 6% rise in the value of exports to £7.4bn.
Public consultation has opened on the new proposals for Jackson's Row. The former Manchester United stars put the project on hold following criticism. Historic England said the revised proposals had the potential to "enhance" the area's character "rather than dominate it" The developers said work could start by spring or early summer 2018, subject to planning approval.
The incident happened on the A630 Sheffield Road just outside Conisborough, near Doncaster, at 17:00 BST on Saturday. South Yorkshire Police said officers were called to the scene after reports that a motorbike had left the road. The force is appealing for any witnesses to contact them.
The 50-year-old Dubliner won two league titles with the Crues in 1995 and 1997. He replaces Kieran Harding, who quit last month after Carrick lost seven of their opening nine games. The defender played for Shelbourne, St Patrick's Athletic and English clubs Stoke City, Oldham, Crewe and Preston.
Jay Bell, 23, from Mayfield in Dalkeith, admitted to two charges. The baby suffered brain bleeding, retinal haemorrhages and a broken rib and ankle. Bell took about five months to reveal what had happened to the child. He has shown remorse and is having "extreme difficulty" coming to terms with it.
Edmund backed up two wins in qualifying with a 6-3 6-2 victory over world number 73 Garcia-Lopez in Beijing. The 21-year-old from Yorkshire, ranked 54th, goes on to face another Spaniard, Roberto Bautista Agut. Second seed Murray will play Italian Andreas Seppi in his opening match.
The 15-year-old has not been seen since about 18:00 GMT on Friday. Two men, aged 27 and 28, were arrested on Monday on suspicion of kidnap. They have now been re-arrested and are being treated as suspects of murder.
The unfancied Blues were galvanised from the outset, and took the lead after 12 minutes when Elliott Durrell netted with a stunning volley from 25 yards. John Still's men were still reeling when Theo Vassell slid a superb ball through to Tom Shaw, and the midfielder bided his time before smashing past Elliot Justham. An inspired Chester pushed on and Johnny Hunt whipped in a cross for James Alabi to head in and crown a fine night.
Ryan Bird has signed a one-year deal with an option of a further year. The 29-year-old scored six goals in 19 appearances for the League Two side last season. Tobi Sho-Silva and Connor Essam are Kinnear's seventh and eighth summer signings.
BBC News analysis of voting patterns in 2,500 council wards since 2012 shows wide disparities. Most of the areas where the fewest people voted in recent elections are in the North. Electoral Reform Society said it was vital people turned out to vote. Campaigners are concerned there will be a low turnout again on Thursday 5 May if voters see local authority elections as "less important" than a General Election.
The 23-year-old back will leave Bristol at the end of the season in May. Newport Gwent Dragons were also keen to sign Morgan, who can play at full-back or fly-half. He is in his second season at Bristol and has scored 167 points in 28 appearances for the Championship side.
The 23-year-old midfielder was signed a year ago after being released by Hull City. Henderson played only one first-team game during his year at Hull and was loaned out to Stevenage. Crawley manager Mark Yates: "This is a fresh start for Conor"
Crouch's deal at the Britannia Stadium expires at the end of the season. The striker has scored 29 goals in 117 Premier League games for the Potters. Stoke could be stretched by Mame Biram Diouf leaving to play for Senegal in the Africa Cup of Nations and Bojan's hamstring injury.
Warhol began his series of silk-screen portraits of Mao in 1972. Based on a photo in Mao's Little Red Book, the portrait series is among the most famous images of the 20th Century. The auction of this work is expected to fetch as much as $15m (£12.1m)
The partially-underground house was labelled a "Teletubbies" home because of its petal-shaped design. The planning committee approved the development by 12 votes to nine. The application will now be referred to the Government Office for the North West for consideration.
The original film saw Tom Hanks play a man saved from drowning as a boy by a mermaid, whom he meets 20 years later. Tatum - who will presumably be a merman - is set to co-star with Jillian Bell. They starred in 2014's undercover cop comedy film 22 Jump Street, which topped the box office.
Ms Johnson flew a De Havilland Gipsy Moth airplane from the UK to Australia in 1930 - becoming the first woman to do so. The 37-year-old died in mysterious circumstances during World War Two when the RAF plane she was transporting crashed in the Thames Estuary.
Philip Hammond said he would review economic data over the coming months. He added that the Treasury will act "if we deem it necessary to do so" Labour's shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, dismissed Mr Hammond's plan as "just warm words from another Tory chancellor"
London's first Lumiere festival will take place from 14-17 January. Illuminations will be projected at 20 locations in the West End and Kings Cross. The Durham version has been running since 2009 and attracted 175,000 people in 2013. Mayor Boris Johnson said it would be "a dazzling new festival for the capital"
The game came to life in the second quarter with Tom Grambusch and Marco Miltkau netting for the hosts. Ireland hit back quickly through Shane O'Donoghue's close-range finish and Alan Southern swept into the German net to level on 30 minutes.Eugene Magee finished a fine team move to make it 3-2 before Sean Murray tapped in to seal victory.
Isle of Wight Council tried to fine Jon Platt Â£120 for taking his daughter to Florida during the school term. But magistrates backed the father, so the council appealed to the High Court, which again ruled in Mr Platt's favour. The Department for Education is meeting the council's legal costs.
Jessica Chisnall, 15, was hit by the bike on Ashton's Green Drive in St Helens. She suffered a severe head injury which resulted in bleeding on the brain. Her parents, Carl and Sara, said their "smiling, laughing" daughter had "a long road to recovery"
Former Staff Sgt Clinton Romesha, 31, led a battle against hundreds of Taliban fighters four years ago. About 50 US soldiers were at Combat Outpost Keating near Pakistan when it was almost overrun by insurgents. He is the fourth living veteran of Afghanistan or Iraq to receive America's highest military award.
Leave Means Leave wants to combine the Australian points-based system with plans for work permits after the UK has left the EU. The report is authored by independent MEP Steven Woolfe, who quit UKIP following an altercation with a colleague that left him in hospital. Mr Woolfe will say: "We need an immigration system that is fair, flexible and forward-thinking"
One person has been arrested in relation to the incident, British Transport Police say. The station was closed for more than half an hour until the smoke cleared. The area is now safe and the fire alarms have been reset, with the station reopening just before 16:00 BST.
Seonaid, 21, won the 50m rifle three positions event with an accumulated score of 458.5. Jennifer, 26, won gold in the50m rifle prone event on Monday. She also featured in Thursday's three position event, as Great Britain took overall team gold. Jennifer finished fifth in the event.
MPs question Bank of England's handling of the EU referendum. Carney says the Bank's actions have helped the economy. The Bank cut interest rates to a record low of 0.25% in July. The move is expected to boost the economy by £1.5bn.
British sliders have won medals at all six Olympics in which the sport has featured. Team GB can boast back-to-back Olympic champions in Shelley Rudman and Amy Williams. The sport evolved in the Swiss resort of St Moritz in the late 19th century. Britain does not have its own ice track but does have an impressive 140m push-start facility.
The flyweight voiced her frustration with two-minute rounds after beating Virginia Carcamo last month. Adams, 34, says the extra minute in each round will give her a chance to try out things she has learnt in the gym. On the same card, WBC international featherweight champion Josh Warrington defends his title against Spain's Kiko Martinez.
The 32-year-old recorded a time of 34.259 seconds in Szeged. Frenchman Maxime Beaumont was second, pipped on the line by Heath. Jon Schofield, Heath's partner and fellow Rio Olympic silver medallist in the K2 200m, finished ninth.
Ellan Vannin beat Felvidek 3-1 in the final of the ConIFA European Football Cup. Ciaran McNulty, Sam Caine and Conor Doyle scored for the Isle of Man. A team spokesman said it was a "golden chance which they took"
Bristol City Council said it will continue to partly lease the Albion Dockyard. The final boat, 'Forth Hope', will set sail for Edinburgh on Wednesday. Two firms will continue building smaller boats in the city. The dockyard has been in operation since 1820.
A review of homes in Wales said they were seen as places of "irreversible decline" where residents were unable to do things that matter to them. The report was published by the Older People's Commissioner for Wales. Welsh government said it was already taking action on issues raised in the report, A Place to Call Home?
Ministers are to increase the maximum discount from £16,000 to £75,000. They hope it will persuade more tenants and mortgage lenders to get involved. But housing charity Shelter says the plans risk diminishing the stock of "genuinely affordable" social housing. It says plans could saddle low-income families with mortgage debts they cannot afford.
Since 2010 the number of cases among Londoners has risen by 163%, with 90% of those reported in 2015 among men who have sex with men. Public Health England said people were "putting themselves at risk through unsafe sex" Syphilis is a bacterial infection that initially causes highly infectious sores but can go on to cause serious conditions such as heart problems.
Victim suffered serious injuries after he was attacked at a house in Bonnyrigg. He was taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, where he later died. The arrested man is due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday. He is believed to have suffered stab wounds in the attack.
The 29-year-old was a free agent after leaving Notts County in January. Foster joined Portsmouth in May 2015 alongside manager Paul Cook and assistant Leam Richardson having previously held a similar role at Coventry City. The Ghana-born player represented Belgium at youth level and has also played for Ferencvaros in Hungary.
Brazil succeeded Philippe Montanier following the Frenchman's sacking on 14 January. The 54-year-old's only game in charge saw him oversee the 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Saturday. Forest are 19th in Championship table and just five points above the relegation zone.
Injured possums, koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been arriving at animal rescue centres. A charity called IFAW appealed for the public to sew tiny mittens. They received enough to last them for a year. Once they're better they will be released back to the wild.
Figures for England, Wales and Northern Ireland showed more than a quarter of cases were not picked up within the required 24 hours after birth. A cleft palate is a gap in the roof of the mouth leading to difficulties sucking adequately and trouble feeding. National guidelines say the problem should be diagnosed within 24 hours of birth.
Lesley Leake, Karen McGee and Marice Hall went on strike in September. They claimed their pay had been cut after the contract switched from Wakefield Council to C&D Cleaning. The company confirmed to the Guardian the trio had had their employment terminated. Labour MP Jon Trickett said: "With only days till Christmas it looks like Scrooge has been brought back to life from Victorian times"
The 34-year-old will sign a permanent deal until the end of the season in January. He previously spent two years at Bootham Crescent, scoring 14 league goals in 64 league games between 2002 and 2004 before joining Macclesfield. Parkin is likely to go straight into the Minstermen's team for Saturday's trip to Tranmere.
Labour leader promises to expand bus services to areas not currently covered. Pledges to give councils franchising powers over their bus networks. Also wants to bring railways back into public ownership to fix 'transport nightmare' Owen Smith's campaign says all of Mr Corbyn's proposals are already Labour policy.
Canadian team concluded that sticking to a diet was more important than the diet itself. The range of diets covered included Atkins, South Beach, Zone, Biggest Loser, Jenny Craig, Nutrisystem, Volumetrics, Weight Watchers, Ornish and Rosemary Conley.
Lawyer Amanda Telfer, 43, died when three frames fell on her as she walked past a building site in London. Kelvin Adsett, 64, from Slough, was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence, following a six-week trial at the Old Bailey.Damian Lakin-Hall, 50, from Cobham, Surrey, found also guilty of the same charge but acquitted of Ms Telfer's manslaughter.
Nobbs has won two league titles, three FA Cups and four Continental Cups during her time in north London. The 23-year-old has won 24 international caps and helped England finish third at the World Cup in Canada last summer. Arsenal Ladies have not disclosed the length of Nobbs' new deal.
Wigan beat Brisbane Broncos 24-16 to win the World Club Series. It was the first time the two sides had met in the competition since the 1990s. Wigan have won the series three times in a row, the last time in 2002. The next match is on Saturday, May 26, when Wigan host the Broncos at Old Trafford.
The decision to dedicate part of the radio spectrum to a global flight tracking system was taken at a UN conference in Geneva on Wednesday. Representatives from more than 160 countries decided to set aside a radio frequency for the satellite tracking of planes at the World Radiocommunication Conference. The deal will enable satellites to receive transmissions that aircraft currently only send to other aircraft and to ground stations.
China reportedly said that it still banned trade in tiger bones. Wildlife conservation organisations have long demanded an end to the trade in skins. Between 5,000 and 6,000 tigers are believed to be in captivity in China. Wildlife experts believe "tiger farming" in China has fuelled demand for the poaching and trafficking.
EY Item Club think tank predicts the economy will grow 1.9% this year. It expects inflation to jump to 2.6% next year before easing back to 1.8% in 2018. Growth in consumer spending to slow from an expected 2.5% to 0.5%. Business investment is also forecast to fall due to uncertainty.
Craig Hughes, 33, of Flint, was arrested by North Wales Police in August after he chatted online with the Hope Line Crisis Centre in Tennessee. The threats were made on two occasions, late at night, while Hughes was drunk. Hughes admitted two charges at Mold Crown Court on Friday and will be sentenced next week.
Highlands and Islands Airports Limited said the flights would allow people to spend a full day in the Netherlands before returning home. It is the latest addition from KLM since it started Inverness-Amsterdam flights last year. The 06:00 weekday flight from the Highlands airport and an evening flight from Schiphol.
Rob Kearney, Josh van der Flier and Zane Kirchner crossed to cancel out scores from Seymour and Tim Swinson. Seymour then lacerated Leinster with three predatory strikes after the break. The bonus-point win sees Warriors level on points with Pro12 leaders Ospreys.
Gwynedd Council says it would support the development, but the Snowdonia Society is opposed to the impact it could have on the wider national park. Six of the locations under consideration are in Scotland and one in England. The UK Department for Transport expects to the publish a response to its consultation later in the year.
Arcade Fire, Blondie and Chvrches among the acts performing on Friday night. Rudimental forced to abandon planned encore due to lightning. Lily Allen dedicates expletive-laden song to FIFA president Sepp Blatter. The music continues on Saturday with Jake Bugg, Clean Manic Manic Street Preachers and Jack White.
The tournament starts on 26 June next year, with Lord's hosting the final on 23 July. It will be the first time that the tournament has been held in England since 1993, when the home side beat New Zealand in the final at Lord's. The tournament will feature eight teams and will be played in a round-robin format.
At least five members of an oil exploration team were killed, a spokesman for the University of Maiduguri said. Soldiers and members of a vigilante group also died in the ambush. Details of what happened remain unclear, with initial reports from the army suggesting the abducted geologists and surveyors had been rescued.
Lally became a household name in Ireland for his role as Miley Byrne in the RTE soap opera Glenroe. He also appeared in the Hollywood movie Alexander and provided the voice for the Oscar-nominated, animated Irish film, The Secret of Kells. He is survived by his wife Peggy and their children Saileog, Darach and Maghnus.
Robson added 56 to his overnight score to reach 231, as Middlesex moved from 317-4 to 452 all out, backed by John Simpson's 52. Steven Finn got two wickets on his first competitive appearance since England's third Test against South Africa in January. Jonathan Trott and Varun Chopra saw the Bears to 146-4 by the early close.
40% of coral has died at the Dongsha Atoll in the South China Sea. Experts say the high water temperatures of 2015/16 were devastating for reef systems globally, including Dongsha. The Australian government confirmed in March that widespread coral bleaching is happening on the Great Barrier Reef for the fourth time in history.
On Monday morning, all major European markets had fallen into negative territory, joined by US stocks. He said that the head of the country that is "painful" but the best that could have been under the circumstances, he said. On Tuesday, all others will reopen on Tuesday after being closed for more than a week, he added.
Ian Toothill has raised almost £31,500 ($40,600) for Macmillan. The 47-year-old personal trainer was diagnosed with bowel cancer in June 2015. He was told in early 2016 that he had beaten the disease, but later found out it had returned. He said he has been told he has "just several months left to live"
Groups who use the hall in Llanwinio said they would hand in their keys. The Diocese of St Davids said as a charity it was "obliged by law" to charge market-value rent. Peter Walton, from the association that runs the hall described the changes as "unreasonable and unfair"
Adrian Evans, 44, from Tipton, died along with his father, Patrick Evans, 78, and nephew Joel Richards, 19, from Wednesbury. Prime Minister David Cameron has led tributes in Parliament to the family. Walsall FC changed the main image on its social media accounts to a photograph showing the three outside Wembley Stadium.
Inspectors said children were well-motivated but more able pupils were not challenged enough. Welsh government said it was working with local authorities and schools over the delivery of science. Report found teaching was good or better in the majority of lessons. But it said some teachers did not have a secure enough grasp of scientific principles.
Tayyib Rashid, a former Muslim marine, pledged: "If your synagogue or Jewish cemetery needs someone to stand guard, count me in" His now-viral tweet that has been "liked" by 12,000 supporters prompted an overwhelming number of responses from Jewish Twitter users. Emmy Award-winning TV Broadcaster Momin Bhatti took to social media to pledge their support.
Jason Bryden, 38, was repeatedly stabbed at his home in Kilmarnock. James Clark, 36, was jailed for 22 years after being convicted of murder. His brother John was sentenced to 10 years for the lesser charge of culpable homicide. Judge Bill Dunlop told the brothers they had carried out "a merciless, relentless and savage attack"
Singer had to restart his first song three times and his second song once. He's already cancelled a series of shows this year due to 'production delays' But he returned to the stage at Northside in Denmark on Friday and then in Manchester two days later. He ended up performing for one hour 15 minutes.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season. Assistant boss David Weir and sporting director Frank McParland will also leave. The Bees are currently seventh in the Championship table. Club owner Matthew Benham says he will explain the situation in due course.
Jerome Lavrilleux said the former president was not aware of the "slip" It comes after a lawyer for an event organiser accused the UMP of ordering fake invoices. Reports say the scandal could damage the party and complicate any efforts by Mr Sarkozy to be re-elected.
Cuba is less than 100 miles away from the US, but the two counties fell out in 1959. No American president has visited since then. The fall out was because two brothers called Fidel and Raul Castro took power in a revolution. Since being president, Obama has tried to make America's relationship with Cuba more friendly.
The fire started on the deck of the vessel St Faith during the 09:00 GMT sailing from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight. The firm said the fire, in a "non-passenger area", was extinguished by the crew within minutes and none of the 65 people onboard were injured.
Craig Rodger, 25, was hit by a Porsche as he crossed Wilbraham Road in Chorlton, Manchester, in March 2014. Mohammed Basit Chaudhry was accused of causing death by dangerous driving but died in Dubai the following year. Omayr, 33, and Rehman, 28, both admitted conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
Advert for invisible deodorant posted on Nivea's Middle East Facebook page. It said: "Keep it clean, keep it bright. Don't let anything ruin it" Many on social media complained the post was racist. But it was also widely-shared among alt-right users.
Leon Legge scored the only goal of the game after 29 minutes. Luke Berry almost made it 2-0 six minutes before half-time. Exeter spurned a glorious chance to go ahead when Joel Grant blazed over. Will Norris made another critical save to parry a header from the unmarked David Wheeler to preserve the lead.
The 33-year-old is Wales' most-capped number nine, playing in 94 Tests. Phillips joined Racing in 2013 following spells with Bayonne, Ospreys, Cardiff Blues and Scarlets. He won the Six Nations with Wales on three occasions, including the Grand Slam successes of 2008 and 2012.
UK team processing satellite images to show how rocks in a belt that stretches from Europe's Alps to China are slowly accumulating strain. Movements on the scale of just millimetres per year are being sought. New maps are being made available to help researchers produce more robust assessments of seismic hazard.
"I have just been to see Her Majesty the Queen and I will now form a majority Conservative government" "I truly believe we are on the brink of something special in our country. We can make Britain a place where a good life is in reach for everyone" "The government I led did important work. It laid the foundations for a better future and now we must build on them"
Sarah Taylor top-scored for England with 66 from 52 balls. South Africa reached 145-3 when the match was called off due to rain. England had never lost a T20 to South Africa before this match. England lost two wickets to run-outs in the final over in which they scored just four runs.
Nathan Gill attacked Neil Hamilton for offering support on the £1.1bn M4 relief road. Mr Gill denies it was the group's view, but Mr Hamilton said his colleague was late for the meeting where it was agreed. UKIP has handed out spokespeople roles to all of its AMs - with the exception of Mr Gill.
Flight EZY6238 was carrying 170 passengers from Berlin to Bristol. It was diverted to Amsterdam's Schiphol airport as a "precautionary measure" Some passengers reported the smell of smoke in the cabin. A replacement Easyjet aircraft was organised to carry passengers onto Bristol.
Compared with other European countries, many apprenticeships are low quality and too short, the Sutton Trust warns. It says thousands of apprenticeships should be created to boost the economy and improve youngsters' job prospects. Department for Education: "We are already radically reforming apprenticeships to drive up standards"
Innogy Renewables UK Ltd had been proposing a hydroelectric scheme on the River Conwy, near Betws y Coed in Snowdonia National Park. But on Wednesday it said it had decided to shelve the Conwy Falls project. The project, providing power to 3,200 households, attracted opposition from environmentalists.
Four were convicted after trial, while six others pleaded guilty to their part in the conspiracy from 2013-2014. Most was found inside a speaker and a suitcase in a car stopped on the M5, while a smaller amount was discovered in the footwell of a taxi in Newport.
The 20-year-old had "cardiac arrhythmias" during the game against Werder Bremen. Ajax say the chances of recovery from the damage is nil. Former Manchester United goalkeeper Edwin van der Sar said: "This is the worst possible message. It is terrible"
West Belfast has some of the highest levels of deprivation in the UK. The Falls Women's Centre runs services aimed at breaking the cycle of poverty. Staff and users say recent cuts have hit the centre hard, and the doubt over welfare is causing more anxiety in the community. There are more than a dozen food banks in Northern Ireland.
The Italian top flight is one of the leagues trialling VAR this season. Juventus beat Genoa 4-2 on Saturday with both sides having penalties awarded. Juventus keeper Buffon: "It's something which, if used sparingly, could give us excellent results and be a good thing"
The Redditch-based Sigma Financial Group has opened an office in Priory Queensway, in the city. About 200 staff will be recruited by the end of this year with a further 500 expected by 2017, the firm has said."Roles will be spread across middle and senior management, contact centre staff and specialist commercial and finance jobs," it said.
The former prime minister is due to stand down within the next couple of years. Mr Cameron has been criticised for his handling of the crisis in Libya. He has also been accused of being too slow to respond to the threat of terrorism in the Middle East and North Africa, and of not doing enough to stop the spread of disease.
The official Team GB and Paralympics GB single will go on sale the same day. The original track, based around one of Brian May's most recognisable riffs, was a top 10 hit for Queen in 1985. Walsh and Boe will debut their version of the classic Queen track on 11 May at London's Royal Albert Hall.
One Direction, an English-Irish boy band, is particularly popular. For most of November, the top hashtags trending in Russia either directly referenced One Direction or were promoted by the band's fans. There was only one day in November when the top hashtag had anything to do with the day's news in Russia.
Lennon is a proven manager, at least in terms of building a first-team and motivating them to success. Hibs are ready to be guided forward, not waiting to be rescued. Lennon can rely on consistently assured performances from the likes of David Gray, Darren McGregor, Paul Hanlon, Lewis Stevenson, John McGinn, Fraser Fyvie, James Keatings and Jason Cummings.
Chedjou has opted to join Istanbul Basaksehir from Galatasaray. The 31-year-old centre-back made 119 appearances and scored 12 goals for the Turkish giants during a four-year stint. He won an unprecedented three straight Turkish FA Cup titles in 2014, 2015 and 2016 as well as three Turkish Super Cup in 2013, 2014 and 2016.
Livingston and its surrounding towns often acts as feeders for Edinburgh. For years this was a party heartland which was home to big beasts like Tam Dalyell and Robin Cook. But much has changed here. The mines are closed, the economy is now focussed on some remnants of small industry.
Draft Investigatory Powers Bill would place a legal duty on internet providers to assist in hacking devices. But it would not be restricted to phones and PCs, a tech industry chief told MPs. Antony Walker, of techUK, said anything that connected to the internet could "in theory" be hacked into.
Myanmar has been engaged in armed conflict with various ethnic and other groups seeking greater autonomy since independence from the British in 1948. The violence has left tens of thousands dead over the years, displaced hundreds of thousands more. The government hopes Thursday's deal will be the first step on a path to a lasting political settlement.
The aircraft were allegedly smuggling drugs from Central America. They refused to follow the military pilots' orders. Another plane allegedly tried to evade the authorities by trying to land on an illegal airstrip in the jungle. The two incidents suggest the Venezuelan government is stepping up its efforts to prevent drug-trafficking flights over its airspace.
30% of parents suffer anxiety or depression in the first year after their baby's birth. The funding announcement comes as a conference on developing perinatal mental health services was being held in Cardiff. Health Minister Mark Drakeford said: "It's vital that we support mental wellbeing before, during and after pregnancy"
ZTE Corp illegally shipped US-made equipment to Iran in violation of US sanctions. It also sent goods to North Korea without the correct export licences. US said ZTE lied to authorities and its own lawyer about the violations. It must now pay a $892m (Â£740m) penalty as well as $300m which will be suspended for seven years depending on the firm meeting certain conditions.
There were 69 claims against peacekeepers in 2015, up from 52 in 2014 was 66 in 2013. Almost a third of the 2015 claims were made in the Central African Republic. For the first time, the report has also set out all the countries whose soldiers are reportedly involved under a new "name-and-shame" policy.
Robert Kerr, 39, inflicted 76 wounds on 39-year-old Xin Xin Liu. Crown accepted his plea to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility. It emerged he suffered "an abnormality of the mind" Kerr will remain at the State Hospital under an interim compulsion order.
Mali has a population of about 2.5 million people. The majority of the population live in the north of the country. The north is home to a large number of Al Qaeda-linked groups. The Al Qaeda in the North of Africa (AINA) is a terrorist organisation. AINA was formed in 1998 to fight the Al Qaeda.
President Xi pledges to limit greenhouse gas emissions. Obama says any escalation in China's alleged cybercrimes against the US would prompt sanctions. Both countries deny taking part in the cybertheft of commercial secrets. The deal covers the theft of trade secrets but not national security information.
Torrential rain overnight left many roads impassable, while rail services were cancelled or delayed. Firefighters rescued drivers from stranded vehicles in Great Alne, Wolston, Baginton and Princethorpe. Flood warnings at the River Dene at Walton, River Sherbourne at Allesley, River Stour at Mitford Bridge and Tredington.
It is not known how the swan got trapped on the rooftop of Agatha's Boutique. It could not fly off as it did not have enough space to take enough of a run up. RSPCA spokeswoman: "Happily we were able to rescue this swan and release it"
Former party leader Nick Clegg called her comments "utter cheek" "It is Theresa May's extreme version of Brexit which will cause real damage to the NHS," he added. PM gave a speech earlier on Tuesday in which she stressed that she was the best person to lead talks on leaving the EU.
Celtic beat Inverness 3-0 at the Caledonian Stadium. Scott Sinclair, Leigh Griffiths and Tom Rogic on target. Greg Tansey sent off for Caley Thistle in second half. Mikael Lustig and Scott Brown both forced off with injuries.
Executive producer Al Jean said Shearer had turned down a new pay deal. The show "will go on" and the actor's characters will be recast, Jean added. Shearer took to Twitter to say the decision "wasn't about money" The 71-year-old provided the voice for addled school principal Seymour Skinner.
Treasury says abolishing the grants, or bursaries, will allow many more nurses to be trained. But a Royal College of Nursing survey claims two-thirds of nurses wouldn't have studied nursing without them. They say it would make an existing staff shortage even worse.
Yakka Skink and Ornamental Snake are among Australia's most threatened species. Federal Court of Australia overturned approval for Queensland coal mine. Mine may still go ahead but the delay is the latest chapter in a long history of Australian flora and fauna causing grief to developers.
She says every female athlete she knows has had an abortion. "There is a brokenness there," she says. "I feel bad because I think people misinterpreted when I said 'everyone I know' I don't know how to explain it to people." "I want to see the IAAF do everything they can to make sure the sport is clean," she adds.
The EU's negotiating guidelines call for a "flexible and creative" approach to the customs issue. The UK and Irish governments have both said they do not want a return to customs posts on the border after the UK leave the EU. Tony Blair warned that a hard border on the island would be a "disaster"
Stewart Hosie will take part in a half-hour webcast in which he will answer your questions. If you have something to ask Mr Hosie, email newsonlinescotland@bbc.co.ukPlease put "webchat questions" in the message field of your email.
Jumbo was speaking to a Labour Party inquiry into access and diversity. She said she would love to find a job in Britain, but has had to take roles in the USA. The 31-year-old compared her experience with US drama The Good Fight and its predecessor The Good Wife with her role in ITV drama Vera.
New grammars are likely to help "only a small proportion" of poorest pupils, says Royal Society. Government consultation on plans for more selective education closed earlier this month. Researchers found free school meals pupils performed less well in GCSE maths in areas where there were selective schools.
Anscombe has been out since December with a groin injury. The 25-year-old has also suffered hip and ankle injuries since arriving at the Blues. Anscombe has made nine Wales appearances and has a dual contract with the Blues and the Welsh Rugby Union that finishes at the end of the current season.
The iPhone was unveiled in San Francisco in January 2007. It was the beginning of the mobile connected era. The smartphone has been the key transformative technology of the last decade. The iPhone radically changed the way we thought about photography and a whole range of other activities we could now do on the move.
Up to 2,000 jobs are expected to be based at the 24-acre site by 2020. The complex will include a £58m "urban sciences" facility. It will house Newcastle University's School of Computing Science. The project has also received funding from the European Union Regional Development Fund and the Regional Growth Fund.
Yorkshire Diamonds will start their 2017 Super League campaign with a Roses game against Lancashire Thunder on 11 August. The two sides won only one game each in the round-robin group stage of the inaugural competition last summer. Grayson replaces Richard Pyrah as Diamonds boss, with the latter to assist new Yorkshire head coach Andrew Gale.
Sweeney, 20, made 16 appearances for Rovers during a loan spell last season. Telford, also 20, moved to Stoke from Blackpool in July 2015. The Gas begin their season on Saturday with a trip to The Valley to face Charlton Athletic. Manager Darrell Clarke said: "I am looking forward to working with both of them"
Consumer Prices Index (CPI) rises to 0.1%, up from -0.1% in April. Biggest contribution to the rise came from transport, notably air fares. In April, CPI inflation turned negative for the first time since 1960. Bank of England governor Mark Carney expects inflation to remain low in the short term.
Plaid Cymru leader urges voters not to vote for UKIP in May's election. She says the party needs to do more to create jobs in Wales. But she says she doesn't agree with the party's plan to cut the top rate of tax. She adds that the party is not yet in a position to make such a decision.
The 25-year-old dived at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and 2009 World Championship. She won a bronze medal at the 2009 European Diving Championship in Turin. Graddon cites 2008 as the best year of her career as a diver. She says her biggest regret is never being selected for an Olympics.
The trains had come from Bakersfield and Los Angeles. They collided near Oakland Station at around 2200 local (0500 GMT Thursday) A fire official said one train had been stationary and the other was travelling at 15mph (24kph) Most of the injuries were minor, but several people had been taken to hospital.
The Pirate Bay is one of the internet's most-visited websites. It provides links to pirated content. The website was taken offline following a raid in Sweden in December. A message from "Winston" on the newly-relaunched site reads: "So, first we ditched the trackers. Then we left the servers to enter the clouds"
All kick-offs 15:00 BST unless otherwise stated. Everton v Bournemouth, Newcastle v Crystal Palace, Stoke v Sunderland, Watford v Aston Villa, West Brom v West Ham. Arsenal v Norwich (17:30 BST) West Ham v Arsenal (19:00)
New study shows the limit will be breached over land, even if emissions of warming gases ceased immediately. Around 180 countries have so far signed the Paris climate agreement in which they pledged not only to limit the global temperature rise to "well below" 2C but to do their best to keep them to 1.5C.
There were 297 convictions last year in Wales, a rise of 20%, the RSPCA said. The charity said the economic downturn was probably still partly to blame with some people unable to look after pets. The 100% conviction rate was up from 97.8%. The number of animals rescued or collected also more than doubled.
Vicky Cherry, 44, had been missing for 15 months when police found her body. Andrew Reade, 43, admitted preventing the lawful burial of a body and perverting the course of justice. He was sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to four years and four months in jail.
The Blues started their title defence with a 2-0 win over Carrick while Ards were beaten 6-3 by the Reds. Crusaders began their bid for a third Gibson Cup success in four seasons by defeating Ballymena United 4-1 at the Showgrounds on Friday night. Paul Heatley bagged a double and the winger is upbeat for a Seaview meeting with Warrenpoint Town.
Banks should have more money in reserve to deal with a future crisis, says Lord Tebbit. He says the world's banks are not as strong as they appear to be. They have borrowed money and lent it to people who couldn't afford to pay it back, he says.
Ingram has signed a two-year contract extension to play limited-overs cricket for Glamorgan. The South African international underwent knee surgery in August 2016 after injury prevented him from playing four-day Championship cricket. He has returned to the longer format in 2017, but cites family and fitness issues for wanting to reduce a hectic schedule.
Hamilton was 0.360 seconds quicker than Mercedes team-mate Rosberg. But the track was empty for the final five minutes and senior figures said the format should be rethought. Red Bull team boss Christian Horner said F1 should "apologise to the fans" Rosberg was behind both Ferraris after the first runs in the final session.
Former Chilean Football Association president Harold Mayne-Nicholls is one of five senior officials Fifa said were being investigated. The 56-year-old admitted speaking to officials from Qatar's bid about work placements for relatives at the Aspire youth academy. His ban was initially reduced on appeal to three years, but on Friday it was further cut to two.
Police and firefighters were called to the fire in Elgin Road at 16:10 on Wednesday. The body of the elderly man was found inside. His name has yet to be released. No-one else was injured in the fire, which is being investigated by police.
Images taken by Syd Shelton, from Pontefract, include pictures of The Clash, Misty in Roots and The Specials. The collection also features photos taken at the Rock Against Racism Carnival at Victoria Park, Hackney. The show runs from Friday to 3 September at the Impression Gallery.
The 29-year-old striker arrived on Wearside last week and made his debut before his first training session in Saturday's 3-0 defeat by St Johnstone. Simon Grayson brought in Vaughan, with whom he previously worked at Huddersfield, to bolster his squad after Jermain Defoe and Fabio Borini left.
Tillerson had previously said the US should "maintain its seat at the table" on international climate conversations. But publicly he showed none of the passion demonstrated by his predecessor, John Kerry, who powered negotiations on the deal. The role of super-engaged interlocutor apparently fell to the climate change sceptic in the administration.
Real Madrid beat Barcelona 2-0 on Wednesday night to win 5-1 on aggregate. Barcelona general manager Pep Segura claims the signings of Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele are "close" Liverpool are adamant that Brazilian playmaker Coutinho will not be sold in this transfer window.
The winner will be able to spend up to £7m on TV broadcasts and advertising. Relations between the two groups have been strained amid arguments over campaign strategies and personalities. Vote Leave has been endorsed by Mr Johnson and the five Conservative Cabinet ministers who want to leave the EU. Grassroots Out is backed by senior UKIP figures as well as Conservative and Labour backbenchers.
The Forum of Imams and Ulemas says Mohamed Ould Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir, 29, should be executed. The blogger was arrested in January 2014 for an article in which he lashed out at those who use religion as a means of discrimination. The article was later taken down as it was deemed blasphemous towards the Prophet Muhammad.
Steven Conway died while working at Diamond Wheels (Dundee) Ltd. The 33-year-old was sent in to remove debris from a chemical tank. He was wearing only trainers, tracksuit bottoms and a t-shirt and fleece. The firm will be sentenced for health and safety breaches in October.
Thousands of people were at the ceremony at BAE Systems' Devonshire Dock Hall in Barrow to mark the end of the build process for Artful. The ceremony was carried out by Amanda Lady Zambellas, wife of the Royal Navy's First Sea Lord. Another four of the nuclear-powered submarines are being built at the yard.
Wales face Northern Ireland in a friendly on Thursday. Manager Coleman says wives, girlfriends and family members will be banned from Wales' team hotel during the early stages of their Euro 2016 campaign. Midfielder Joe Allen has started only three of Liverpool's Premier League games this season.
Satellite-based system does not encrypt the data passing between devices and satellites. Instead, the system attempts to conceal what it does by changing frequencies and padding transmissions with useless data. Organised crime gangs, police and intelligence agencies might already be listening in, says security expert Colby Moore.
Joan Collins was arrested at a protest against new water meters in Dublin. She tweeted: 'No I am not the Joan Collins Who was a rested (sic) yesterday At a Dublin protest meeting!!! The very idea!!" The 81-year-old actress was made a dame in the Queen's New Year's honours list last year.
Nottinghamshire Wildlife Trust said they were "surprised" as geese are normally ground nesting birds. RSPB said Egyptian geese often seen on ornamental ponds as well as gravel pits, lakes and wetlands. There are about 1,100 breeding pairs in the UK.
Vokes has signed a new deal with Burnley until the end of the 2018-19 season. The 26-year-old has been with the Clarets since joining from Wolves in July 2012. He has scored 31 goals in 137 appearances in all competitions for Burnley, with a total of 64 in 300 career games.
The stand-in captain faced 535 balls across two innings, moving from 174 not out overnight to end 219 not out in Surrey's first-innings score of 483. Ian Holland (3-37) dismissed Tom Curran (53), Amar Virdi and Mark Footitt to force the follow-on.
Southern Cross is holding a crisis meeting with landlords, lenders and government officials. Of central importance is how to ensure continuity of care for 31,000 people at the firm's 751 care homes. The biggest landlord, NHP, which owns 249 of the homes, is expected to stick with Southern Cross.
NHS England guidelines say 85% of patients should wait a maximum of 62 days to begin their first treatment following referral from their GP. But figures show this slipped to 84.4% from January to March this year. Charities Cancer Research UK and Macmillan Cancer Support both said it was a worrying sign.
New research suggests that biodiversity around the globe will be significantly impacted if temperatures rise more than 2C. But the scientists say that the losses can be reduced if rapid action is taken to curb greenhouse gases. An international team of researchers looked at the impacts of rising temperatures on nearly 50,000 common species of plants and animals.
Gatwick recorded 906 air traffic movements on one day in August, a world record for a single-runway airport. It has also boosted income from airport shopping by more than 10% to £149m by upgrading its North and South terminals. Airports Commission expected to recommend new runway capacity at either Heathrow or Gatwick later this summer.
Law firm Gowling WLG brought in to investigate alleged irregularities in the sale of former Sandwell Council properties. Mr Hussain, now suspended by Labour, denies any wrongdoing. The report was published after legal action by "one of the parties named", the council said. The next step is to refer allegations to the council's internal disciplinary committee.
Arsenal will play Chelsea in the Community Shield at Wembley on 6 August. The match will raise money for the victims of the Grenfell Tower disaster. The EFL will also be donating £175,000 to the cause. The victims' families will be invited to the game.
Hospitals in rebel-held Aleppo are "overwhelmed with wounded people" Supplies of medicine and blood are running low, as a three-week siege begins to have an impact. An air strike on a pumping station has also left many areas without water. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights has documented the deaths of 248 people.
John Biggadike died when he fell while in the hoist and was impaled on a metal post. The prosecution alleged hospital staff were not adequately trained. United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust denies breaching health and safety regulations. The trial at Lincoln Crown Court continues.
Cardinal Keith O'Brien, leader of the Roman Catholic Church in Scotland, urged Christians to wear a cross to symbolise their beliefs. The Queen and Duke of Edinburgh have attended traditional Easter Sunday service at Windsor Castle. Dr Williams said it was the wrong time to "downgrade the status and professional excellence" of religious education in schools.
Two dogs died as the fire spread from one house to the next. It took 35 minutes to bring the fire under control. Police say they are not treating the fire as suspicious. The fire was caused by an oil tank that had been left unattended. It spread to six other houses and some fencing.
Oxfordshire County Council wants to create one council to run all services. But the five district councils want a mayor to get more money from Whitehall. Residents are being asked for their views before the final proposal is considered by the county council's cabinet on 14 March.
MacDonald made 67 league appearances for Torquay after signing in 2014. The 23-year-old former England Under-19 international has also played for Reading and Wimbledon. "Our squad is young and hungry, and Angus fits that mould perfectly," head coach Paul Heckingbottom said.
First results since radical changes to the business were brought in at the end of last year. The number of board members was cut drastically, while directors had to have qualifications suited to running the business. The business recorded a deficit of Â£2.5bn in 2013 following massive losses at the Co-operative Bank.
10 Nato warships are searching for a Russian submarine off the coast of the UK. The exercise is seen as a response to the growing threat from Russian submarines. It has also highlighted a gaping hole in Britain's own defences. For the first time, a Nato research vessel has deployed underwater unmanned vehicles or drones to help track the ocean.
Antares, built by Orbital Sciences Corp, combusted seconds after leaving the seaside launch pad at Wallops Flight Facility. The cause of the cargo ship malfunction has yet to be determined. The rocket was due to carry nearly 5,000lb (2,200kgs) of supplies to six astronauts aboard the International Space Station.
Shanique Pearson, 22, from Vauxhall, is said to have formed the shape of a weapon with her fingers and "cocked it" at Mr Vine's head. Mr Vine was riding his bicycle in Kensington, west London, on 26 August when a row occurred, Hammersmith Magistrates' Court was told.
Researchers drill into Chicxulub Crater and analyse its rocks. They show how the space impactor made the hard surface of the planet slosh back and forth like a fluid. At one stage, a mountain higher than Everest was thrown up before collapsing back into a smaller range of peaks.
Deputy Education Minister Mduduzi Manana appeared in court last week. He is accused of hitting the woman during an argument at the venue. Mr Manana has previously apologised for what he called a "shameful incident" His political party, the African National Congress, welcomed his resignation.
Ireland beat Poland 4-1 to reach the World League 3 semi-finals. Craig Fulton's side will face Wales in Saturday's final in Belfast. France and Scotland will contest the other semi-final at the same venue. Ireland coach Craig Fulton: "We maybe left three or four more goals out there"
In 2008, about 40 were recorded on the seahorse study site at South Beach in the bay. None have been spotted there since 2013.Miranda Krestovnikoff has been investigating for Inside Out and speaking to Neil Garrick-Maidment, from the Seahorse Trust.
He used rubble from the city's construction to create sculptures at the 20-acre Chandigarh Rock Garden. Mr Chand had no formal education and worked as a road inspector in the city. The rock garden was opened in 1976 and it now attracts hundreds of visitors a day.
Sutton, 58, was made British Cycling technical director in 2014. He is alleged to have used derogatory words like "wobblies" and "gimps" Former European sprint champion Jess Varnish also claimed Sutton made sexist comments towards her and told her to "go and have a baby"
Draft guidelines are still being considered by ministers and will be consulted on for 16 weeks. Justice Minister David Ford has called for clarification on some of the guidelines and said the document could lead to more confusion. Two Stormont assembly members are attempting to change the law to make it illegal to perform an abortion outside the NHS.
Exam boards have to get GCSE papers marked in time for schools and colleges to decide places on sixth-form courses. A-level papers need to be graded so universities can confirm places to potential undergraduates. In recent years, the exam season has moved from June to July to late May to June.
Zidane has been banned from coaching Real Madrid Castilla. The 42-year-old was appointed reserve team boss this summer. Real say they will "pursue every legal avenue" to overturn the ban. Zidane was named World Footballer of the Year in 1998, 2000 and 2003.
The mile-long Northern Inner Distributor Road (NIDR) now links the east of the town with the west. It was estimated in January that technical issues involving a bridge increased the cost of the £21m project by a further £10m. Somerset County Council is in a legal dispute with the contractor Carillion about the extra costs.
Maddison has provided 15 assists for Peterborough this season. The 23-year-old scored in Saturday's 2-0 win over Charlton Athletic. Posh are 11th in the Championship, eight points off the play-off places. Click here for more Peterborough news.
MSPs have called for the closure of control rooms in the north of Scotland to be delayed until after a review by HMICS. The review is due to be published in October. It follows the deaths of two people in a car crash on the M9 in Stirlingshire.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored twice as Sweden lost 4-2 on aggregate to Portugal. The Paris St-Germain striker has never scored at a World Cup finals. Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick as Portugal won the play-off. Ibrahimovic said: "It was probably the last attempt to reach the World Cup for me"
Pierre Claver Mbonimpa was shot and wounded in an apparent reprisal attack. Heavy shooting was heard in the capital, Bujumbura, on Sunday night. Prosecutor's office said the "masterminds" behind the murder of Gen Adolphe Nshimirimana were still being sought.
Modern Family star earned $43m (£32.6m) in the last 12 months. Mindy Project's Mindy Kaling is the biggest climber in this year's chart. Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco was the second-highest paid actress.
The UN has appealed for $415m (Â£270m) to help provide emergency relief. A teenage boy has been rescued alive after spending five days trapped under rubble in Kathmandu. Saturday's quake killed more than 5,500 people, and injured at least 11,000. Some 70,000 houses have been destroyed.
President Raul Castro said "attempts to destroy the revolution" would fail. It was his first public comment on the policy changes Mr Trump announced a month ago. Mr Trump has tightened restrictions on US travel to and business with the communist island. But the US embassy in Havana, re-opened by former President Barack Obama, is still operating.
Broadchurch star Tennant plays the debauched lead character in Don Juan in Soho. Patrick Marber's play - first seen in 2006 - has been updated and now includes references to US President Donald Trump and vlogging. Tennant: "The world keeps presenting itself with fresh material and we can't really resist"
The report, a summary of which was released by the Homeland Security Department, said the agency needed more plainclothes and uniformed staff. It added that the White House needed a new, taller fence. The review came after an intruder with a knife entered the building.
Nicola Sturgeon confirms talks are under way with Gibraltar. Northern Ireland could also potentially be included in the discussions. Gibraltar overwhelmingly rejected a proposal to share sovereignty with Spain in 2002. Gibraltar's status as a British Overseas Territory should not mean giving up its membership of the EU.
Members of the RMT and Aslef unions walked out on 4 January this year. Arriva said it "regretted" the disruption January's strike caused to more than 1,000 services it runs each day. The pay side of the dispute has been accepted, but AsleF previously claimed Arriva was trying to "railroad through" changes.
Paraguay suffered under decades of dictatorship until 1989. Many oppose presidential re-election. Demonstrators set fire to the Congress building last month in protest at a secret Senate vote to allow second terms. Senator say they will continue to campaign for a vote in the lower house. They argue that Paraguay is the only country in Latin America that does not allow second term.
Putin and Merkel to meet in Sochi ahead of G20 summit in July. Meeting comes at a low point in bilateral relations over Ukraine and Syria. But both sides have downplayed the prospect of major breakthroughs. US President Donald Trump is also scheduled to speak to Putin on Tuesday.
Al-Rai's capture after several days of heavy fighting secures an important supply line from Turkey for the rebels. Separately, at least 200 people are missing after an IS attack on a factory near Damascus, the government says. Workers were reportedly taken from a dormitory where they were staying on the outskirts of the town of Dumeir.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won 10-1 with a score of 50-66. He was followed by Barry Hawkins (10-1) and Stephen Maguire (6-4) in the men's final. O' Sullivan won his first match with an average score of 58-39. Hawkins won his second with an aggregate score of 70-49.
"I do not know what the future holds for the NHS in Wales," he said. "We are not there yet," he added, "and I don't think we are there yet" He added: "I don't know how long it will take to get back to where we were before"
Nearly 250 people in Wales reported suspected stalkers to police between 2012 and 2015, the Network for Surviving Stalking said. 76% of women murdered by ex-partners had been stalked by them, the charity said. The charity is launching an awareness campaign to help people identify stalking behaviour.
OECD forecasts for the shape of the "global talent pool" in 2020 show China as rapidly expanding its graduate numbers. Biggest faller is going to be the United States - down to 11% - and for the first time pushed into third place, behind India. US and the countries of the European Union combined are expected to account for little more than a quarter of young graduates.
Police hope the scheme will help reduce financial crime by spotting scams. The plan is to train every single front-facing employee of banks, building societies and Post Offices. Bank staff taking part in the trial scheme in London made 178 calls to police which resulted in 16 arrests. £1.4m has already been stopped from leaving customer accounts.
Labour needs a swing of 3.9% to oust the Conservative candidate in the west London constituency. Some residents are concerned that local services cannot support the extra residents that house building will attract. The known candidates for the 2015 General Election for Ealing Central and Acton are:Angie Bray Conservative Party, Jon Ball Liberal Democrats, Peter Florence UK Independence Party, Rupa Huq Labour Party, Tom Sharman Green Party.
Ospreys players took part in collections in Swansea and Bridgend. Olly Cracknell, De Kock Steenkamp, Dan Baker, Dafydd Howells and Sam Parry all took part. The players said it was to show their commitment to the "Osprey community"
At one stage, winds were gusting at 55 knots and winds over 48 knots are not safe for airport staff to work in. As a result, passengers on nine planes were unable to leave as it was too windy to put access steps in place. Some passengers were kept on planes for two hours, but wind speeds eventually dropped.
Marko Arnautovic is due to have a medical with West Ham in the next 48 hours. Stoke have accepted a fee in the region of £24m for the Austria international. The 28-year-old joined Stoke from Werder Bremen four years ago. He scored seven times in 35 games in all competitions last season.
Shakespeare's Globe on London's Bankside is a kind of living laboratory. Everything from the physical design of the theatre through to the individual performances is informed by the insights and research work of academics. The Globe's site beside the River Thames now has two theatres, with the opening of an indoor Jacobean theatre.
Swansea City want to increase the capacity of their ground to 40,000. The 21,000-seater ground is the second smallest in the Premier League. The club has been in talks with American owners to increase capacity. The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year.
QPR had two strong penalty claims turned down by referee Craig Pawson. Former QPR striker Ferdinand has until 18:00 GMT on 13 March to respond. The FA said it is alleged Ferdinand "used abusive and/ or insulting words and/or behaviour towards a match official in or around the tunnel area"
Barclay skippered Scarlets to a stunning semi-final win over Leinster. He says the Scarlets squad is the strongest he has seen in his five years in Llanelli. The 30-year-old says it would be a personal highlight to win the final.
The 66-year-old former paratrooper was arrested in County Antrim on Tuesday. It is understood he is being questioned over the deaths of William Nash, Michael McDaid and John Young. Thirteen people were killed when British paratroopers opened fire on a civil rights march through the city in January 1972.
Chinese media identified the stowaway as a 16-year-old boy from Sichuan. He was found on 27 May, hiding in the cargo hold of flight EK303 from Shanghai. Xinhua news agency and Chengdu Economic Daily reported the boy had said he did it because he had heard beggars in Dubai could make 470,000 yuan a month.
James Purnell said it would increase non-payment and cost the BBC £200m. Culture Secretary Maria Miller said the move should be discussed during talks to renew the BBC's charter before 2017. The BBC has previously said "legislation is a matter for the government"
The site at Knottingley, West Yorkshire is to burn fuel from refuse, industrial and commercial waste including wood. The adjoining coal-fired Ferrybridge 'C' plant is to close in March 2016. Construction is expected to begin in 2016 with about 35 permanent jobs once it is operational.
Some 10,000 black men served in the British armed forces during World War Two. Victor Brown was one of only two black men on board an oil tanker when it was torpedoed by the Nazis. He is credited with saving several lives on board and still remembers the incident vividly. Many servicemen struggled to adapt to Britain's cold climate and had to fend off racial prejudice.
Four national football associations could not agree on sending a British women's team to the Rio Games. England's Football Association had put forward the idea of sending Great Britain teams to the Olympics. Fifa said it would need the agreement of the ruling bodies in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, who were against it.
Fields have been specially ploughed for birds to get at worms and insects. The birds, which winter in Africa, return to Breckland farms in April. Breeding pair numbers have almost trebled and the RSPB has described the project as pioneering.
Former Scottish Labour leader Jack McConnell said he was "very, very angry" His predecessor Henry McLeish said Labour faced a problem of "historic, epic proportions" Ms Lamont announced her resignation in an interview with the Daily Record. She accused the UK party leadership of treating Scotland like a "branch office"
Shares in the UK technology firm surged by 45% at the open of the London Stock Exchange to 1,742.85p per share, adding £7.56bn to ARM's market value. The board of ARM is expected to recommend shareholders accept the offer - which is around a 43% premium on its closing market value on Friday.
The Lowland League champions, 3-0 up after the first leg. went further ahead through Dougie Gair's chipped finish. Cove levelled on the day through Jamie Watt, but the Highland League champions could make up the remainder deficit. Edinburgh will place League Two bottom side Shire over two legs for a place in that division.
Research by the TUC points to a significant north/south divide. Just one in 13 people blamed sickness or disability for leaving work in the south west of England. That figure rises to one in seven in the north of England, Scotland and Wales. The state pension age is set to rise to 65 for both men and women by November 2018.
University Hospital Coventry is undergoing remedial work. Trust says interim safety measures are in place during the work. Skanska, which built the hospital under a private finance initiative (PFI) scheme, declined to comment. Meanwhile, steps are being taken to strengthen fire safety including additional patrols and increasing rubbish collections.
A bomb exploded after being thrown at Coalisland police station in 1997. The 37-year-old man has been charged with causing an explosion. He is due to appear at Dungannon Magistrates' Court on Wednesday. He has been released on bail until a later date.
The stamps are designed by comic book artist John Higgins. They feature scenes from the start, spread and aftermath of the Great Fire. The fire raged across the city from 2 to 5 September 1666. More than 13,000 houses and 87 churches were destroyed in the blaze.
Carphone Warehouse says the data could include names, addresses, dates of birth and bank details. The retailer's owner, Dixons Carphone, has apologised for the attack and said additional security measures have been brought in. The affected division of the company operates the websites OneStopPhoneShop, e2save.com and Mobiles.co.uk.
Pilates spent about three and a half years interned at the Knockaloe camp. The camp was designed to hold about 23,000 people. Organisers recreated that figure for the one-off 45-minute class. The class was inspired by a postcard depicting internees putting on a Pilates display.
Rachel Fee, 31, and her partner Nyomi Fee, 28, are accused of murdering the two-year-old in March 2014 at a house near Glenrothes, Fife. The 12-minute video showed Liam lying on the floor of his bedroom in his pyjamas, covered in a duvet. The two women deny all the charges against them.
Hospital, ambulance and mental health trusts were already £2.2bn in the red. The figures account for about two-thirds of the entire £116bn health budget. Department of Health could still balance the books when overall accounts are released later in the summer. But the expected overspend still has the potential to impact on services.
Tory MP David Davis said news of the proposed in-work benefits ban could encourage workers to head to the UK. Sir Eric Pickles, a Eurosceptic who supports Mr Cameron's reform proposals, said action had to be taken to prevent a "new influx" of migrants.
LeMond is the only American winner of the Tour after Armstrong was stripped of his seven titles in 2012. Armstrong was also banned for life following a United States Anti-Doping Agency investigation into the doping practices of the United States Postal Service team. LeMond: "There are people who are criminals who just shouldn't be able to participate again in anything"
Switzerland has been investigating Malaysia's scandal-hit 1MDB fund since last year. Last week, its Attorney-General said $4bn may be missing from Malaysian state firms. A Malaysian minister said this was not possible due to extensive audits, and called the statements "premature"
The British Government permitted changing the name of the local authority to Derry City Council in 1985. The council's town clerk was instructed to write to NI Secretary Douglas Hurd. He asked that staff in government departments be allowed to use 'Derry' or 'Londonderry' in official letters.
Valentine, who had been suffering from Parkinson's disease, died "peacefully" in the early hours of Wednesday morning. In the BBC's World War Two drama series Colditz, he played Luftwaffe officer Major Mohn. He was also known for playing the title role of the aristocrat jewel thief AJ Raffles.
Pitch Perfect 2 earned more in its first weekend than the $65m that the first film pulled in over the course of its entire US run in cinemas. Universal's Nick Carpou described the musical sequel's success as "amazing" Tom Hardy's turn as the reinvented Mad Max racked up $44.4m.
The software giant shared the details with tech news sites Digital Foundry and Eurogamer. The console's graphics chip uses 40 high-speed processing cores to produce the high-definition images. Microsoft said it set itself a target of making the whole device capable of handling six teraflops per second - one it claims to have hit.
UKIP said Mr Zeid resigned last week due to health issues. It is not clear exactly when he resigned, but he made the posts last Wednesday and Thursday. Raymond Shamash, a surgeon originally from north-west London, was revealed as his replacement after news of the posts emerged.
Roald Dahl was born a hundred years ago. Newsround takes a look at his life. How much do you know about Roald Dahl? Share your thoughts in the comments below or post a video on Facebook and Twitter using the hashtag #RoaldDahl on February 15th.
Pret launched scheme for 500 teenagers amid looming staff shortages. But following online criticism, the sandwich chain said it would pay participants and give them free food. Firm said it saw "how passionately people feel about the initiative" Just one in 50 Pret applicants is British, the company said.
The Gulls have been taken over by Swindon-based Gaming International (GI) Nicholson had said he was unsure what it meant for his own future. Torquay are currently 17th in the table, and play Forest Green Rovers at home on Boxing Day.
The £15,000 prize was presented to London-born Orr by Woman's Hour's Dame Jenni Murray. The story about guilt and identity was inspired by Orr watching a solitary man in a cafe while in Argentina. Claire-Louise Bennett received £3,000 in prize money for her story Morning, Noon & Night.
Two sharks have been caught by local fishermen in the Red Sea. There is no evidence so far that either of them are responsible for the attacks. Experts say the presence of a short-fin mako shark in the area is intriguing. The sharks could have moved to shallow water because of the depletion of local food sources.
The incident happened on St Fillans Road at about 21:00 on Saturday. The girl is being treated at Ninewells Hospital in Dundee. Police have asked for anyone who may have witnessed the collision, or who saw a black Ford Ka in the area at the time, to come forward.
The Nepal Scotland Association said many of its members lost friends and loved ones in the devastating earthquake last weekend. A charity concert to raise money for the relief effort was also held in the city. The Singing Bowl Concert, considered to be the ancient sound of Nepal, was held at St Giles' Cathedral.
The National Union of Farmers organised the event as a protest about delays in distributing EU farm payments. It was changed to be about "wider rural economy and food chain issues" after the Scottish government pledged Â£200m to support farmers in the interim. The Scottish government said 59% of payments have now been made.
England closed day one of the third Test against India on 247-2 at Southampton. Captain Alastair Cook scored 95 not out in England's first innings. The 29-year-old has scored just 638 runs in 27 innings since May 2013. England are currently on a 10-match winless streak.
Lord Dannatt said the Afghan government must retain the support of the West. The last UK combat troops left Afghanistan in October. But there has been a surge in insurgent attacks over the past month. It has raised concerns about whether Afghan security forces will be able to protect the country.
If you can hear the clouds rumbling, chances are the storm is close enough for you to be hit by lightning. Unplug all non-essential appliances, including the television, as lightning can cause power surges. Do not make phone calls, unless it is in an emergency, or put up an umbrella.
The High Court granted the application after hearing a share agreement was due to be completed. Other creditors, owed in excess of £2m, will be paid by the end of the month. The application was backed by the Formula 1 team's owners, Renault. The decision to put the team into administration was made by the Court of Appeal.
Ed Joyce and Chris Nash both hit half-centuries between interruptions in play, before Nash was bowled by Rob Keogh for 53 before lunch. Joyce was trapped lbw by Ben Sanderson after the break to give the visitors a slight hope of grasping a win. Bad light stopped play with the hosts 145-2 as they held on to share the points.
England face Australia, New Zealand and Scotland in this year's Four Nations. Wayne Bennett has been given a two-year contract with England until the 2017 World Cup. Wigan forward O'Loughlin was impressed with Bennett's focus on the job. The Four Nations will be broadcast on the BBC and conclude at Liverpool's Anfield stadium.
Yeovil held out until half-time but Ji So-Yun netted twice in first-half stoppage time for 2015 double winners Chelsea. Drew Spence, Erin Cuthbert, Crystal Dunn and Ramona Bachmann made it six. Sunderland's draw was their second from two games so far.
The Independent Jersey Care Inquiry is hearing evidence of abuse at the home in the 1960s and 1970s. The victim alleged that former Senator Wilfred Krichefski carried out the attack with another man. No witnesses gave evidence in person, but statements given to police and the historical redress scheme were read out by the counsel to the inquiry.
"I would love to see this man's face," says one of the victims of the attack. "I would like to see his face. I want to see what he has done to me," says the victim's mother. "He's a good man, he's not a bad man," she says.
Fijian rugby legend Matavesi senior played for Camborne in Cornwall in the 1980s. He became an iconic figure in Cornish rugby, paving the way for other Pacific islanders to play rugby in the UK. A capacity crowd of 3,000 turned out in his honour for a charity match to raise money for the Marie Therese hospital in Hayle.
Officers called to address in Renfrewshire town's Gordon Street at about 20:55. A 40-year-old woman and a 45- year-old man were found dead inside. Post mortem examinations have been carried out and both deaths are still being treated as unexplained.
Ednane Mahmood, from Blackburn, is also alleged to have provided internet links to others with speeches and propaganda that encouraged acts of terrorism. The 18-year-old was stopped by police at Manchester Airport after returning from Turkey on 21 September. He was released on conditional bail when he appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
Fixed Odds Betting Terminals (FOBT) offer simple touch screen play. One ex-manager said he was instructed to offer free bets and drinks. In one case it was suggested he could buy lunch for high-spending customers. Other managers said they were paid a bonus if they met financial targets.
Straker, 27, has been without a club since leaving York in January. He began his career at Crystal Palace and helped Aldershot Town win the Conference title in 2008. Grimsby are currently third in the National League, having lost only one game in the league since October.
Five people have been killed and 29 injured in the Westminster attack. Police have arrested eight people in connection with the incident. Officers have also searched a house in Carmarthenshire. Police say there is no threat to the area and there will be an increase in patrols.
Government officials are trying to put on a show of "business as usual" Most of the offices, schools and businesses in the area have remained open. Industry experts say it will take more than this initial show of strength to convince investors and visitors that Thailand is still a safe place to do business.
Steven Walters, 48, pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault at Stafford Crown Court in September. Chief Constable David Thompson said the case represented "one of the worst violations of policing integrity I've ever seen" Walters was also found guilty of gross misconduct at a disciplinary hearing and dismissed from the force.
The mayor of London has been criticised for giving his wife a backie. Marina Wheeler was riding on the back of a bicycle designed for one person. Offenders can be fined up to Â£200 under the 1998 Road and Traffic Act. The mayor has apologised, saying he did not know he was breaking the law.
Cases uncovered in Newtownabbey, Carrickfergus and Antrim areas of County Antrim. Police issued warning after it received "several local reports of cyber-related blackmail" Recordings of the sex acts were used by blackmailers who threatened to publish the footage online if they did not pay.
He has to explain the difference between deficit and debt. But there's a catch: he has to do it in as short a time as possible. This time he's explaining the difference from debt to deficit. He has to be able to do this in as little time as he can.
The animal, nicknamed Menai, was discovered at Tan-y-Foel close to Anglesey Sea Zoo. The zoo said it was the first time an Olive ridley turtle had been in the UK. Staff said Menai was now progressing to the next stage of its recovery.
Erhun Oztumer opened the scoring for Walsall in the 17th minute. The midfielder scored his sixth goal of the season in the second half. Swindon could have equalised on the stroke of half-time but Andreas Makris hit the crossbar from close range.
The network's server at Rhyl police station is said to be beyond its serviceable lifetime. A replacement costing about Â£80,000 is being sought. 32 prioritised cameras in the three towns will be beamed to England. The remaining 48 cameras will not be repaired or replaced if they break.
Malawi were beaten 1-0 at home in the second leg of their opening Southern Zone qualifier with Madagascar winning 2-0 on aggregate. Mauritius sealed their place in the next round of the CHAN qualifiers with a 1-1 draw against Seychelles at the Stad Linité in Mahé. South Sudan beat Uganda 4-1 in the Central Eastern Zone qualifier.
Iran would continue to back Syria, Iraq, the Palestinians and "oppressed people" in Yemen and Bahrain, he said. Ayatollah Khamenei denied that Iran was intending to create a nuclear bomb. The agreement limits Iran's nuclear activities for at least 10 years in exchange for the gradual lifting of sanctions.
Frederick Steiner said the policy was not "appropriate" for higher education and "did not make logical sense" University of Texas president said he does not support guns on campus but he must enforce the law. Staff at the University of Houston have warned professors to be careful discussing sensitive topics and drop them from the curriculum.
The party's NEC said it had voted by a "clear majority" to exclude Mr Woolfe. The MEP said he was "extremely disappointed" by the decision, and three NEC members have quit in protest. Jonathan Arnott, Bill Etheridge, Diane James, Lisa Duffy, Phillip Broughton and Elizabeth Jones are on the ballot.
The 24-year-old turned down the offer of a new Crewe deal. He becomes Walsall's second summer signing, following the arrival of Luke Leahy from Falkirk. "We'll be getting Jon at a good stage of his career," says manager Jon Whitney.
Timothy Geaney admitted taking or permitting the images to be taken between April 2004 and February 2014. He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register earlier this year. He has now been removed from his profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing.
Owen Jones, 52, had held a licence for more than 30 years. North Wales Police said he was not fit to hold a firearms certificate. Mr Jones appealed against the decision and won at Caernarfon Crown Court. Judge Niclas Parry said Mr Jones was ignorant about the subject of Islam.
A total of 43 weightlifters have now failed retests from the 2008 and 2012 Olympic Games. Six more competitors from Vardanian's event at the London Olympics are already facing disqualification after retests found steroids. The 29-year-old finished 11th in the -94kg class for Armenia.
Pilkington scored Cardiff's first goal in their 4-0 friendly win at Shrewsbury. Republic of Ireland international played in attack, having moved from the wing to a central forward role last season. Cardiff narrowly missed out on the Championship play-offs last term, finishing eighth in the table.
Lance Corporal Trimaan "Harry" Dhillon stalked Alice Ruggles before fatally attacking her last October. Her parents described the moment two Northumbria Police officers knocked on their door. Dr Hills told of her guilt about trying to reassure her daughter on the phone two days before the attack. Dhillons, 26, denied murder but was found guilty and sentenced to a minimum of 22 years.
Lord Strathclyde will be replaced by former John Major aide Lord Hill of Oareford. David Cameron says he is "sad to see him go" as he "knew the House of Lords inside out" The peer has been the Tory leader in the Lords for 14 years since his predecessor Lord Cranborne was sacked.
Adelie Ireland, which took over The Bite Group last year, has gone into administration. The company based in the Lackaboy Industrial Estate makes sandwiches and snack foods for convenience stores and retail outlets. Staff were sent home after being informed of the news on Friday.Administrators are examining the options for the future of the business.
Tadashi Ishii said he would tender his resignation at a January board meeting. Matsuri Takahashi, 24, jumped to her death in December last year. She had started working at Dentsu in April 2015 and was soon doing an additional 100 hours a month.
Darren Byrne, 40, denies murder and arson at Chelmsford Crown Court. Jury told he doused his wife in white spirit and turned on the hob. CCTV footage showed he was away for more than an hour. Mr Byrne told paramedics his wife had been making him a bacon sandwich.
Blasts come a day after Afghan and US officials signed a deal letting US troops stay in Afghanistan after the end of 2014. The agreement was authorised by new Afghan president Ashraf Ghani, who was sworn in on Monday. On that same day, two bombs killed at least 15 people in Kabul and Paktia provinces.
Chapelcross, near Annan, is one of five sites being considered. Capenhurst in Cheshire, Sellafield in west Cumbria and Aldermaston and Burghfield, both in Berkshire, are the other possible locations. UK government has pledged that public opinion will be taken into account in deciding final location.
Google paid Â£10m in UK corporate taxes between 2006 and 2011. Mr Schmidt said it was up to the government to change its tax system if it wanted companies to pay more taxes. The head of the Parliamentary Public Accounts Committee has suggested a new committee should be established to oversee the tax arrangements of major firms.
More than half of Mozambique's 24 million people live below the poverty line. Filipe Nyusi, of the ruling party Frelimo party, was sworn in as president in January 2015. He represents a change in guard in the party which has dominated politics since independence.
Tim Pollard has been playing Nottingham's famous outlaw for more than two decades. He met Sally Chappell at a banquet at the city's former Sheriff's Lodge venue. The couple now have a two-year-old daughter called Scarlett. They have asked for donations towards a relaxing space for Ms Chapell.
Main fired home after the hour mark to seal victory for the Latics. Oldham have a sizeable cushion above the League One relegation places with three games left to play. Southend remain in 13th place, while Oldham are six points above the bottom four.
The Kidman cattle empire is Australia's largest landholding. It owns 101,411 sq km (39,155 sq miles) of land in total - that's more than 1% of Australia's land mass. One of its properties is Anna Creek, the world's biggest cattle station, which stretches across 23,677 sq km.
The Bantams went ahead on 43 minutes when Billy Clarke started and finished a move. But the Shrews levelled a minute after the restart with a messy goal. Tyrone Barnett chased a long ball and his shot hit Rory McArdle before rebounding back off him and spinning into the net.
The Prince of Wales visited the Iwokrama rainforest in Guyana. He met rangers and learned about the benefits of eco-tourism. He also visited a school and the Kaieteur Falls - one of the world's largest freefall waterfalls. Earlier in the week, the prince met Rihanna in Barbados.
Shots were fired from a car near St Brendan's Primary School. The victim is a well-known criminal and is receiving treatment for his injuries. Police have appealed for witnesses to contact them. The incident happened shortly after 15:00 GMT on Monday. The man is currently being treated for injuries at hospital.
Andal Ampatuan Junior is accused of orchestrating the murder of 57 unarmed civilians. Another 27 members of his family have also been charged in connection with the killings. The Ampatuans have been in Maguindanao for centuries, and can trace their lineage to a Muslim preacher, Shariff Aguak.
Greece submitted proposals for tax, benefit and economic reform to secure a deal with its creditors to avoid tumbling out of the euro. There is a pledge for budget surpluses rising in steps to 3.5% of GDP or national income by 2018. VAT would be raised to three rates of 23% (the standard rate), 13% (for food, energy, hotels and water) and 6%.
Drivers from the Rail, Maritime and Transport union have unanimously backed the deal. The service was due to start on some lines at weekends last September. But it has been delayed because of failure to reach agreement with the unions over pay and conditions. Aslef said its members voted by almost nine to one to accept the deal, clearing another hurdle in plans for a Night Tube.
Gwilym Joseph MBE served the club for nearly 50 years and was given the honour earlier this year. Mr Joseph was also the club lead on building the Liberty Stadium and the training grounds at Landore and Fairwood. Chairman Huw Jenkins said: "It's a very sad day for the club"
Hollis, 28, spent four seasons at Well after a six-year spell with Airdrie. He became a free agent after leaving Motherwell this summer. Alexander sustained a broken cheekbone in the last week's victory over Rangers. Gallacher twisted his ankle in training, making him a doubt for Sunday's Edinburgh derby.
The Rugby Football League revealed a formal bid for the financially-troubled Bulls with a sale expected after Christmas. That, however, has been rejected and the RFL and administrator remain in talks over the future of the club. Bradford, who were last in Super League in 2014, entered administration on 14 November.
L/Cpl James Brynin was shot while on patrol in Helmand Province. The 22-year-old was repatriated via RAF Brize Norton in Oxfordshire. He had been selected for promotion to corporal when his patrol was attacked. His family said: "Heart of a lion, we will always stand strong for you"
The 332-acre total includes 100 acres burnt in Locaber on 1 May. Landowners contributed more than Â£1m towards the cost of the fire fighting. The north-west Highlands was the worst hit during a dry and windy spell of weather. HIFRS has praised firefighters and the public for their help in dealing with the incidents.
A panel of judges compiled a list of the country's 100 most influential females for Radio 4's Woman's Hour. One judge, journalist Eve Pollard, said the list highlighted the sectors where women were still under-represented. The Queen's granddaughter-in-law, the Duchess of Cambridge, did not make the list but the judges noted her potential to do so.
Five-time world champion O'Sullivan took the first three frames and won 4-1 after White had beaten Ryan Day without losing a frame. Higgins beat compatriot Scott Donaldson and fellow Scot Stephen Maguire defeated Fergal O'Brien. Neil Robertson overcame Gary Wilson, Marco Fu beat Liam Highfield and Judd Trump defeated Igor Figueiredo.
Prince Harry said he used to "bury his head in the sand" but now views life "very, very differently" He co-founded the Sentebale charity with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho to help young people affected by HIV/Aids. The 32-year-old prince told the programme: "I always feel like I need to make something of my life"
More than 1,000 drivers and engineers were set to stage the walkout on Bank Holiday Monday. It was supposed to be the second day of strike action after Unite members took action on Friday. Tower Transit said it decided to suspend Monday's industrial action after "solid support" for Friday's protest.
District Judge Lucy Koh's move opens the way for US sales of Samsung's older tablet model to restart. Separately, Samsung filed a motion on Tuesday against Apple's iPhone 5 saying its patents had been violated. The iPhone 5 was launched last month and broke Apple's pre-sales record. Apple has not commented on either move.
The 24-year-old Australian has spent his entire professional career to date at Newcastle, making his debut in 2014. He has made 44 appearances, five of them coming in 2017. Trinity head coach Chris Chester: "It will bring in a genuine competition and add quality to what is already a strong squad"
Prince Alwaleed is one of the world's richest men. He owns stakes in many well-known companies, including News Corporation. He also has investments in a number of media groups in the Arab world. The investment follows "several months of negotiations", a company statement said.
The anonymous questionnaire was sent to 568 women in almost 40 different sports. Sports Minister Tracey Crouch believes more needs to be done to "stamp out" sexism. Fewer than 15% of UK coaches in high-performance sports are women. Women make up 45% of athletes on UK Sport's World Class Programme.
There are 67 items in total, including a Dalek from 1966, and a Cyberman from the show's 19th series. The full collection of film memorabilia, including the Dr Who props, is the best he's ever seen. His wife has said she might have to lock him in the shed to stop him from buying his own favourites.
The Ibrox club ripped up its contract with Mr Ashley after it was alleged Rangers only received about 7p in every Â£1 spent on club products. Mr Ashley claimed the deal, struck with former Rangers chief executive Charles Green, was wrongly terminated. It has been agreed his litigation can continue.
Lord Alderdice was a member of the Independent Monitoring Commission. He said the new body would only be able to produce a few proposals. Lord Eames said he was well aware of the "desperate plight" of troubles' victims. He urged the government to publish the legacy papers.
Fire broke out in a six-storey block of flats in Partick. Four people were treated at the scene for smoke inhalation. About 25 to 30 people were evacuated from the building. Firefighters worked through the night to put out the fire and make the scene safe.
Boeing has spent 200,000 hours fitting new batteries to its 787 Dreamliner. The batteries are now enclosed in stainless steel boxes. Boeing is expected to complete repairs on all 50 of the grounded Dreamliners by the middle of May. Japanese airlines, which have been the biggest customers, are expected to begin test flights on Sunday.
Graffiti reading "Homeland is racist" appeared in scenes depicting a Syrian refugee camp. Artists say they were asked to write the graffiti in June to "lend authenticity" to the set. They say no-one working on the show checked what it was that they were actually writing.
The 10-year-old was bought by owners Raymond and Caroline Mould as part of a job lot of 22 horses in France that cost a total of 300,000 euros. He banked more than £1.1m from 18 wins, nine at the highest level - Grade One. A heart condition diagnosed and, though successfully treated, the horse spent nearly two years out of form.
The data was taken from a flight from Scotland to the U.S. in 2013. The flight was the first time the data has been released to the public. The information was taken as part of an ongoing investigation into the cause of the crash. It is hoped the information will be used to improve the safety of the flight.
James Wharton and Guy Opperman spoke to David Cameron at Chequers. Wharton said the meeting had been'remarkably positive' Opperman said the North needs more powers to boost jobs and investment. But he also wants a mayor to lead the North East Combined Authority.
Five incidents potentially linked to heroin were reported between 23 October and Friday. They happened in Caerphilly, Newport and Blaenau Gwent. Gwent Police said it was "extremely concerned" after the incidents. Det Insp Leigh Mears said he "cannot rule out the possibility that the deaths and the medical emergencies are linked to the same batch of heroin"
Joey's Pizza has 212 stores across Germany with annual sales of â‚¬143m ($156.5m; Â£103.9m) Germany is the world's fourth-biggest pizza market and the deal is worth up to A$120m ($86m) The deal will increase the number of stores owned by Sydney-listed Domino's Pizza Enterprises to 1,870.
Landlord Mr Jones, 46, died at The Blossoms public house in Holyhead. A 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody. A family tribute read: "A partner, soul mate, father, brother, uncle and our best friend. We love you"
Vincent Hudson charged with historical offence on a boy under the age of 16. Cumbria Police said the attack was reported to have taken place in 2001. Mr Hudson, 54, of Whitehaven, is due to appear before Magistrates' Court. He is expected to appear in court later this month, police said.
Rafael Esquivel admitted receiving bribes in connection with the sale of marketing rights to tournaments. He was among seven officials arrested at a luxury hotel in Switzerland last year. The charges related to bribery schemes to market South American club tournament the Copa Libertadores.
Donald Trump held an impromptu press conference with women who have accused Bill Clinton of sexual assault. Clinton team also spent the week weathering a scandal of its own. The public has been given an inside view of the Clinton campaign - and the picture it paints is often unflattering.
Home affairs select committee calls for urgent review of laws governing undercover policing. Women tell MPs how they felt when it emerged that their relationships were based on deception. These are not their real names.Lisa had a six-year relationship with former PC Mark Kennedy. He posed as long-haired dropout Mark "Flash" Stone to infiltrate a group of environmental protesters.
Imran Khawaja, 27, from Southall, west London, left the UK last January. He was a member of Rayat al Tawheed - which means Flag of Unity. He faked his own death with an online obituary that said he had died in battle. He then tried to slip back into Britain unnoticed.
Craig Nelson was found at the Woodhead Tunnels off the A628 in Derbyshire. A post-mortem found the 34-year-old died as a result of head injuries. A man, 41, and a woman, 23, were arrested in Sheffield by South Yorkshire Police and remain in custody.
Theresa May is expected to hear strong criticisms of what one backbencher dubbed "her miserable manifesto" There is a feeling that the party is holding on to nurse for fear of something worse. Some senior Tories have told me that they will urge her to stick to her manifesto commitments.
The Football Association, known simply as the FA, is the organisation that looks after all football in England. It was formed in 1863 and is the oldest football association in the world. The government wants more women and people from ethnic minorities to have a say in how the FA is run.
The promise not to raise income tax or national insurance contributions has gone, along with the triple lock on pensions. The winter fuel allowance will be means-tested with the money spent on health and social care in England (and the Welsh Government) given a share of the cash. The promise to scrap Severn Bridge tolls, announced earlier this week, does not feature.
England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out in final session. Mehedi Hasan takes 6-77 and Shakib Al Hasan 4-49. Bangladesh had only beaten Zimbabwe and a weakened West Indies team in 95 previous Tests, but the 108-run win means the series finished 1-1. England needed their highest successful run chase in Asia.
UEA says the past decade in Europe has been the warmest on record. Cost of damage caused by extreme weather events is rising, report says. Findings published ahead of next week's UN climate conference in Doha. UN Environment Programme report also shows dangerous growth in "emissions gap"
The 25-year-old started his career with Blackwood and played sevens for Wales. A statement issued by the Dragons said he had failed to recover from a head injury. In May 2015, another Dragons player Ashley Smith had to retire at the age of 28 following a "series of concussive events"
The death of Virgil Runnels, which was his real name, was announced by World Wrestling Entertainment. His long and glittering career, which began in the late 1960s, earned him a place in the WWE Hall of Fame. A WWE spokesman declined to give a cause of death or any details on where he died.
European market accounts for 73% of the UK's agri-food exports. 40% of Scottish lamb is exported to the EU. Willie Johnston speaks to Scottish farmers about the prospect of leaving the European Union. The full interview will be broadcast on BBC Radio 4 on Monday, September 25.
GP practices are being paid to help local NHS groups limit the number of patient referrals and cut costs. At least nine clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) were offering GP practices payments for hitting targets, according to Pulse's investigation. The British Medical Association said such incentives were "misguided"
Diafra Sakho has only played twice for West Ham this season. The 27-year-old missed the start of the season with a back problem. He has now returned to light training following surgery. Senegal international Sakho was due to join West Brom for £15m.
Top Gear presenter James May says he is not sure if the show will continue. May and co-presenter Rory McIlroy have been suspended from the show. The decision was made after a row broke out between the pair. The pair have been working on a new series of Top Gear, due to air in April.
First Bus, Wessex and the Bath Bus Company RAPT were said to be in the running for the contract. Metrobus admits public subsidies might now have to be used to entice firms on board. First of the new bus routes are due to be completed in the next few months.
The Paralympic discus champion, 24, beat his mark of 15.93m set last year. Davies threw 16.14m when competing with able-bodied rivals at the British Indoor Championships in February. His new mark remains an unofficial world record until verified by the IPC.
Annemiek van Vleuten was leading the women's road race at the Rio Olympics. The 33-year-old Dutchwoman suffered three fractures in her back in the crash. Two weeks after the crash she won her first stage of the Belgium Tour. She will compete in the World Championships in Qatar from this Sunday.
Japan has one of the lowest levels of entrepreneurship in the developed world. Entrepreneurship is seen as too risky or even reckless in Japan. Prime Minister Shinzo Abe has announced support for start-ups. Former boss of Livedoor, Takafumi Horie, was jailed for 21 months in 2006.
Baxter, 24, played the last of his 93 league games for United in February. Dean Hammond has activated a clause in his contract to remain at Bramall Lane. Goalkeeper George Long has been offered a new deal. Alex Baptiste, David Edgar and Conor Sammon have left the club.
The aim of the scheme was to increase bank lending by up to £70bn. The Bank of England is letting commercial banks borrow funds from it cheaply. The banks then pass this on in the form of cheap loans to firms. Some report banks are still unwilling to lend to business.
Maria Carreiro, 51, said she "ran down the street like a crazy woman" Her plans for the winnings were a Hawaii honeymoon after 30 years of marriage. 60% of winners of more than C$1m paid off debts, according to Ontario Lottery and Gaming.
Same-sex marriage is legal in England, Scotland, Wales and the Republic of Ireland. It is banned in Northern Ireland. A judge has ruled that it is for the Stormont Assembly, not a judge, to decide social policy. A lesbian couple and the first gay couple to enter civil partnerships in the UK took their cases to court.
The Swaledale Ram is the 31st mascot going back to the Indian Mutiny War in the mid-19th Century. The first Private Derby was acquired in 1858 by the 95th (Derbyshire) Regiment of Foot. The animal has his own army number, gets paid to buy his rations and can take his holidays during the mating season.
Jordan Burrow tripped James Jennings in the Town box. Parkin put the visitors ahead from the rebound after his penalty was saved by Sam Johnson. Frear made it 2-0 before the break when he fired in Keanu Marsh-Brown's cross. Darren Carter's shot hit the bar for Rovers in the second half.
Daniel Bebb-Jones, 23, was arrested by anti-terror police near an Army reserve centre on Sunday night in possession of knives and an axe. Police say there are not believed to be any links to terrorism. He will appear before Redditch Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Isle of Man's Pete Kennaugh wins final stage of Tour de France. Team Sky's Dario Cataldo wins 10km time trial to make it a one-two. British team dominated race after opening stage win on Thursday. Dan Frost: "It's like being in dreamland. To win four out of five stages is not a common thing"
Scottish distance runner Eilish McColgan has recovered from a broken ankle. The 25-year-old is aiming to win the 5,000m at the British Championships. A top-two finish would secure her a place in the Great Britain team heading to Rio.
Edinburgh have lost five of their last six matches in all competitions. The Murrayfield side are seventh in the table and face a difficult run-in as they seek a top-four finish. Dickinson, with Willem Nel and Ross Ford part of an all-Edinburgh first-choice Scotland front row, has returned from international duty.
Mohammad Sidique Khan's brother-in-law has spoken out for the first time about the 7/7 attacks. Mr Patel says he did not register the attacks and only properly understood what had happened on 12 July. He says Khan's claims that his actions were a response to foreign policy were a "pathetic excuse"
"I don't know what it means, but we need to learn what it is to be a young person," he said. He added that many young people are "completely alienated" from politics. The Dáil is expected to vote on a bill to ban the use of the word 'dab'
Scottish Power will tailor each customer's "day" based on a personalised forecast of how much energy they typically use. Customers will be able to buy packages of gas and electricity in quantities from one day to a month, and up to 180 days ahead. The firm has been piloting the scheme and it says it could transform the way consumers buy energy.
Sen McCain becomes the highest ranking US official to visit Syria. He met with the chief of staff of the rebel Free Syrian Army. Gen Idris called for weapons to continue their fight, as well as a no-fly zone. The US currently provides non-lethal aid to opposition groups in Syria.
Konta faces five-time Wimbledon Champion Venus Williams in the semi final. Konta has never beaten Williams at Wimbledon. Williams has won five Wimbledon titles and two grand slam crowns. Both players have won more titles than any other player in the history of the tournament.
Jak Trueman, 15, was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer last August. The West Calder High School pupil had been documenting his life on social media. On Saturday he briefly attended a school prom held in his honour. His mother Allison broke the news of his death on his Facebook page.
The 12th annual event will be held from 1-6 September. It will include appearances on Strictly Come Dancing and Doctor Who. Former Corries musicians Christopher Brookmyre and Lesley Riddoch will also be attending. The event is free to attend, but donations can be made online.
Almost three quarters of young people in the Highlands have drunk alcohol by the time they turn 15. There has been a 10% reduction in underage drinking in the region since 2010. But it remains above the national average, according to the Highland Alcohol and Drugs Partnership. Its campaign Meet the MacPhersons draws on evidence from 200 young people and 20 parents.
Mosul, captured by IS in June 2014, is the jihadist group's last major urban stronghold in Iraq. About 50,000 Iraqi security forces personnel, soldiers, police, Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia militiamen are involved in the offensive. A general said clouds were limiting the ability of drones and other aircraft to provide cover.
Environment Minister Zhou Shengxian said conflict between development and nature had never been so serious. He said if China meant to quadruple the size of its economy over 20 years without more damage, it would have to become more efficient in resource use. His comments came ahead of China's annual session of parliament, which opens on 5 March.
The house of Pietro's owner collapsed as a result of the quake. The cat was taken to a veterinary clinic and is said to be in a critical condition.Nearly 300 people died in August's magnitude-6.2 earthquake. The death toll has now risen to nearly 300.
The success of anti-austerity campaigns is viewed as a blow to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, who lost a key political ally in France's Nicolas Sarkozy. The surge of the radical left Syriza coalition in Greece has raised fresh doubts about the country's international credit lifeline.
The Hidden Abbey Project hopes to uncover the high altar where the king and Queen Adeliza are buried. The survey is the first comprehensive archaeological investigation at Reading Abbey for more than 150 years. The abbey was partly destroyed during the dissolution of the monasteries by Henry VIII but there is no definite record of what happened to his remains.
Mark Lewis Jones wins best actor award for the film Yr Ymadawiad. Hinterland/Y Gwyll's Mali Harries wins best actress for her performance in detective series. Mr Calzaghe, a documentary film about the career of Welsh boxer Joe Calzag he wins three awards.
Mexico drew 2-2 with Portugal in their opening Confederations Cup game. The FMF has warned it could take further action if it happens again. Mexico have already been fined eight times during World Cup qualifying. Some fans shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal-kick.
Christopher Marinello is chief executive of the Art Recovery Group. The group has retrieved US$500m (Â£330m) of stolen and looted works of art. He spoke to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme about what can be done to help stop the theft of the country's precious antiquities.
Mae Arberth yn un o 10 tref yn y DU sydd wedi ymgymryd â chynllun gan Lywodraeth y DU yn 2016 i gymryd cyfrifoldeb o gefnogi cartrefu ffoaduriaid.
World No. 1 Rafael Nadal faces world No. 2 Stanislas Wawrinka in the first match of the US Open on Tuesday. Second seed Angelique Kerber takes on Poland's Magda Linette in the second match. Third seed Frances Tiafoe plays Belgium's Elise Mertens in the third match.
KKR's new bid is a joint venture with fellow US private equity firm Rhone Group. TWE, which owns brands such as Wolf Blass, Rosemount and Lindeman's, is the world's biggest listed winemaker. The proposed offer is worth AU$5.20 a share and represents a 11% increase on the earlier April bid.
James McLaughlin scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Paul Heatley was sent off for an off-the-ball incident with Lyndon Kane. Jordan Forsythe was also dismissed for a crude two-footed challenge on Kane. The precious point keeps Stephen Baxter's champions within four points of Premiership pacesetters Linfield.
Researchers say these are probably Mother of Pearl Clouds. Rare phenomena would have had a big impact on anyone who saw them for the first time. Rare conditions needed in their formation, at altitudes between 15km and 20km. These requirements include very cold winter air, down at minus 80-85C, and a good degree of humidity.
Citizens Advice Bureau is getting a growing number of complaints about cold calls. A BBC One current affairs documentary would like to hear about your experiences. Would you be happy to talk to a BBC journalist? Please email your story to: editorial@dailymail.co.uk.
Chilton dominated the race at Iowa Speedway to earn his first win in any series since 2012. Frenchman Bianchi died on Friday as a result of head injuries suffered in a crash at the 2014 Japanese Grand Prix. The Briton said he had learned of Bianchi's death on Friday night US time before going on to take a victory.
Researchers say the game could generate an unprecedented amount of data. The way players navigate the 3D levels in Sea Hero Quest will be anonymously tracked and sent to the researchers. understanding how people navigate 3D environments is important because the skill is often one of the first lost by people who have dementia.
Corrie Mckeague, based at RAF Honington, was last seen in Bury St Edmunds. The 23-year-old, believed to be from Dunfermline, Fife, left friends on Saturday. His uncle Tony Wringe said his nephew kept in close contact with his family.
Unite demands staff get a living wage of Â£7.85 an hour. Sports Direct says casual workers receive holiday and sick pay. An estimated 3,000 workers are on zero-hour contracts at the firm's Shirebrook headquarters. A further 75% of staff across its UK stores are also on zero hour contracts.
New guidance aims to increase testing in people with undiagnosed HIV in England. 17% of people with the virus are unaware of their infection, so risk unintentionally passing it on to their sexual partners. Two-thirds of late HIV diagnoses occur in areas with high rates of HIV.
Andrew Frangos of Cornhill Capital was approached by the three-time bankrupt Chappell to raise money secured against property. He was joined in the commons by representatives from accountants Grant Thornton and lawyers Olswang to explain their involvement as advisers to Mr Ch appell.
Drug testing firms say to have 10% of drivers in an haulage firm test positive for drugs was "not unusual" Road safety minister Mike Penning insists Britain's roads are among the safest in the world. Campaigners are now calling for a change to the law to bring the road transport industry in line with the rail industry.
Rebels have agreed a ceasefire and will leave Homs to President al-Assad's tender mercies. But the opposition is arguing, and in some cases fighting, about who should play-off against President Assad. The West's hopes for an alternative Syria seem based on crossed fingers rather than serious analysis.
Officials estimate that about 80% of the houses in the Mashkel area collapsed - either partially or completely. The relief operation has been hampered by the remoteness of the affected area. The road journey from Quetta to Mashkel is long and dangerous. The town's economy depends on oil smuggling from Iran and the annual date harvest.
Most of the 32 defendants are from Saudi Arabia's restive Eastern Province. The defendants face charges including treason, establishing a spy ring and passing on sensitive data on military zones. Saudi Arabia broke off diplomatic relations with Iran in early January following the storming of its embassy in Tehran.
The 18-year-old will provide cover for Luke Daniels, who starts a three-match ban for his red card in the opening day defeat at Burton on Saturday. Watson could feature for the Iron in Tuesday's League Cup tie with Barnsley. He tweetd: "Delighted to have joined Scunthorpe on a month's loan. Looking forward to getting started tomorrow."
Kev Brady from Gloucester said he was terrified as he paddled along the Mahaweli. He now aims to paddle the 800 miles (1,300 km) around the coast of Sri Lanka. His previous feats include canoeing along the Mississippi and swimming the length of the River Severn.
He quit despite surviving a vote on an opposition motion to remove him. His resignation could harm Ms Gillard's slender majority, which relies on votes from independent MPs. He is accused of sexual harassment by a former staff member, and of sending lurid text messages, now revealed in court documents.
Almost 80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into Belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships. The Giant's Causeway, golf and Titanic Belfast are pulling in the visitors. The Titanic Visitor Centre has attracted more than 500,000 visitors since it opened six months ago. The cruise ship business alone is worth Â£15m a year to Northern Ireland's economy.
TomSka is one of the stars of a new documentary, The Creators. The film goes behind-the-scenes in the life of vloggers. TomSka says the only way to attract viewers to his vlogs is to be honest. The 24-year-old has been open about his problems with mental illness.
Steve Morgan said the planning system was the biggest barrier to new houses. He was speaking after Redrow revealed strong half-year results. completed house sales were up 13% in the six months to December 2016 to 2,459 compared with the same period last year. pre-tax profits were up 35% to £140m.
England lost 17-16 to Australia in Wayne Bennett's first game in charge. The result puts England's hopes of reaching the World Cup final in doubt. Leeds Rhinos' Hall scored his 29th international try in 29 games. He has the opportunity to take his tally to 30, five more than Sam Tomkins.
British tennis player is back in action after three years out with a wrist injury. The 22-year-old won her first tournament since the age of 14 in Landisville, Pennsylvania on Saturday. Robson has won only one tour level match since her return - and that came against an unranked Moroccan teenager in Rabat. She has been coached by former British number one Lucie Ahl and Colin Beecher.
PC Keith Burgess, 41, also faces three counts of misconduct in public office. He has been suspended from duty until the criminal investigation is completed. He was bailed to appear before Guildford magistrates next month. He is based at Southampton Central police station, Hampshire Constabulary said.
Stubbs replaces Terry Butcher, who was sacked following Hibs' relegation from the Premiership last season. The former Celtic defender has left his role as a youth coach at Everton to take the job. Hibs chief executive Leeann Dempster insists the Englishman shares her vision for the club.
Trinidadian Simmons has led the Irish since 2007. He has guided Ireland to six successive ICC global tournaments. Cricket Ireland are not expected to stand in his way if he decides to accept the West Indies offer. Stuart Williams has been in temporary charge of the Windies since they parted company with Ottis Gibson last August.
Newark and Sherwood District Council plan to restore Magnus buildings. Project will cost £5.4m in total and will open in September 2014. Royalists surrendered Newark following a siege in 1646 towards the end of the civil war. Exhibition galleries will focus on the local history of the towns and villages.
The 19-year-old forward has yet to play a competitive first-team match for the Terriers but did feature in pre-season friendlies against Liverpool, FC Ingolstadt 04 and Oldham in 2016. He had a three-game loan at National League side Wrexham earlier this term.
Muir broke McColgan's 25-year-old record by 14 seconds at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow on Wednesday. She ran a time of 14 minutes, 49.12 seconds. British Athletics confirmed Muir's time was expected to be classified as official.Rules stipulate that if there is no doping control at an event where a British record is set, no requirement for the athlete to submit drug tests.
The men are accused of kidnapping, torturing, and killing left-wing activists. They include two former intelligence officers and a former military intelligence officer. Most of the victims were from Uruguay, but they also came from Chile, Bolivia and Cuba. The men deny the charges against them.
England take a 1-0 lead in the Ashes series into the second Test at Lord's. Captain Alastair Cook says his side must not sit back and protect the lead. Moeen Ali is England's only injury concern, with Adil Rashid on standby. Australia are likely to make a number of changes, with wicketkeeper Brad Haddin absent.
The former HSBC bank building is due to house 16 flats including a four-bedroom penthouse apartment. The Victorian Society opposed the plan, saying it "would cause a high degree of unjustified harm" to the building. The four-storey building was constructed in 1874 for coal owners and exporters Cory Bros and was altered and extended in 1914.
New minerals and mineral-like compounds are now being formed faster than at anytime in Earth's history, say researchers. Many in the list have been found down old mine tunnels or on slag heaps where water and even fire have had the opportunity to work up novel compounds.
The boy's mother, 38, said funeral rites had been performed on the foetus. It is believed to be the first reported case of "fetus in fetu" in Malaysia. The abnormality is estimated to occur in 1 in 500,000 live births. It occurs in the early stages of development when one foetus wraps around the other.
Beth Potter, Laura Muir and Callum Hawkins sealed early places. Andrew Butchart, Eilidh Doyle, Zoey Clark, Chris O'Hare, Steph Twell, Josh Kerr and Eilish McColgan secured their spots at the British team trials. Guy Learmonth qualified at the Anniversary Games. Lynsey Sharp and Jake Wightman were handed team berths by the selectors.
Messages posted on social media planned to "kill as many people as possible" at Montgomery High School in Blackpool. Police confirmed officers were investigating the source and would ensure the school's safety. One message said: "You think it's a joke? You'll see bullets and bodies"
The women, aged between 18 and 29, have been recruited on social media. They are believed to have travelled to the Middle East to join IS militants. The government is set to introduce legislation to strip dual citizens of their Australian citizenship if they are found to be fighting in Iraq or Syria.
Warwickshire all-rounder Keith Barker takes 9-157 as Durham are all out for 327. Mark Stoneman scored 111 but was run out by substitute fielder Aaron Thomason. Ian Westwood and Laurie Evans saw the hosts home in 17.4 overs. The win saw them maintain their unbeaten start to the Championship season.
Moody's says UK could keep many of its trade terms with the EU so as to avoid disruption. Report shows economic warnings from pro-EU groups have been "baseless scaremongering", Vote Leave says. But Britain Stronger in Europe group says it is further evidence that leaving would damage the economy.
Australia opener Warner is being investigated over claims of an attack in the early hours of Sunday morning. The other 15 players can now really get together and coach Mickey Arthur can say to his players "this is what happens if you step out of line because it is totally unacceptable" Warner's behaviour personifies a lack of discipline, a dropping of standards.
The Treasury has given the Welsh government £5m to compensate those affected in Wales. It follows a ruling by the Pensions Ombudsman in a test case in May. Retired Strathclyde fireman William Milne received more than £30,000.
Cancer cells are held in a 'tent' by a protein called Zeb1. This protein causes the cell to move away from the centre of the cell. This allows the cancer to spread to other parts of the body. Scientists are now trying to find a way to target the protein without damaging healthy cells.
Bedene beats Carreno Busta 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 4-6 5-7 6-2 at Roland Garros. The Slovenia-born 26-year-old has risen from 116th in the world to 66th. Andy Murray is through to the third round after beating Mathias Bourgue.
President Barack Obama said it was a "step towards a more normal and productive relationship" But he may face a battle in Congress where some Republicans are opposed to his dealings with the communist island. New ambassador Jeffrey DeLaurentis had been working at the new US embassy in Havana, which opened in July last year.
Jack Marriott, Paul Benson and Callum Robinson scored for Luton. Bristol City lost for the second game in a row. Luton boss John Still says his side had to work out Luton's movement. Steve Cotterill says Bristol City were on top before conceding three goals.
It's a virtual reality headset which when worn will allow gamers to experience a virtual gaming world. It's being sold for Â£549 and you'll need a very powerful computer to even be able to use it.Similar products on the market include HTC's Vive VR headset which was launched earlier this year.
Despite being the richest country per capita in the world, Qatar also needs to import 90% of its food. Food security involves a tangle of trade, diplomatic and political issues. Oxfam claims land eight times the size of the UK was sold off globally in the last decade.
Rouhani is in Rome for talks with the Italian president. He is expected to sign a deal with French manufacturer Airbus. The deal is part of a wider deal to end international sanctions against Iran. Iran has been accused of supporting militant groups in the Middle East, including Hezbollah.
EastEnders executive producer Sean O'Connor describes them as "noisy and brash" The announcement has split opinion among fans on the soap's Facebook page. Some are worried they are a stereotypical white working-class family. Others have said there should be more ethnic minority families instead.
Rivers in Cumbria have been drying up, and levels of water stored in reservoirs in Cornwall are getting very low. In April the weather was especially dry - the country saw less than half the amount of rain it normally would. Some farmers, especially those in the south and east of the UK, said there was only 10% of the rainfall they expected to see.
All 57 seats were contested, of which the Tories took 43, compared to the 36 they won in 2013. Labour gained a councillor, taking their tally to 12, while the Liberal Democrats saw their number of seats fall from six to two. There will be no UKIP representatives on the council - all three of their seats were Tory gains.
Baroness O'Loan was injured in an IRA attack on the Ulster Polytechnic in 1977. She argues that it's only by confronting the past that people in Northern Ireland will drag themselves clear of it. Last weekend alone, 140 parades were held, marking the height of the marching season.
Dwight Gayle and Matt Ritchie have signed for Newcastle and Bournemouth respectively. Newcastle's Andros Townsend moved in the opposite direction on Wednesday. Gayle scored 26 goals in 74 games for Palace after joining them from Peterborough for £6m in July 2013. Ritchie featured 42 times last season as the Cherries maintained their top-flight place.
Ceredigion-based Lewis Coaches runs buses from Aberystwyth to Cardiff. The Confederation of Passenger Transport Cymru said 40 jobs were at risk. Ceredigion council said it was working to continue some services.Lewis Coaches is the third bus company in Wales to collapse in the past two months.
Kelly Pearce, 36, was found with fatal throat wounds on 19 November. Accused Anthony Ayres, 49, of Fairlop Avenue in Canvey, denies murdering her. Mr Withers, who described himself in police interviews as a paranoid schizophrenic, said he was briefly locked out of his flat while Ms Pearce and Mr Ayres were inside.
Huddersfield Town beat Brighton and Hove Albion 3-1 in the Premier League. Tomer Hemed, Nahki Wells and Elias Kachunga scored for the Terriers. Brighton defender Lewis Dunk was sent off for a second yellow card. The Seagulls remain one point ahead of second-placed Newcastle.
Asghar Buksh, 55, repeatedly struck mother-of-six Nasreen Buksh over the head with a heavy blunt object which has never been found. He admitted culpable homicide on the basis of diminished responsibility after saying he had no recollection of the killing at Dixon Avenue, Glasgow, on 24 September last year.
Met Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe is retiring after more than five and a half years in the post. He told an audience at the Royal United Services Institute that firearm officers needed greater public support. Sir Bernard also stated that armed officers did not fire a shot at a suspect in more than 3,300 incidents involving firearms in 2016.
More than 20 firefighters were sent to the Westmorland Shopping Centre in Kendal. Smoke was spotted by a member of staff and a cordon was put in place. Fire service spokesman said the blaze was quickly extinguished and no-one was injured. The site will remain closed for a time for smoke to be ventilated from the building.
Conservative MP for St Ives, Derek Thomas, claimed diabetes is "completely avoidable through good diet and exercise" Dozens of constituents in Cornwall complained that his comments were inaccurate and "insulting" Mr Thomas said he was "sincerely sorry" and would raise the issue with government to prevent confusion.
Irene Nemirovsky was a Jewish author from the Ukraine who settled in Paris. Despite her conversion to Roman Catholicism, she was arrested by the Nazis and died, aged 39, at Auschwitz concentration camp in 1942. The film, directed by British film-maker Saul Dibb and starring Michelle Williams and Kristin Scott Thomas, is dedicated to her.
Fire started in two road tankers before spreading to plastic and steel drum oil containers. At least 10 fire crews from around the county were tackling the fire. Firefighters managed to contain burning oil which spread on to adjacent land cleared for development. No casualties have been reported.
The Aegon Championships will be held from 13-18 June in London. Andy Murray confirmed he will defend his Queen's title in June. The 28-year-old, whose wife Kim has given birth to a girl this week, will attempt to win a record fifth title.
The ship took shelter near Mounts Bay after an initial rescue at 22:00 BST on Sunday failed due to poor weather conditions. The Panamanian registered Bochem Oslo vessel had the highly corrosive acid on board for maintenance reasons. It is understood the tanker was en-route to Germany to pick up cargo.
The 45th President of the United States found himself immersed for the first time and at first hand in the complexities of the EU. Barack Obama was appearing at around the same time 700km (435 miles) down the road at a huge public event in Berlin. Mr Obama had an easier day of it than Mr Trump.
Ngoo has been without a club since leaving Scottish side Kilmarnock last year. The 24-year-old forward never made a first-team appearance for the Reds. Ngoo had loan spells with Hearts, Yeovil Town and Walsall during his time with Liverpool.
The fire started in the Lane Poole Reserve in Waroona on Wednesday. It is too late for some residents who have not yet left the area to leave. The fire is burning along the South Western Highway. The cause of the fire is not yet known but is believed to be caused by strong winds.
Asad Khan, from Bradford, was found unresponsive at his home in September. His family believe he had been bullied. An inquest into his death was adjourned on Monday when the claims emerged. The family's solicitor Ruth Bundey said it was important to have time to review the evidence.
HM Revenue and Customs said there were 13m new accounts opened in 2014-15, down from 13.5m the year before. The figure, the lowest since 2004-05, will be disappointing for the Treasury. In July last year the maximum subscription amount was increased to £15,000 for both cash and stocks-and-shares Isas.
Officers confiscated marijuana in the UK with a street value of Â£100 million. The number of farms discovered increased to 7,865, more than doubling in four years. The UK is at "significant risk" from criminal gangs who cultivate cannabis on a commercial scale.
Graham Andrew bought the 33,600-piece Wildlife puzzle and recruited 200 jigsaw fans to complete it, to raise money for local charities. He was left with four holes in the giant puzzle and had to ask the Barcelona manufacturer to re-cut them. The pieces have arrived and the puzzle should be completed on Friday.
Police later named the woman as Joy Robson, 50, from the Isle of Skye. The boy was taken to hospital but police said his condition was not life-threatening. Incident happened on the first stage of the Highland Car Club Snowman Rally in Glenurquhart Forest, at Balnain.
It is the first time Wales' commissioners for children, older people, future generations and Welsh language will appear on stage together. They will discuss how the education system in Wales can play a part in shaping the nation's future. It is the second professional speaking event the Education Workforce Council has held with the Open University.
Cornelius Price, 40, threw the six-pint bottle in a temper, Llandrindod Wells Magistrates' Court heard. Price said he threw the milk towards the store manager saying "catch it" but it accidentally spilt. Price was told to pay £1.50 compensation to Tesco, fined £75, ordered to pay a £20 victim surcharge and £85 costs.
Spotlight: A Woman Alone With The IRA investigated the republican movement's handling of sexual abuse allegations against a suspected IRA member. BBC Northern Ireland Director Peter Johnston said: "This is a fantastic win for our Spotlight team - particularly with a Northern Ireland story winning in the UK-wide Scoop Of The Year category"
The death camp operated under the Ustashe regime, which was set up by the Nazis in the 1930s. About 40,000 Croatian Jews were killed in the camp, which is now in ruins. Jewish groups are boycotting next week's ceremony to mark the end of the camp.
The 21-year-old has been on loan at Manchester United from Borussia Dortmund. Januzaj has scored five goals in 63 appearances for the Red Devils. He has played with David Moyes, Louis van Gaal and Paddy McNair at Old Trafford. Click here for all the latest Manchester United news.
Hearts' majority shareholder Ann Budge hopes fans can drive this income via continued pledges to the Foundation of Hearts (FOH) and support of the club. The transfer of Budge's shares to FOH would be delayed under the proposal.Supporters and the club's on-field success, securing a third-place finish in the Scottish Premiership, form half of the £6m reserve.
The 23-year-old has not started a game since the trip to Bournemouth on 10 September. Tests showed he was eight pounds over his ideal weight. Tottenham had three bids rejected, including one for £22.5m, in the 2015-16 summer transfer window.
Sarries beat Tigers in the final round of pool matches, and will play Aaron Mauger's side at Allianz Park again. Dragons, Scarlets, Ospreys and Cardiff all failed to make it into the last four. The semi-finals will take place between 10-12 March, with the final to be staged at the Twickenham Stoop.
Kyle Clarke, 27, died when he was hit by a car in Hengrove, Bristol. His mother Helen Stockford described him as the "light of her life" In 2009, Kyle saved her from a convicted murderer and rapist. Shakrun Islam, 30, from Chipping Sodbury is charged with Kyle's manslaughter.
Emily Scarratt, Abbie Scott, Lydia Thompson, Marlie Packer and Vicky Fleetwood scored the tries. It was England's first victory away in New Zealand since 2001. England are preparing for the Women's Rugby World Cup, which starts in Dublin on 9 August.
The woman was operating a paramotor - a motorised paraglider. She had a "very close encounter" with an Airbus A400M near Andover, Hampshire. She told investigators "she thought she was going to die" UK Airprox Board said the incident had the most serious degree of risk.
Eight fire appliances and 45 fire fighters are at the scene. The blaze has spread across a 5 kilometre area, crossing the border. It is the latest of 435 reported wildfires since the beginning of May. Group Commander Brian Stanfield: "We believe this fire has been started deliberately"
Liam Cann, 22, of Goldhanger, Essex, was convicted of 23 sex offences. He abused six boys from 2006 until 2014, Chelmsford Crown Court heard. Judge John Dodd described him as "clever and calculating" He was placed on the sex offenders register for life.
Oh Wonder are a duo from London, who release one song a month for two years. Their first song, Body Gold, amassed 100,000 plays in just three days. The band's music became an online phenomenon, resulting in a record deal and a tour. Their second album, Ultralife, will be released on September 28.
Nursery staff in Luton thought boy was saying 'cooker bomb' instead of 'cucumber' Case was sent to police and social services panel instead of de-radicalisation scheme Channel. It decided not to take further action and the boy's mother said: 'It was a horrible day'
Passersby noticed the car shaking and noise coming from inside. Tori Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse charges and the children are now with their father. Under Utah state law, leaving a child under the age of nine unattended is punishable by a fine or jail time.
Police confirmed they had been called to a disturbance at 19:45. Incident said to have happened as Mr Galloway gave a talk in the university's New King's building. He tweeted that he had an "unknown substance in my eyes and lungs" but added later that he was "feeling better... just needed a good shower"
Ali Assadalla scored a superb goal after 32 minutes for Qatar. The 2022 World Cup hosts are led by former Algeria international Djamel Belmadi. Ivory Coast beat Angola 2-0 at home in the Elephants' first match on home soil since winning last month's Nations Cup.
Celtic manager says Europa League qualification would be the biggest achievement of his career. Deila's side visit Romania's Astra Giurgiu on Thursday. Celtic beat the Romanians 2-1 in Glasgow two weeks ago with Stefan Scepovic and Stefan Johansen bagging the goals to leave their side on seven points.
Wales' 37,600 teachers will be given a learning passport by September. The so-called New Deal will reshape how they are trained. Education Minister Huw Lewis said having "high capacity, high skilled professionals" was essential. There has been a small improvement in the quality of teaching in half of schools.
Manchester United are unbeaten in 14 Premier League games. But six of their first-team squad have not won a domestic title or major international tournament. Bastian Schweinsteiger has been added to United's Europa League squad. The 32-year-old former Germany captain will be available for the last-32 tie.
Police were called to the Biffa depot in Avonmouth at 11:00 BST on Friday. They were alerted by staff to possible remains at one of the units. Police named the victim as Matthew Symonds, 34, of no fixed address in Swindon. His death is being treated as unexplained.
The party has been carrying out "one final round" of vetting to determine who is eligible to stand in the race. UKIP donor Arron Banks suggested Steven Woolfe will not be on the ballot. The contest has been sparked by Mr Farage's decision to stand down following the UK's vote to leave the EU.
Paul Sheerin has been player-manager at Arbroath since 2010. The 39-year-old replaces Neil Cooper at Pittodrie. Former Dons midfielder played for several Scottish clubs and also featured for Östersunds in Sweden. He won a Scotland Under-21 cap in in the mid-1990s.
The first LPTs will be based in County Armagh. They will be able to respond to calls for help in areas with high crime rates. The new teams are expected to be in place by the end of the year. The move is part of a wider shake-up of policing in Northern Ireland.
Polamalu has won two Super Bowls with the Pittsburgh Steelers. He has two sons, aged seven and five, with his wife Theodora. Last year he missed four of the last seven games of the season with a knee injury. He is known for his iconic hairstyle, which he used to advertise shampoo.
Daniel Jason Shepherd, 23, from Skewen, Neath Port Talbot, pleaded not guilty. Jonathon Robert Thomas, 34, died following an incident on Princess Way. Mr Thomas played for Swansea RFC along with his brother, Nicky. Mr Shepherd was bailed to appear for trial on 16 May.
Last year's final was won by Ronnie O'Sullivan after a thrilling 9-5 comeback victory against Australia's Neil Robertson. The schedule of play and scores will appear below, with detailed BBC coverage information available here. The final will be played between Stuart Bingham and Judd Trump on Sunday.
Hull had only 13 fit senior players for their opening two Premier League games. Hull made seven changes for this match, with debuts handed to goalkeeper Dusan Kuciak and academy products Jarrod Bowen and Greg Olley. Mike Phelan has now won all three games this season after being put in charge following Steve Bruce's exit in July.
Part of Ysgol Glan Clwyd in Saint Asaph will be demolished in November. New classrooms, assembly, music, drama and dining areas will be created. Work is aimed at meeting growing demand for Welsh-medium education. Denbighshire council's cabinet will be asked to approve awarding a contract for the work.
Three men accused of assaulting a woman have their charges dropped. The case was adjourned until the end of the month. The other two men are still facing charges of assault and making false statements. The judge said he would make a decision on the remaining charges in the next few days.
Full-back Denton curled in a fine effort in the first half as the Whites won a second-straight away game. Kemar Roofe hit the crossbar for Leeds as they pressed for a second. Jack Marriott twice squandered efforts when he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper.
Under a law aimed at reducing prison overcrowding, senior citizens convicted of certain crimes can choose between house arrest and performing some socially useful task. But Mr Berlusconi is no ordinary criminal. He normally travels surrounded by a cohort of bodyguards - which might slightly impede any voluntary work he undertakes.
The 44-year-old will work alongside Andy Hessenthaler, who was appointed as Orient boss last week. Edwards joined the east London outfit in 2009 and has been coaching in the club's academy. He assisted with first-team affairs at the end of last season.
Wayne Moores, 28, was killed by a Vauxhall Astra driven by Donna Hackett on the M4 near Swindon. She served half of a six-year jail term after she was found guilty of causing death by careless driving while drunk. Mr and Mrs Moores want the offence to be upgraded to a charge of manslaughter.
A number of men forced their way into the property at Oakfield Drive. They demanded money before assaulting a man aged in his 50s. The gang made off with a sum of cash. Alliance East Antrim MLA Stewart Dickson has condemned the attack."This was a particularly vicious assault, coming as it did in front of a family," he said.
England beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in the fourth ODI at The Oval. Jason Roy scored 162, five short of the all-time record of 167 set by Robin Smith in 1993. England have now won three of their five one-day series since the World Cup.
Wales hooker Ken Owens will win his 50th cap against France on Saturday. The 30-year-old has made 31 of his previous 49 Wales appearances from the bench. Owens has started all of Wales' Six Nations matches this season. The hooker has had to come back from serious neck injuries which have seen him undergo two operations.
Essex reach 144-1 after winning the toss and batting first. Tom Westley and Alastair Cook put on 128 for the first wicket. England Test captain Cook hit seven fours and a six off Moeen Ali. Matt Henry took the only wicket to fall for Worcestershire.
Abid Naseer was convicted of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al-Qaeda. He was extradited from the UK to the United States in 2013. Police believe he would have gone ahead with a "mass-casualty" attack in Manchester city centre.
Russia has carried out air strikes on anti-government rebels since 2015. Moscow's involvement is credited with turning the war in favour of Bashar al-Assad. In March 2016 President Putin announced the start of a pull-out. But Russia's military role continued and its air power remained decisive.
The Spaniard came through 4-6 6-3 6-7 (5-7) 6-2 in four hours and six minutes. Zverev, 19, had recovered a break early in the final set before requiring treatment for cramp. Canadian third seed Milos Raonic made it through to the last 16 with a win over Gilles Simon.
The metal object was found floating on a remote river in northern Brazil. It bears the logo of the UK Space Agency and Arianespace - the European satellite company. The debris has been confirmed as coming from a satellite launched from the Kourou base, in neighbouring French Guiana, last July.
Brusthom Ziamani, 19, from Camberwell, south London, was found guilty last month of preparing an act of terrorism. Court heard he was inspired by the murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby and used the internet to research cadet bases. He converted to Islam in 2014 and became radicalised.
Elisa Bianco, 22, told Sally Retallack, 49, she had just months to live. She was jailed for 32 months at Truro Crown Court in December 2015. Appeal Court judges cut the sentence to 28 months. Bianco met Mrs retallack while a 16-year-old student at Cornwall College.
The four-storey building in Los Cristianos, on the south of the island, collapsed at 09:30 local time (08:30 GMT) The body of a woman aged about 70 was found in the rubble, local media said. Three people were also injured in the incident, one seriously.
The visitors took the lead when a clever dummy from the impressive Oscar Dorley set up Maksim Maksimov to net. Joe Shaughnessy headed home Liam Craig's corner to level. Trakai responded with a stunning long-range strike from Vaidotas Silenas.
More than 165,000 people have signed a petition calling for a cap on holiday prices. The Department for Business, Innovation and Skills said it was up to the businesses to decide. Travel agents said they would welcome a staggered system of holidays. But one mother said: "I think they should go back to how it was last year"
30,000 members of the Prison Officers' Association will take part in an indicative ballot. It follows last month's announcement that Birmingham Prison is to become the first jail in the UK to be privatised. POA general secretary Steve Gillan said prison officers were "angry" at the government's privatisation plans.
The deal includes an option to buy Cyriac at the end of the season. Fulham are 11th in the Championship, five points off the play-off places. The 26-year-old Ivory Coast international began his European club career with Standard Liege in 2009.
The New York businessman-turned-politician flip-flopped on a number of policy positions during the campaign. Here, we look back at 24 of his professed beliefs. The US should use waterboarding in its fight against the Islamic State group, Mr Trump said.
Cornelius Gurlitt was the son of Adolf Hitler's art dealer. More than 1,400 works were found in his Munich apartment in 2012. The collection is estimated to be worth up to a billion euros (Â£850m; $1.35bn) He had agreed to return any works shown to have been looted by the Nazis.
The Perth-based firm said it was buying £82m worth of new vehicles. A further £10m will be invested in new buses for London and about £4.5m in coaches for its megabus.com operations. All of the new vehicles will be built to meet Euro 6 emissions standards.
Former England captain was appointed until the end of the season in April but failed to pick up a point. Granada scored three goals in his seven-match reign. Real Madrid are three points ahead of nearest rivals Barcelona. Real travel to 11th-placed Malaga while Barca are at home to ninth-placed Eibar.
The A40 between Nantgaredig and Whitemill is closed and diversions are in place following the incident. A grey Smart Fortwo Prime, a black Volkswagon Golf and a grey Volvo were involved in the crash. Dyfed Powys Police are appealing for witnesses.
Moorways pool was closed to the public in January due to structural problems. The new pool is expected to be completed by the end of the year. It will be the second pool at the site after the first was closed in the 1970s. The first was built in the 1960s and was used to host the Olympics.
Formerly Iffley Mead School, it became Isis Academy in 2013. The name 'Isis' was originally chosen as the school is near to the section of the River Thames of the same name. A statement issued by the school said it had changed name following "the unforeseen rise of ISIS"
The Dow Jones Average was up 0.74% to 18,174. The more tech-related Nasdaq rose 0.92% to 5,284. The broader S&P 500 index gained 0.64%. High street firms Macy's and Best Buy gained 1% and 2% respectively.
HearScreen can detect hearing loss with just a low-cost smartphone and headphones. The app can screen two ears in less than 60 seconds and its makers claim that the system is six times cheaper than traditional testing equipment. There are 259,000 health apps available to consumers globally, according to a recent study.
Jaeseok Lee, 40, collapsed at an address in High Street, New Malden. He died at the property at about 01:20 GMT on Wednesday.yojung Lim, 43, has been charged with his murder, Scotland Yard said. Ms Lim is due before Wimbledon Magistrates' Court later.
Murray was due to play an exhibition match at Hurlingham Club on Friday. The 30-year-old is still expected to start his Wimbledon defence on Monday. He has only played one match this year, losing to Jordan Thompson in the first round at Queen's.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen looks likely to succeed Helle Thorning-Schmidt as prime minister. Mr Rasmussen's own Venstre (Liberal) party saw great losses in Thursday's poll. The biggest party in the right-bloc is now the anti-immigration Danish People's Party.
Caerleon-born Machen, who died in 1947, is known for his story The Bowmen. Newport council is consulting on budget plans that could see the library shut. Friends of Arthur Machen literary society are writing to the local authority. A spokesman said it would relocate the reference library if the building shut.
Rikki Evans, 28, started playing the bagpipes at 11:00 on Wednesday. He stopped playing more than 24 hours later on Thursday. Under Guinness rules he was allowed to take a 10 minute break every two hours. Mr Evans is now awaiting official confirmation from Guinness World Records.
Che Labastide-Wellington, from Harrow, was at a party in Kenton. Police said there had been a fight with a group of youths who tried to gain entry. Che was stabbed in a later scuffle in an alleyway at about 00:30 GMT. He was pronounced dead about an hour later.
Malaria carries serious risks for mother and baby including miscarriage, stillbirth and premature labour. Tropical disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and causes a fever, flu-like symptoms, vomiting and diarrhoea. In the UK, about 1,500 cases of malaria are reported each year and about 10 people will die.
Natalie Bennett, the party leader for England and Wales, met up with Caroline Lucas in Brighton. Ms Bennett warned voters "the time for half measures is over" and urged people to "vote for what you believe in" She said a Green vote would ensure big firms and rich individuals would pay their "fair share"
The BBC has seen a copy of the document, which is due to be formally signed off on Thursday. It contains policies on nationalising railways and renewing the Trident weapons system. Labour would not comment on the leak but the Tories called it "a shambles"
As an AM she unearthed failings at the public spending watchdog, the Wales Audit Office. She was ordered to leave the assembly chamber in 2004 when she referred to the Queen as Mrs Windsor. But she said she would meet the Queen if it was part of her official duties as Plaid leader.
KPMG and the Recruitment and Employment Confederation (REC) reported that the rate of expansion in hiring employees sank to a four-month low. The rate of growth in short-term jobs however had sped up since April. It suggested that companies needed time to "digest the election result", which saw the Conservatives win a majority.
The London-born, USA-raised 21-year-old will count as a foreign import because of his overseas junior development. Liam Stewart first developed an interest in ice hockey after moving to America to live with his mother in Southern California at the age of three. He played at a junior level with the Spokane Chiefs, before making two play-off appearances for the Quad City Mallards.
Chester have been reinstated as a Conference Premier club and Hayes & Yeading will stay in Conference South. The Bulls' fate has been in the balance since the full extent of their financial worries emerged in the weeks since their dramatic final-day escape. The club's debt to their football creditors, including former boss Martin Foyle, members of the current squad and clubs, added up to £148,000.
The 53-year-old man, identified as Ramu Chavan, was accosted by traffic police. Police say he confessed to beheading his wife but did not divulge a motive. He worked as a watchman at a building currently under construction. Police suspect he is mentally unstable and are seeking more information.
Helal Uddin and Mohammed Anwar Hossain were freed on Tuesday evening. They were seized from the al-Ghani oil field along with seven other foreigners. Islamic State militants were suspected of carrying out the abductions. An estimated 30,000 Bangladeshis are believed to be working in Libya.
Tommy Sheldon, from Southampton, died two weeks after being pulled from the inferno by a passer-by in Hursley, Hampshire. His mother Teresa Sheldon has also been charged with the attempted murder of another person, who cannot be named for legal reasons. She was remanded in custody when she appeared at Winchester Crown Court.
Investigators say there has been an "exponential rise" in atrocities committed in Syria. They have prepared five lists of names including "a variety of perpetrators from different groups" The Commission refused to say how many suspects were named, but diplomatic sources said there were approximately 200. The move would reverse a long-held policy of not naming alleged war criminals.
Reverend John Price, 82, of Bedale, North Yorkshire, denies 14 counts of indecent assault on boys aged between 11 and 17. He is accused of indecently assaulting two youths while at York Methodist Church and two while he was a minister in Pocklington, East Yorkshire.
John Letts, 55, and Sally Lane, 54, deny providing money for terrorism. They are due to appear at the Old Bailey on 23 June. Mr Letts is said to have left for Iraq aged 18 to join the Islamic State. Ms Lane is alleged to have attempted to send £500 to her son in January.
Ferry operator Condor said a mezzanine ramp was fixed and the vessel departed at about 10:10 BST. Last month it was put out of action on its second day in service after it struck the quayside at St Peter Port. Repairs to an electrical fault on the Condor Liberation were completed this week.
Consultation expected to start in December on 100 sites which could be earmarked for development. Final details will not be decided until Spring 2015. The city currently has a population of around 240,500 supporting 107,000 jobs. It expects over the next 10 years to be the main driver of the new Swansea Bay City Region.
Demonstrations held in various parts of the country including Dublin, Cork and Galway. The Right2Water campaign is made up of community groups, political groupings and trade unions. The Irish Department of the Environment said three out of four people are now paying water bills.
Shane McGuigan signed Josh Taylor to his Cyclone Promotions company when he won 2014 Commonwealth gold and turned pro. He is aiming for a 10th consecutive win when he defends his Commonwealth super-lightweight title against Hackney's WBC Silver champion Ohara Davies at Glasgow's Braehead Arena.
The hoard includes red and yellow pigments, shell containers, and grinding cobbles and bone spatulas to work up a paste. It is proof, say researchers, of our early ancestors' complexity of thought. Blombos Cave on the southern Cape Coast, 300km east of Cape Town, has been giving up remarkable archaeological treasures for 20 years.
Year-on-year growth of 7.7% was the strongest recorded in Ireland since the early 2000s. Ireland was among the eurozone's worst hit economies, with the bursting of its property bubble and soaring unemployment. Growth for 2014 was up-rated to 3% from 2.1%, but will now be around 4.5%.
City Square in Leeds could be closed to traffic by the end of the year. The move is part of a wider plan to make the city more pedestrian friendly. The city is also planning to build a new high-speed rail link to the city. The new rail link is expected to be completed by 2018.
The University of Malta was the only other European institution to make the list. The Princeton Review surveyed 150 institutions offering game design courses. The university was the first in the world in 1997 to offer degree level computer games development. It is the third year in a row that Abertay has made the top 10 list.
Scotland awoke on a damp, drizzly autumn morning in 2014 to a decisive, if not overwhelming, endorsement of the Union. 44.7% said yes to independence, 55.3% had said no. The independence campaign of 2014 was almost entirely prosaic, with advocates focusing on a "utilitarian nationalism"
The Foreign Office (FO) could not confirm the reports. A taxi driver said the man asked to be taken somewhere where he could shoot. He had shown no signs of stress while in the taxi, the driver said. An FO spokesman said: "We are urgently working with the authorities in Thailand to establish whether a British national has died"
Helen Richardson-Walsh scores twice as Great Britain beat Argentina. United States beat Japan 6-1 to stay second in Group B. New Zealand beat Spain 2-1, Germany beat South Korea 2-0 and China and the Netherlands played out a goalless draw.
Fernando Forestieri is a doubt for Huddersfield with a knee injury. David Nugent could return to the starting line-up after missing the last two games. Midfielder Jacob Butterfield is hoping for a recall after coming off the bench to score a late equaliser against Manchester United.
Megan Lee, from Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, died on 1 January. Two men held on suspicion of involuntary manslaughter by gross negligence have been bailed. Hyndburn Council temporarily closed Royal Spice due to below standard allergen management and a mice infestation.
Caroline Wootton-Thomas, 49, forged colleague's signatures on cheques. She transferred cash to a bank account she set up in her mother's name. Cardiff Crown Court jury convicted her of theft and transferring criminal property. Judge Neil Bidder said: "You have manipulated your mother in the most unscrupulous way"
ActiveQuote's software provides information on specialist health and protection insurance products. It has won four contracts to operate price comparison sites on behalf of online businesses, such as uSwitch. The Welsh government will provide Â£600,000 to back the firm. It was established by Dr Richard Theo who has a PhD in computer networks from Cardiff University.
The exercise was overseen by North leader Kim Jong-un, said KCNA state news agency. It called on the military to be ready to "ruthlessly" destroy the government in South. It is the latest in a series of angry gestures by Pyongyang. South's President Park Geun-Hye has ordered the army to be on alert.
Afghan officials say 2,500 fuel tankers are stranded at the border. Iran denies blocking fuel exports to Afghanistan. Iranian government fears the fuel could be used by foreign forces. But Afghan officials say these concerns are unfounded.Demonstrators accuse Tehran of interfering in Afghanistan's affairs.
Scientists hope the information will help shift the focus away from the way trees look towards on the focus on biodiversity. The goal of the database was to "find the right tree for the right place" Over the next decade, the urban environment is expected to increase by nearly 30%.Details have been published in the Landscape and Urban Planning journal.
Wales beat Italy 23-19 at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday. Toulon's Halfpenny ruptured anterior cruciate knee ligaments. Scrum-half Rhys Webb suffered an ankle injury in the match. Wales start their World Cup campaign against Uruguay in Cardiff on 20 September.
Ms Goulard is the second leading figure in President Macron's cabinet to leave ahead of a reshuffle. Her decision was linked to a French inquiry into claims that her centrist MoDem party wrongly used EU funds to pay party workers. One of the president's closest confidants, Richard Ferrand, announced his resignation on Monday.
Dillon was best known for his US collaborations with writer Garth Ennis. His brother Glyn confirmed the death on Twitter, saying his "big brother and hero" had died in New York City. He began professional work at age 16, drawing for Marvel UK's Hulk magazine.
Rory McIlroy is one over as he seeks a career Grand Slam. Defending champion Danny Willett missed the cut after shooting 78. Garcia, Fowler and Pieters all shot a day's best round of 67. American Hoffman, 40, carded a three-over 75 to drop to four under overall.
The latest pictures were acquired by the US space agency's Dawn spacecraft. The spots were seen from a distance of 13,600km. Dawn is now heading downwards to get even closer to the body. With a diameter of 950km, Ceres is the largest object in the main asteroid belt.
Alexander Young, 62, of Airdrie, North Lanarkshire, admitted failing to observe Mr Nisbet's car and colliding with it. The collision happened on the B7066 Whitburn Link Road near Polkemmet Country Park on 25 November 2015. Young pled guilty to a careless driving charge at Livingston Sheriff Court.
Officials in Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia all said they had not formally agreed to join the alliance. Saudi Arabia on Tuesday said 34 mainly Muslim nations would be part of the counter-terrorism grouping. Prince Mohammed said it would focus on efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Egypt and Afghanistan. Comes amid international pressure for Gulf Arab states to do more in the fight against so-called Islamic State.
Russia lost 3-0 to Wales in their opening game of the World Cup. The defeat was their third in a row and left them bottom of Group B. Russia's World Cup campaign starts in Brazil on June 14. The tournament will be the first to be held in Russia since 1986.
The 20-year-old has made seven senior appearances for the club. He has previously had loan spells at non-league sides Taunton Town and Bath City. He is one of five players to be offered a new deal by Darrell Clarke at the end of the season.
Warner fined £7,000 (AU $11,500) after incident in Birmingham on Sunday. The 26-year-old will miss the remainder of Australia's Champions Trophy campaign. He will also be absent for tour matches against Somerset and Worcestershire, but can play in the first Ashes Test on 10 July.
Wyre Forest District Council granted planning permission for the water park. The £80m project is expected to create between 300 and 500 jobs. Some residents have raised concerns about traffic congestion and the impact on the environment. The water park is due to open by 2017, the council said.
Malala Yousafzai was attacked on her way home from school in Mingora. Pakistani Taliban spokesman said they carried out the attack. She came to public attention in 2009 by writing a diary about life under Taliban militants. She has appeared on national and international television and spoken of her dream of a future Pakistan where education would prevail.
Sir Harry Burns is to chair the review of targets and performance indicators. He stepped down as chief medical officer in 2014 to focus on health inequalities. An initial report and recommendations are expected in spring 2017. The Scottish government is also planning on reviewing the number, structure and roles of health boards.
Michelle Mellotte, 61, took the money from Michael McGrory in February 2010. She was given a suspended prison sentence and was suspended from the medical register. The ruling was endorsed following a hearing by the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service in St James's Buildings in Manchester.
Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury found guilty of nine out of 23 charges. He is the first member of the Bangladesh National Party (BNP) to be tried by the court. BNP and his lawyers argue that the trial was politically motivated. Previous verdicts against Islamist leaders have been followed by protests.
Wakely (112) and Keogh (105 not out) combined to move the hosts from 60-3 to 214-3. The pair's 171-run stand put Northants in command, allowing them to declare on 289-7 with 16 overs left in the day. Northants need 10 wickets - and Leicestershire 350 runs - for victory.
The shortlist for this year's St David Awards has been announced. Peter Fuller was nominated for stepping in to stop a machete attack in Mold. Matthew James is also nominated for shielding his partner from bullets in Tunisia. The awards will be presented on 10 March.
The Bench won best original screenplay at the London International Filmmaker Festival. The film was written by a group of friends from Blaenau Gwent - and was their first attempt at writing a movie. The script was written in English, but the script was changed to Polish and actors enlisted from the town of Legnica.
The 10 men and three women, aged from 22 to 54, are from Lincolnshire and West Yorkshire. Ten face charges of conspiracy to hold another person in slavery or servitude. Two have been charged with cheating the public revenue, and another person has been charge with false representation and possession of criminal property.
The 39-year-old, who goes by the name Mick Fett, was born the year the first film in the series came out. He has amassed a vast collection of action figures, costumes and other merchandise. His collection fills the five-bedroom home he shares with his girlfriend and is estimated to be worth A$500,000.
Oscars 2017: Full coverage of the biggest night in Hollywood. Oscar nominations: See who won and who was nominated for best actor. Oscar winners: See which stars were awarded best actress and best supporting actor. Oscars will be shown live on ABC from 8.30pm on Sunday.
The Ibrox club had two bids rejected by the Canaries. The 30-year-old becomes the club's ninth summer signing. He made his senior debut for Livingston in May 2005. He then spent seven seasons at the Hawthorns before moving to Norwich. He said: "I just can't wait to get the boots on and get started"
The group had been sailing around the County Down lough. Three crew members went ashore on Green Island. Cabin cruiser then developed electrical problems as it made its way to Salt Island. A Portaferry lifeboat crew was launched at about 11:15 BST and everyone was safely taken to shore.
Christopher Hannah was driving a car which mounted the pavement and struck Sophie Brannan. Her friend Chelsea Sommerville, and Chelsea's uncle, Joseph Lloyd, were also badly injured. At the High Court in Glasgow, 33-year-old Hannah admitted a charge of culpable homicide.
The items have been highlighted during recent sonar scanning of the waterway in an effort to locate the remains of 11-year-old Moira Anderson. She left her grandmother's house in Coatbridge on 23 February 1957 to go to the shops but never returned. Convicted paedophile Alexander Gartshore is suspected of her murder.
President Zuma says there will be a zero increase of university fees in 2016. He announced the move as students gathered by his office in the capital. Police used stun grenades and water cannon to stop a group of students breaking into the Union Buildings, the seat of government in Pretoria.
Atlantis has been made darker and more serious in its new series. Executive producer Johnny Capps says it's a good thing for the show. Jack Donnelly says he was worried about the changes and how they would be received by the audience.Atlantis is on BBC One on Saturdays from 20:30 GMT.
Shoppers are expected to spend almost £1bn online on Monday - up almost a third from last year. Amazon said it had its biggest sales day in the UK on Friday, selling more than 7.4 million items. John Lewis said that this year's Black Friday saw its biggest ever single-day trade, up 11.9%.
The robot sucked the air into its big Sample Analysis at Mars (Sam) instrument to reveal the concentration of different gases. No major surprises are expected at this stage - carbon dioxide will dominate. Of keener interest will be whether a signal for methane has been detected by Curiosity. The gas has recently been observed by satellite and by Earth telescopes.
Pressure is growing, particularly in schools on London's fringes and in cities such as Leicester, Nottingham, Reading and Peterborough. In London, around 99,000 pupils or 95% received a place at one of their six preferred schools - up 1,100 and nearly five percentage points from last year. In Kensington and Chelsea, only 59% got their first preference.
'Paul Smith to J.K. Rowling' opens at the University of Hull on Wednesday. The works were all commissioned as part of the BP Portrait Award first prize. The National Portrait Gallery said it was a "rare opportunity" to see all the commissions in one place.
Hend, 43, carded a one-over-par 73 to finish on nine under after the third round. Hatton, 24, birdied five of his last eight holes to shoot a six-under 66. Lee Westwood (68) and YE Yang (75) are tied for third on seven under. Masters champion Danny Willett is a shot further back.
A four-year-old girl was bitten by a dog in Skegness, Lincolnshire. The Jack Russell-type dog was not on a lead at the time of the incident. Police are treating the incident as an offence of having a dog dangerously out of control in a public place.
Ai Weiwei accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after it refused his bulk order for bricks for a new exhibition in Melbourne, Australia. Lego said it has never sold directly to anyone wanting to use its product to make a political statement. The artist will now use the donated toy bricks to made a "new work"
Robert Kubica won the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix for BMW Sauber. He suffered a partially severed right hand in a rally accident on the eve of the 2011 season. The Polish driver is competing in the European Rally Championship for Citroen. Kubica is doing work for the Mercedes F1 team in their simulator as he continues his recovery.
The first series of Strictly Come Dancing will be shown next year. The 16-strong line-up will compete in bobsleigh, slalom and ski cross events. Former I'm A Celebrity contestants will also take part in the series. The show will be hosted by Simon Cowell and will be on Channel 5.
Rherras is a 23-year-old left-sided player of Moroccan descent. He has spent the last year playing for Sint-Truiden in the Belgian top flight. Sammon has agreed a three-year contract as he leaves Derby County. They will arrive as Hearts prepare for their first Europa League qualifier.
Mr Turnbull is the fourth prime minister since 2013. He attended his first Question Time in parliament on Tuesday. Mr Abbott said it had been "a tough day, but when you join the game, you accept the rules" He did not say if he would remain on the backbench or eventually resign.
A survey of 2,750 11- to 18-year-olds found one in 10 admitted checking their mobile phones for notifications at least 10 times a night. The poll was carried out by Digital Awareness UK and the Headmasters' and Headmistresses' Conference. The organisations warn night-time usage of mobiles means pupils are coming to school tired and unable to concentrate.
The 1949 Delahaye Roadster was given to Dors when she was 17. It is one of only 150 Roadsters made, and only one of 51 of its specific model. Dors, who was seen as the British Marilyn Monroe, died in 1984 aged 52.
Qiang Gao, 39, attacked the co-worker in the kitchen of the Szechuan Express takeaway in Thatcham, Berkshire in May. The victim, 40, suffered severe head injuries including a fractured skull and had a finger partially severed. Gao denied attempted murder, claiming self-defence, but was found guilty by a jury after a five-day trial.
The Lynx UK Trust has suggested trial reintroductions in Aberdeenshire, Argyll, Northumberland, Cumbria and Norfolk. It said the plan has public support and research it commissioned sets out benefits of the big cats' return. The National Farmers Union (NFU) has previously raised concerns.
The 160,000 sq ft shopping centre in Edinburgh is set to undergo a £1bn revamp. John Lewis said it expected most of the changes to be completed by the end of the month. The new St James Centre is due to open in 2020, with the final touches due to be finished by August.
Wales international Huws, 23, is a Manchester City academy graduate. Samuel, 22, came through the ranks at Reading and has two goals in 16 senior appearances for the Championship side. He has also previously had loan spells at Colchester, Dagenham, Coventry and Gillingham and was Ipswich's sixth addition of the transfer window.
Tynan died after being hit by a train at West Allerton station in Merseyside. Family paid tribute to a "vibrant, generous and fun-loving girl" Tynan's death is not being treated as suspicious by British Transport Police. England internationals Lucy Bronze and Casey Stoney have also paid tribute.
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, said she drank body lotion because she was hungry and thirsty. She was only brought out on Saturday morning after security forces found a teacher she knew to convince her it was safe to come out. Her roommates were taken out and divided up between those who were able to recite verses of the Koran and those who weren't.
Hussain pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism at Sheffield Crown Court. He was sentenced to five years and three months imprisonment and one year on licence. Police said the actions of Hussain's family may well have saved lives, including his own. The 31-year-old made it to Turkey before his family alerted police.
Sleiman Daoud al-Afari was once a specialist in chemical and biological weapons for Saddam Hussein, Iraqi and US sources say. He was reportedly seized last month in Irbil, a Kurdish stronghold in northern Iraq. He is being questioned about IS plans to use mustard gas, which is banned under international law, in Iraq and Syria.
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named during a live awards show on Sunday, 14 December 2014 (BBC One & BBC One HD) An expert panel (hereafter 'the Panel') will be convened in November 2014 in London to decide the shortlist. Voting for the main award will be from a shortlist of 10 contenders presented during the live show.
The announcement reignited a long-running debate about Hermione's race. The character's skin colour is never specified by author JK Rowling. Some argue that it makes sense for Hermione to be black because of the challenges she goes through. Art by Harry Potter fans depicting Hermione as black has been circulating.
Programme makers did not disclose the comments made by Biggins. But they said the Channel 5 show "does not tolerate offensive language" Biggins, 67, had sparked controversy four days earlier over comments that bisexual people were "the worst type" Two of the other housemates have received official warnings from Big Brother.
Denmark's health service has reorganised the way patients are diagnosed. A team of cancer specialists, GPs, NHS and public health experts from Wales have just returned from a fact-finding visit to Aarhus, Denmark's second city. The new system helps doctors who suspect something is wrong but not necessarily cancer.
An exclusion zone remains in force on the river while experts make safe the sea mine. It is thought to be a British mine, dating from the 1940s or 1950s. The evacuation affected three streets, with wider safety advice issued to residents within 500m of the device. Small boat owners were told not to sail during the operation.
Uefa general secretary has included the plan in his manifesto for the Fifa election on 26 February. His idea follows European football's governing body Uefa's decision to play Euro 2020 in 13 different countries. Fifa president Sepp Blatter has been banned for eight years from all football-related activities for breaching ethics rules.
Worcester City are set to be relegated from the National League. The club have been without a manager since the end of last season. They hope to have a new boss in place in time for the start of the new season. The new boss will be the club's third manager in three years.
Twelve bell ringers recreated the historical chimes from 1767. It is the oldest church with this number of bells in the UK. The chimes were first heard in 1767 and are now being played by a group of 12 bell-ringers at St Paul's Church in London.
The listed properties on London Road were last used by the Witan International College 10 years ago. The university, which owns the buildings, and a private developer plan to convert them into 53 apartments.Christopher Reeve of the university said the buildings "create a sense of heritage" in the town.
Vunipola has been out of action since November with a knee injury. The 24-year-old could now be in contention to face Scotland on 11 March. He was one of England's outstanding performers in the Six Nations last year. His brother Mako recently made his own comeback from a knee problem.
Flood waters have reached platform level at North Llanwrst station. A tree has been removed from the Aberystwyth-Birmingham line after a landslip. Network Rail said the situation would be monitored as more heavy rain is forecast for Wednesday. Four flood warnings are in place for north and south west Wales.
Michael Hoolickin, 27, suffered multiple stab wounds in Middleton, Greater Manchester. Timothy Deakin, 21, denied murder but was found guilty by a jury at Bolton Crown Court. He was ordered to serve a minimum of 27 years and also sentenced to three years for wounding and possession of a weapon.
Former Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho is now expected to take over at Old Trafford. United finished fifth in the Premier League this season, which means missing out on the Champions League. Winning the FA Cup on Saturday wasn't enough to save van Gaal. He's been given the boot after two years.
Fire crews sprayed the whales with seawater as local teams tried to return them to the sea. Expert Jacky Karpouzopoulos said the beaching may have followed the death of a dominant male in the pod. The group was in the middle of a deep-sea migration towards the Faroe Islands to reproduce and feed.
Cars are being illegally parked on local streets by staff and patients. There are currently 626 staff waiting for a parking space at the Good Hope Hospital. A plan to set up a park-and-ride scheme has been rejected because of its affordability. The hospital is looking at demountable parking decks as one solution.
There are waiting times of up to three and a half hours at the terminal in Folkestone and an hour in Calais. The delays are "due to increased security measures," Eurotunnel said. A boy is the 11th person to have died in or near the tunnel since late June.
The numbers are stark - for the first time in India's recent history, not only was there a decline in the female labour participation rate, but also a shrinking of the total number of women in the workforce. "India stands out because of a such a sharp decline within such a short period," researchers told me.
Wes Morgan remains out with a back injury and Nampalys Mendy is a doubt. Xherdan Shaqiri is set to miss an eighth straight game for Stoke with a calf problem, despite starting for Switzerland last Saturday. Phil Bardsley is out after his red card against Chelsea. Geoff Cameron's thigh problem will be monitored.
Judge dismisses girl's claim that Paul Frew linked her name to anti-social behaviour via a social media post. Mr Frew said he had never meant to harass the girl. Judge said comments made by others on Facebook did not target the schoolgirl. North Antrim MLA said he felt "vindicated" after the judgement.
Trafford Council closed Bollin Primary School in Bowdon, Greater Manchester. It follows a strike by teachers on Thursday, supported by some parents. The school has appointed Kylie Spark as interim head teacher while Michelle Brindle is "not in school" A petition of no confidence in Ms Brindle has been signed by more than 900 people.
Seven straight wins have lifted the Warriors into third place in the Pro12. They are two points behind leaders Leinster and Connacht with three games remaining. Glasgow travel to Scarlets, home to Zebre and away to Connacht in the final round. The final takes place at Murrayfield on Saturday, 28 May.
The crash happened on the southbound carriageway at Bramshott. The 32-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene. The road was closed until early evening while police investigated. The incident is being investigated by the Serious Crash Investigation Unit (SCBI)
Berahino, 21, was travelling at 110mph when he was stopped by Cheshire Police near junction 20 of the southbound M6 in the early hours of 22 October. He was found to have 101 mg of alcohol per 100 ml of blood - the drink-drive limit is 80 mg. North Cheshire Magistrates in Runcorn fined Berahino Â£3,400 and offered him a drink-driver referral course.
Born in 1923 near Paris, she fled Nazi-occupied France with her then husband, prominent actor Marcel Dalio, in 1940. The couple ended up in Hollywood, and both played in Casablanca. Her subsequent work includes the role of a temperamental French actress in Fellini's 8 1/2.
The 28-year-old centre-back spent a spell on the sidelines with a similar problem last season. He also missed the start of the season after surgery on a back injury. Shawcross will now miss the second leg of the Capital One Cup semi-final at Liverpool on Tuesday.
Lenin Moreno, of the governing left-wing Pais party, will fight former banker Guillermo Lasso for the top job. There had been tension after long delays in the count. National Electoral Council President Juan Pablo Pozo blamed the delays on "numerical inconsistencies" in 5.5% of the ballots.
No international side has toured Bangladesh since 20 people were killed in a siege at a cafe in Dhaka in July. The England and Wales Cricket Board said in August that tour would go ahead following a security review. England will be skippered by Jos Buttler after limited-overs captain Eoin Morgan and Alex Hales decided not to tour.
Recorded Future said it was impossible to say whether all the passwords were active. The company scanned more than 680,000 web sources over the course of a year. The data was connected with the departments of defence, justice, the treasury and energy as well as the CIA and the director of National Intelligence.
UK government will keep Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland up-to-date about negotiations. Mr Russell said transparency about UK government plans was needed. UK government hopes High Court judgment on how Article 50 will be triggered will be overruled on appeal to the Supreme Court next month. Scottish government will seek to oppose UK government in Supreme Court.
The Tayside outfit lost both their games on their maiden outing at the showpiece finals in Nottingham. But the Stars showed up well in the 4-2 semi-final defeat to Cardiff Devils and the 15-8 third-place match loss to Belfast Giants. Sheffield Steelers took the silverware in an epic Sunday final, beating Cardiff Devils 6-5 after overtime in a game that lasted just under 95 minutes.
The UK Sport-funded GB women's team will need to rank in the top six from nations who have not already qualified. Ex-England lifter Hannah Powell will line up at her first major international since the 2011 World Championships. The unfunded British men's team need a top-seven place at the European Championships in Forde.
Liverpool will insist on £30m for Mamadou Sakho. Lazar Markovic is a target for Watford and Zenit St Petersburg. Former Sevilla left-back Moreno is also wanted by AC Milan and Inter Milan. Liverpool have signed Mohamed Salah in a £34m deal from Roma.
Kengo Kuma was given a tour of the construction site in Dundee. He said: "I can feel the scale of the spaces and the scale is as I expected" It will take the remainder of 2016 to take the building up to roof height. The project is expected to be completed in 2017.
Population of Venice has dropped to under 55,000, from about 175,000 in 1951. Locals say they are being forced out by high rents, housing shortages and a surge in the number of apartments being rented to visitors at inflated prices. The number of people in the picturesque and car-free lagoon-side city swells in the daytime.
Augustin Dobre and Ionut Muti were caught on CCTV dumping waste. The pair were found to have dumped 42 tonnes of waste over 15 visits. Dobre, 23, was handed a six-month prison sentence. Muti, 24, will serve 11 months.
Four of those on board, three soldiers and an airman, were stationed at RAF Odiham in Hampshire. The fifth, an Army reservist, was based in London. MoD said the crash near Kandahar air base appeared to have been a "tragic accident"
SCC said there was potential to sell goods and services which Chinese firms and consumers wanted and needed. The trade mission saw SCC hold meetings with senior business people, politicians and local government officials. SCC intends to return to the province later this year to "explore new ways to foster co-operation between the two countries"
Ms Yau and fellow party member Sixtus Leung won elections in September, gaining more than 55,000 votes between them. They became involved in a new political party - Youngspiration - that campaigns against mainland China's influence on Hong Kong. The duo sparked a furore when they were being sworn in last month, and their oaths were invalidated.
Manchester United beat Anderlecht 3-2 in their Europa League quarter-final. The result means United are through to the last eight of the competition. The draw for the semi-finals will take place at midday on Friday. CLICK HERE for all the latest Manchester United news.
Security experts warn that African governments and commercial online services are vulnerable to criminals. The two largest economies in Africa are each estimated to lose $500m (Â£375m) annually to cyber criminals. African governments are fighting against local and international hacktivist groups who have carried out several disruptive attacks in recent years.
The Electoral Reform Society said the impact of political leaders had been "minimal" It called for a "root and branch" review of the way referendums are run. The UK voted to leave the EU on 23 June by 51.9% to 48.1%.
Theresa May is determined to make this election about the EU, says Andrew Marr. He says the Conservatives are on course to become the largest party in Wales. But Labour has proved resilient in the face of difficult circumstances, he says. Marr: The Tories need to be careful that Welsh Labour are not able to change the narrative.
Konta is taking a short break before preparing for the US Open in August. Australian-born 26-year-old says she is proud to represent Great Britain. Konta reached the Wimbledon semi-finals with a 6-4 6-2 defeat of Simona Halep.
Paulinho is Barcelona's first signing since Neymar left for Paris St-Germain. The Brazilian joined Tottenham for £17m from Corinthians in 2013. The 29-year-old helped Evergrande win last season's Chinese Super League. Barca are also keen on Liverpool midfielder Philippe Coutinho.
Yorkshire Water said the problem was detected at Tophill Low and Keldgate. The HU7 and HU8 postcodes were particularly affected by the problem. A spokesman said the issue had now been resolved but it could take several hours for water supplies to return to normal.
Magical Journey, at The Belfry Golf Club, near Sutton Coldfield, closed. Organisers said they had "no alternative" after a "key financial backer dropped out" Ticket-holders have been advised to contact their banks for refunds. The event closed for three days last month after dissatisfied customers branded the top price of a children's ticket a "rip-off"
Nathan Gill has been told by the UKIP assembly group to stop "double-jobbing" as an AM and MEP. Ms Jones is one of two people who could take up the role if Mr Gill made it vacant. The other is South Wales East AM David Rowlands. Mr Gill said those making such calls were doing it out of "malice"
Ghana's health ministry says it has enough nurses and it is no longer useful to keep them under bond. They introduced it 10 years ago when the West African country was suffering from a shortfall of nurses. It takes four years to qualify as a nurse and those already in the scheme will have to finish their five-year service.
John Porter's brother Mike, 66, died at the scene in Turleigh, Wiltshire. The men were walking dogs on leads across a public footpath. They were knocked to the ground by two cows and stamped on. Mr Porter said he hoped more could be done to prevent a further tragedy.
Two thieves broke into the production room to steal two laptops and car keys. They fled with a Mercedes Sprinter Splitter van containing crew suitcases and Bill Bailey tour merchandise. Merseyside Police say they are studying CCTV evidence. The comedian's Limboland tour continues later in Cardiff.
Rooney has signed a five-year deal at Old Trafford worth £250,000-a-week. The deal is worth more than the £85m the club would have had to spend on a replacement for the England striker if he left the club. United are struggling to compete in the Premier League this season.
Pilgrims beat Portsmouth 2-1 in the second leg of their Capital One Cup semi-final. Hartley headed home from a 91st-minute corner to send the game to Wembley. The 28-year-old says it is the biggest moment of his career so far.
Revised figures showed that Japan's economy expanded by 1% in the first three months from the previous three, up from an initial estimate of 0.6%. It also grew 3.9% on an annualised basis, compared with a preliminary reading of 2.4%. The benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended flat at 20,457.19 points.
Revenue rose by 24% to a record $3.5bn, due to higher sales volumes. Firm also benefitted from a new pricing regime at its Pluto LNG project. Price for LNG from Pluto facility increased by 36%, and this rise was reflected in its customer contracts.
Small businesses need to be aware of the risks of poor data security. Cybercrime costs the UK economy an estimated £27bn a year. 25% of businesses do not reopen following a major disaster, according to the Institute for Business and Home Safety. A third of FSB members have been victims of online crime over the last year.
If approved by parliament, the code will end consensual searches from May. Officers must have a "reasonable suspicion" based on "facts, information and/or intelligence" But officers will not be allowed to search someone based purely on their appearance or because they have previous convictions. Police Scotland says it has made "real progress" on the issue.
The route between Edinburgh and Tweedbank had been hit by delays and cancellations. ScotRail apologised for the problems and said buses had been organised to supplement the trains that could run. More minor disruption on the route between the Borders and Edinburgh was cleared by about 16:00.
UK Anti-Doping figures reveal players from Wales make up 33% of all sportsmen and women serving drugs bans. 17 Welsh rugby union and league players are currently banned, with the majority found to have traces of anabolic steroids in their systems. WRU chief Martyn Phillips is not "overly concerned" because the number tested is proportionately higher than in other rugby unions and sports.
Armenia and many historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed by Ottoman forces in 1915. Turkey has always disputed that figure and said the deaths were part of a civil conflict triggered by WW1. Pope Francis also referred to the crimes "perpetrated by Nazism and Stalinism"
Three people who know Armstrong well gave their thoughts. Frankie Andreu believes there should be no way back into cycling for Armstrong. The Sunday Times journalist first raised questions about Armstrong in 1999. The former French road cyclist, his career effectively ended when he spoke out against doping in the 1990s.
Glastonbury is the first festival to use recycled stainless steel pint cups. The £5 deposit might encourage people to hang on to them. They don't have lids, and are an awkward and non-aerodynamic shape to throw. The real danger comes from full bottles with the top still on.
The Inverness base is one of the UK's busiest search and rescue units. The 500 missions include rescues of hillwalkers and climbers and searches for missing people. The base is operated for the HM Coastguard by Bristow Helicopters Limited. The role was previously carried out by the RAF and Navy.
City have allegedly failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. The FA has a 'three strikes' policy and the most likely punishment is a fine. It is understood the information was not updated following a change to training routines. The fact City have accepted the charge is not a surprise.
PM Grindeanu lost the censure motion by 241 votes to 10. His left-wing Social Democrat party (PSD) had accused him of failing to carry out necessary economic reforms. Within weeks, protests erupted across the country over a decree seen as weakening anti-corruption measures in one of the EU's most corrupt member states.
Users in Doncaster, North Wales and Bristol are among those affected. Sky Go Extra still works at slow internet speeds - however, Sky's other streaming services rely on the user having a 2 megabit per second connection. One expert said the product might add to the strain.
Security expert Professor Anthony Glees said the attack had demonstrated a "lack of protection" within Parliament. Parliamentary spokesman said security was always under "constant review" but the building had to remain "open and accessible" for it to function. Unconfirmed reports that alleged assailant was shot dead by a member of Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon's close protection team.
Cancer Research UK said the results were 'promising' But dosages should not be changed without a doctor's advice. The follow-up study saw patients given half the standard dose for the first 12 months. If leukaemia levels remained low, the drug was then stopped completely.
Thomas Jackson, 30, of Congleton, Cheshire, was injured as he tried to help Mia Ayliffe-Chung, 20, in the attack at a hostel last week. Mr Jackson's father Les said: "We are bereft. Our darling Tom has left us and the world is a poorer place" Frenchman Smail Ayad, 29, has been charged with murdering Ms Ayliff- Chung and attempting to murder Mr Jackson.
Atletico lost 2-1 to Barcelona in Champions League quarter-final first leg. Fernando Torres sent off for two needless bookings inside seven minutes. Luis Suarez scored both home goals, but earlier appeared to kick Juanfran. Atletico manager Diego Simeone incensed by decision of German referee Felix Brych.
Jack Walsh is working for the hugely popular Game Grumps channel in Los Angeles. His passion for film was sparked by his A-level course in moving image arts. The 23-year-old is also involved in the planned expansion into TV comedy on YouTube's Red channel.
The men, in their 20s, were stopped at Aston Quay in the city on Friday, 29 July. Police found ecstasy tablets worth an estimated 418,000 euro (£353,176) and cocaine worth 24,000 euros (£20,278) A quantity of cash was also seized.
Jeremy Corbyn has signed 19,485 Early Day Motions (EDM) since 1989. He is a long-time supporter of the Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. In 1996 he filed a motion titled "Ferris wheel and the homeless" He wants to remove the vending machines that are "packed with crisps, fizzy drinks"
Longford Town Centre was to be a cathedral of commerce - now it stands as a monument to the end of the Celtic Tiger and the Republic of Ireland's economic crash and burn. Local traders believe the bad times are slowly changing. Fianna FÃ¡il, the main opposition party, is highly critical of how the Fine Gael-Labour coalition is dealing with the midlands.
Foreign Office says UK will engage with Russia where it is in national interest. Boris Johnson has been hugely critical of Russia recently. He has accused it of engaging in "dirty tricks" such as cyber attacks. The Russian embassy in London has accused him of trying to reopen the Cold War.
Only about 2,500 people survived in the largest single loss of life for British forces in the whole of World War II. Anyone who believes they or a family member could be eligible for a medal has until 15 May to apply. The Scottish government has issued more than 375 medals since the war's end.
There are more than 33,000 fixed-odds betting terminals in the UK. Labour said they were "an example of David Cameron's Britain" and councils should have new powers to curb them. Culture Minister Helen Grant told MPs their future was "unresolved" and bookmakers must take immediate action.
Olympic gold medallist pulls out of New York marathon with knee injury. Gebrselassie, 37, has won more than 20 sporting records. He is also a businessman, educator, philanthropist and art collector. He founded the Great Ethiopian Run, which is now Africa's biggest road race.
Nikkei is one of Japan's oldest and most prestigious newspaper groups. It has managed impressive staying power at a time when the industry is on the decline. But little is known about the man behind the deal - except for the fact that in previous interviews he has alluded to the need for the Nikkei group to expand.
Uruguay striker can now train and play in friendly matches. Suarez's lawyers argued Fifa's decision to suspend him was too strong. The 27-year-old will still have to serve the remaining eight games of his nine-match ban in competitive international games. His competitive Barcelona debut is likely to be at Real Madrid on 26 October.
Sernas started his career with Dainava Alytus in his homeland. He has also played in Russia, Turkey and Australia. The 30-year-old was previously with Wigry Suwalki, who are 14th in Poland's second tier.County have already signed former Celtic defender Marcus Fraser.
The plans resolve a concussion lawsuit filed against the federation by parents. They also intend to limit the amount of heading in practice for children between the ages of 11 and 13. The lawsuit filed by young players and their parents in August 2014 accused governing bodies of acting "carelessly and negligently" and failing to protect young players.
The proposed offer is worth £10.75 a share in cash, a premium of 36% to the closing price on 8 December. Rupert Murdoch controls 21st Century Fox, which already owns a 39.1% stake in Sky. Sterling's 16% fall against the US dollar has made UK companies more attractive targets for foreign companies.
The men, aged 36 and 37, were arrested on Monday in the Rotherham area. South Yorkshire Police said the arrests were part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation. Three men arrested in Goole, East Yorkshire, in November as part of the same inquiry remain on bail.
The two men are believed to be in their 20s and one is in his 30s. Police are appealing for information from anyone who saw the men. The incident happened in the Barmulloch area of Glasgow. The men are said to have threatened a member of staff with a knife.
Competitors aged 14 to 19 are hiking distances of up to 55 miles (89 km) They are visiting 10 nominated tors over two days. The 56th event started at 07:00 BST, with 2,400 teenagers taking part. The first teams are expected to cross the finish line on Sunday morning.
The National Assets Management Agency (Nama) is the Republic of Ireland's "bad bank" It was set up to deal with toxic loans after the 2008 property crash. UK's National Crime Agency (NCA) is investigating Nama's Northern Ireland deal after cash was transferred to an Isle of Man bank account.
Steffan Roberts Vernon, 33, from Caernarfon, died at the Llanberis beauty spot in Gwynedd. Alexander Hadley, 21, from nearby Dinorwig, also died on Sunday. Two others, aged 27 and 25, were treated in hospital and later released.
St Columba's School in Inverclyde has taken action over the allegations. A 56-year-old man has also been reported to police over alleged sexual abuse. Police Scotland said it would be inappropriate to comment further at this time. The school caters for about 700 pupils with annual fees of about Â£11,000.
Tiote, 30, died after collapsing during training for Chinese second-tier side Beijing Enterprises on 5 June. Friends, family and former team-mates attended the memorial and his coffin was draped with an Ivory Coast flag. Senegal striker Cisse: "I lived some extraordinary moments with this man and today he is gone"
Japan's Nikkei fell 1.6% to 17,450.77 on its last trading day this year. But the index ends the year up 7.1%, driven by aggressive asset purchases by the Bank of Japan. China shares traded in opposite directions with Hong Kong's Hang Seng index down 0.9% at 23,550.44.
The Z10 handset is seen as crucial to the future of Blackberry. The company reported profits of $98m (£65m) for the quarter, after posting a big loss for the same period last year. Blackberry lost three million users over the year, down from 79 million 12 months ago.
Proserv said the deals strengthened its position in the subsea controls and communications field. Under the first deal with Taqa, Proserv will build a control system for three subsea wells near the Tern platform in the Cladhan field. The other contract with an unnamed established operator involves subsea well and manifold control systems.
STRB recommends a pay rise of just 1% for teachers in England and Wales from this September. The rise applies to all leadership and teacher pay ranges and to allowances. Teachers' unions expressed disappointment at the 1% rise, saying it would do nothing to ease recruitment and retention issues.
France's National Front came first in about 70% of the country's regions. UK Independence Party (UKIP) had 27.5% of vote and 24 MEPs in the UK. Spain's new Podemos party, which has its roots in the indignado movement, won five seats.
Dywedodd Charles Hendry, awdur yr adroddiad, y gallai morlynnoedd llanw fod yn "ddiwydiant newydd cyffrous a phwysig i'r Deyrnas Unedig" "Ar ôl astudio'r dystiolaeth a siarad â phobl allweddol ar y ddwy ochr, fy marn i yw y dylen ni gymryd"
Liverpool City Council used a budget simulator to ask residents about a council tax rise of 5%, plus a further 6% to pay for social care. 57% of respondents said no to the plan. Mayor Joe Anderson also revealed plans for a Liverpool lottery in his New Year message on his Liverpool Express blog.
Drought and heatwave across the US has destroyed much of the country's corn crop. Under US law, 40% of the corn harvest must be used to make biofuel. The UN says this could contribute to a food crisis around the world. But the US argues that producing much of its own fuel is good for the country.
Researchers at the University of Bristol believe the shape of beer glasses affects the speed people drink. They argue that the curvy glassware makes pacing yourself a much greater challenge. A group of 159 men and women were filmed drinking either soft drinks or beer as part of the study. People drinking from both straight and curved glasses finished after around seven minutes.
Dugdale, 29, spent a year at the National League club, making 20 appearances and scoring two goals. Liverpool-born Dugdale posted on Twitter that "the distance from home and my young family was too much" Cole, 23, was recently transfer-listed having signed from Staines Town in January.
The project had $4,739 (Â£2,922) in pledges out of a target of $80,000. It had promised "gameplay characteristics will be similar to that of World of Warcraft and the graphics quality should be up there with Skyrim" The project was pulled by its creator.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 21, is charged with 30 counts related to the bombings, which killed three people and wounded more than 260 in April 2013. Medical examiners gave graphic details of the injuries suffered by those who died in the attack. The defence began calling its own witnesses later on Monday. Mr Tsarnaev could face the death penalty if found guilty.
Walkouts in the NHS are quite different from other sectors. Ministers in England and Northern Ireland have awarded NHS staff a 1% increase. But only for those without automatic progression-in-the-job rises. Unions have been told that they are free to come up with another solution.
John "Jack" Zawadski, 82, and his nephew filed the lawsuit after being told that the funeral parlour did not "deal with their kind" But the co-owner of the funeral home has tearfully denied the allegations. Henrietta Brewer said that her mortuary had handled the funerals of "well over a dozen" gay people.
Nottingham has more than 500 man-made caves which have been used for dwellings and jail cells. Tour will take in Mortimer's Hole under Nottingham Castle and King David's Dungeon. Virtual reality tour will allow visitors who are unable to descend the steps into the caves to experience them.
Noah Zunde, who was 22 months old, died after being left in a car for seven hours. His mother, Romy, mistakenly believed she dropped him at childcare, the inquest heard. A psychologist told the inquest he believed she suffered a memory lapse called "forgotten baby syndrome"
Tumours can "seed" themselves elsewhere in the body and this process is behind 90% of cancer deaths. Researchers at the Sanger Institute in Cambridge were trying to figure out what affected tumour spread. Targeting one gene - called Spns2 - led to a three-quarters reduction in tumours spreading to the lungs.
Hobart Hurricanes face Sydney Sixers on Friday for a place in Sunday's final. Hurricanes skipper Heather Knight and Sixers all-rounder Laura Marsh are the only England players left in the competition. Thunder's male counterparts also reached the final of the men's Big Bash League, beating Adelaide Strikers.
The Scottish Conservatives claim a surge in support has "sunk" a case for a second indy poll. The Scotsman says the results have laid down the "battlelines" for the upcoming general election. The Scottish Daily Mail claims it was the Conservatives' best-ever council election result.
Bell travelled around the Middle East in the early 1890s and is credited with drawing up the borders of modern Iraq. Her Grade II* listed childhood home, Red Barns, in Redcar, has since been a pub and hotel and is now empty. Redcar Labour MP Anna Turley is seeking help to save the building and use it as a museum, learning centre and tourist attraction.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky says he is considering asking for political asylum in the UK. He was speaking in a BBC interview after a Russian court declared him "under arrest in absentia" He is accused of ordering several of his employees to kill both the mayor and a businessman, who survived.
Theresa May says all of the samples submitted so far have failed. She tells MPs that she expects to name a judge to head the public inquiry. The government has made almost  £1.25m of discretionary payments to charities. The fire started in a fridge-freezer in the north Kensington block.
The state newspaper says the "suave" liquor will spare you wincing when you wake, despite boasting 30%-40% alcohol. The brew is reportedly made from a type of indigenous ginseng called insam and glutinous rice. North Korean media is known for making often outlandish claims about its domestic achievements.
The Falcons lost 28-20 at Worcester Warriors on Saturday. It was the Falcons fourth defeat of the new campaign. London Irish have also yet to record a win, but have better points difference. Newcastle are currently rooted to the bottom of the Aviva Premiership. The Falcons are yet to win a game this season, and have lost all four games.
Reuben Lewis from Llanidloes was driven 45 minutes from Ysgol Cedewain without teachers or transport staff realising he was still on board. BBC Wales understands he was then left alone on the parked bus in Rhayader on two separate occasions. Council said there had been a "serious breakdown in communication"
President Trump said Paris deal would only have a "tiny, tiny" impact on temperatures. But researchers have told BBC News that the President was "cherry picking in the extreme" They say that the Paris deal could make the difference between tolerable and dangerous levels of warming. The authors believe that withdrawing from Paris is the wrong approach.
Cpl James Dunsby was one of three people to die from overheating. The 31-year-old's temperature was 40.4C (104.7F) in July 2013. He died at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Merthyr Tydfil 17 days later.
Google is working on technology that combines disease-detecting nanoparticles with a wrist-worn sensor. The idea is to identify slight changes in the person's biochemistry that could act as an early warning system. Project is being conducted by the search company's research unit, Google X, which is dedicated to investigating potentially revolutionary innovations.
Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to reach the final of the Africa Cup of Nations. They will play Cameroon in the final on Sunday. Ghana have not won the tournament since 1982. They are bidding to become the first African nation to do so since Ghana in 1966.
The 23-year-old was named player of the year at Morecambe's awards night. He has scored three goals in 127 games for the Shrimps since joining from Blackburn Rovers in May 2014. He is the third signing for the League One newcomers after the arrivals of Ruben Lameiras and Lionel Ainsworth.
Melanie Harris, 44, emptied the bank account of 65-year-old Ted Carter. She used it for shopping trips and family presents between 2011 and 2013. Harris, from Barnstaple, had denied one count of fraud but was jailed for two-and-a-half years.
Gianni Infantino has outlined his vision for an expanded World Cup. The head of football's governing body said a 48-team tournament was the most financially appealing. A decision will be made in January but any change to the 32-team format is unlikely to come in before 2026.
Kathleen Arkinson said she felt police missed opportunities to question witnesses. She complained to the Police Ombudsman in 2006 about the police investigation. Arlene, who was 15, went missing after a night out in County Donegal in 1994. The main suspect in her disappearance, Robert Howard, died in prison last year.
Age UK review identified more than three million people aged over 65 with a care need. Just two-thirds of them were actually getting help, the review found. The charity warned that the lack of support for the ageing population was risking their health. But ministers said steps were being taken to provide more help.
Ruth Carr attacked Alan Allan, 34, at about 09:00 on 25 January last year after an argument. Carr, who was wearing only underwear at the time, had claimed Mr Allan had sexually assaulted her. A jury at the High Court in Glasgow rejected her claims of self defence.
At least 100 others were wounded in the strike, which reportedly struck a warehouse containing weapons. The commando unit is allied with Houthi rebels whose military capabilities the coalition has been trying to destroy. Residents of the Bakeel al-Meer area said that at least 40 people had been killed, mostly civilians.
The motion was tabled by Jim O'Callaghan, Fianna FÃ¡il, amid fears that the planned march could lead to violence. A rally in Dublin in 2006 was abandoned after rioting erupted. Stones and fireworks were thrown after republican demonstrators mounted a counter-march.
Welshman Chaz Davies won the race as Northern Ireland's Rea, 29, secured an unassailable 55-point lead. England's Tom Sykes, who needed to win and for team-mate Rea to finish outside the top 14, finished fourth. Davies has won six of the past seven races and is only seven points behind Sykes.
The detainees are part of a group of 88 prisoners previously held by the US. The US insists they are "dangerous individuals" but Afghanistan says there is not enough evidence against them. The two countries have been at loggerheads over President Karzai's refusal to sign a security deal with Washington.
The 65th Annual Directors Guild Awards were held on Saturday in Los Angeles. The win would normally be an indicator of Oscar success as the recipient nearly always goes on to claim the same prize at Hollywood's biggest night. But Affleck missed out on an Oscar directing nomination. The film has dominated other awards since the Oscar nominations, winning best director and best film at the Golden Globes.
President Goodluck Jonathan declares state of emergency in Yobe, Borno and Adamawa states. Follows a series of deadly attacks by militants blamed for most of the violence. Boko Haram has seized control of parts of the north-east over the past three years. The militants have forged closer links with al-Qaeda-linked militants in the Sahara region.
Peter Corrigan died at a hospice in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, surrounded by his family. The former Sun and Daily Mail writer and sports editor for the Observer had been suffering from oesophagus cancer. His brother Chris, 69, said: "He could make you laugh in print, which not many people could do"
The boys, aged 12 and 13, were seriously injured in the attack in Havant. Richard Michael Walsh, 43, of no fixed address, has been charged with two counts of attempted murder and one count of assault. He will appear before magistrates in Portsmouth on Monday.
Olympic gold medallist Chris Boardman says Latham had a fantastic final charge. Britain's sole rider in the men's keirin, Joe Truman, was outclassed in his semi-final, having tried to take the race out with two laps to go. GB finished fifth in the women's team pursuit and failed to make the bronze-medal ride.
Kieron Assiratti, Shane Lewis-Hughes, Morgan Sienawski, Rhun Williams (all Cardiff Blues), Reuben Morgan-Williams, Kieran Williams (both Ospreys) and Declan Smith (Scarlets) remain from last season. "The players are excited to defend the trophy," says coach Jason Strange.
League of Gentleman star Steve Pemberton will adapt EF Benson's novels. Characters were previously played by Prunella Scales and Geraldine McEwan in a Channel 4 series in 1985. The comic drama focuses on the snobberies and pretensions of life in the quaint English town of Tilling.
Joseph Clark, also known as Oey, played football for two local teams. He was known for being a speedy winger. He had five brothers and one sister and always loved spending time with his extended family when he was growing up. Oey was employed by IBL in Liverpool and enjoyed his time working there. He never had the chance to meet his three grandchildren.
Dundee Sheriff Court heard the 16-year-old boy had attended a party in Dundee last November and left with three friends for another address. He held the blade to driver Mohammed Ashar's neck on their return to the party. One boy, 16, pleaded guilty to assault and another, also 16, admitted theft. Sentence was deferred until next month.
England beat Netherlands Women 1-0 in their Euro 2017 qualifier in Tilburg. Jordan Nobbs' long ball sent Jodie Taylor racing clear to score winner. Mark Sampson made just two changes from October's friendly win over Spain. England have now conceded just one goal in eight matches.
The 22-year-old made his Dragons debut at 17, making him the youngest player to ever represent the region. Evans will fill the gap left by Micky Young and Peter Stringer, who will leave the club in the summer. He will compete for a place in Bath's side with Chris Cook, Will Homer and new arrival Niko Matawalu.
The 42-year-old had regained the lead from Frenchman Armel Le Cléac'h. Thomson's next milestone is to turn north at the finish port of Les Sables d'Olonne. He is aiming to be the first Briton to win the race.
The motion was filed by Greens party MP Jeremy Buckingham to the Upper House of the NSW parliament. It condemned "the misogynist, hateful comments" it said had been made by Mr Trump. It follows the release of a 2005 video last week in which Mr Trump makes remarks about groping women.
The BBC will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of coverage, including 550 hours of television on BBC One and BBC Four. Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra will have full coverage of the Olympics (5-21 August) and the Paralympics (7-18 Sept) Up to 24 live HD video streams will show every moment online.
Transocean Winner came ashore at Dalmore, near Carloway on Lewis, in a storm while being towed to the Mediterranean. Owner Transocean has paid the money requested by the MCA to cover costs in dealing with the incident. The rig's grounding last August sparked pollution fears due to the 280 tonnes of diesel on board.
Operation Stack is the name given to a queuing system where lorries park on closed sections of the M20. It reached unprecedented levels last week when Stack was extended to phase four for the first time in its history. Residents nearby reported "absolute bedlam" and the daily cost to the UK economy was estimated at Â£250m.
Two men have been remanded in custody after being charged with attempted murder. Mark Jones, 43, had been in hospital since the incident on 26 July. Police said a review of those charges would now take place. The incident happened on New Road, Mountain Ash, in South Wales.
West Indies beat England by 19 runs in World T20 final. Marlon Samuels' unbeaten 85 kept them in contention. Brathwaite's match-winning blitz off Ben Stokes ended England's hopes. Windies become first two-time winners of the men's World Twenty20.
Former police captain ran a covert counter-insurgency unit that detained and killed anti-apartheid activists. Coetzee claimed responsibility for the killings of several African National Congress (ANC) members. He took refuge in London after exposing the group in an interview with a liberal Afrikaans newspaper.
Ex-South Yorkshire Police (SYP) Ch Insp Sir Norman Bettison, two officers, a solicitor and a Sheffield Wednesday club secretary also face charges. Mr Duckenfield cannot be charged over the death of the 96th victim, Tony Bland, as he died four years after the disaster. No organisation will face corporate charges and no-one from the ambulance service will be charged.
Pottery fragments and the remains of kilns used for drying grain were among discoveries made at Torvean. The finds were displayed at Lochardil Primary School last week. The mounds are large piles of burnt waste, often including ashy deposits and stones that have been shattered by heat. They are usually horseshoe-shaped and found close to streams.
"I feel generally safe in Germany," says Xenia, a student. "But when one thing after another happens like this, you can't help thinking that the world is totally crazy" "I think there will be more attacks like this if the government doesn't take action," says Alois Frank. "These are strange times for Bavaria," says a middle-aged woman.
The party is not happy that it was only allocated 25 seconds of airtime. The Electoral Commission and the BBC agreed that to qualify for an election broadcast a party has to stand a minimum of 12 candidates in at least six constituencies. The Workers Party said it plans to meet with both the BBC and the Electoral Commission after polling next Thursday.
Mayweather was appearing in the city, meeting fans as part of a tour. Eyewitness said: "There was panic inside the whole hotel. Nobody was allowed out of the hotel for a couple of hours" There is no sound on the video of the damaged vehicle.
Girl suffered burns to her face, arm, and leg after vapouriser malfunctioned. Police described the explosion as a "fireball", burning the girl's face. She was riding the Hogwarts Express train with her family. The family were visiting Universal Studios in Orlando, Florida.
The man, believed to be in his thirties, suffered neck injuries. He was pronounced dead at the scene outside Southwark Park Primary School. One witness tweeted he saw "a lot of blood" in the area after the accident. The incident has been referred to the Health and Safety Executive.
More than 200 million people have moderate to severe vision impairment. That figure is expected to rise to more than 550 million by 2050. The worst affected areas are in South and East Asia and sub-Saharan Africa. The study calls for better investment in treatments, such as cataract surgery, and access to appropriate vision-correcting glasses.
Scott Brown scored the only goal in Warsaw's Stadion Narodowy. Scotland have gone five matches unbeaten, the past four without conceding a goal. The two sides will meet again in October in a European qualifier. Scotland's next friendly is likely to be at Fulham's Craven Cottage in May.
Richard Gray, 36, admitted intending to cause fear of violence with the fake firearm. He also admitted possessing a knife in Worthing's Victoria Park. Gray, of Cortis Avenue, was sentenced at Crawley Magistrates' Court to eight weeks in prison for each offence, to run concurrently.
All Saints Day, 1 November, is when Catholics remember the saints and their own deceased family and friends. In Poland, where it is a public holiday, people light candles at their relatives' graves. Gunnersbury Cemetery in west London contains about 1,600 graves belonging to Poles or people of Polish origin.
The Advertising Standards Authority said customers were less likely to be misled. The rules were originally due to be implemented in May, but firms asked for more time to comply with the changes. There will be no change to the rules on the way providers advertise the broadband speeds on offer.
A man threatened a 33-year-old member of staff with a weapon and attacked him. He fled with a four-figure sum of cash, cigarettes and the wallet and mobile of a customer who came into the shop and intervened. Police described it as a "shocking" and "vicious" attack.
Grow NI said companies were deferring decisions to invest. Current UK rate is 21% whereas in the Republic of Ireland firms pay 12.5%. The devolution of the tax was dependant on welfare reform being implemented. The controversial Welfare Reform Bill failed to pass at Stormont on Tuesday night.
A stretch of the 100ft (30m) cliff in Bournemouth fell on Sunday morning. No-one was injured but the seafront promenade has been cordoned off. The East Cliff Lift, an Edwardian funicular, was partially submerged. A memorial to Red Arrows pilot Jon Egging has not been damaged.
The 28-year-old has scored 37 goals in 98 appearances for the Lions. Lee joined the club from non-league Halifax in 2014. Neil Harris says Lee's decision to commit his future to the club is a "big boost" for the club and his fans.
The inmate had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl. He was due for release from HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire on 6 January. But he was deported on Friday morning and an investigation is now under way. MoJ spokesman: "Incidents like this are extremely rare"
Tobias Ellwood was re-elected in Bournemouth East. Michael Tomlinson beat Vikki Slade in Mid Dorset and North Poole. Richard Drax won Dorset South with 23,756 votes over Labour's Simon Bowkett's 11,762.
Opposition budgets had been put forward by the SNP and Liberal Democrats. Council leader Jenny Laing said protecting frontline services and jobs was the budget priority.Proposals to cut the cultural programme and libraries, as well as increasing parking charges, were ruled out. However, reductions will be made in sports funding.
Liam Fee was two-and-a-half years old when he died. His nursery alerted social services, worried by a change in Liam. A senior Fife social worker admitted in court that at one point Liam "fell off their radar" A member of staff had gone off sick, no-one else was assigned and Liam's case was not reviewed.
The new rules also include stopping Syrian refugees travelling to the US until further notice. Mr Trump said the plans were about keeping America safe from terrorism, and it was not a ban against Muslims. There have been big protests against the ban over the weekend. Leah's got everything you need to know.
The government said changes to the Australian Citizenship Act would be introduced to parliament on Wednesday. The new laws could be applied to up to half of the 120 Australians fighting in the Middle East with Islamic State (IS), said Prime Minister Tony Abbott. The laws would also strip citizenship from dual nationals who engaged in terrorism inside Australia.
Protest by 16 soldiers sparked by grievances with their captain and colour sergeant. The men from the 1st Battalion the Yorkshire Regiment sat on the floor when ordered to stand to attention. The soldiers complained of being "led by muppets", the court martial heard. One soldier was stripped of his rank, dismissed from the Army and sentenced to 60 days' detention.
Victim was playing on a fruit machine in the Rosevale Tavern in Partick. The 33-year-old suffered a serious facial injury in the unprovoked attack. The attacker fled via a side entrance and CCTV showed him heading down Dumbarton Road towards the city centre. He is described as being aged in his mid 20s with brown hair which was longer and shaved at the bottom.
The album, currently untitled, will be released in the autumn by Motown Records. Hart achieved fame as a stand-up before enjoying further success as the star of such films as Get Hard, The Wedding Ringer and Ride Along. He has already been seen this summer in the action comedy Central Intelligence, alongside Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson.
Top seed Murray made short work of American Sam Querrey. Evans, the world number 51, then upset Australian 27th seed Bernard Tomic. Murray is a clear favourite among many observers to finally land the third leg of the career Grand Slam. Evans is set to move inside the world's top 50, with 180 ranking points.
Allen, 34, last played for the Carolina Panthers in 2015. He had an initial spell with the Vikings between 2008 and 2013. He was named one of the Vikings' 50 greatest players in a list by the team in 2013. "We are proud to have Jared retire as a member of the Minnesota Vikings," said owner Zygi Wilf.
Dunkley, 25, made 52 appearances in all competitions for Oxford last season but rejected a new contract. The former Crewe and Hednesford Town centre-back joined the U's from Kidderminster Harriers on loan before signing permanently in 2015. He is new manager Paul Cook's first signing since arriving on 31 May.
More than 60% of the ocean has no rules because it’s outside national jurisdiction. Open ocean is at risk from climate change, over-fishing, deep sea mining, farm pollution and plastics. Authors say one area – the Bay of Bengal - is at a tipping point which could impact on global fish stocks.
Six people died and 15 others were injured when the lorry went out of control on 22 December 2014 after the driver, Harry Clarke, 58, blacked out. The inquiry, before Sheriff John Beckett, examined the circumstances of the tragedy over five weeks of evidence. Sheriff Beckett's determination will be issued at 12:00 on Monday.
The DUP said the claims were "outrageous, untrue and unfounded" Mr Bell said he had been suspended from the party for "telling the truth" The RHI scheme was set up by former first minister Arlene Foster in 2012. Its aim was to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources.
The south of Scotland facility shut last year despite a local campaign for its retention. A report to Dumfries and Galloway Council said the new service was proving of a "high standard" However, it said changes to IT systems meant "direct performance comparisons" were not possible.
The new 30-mile Borders Railway is expected to open in September. News of the discussions emerged in response to a parliamentary question tabled by MSP for the south of Scotland, Keith Brown. Mr Brown said the government had played an active part in taking forward the Borders Railway Blueprint.
SP Manweb was granted permission to run 10.5 miles of overhead cables between two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest to a substation near St Asaph last year. Local action group Pylon the Pressure won the right to a judicial review. Part of the cables would pass near the 16th Century Berain Farm, Llannefydd.
Saido Berahino scored the third in a 3-2 win over Crystal Palace. It was the 22-year-old's first goal in the Premier League since October. He apologised on Friday for threatening to go on strike after a potential move to Spurs fell through.
60 life-sized ewes have formed an art trail in unexpected places between Keswick and Windermere. The Lake District Calvert Trust said locals and tourists had been sharing photos of the "beautiful ladies" via social media every day. The Go Herdwick project is part of the trust's 40th anniversary to raise funds for a new facility at its Old Windebrowe site.
Vicente del Bosque's European champions had 64% possession in Alicante. Full-back Mario Gaspar scored a stunning acrobatic goal. England's friendly against France on Tuesday goes ahead after terrorist attacks in Paris. Harry Kane: "We're not going to win every game. We're playing these teams for a reason, to get experience"
Discovered on land at North Elmham, near Dereham, the circa 600 AD coin was created by French rulers of the time. The 23.5mm diameter pendant was created from an imitation of a gold solidus of emperor Maurice Tiberius (582-602 AD)
Arron Banks, who funded the Leave EU campaign in last year's EU referendum, made the allegation via Twitter. He said the move was "apparently" in response to him saying the party's current leadership "couldn't knock the skin off a rice pudding" But a UKIP spokesman said his membership had lapsed earlier this year.
Cardiff council is consulting on plans to introduce a cycle lane on Pontcanna's Cathedral Road. It comes as part of the 2015-16 local transport plan, which proposes new cycle lanes across the city. The council aims for 50% of trips to be made by sustainable modes by 2026.
Clarkie and Melanie Killen are the first father and daughter to officiate a senior game in Ireland, according to the North West Cricket Union. The Drumahoe pair were in charge of Tuesday's game between St Johnston and Ballyspallen in the the Eric Cooke cup. Melanie also became the first ever woman umpire of a NWCU match.
Calderdale Council said no one involved in the historical cases still worked for the authority. Two men were convicted for carrying out abuse during the 1970s, 80s and 90s at the now closed Skircoat Lodge. Victim Kaz Gray said inquiries did not go far enough and some individuals were allegedly still working with children.
Vincent Ryan, 25, was shot dead in Finglas in Dublin on Monday. He had dropped off his partner and five-month-old baby. The gunmen escaped in a silver Volkswagen Golf that was taken during a burglary in County Kildare in October. Detectives are trying to establish where the car was kept until it was found burned on Monday night.
Lancashire, Manchester and North Merseyside Wildlife Trust said the skins of insects have been found on Winmarleigh Moss, near Garstang. The trust's Dr Chris Miller said it was "gruesome - like a zombie horror film" He said research is showing that the baculovirus affects the way the "zombie" insects respond to light.
Hocking, 57, was found guilty of one count of rape and six of indecent assault. He sexually assaulted four girls, aged between six and 12, in the 1970s and 1980s. Hocking was also convicted of making indecent images of children. He was ordered to be put on the sex offenders' register for life.
Lasse Vibe scored a first-half double for the Bees. Nico Yennaris scored a close-range finish to make the result all but secure. Zach Clough scored a second-half consolation from the penalty spot. Bolton are 17 points from safety with six games remaining in the season.
Luke Durbin, 19, of Hollesley, Suffolk, failed to return home after a night out in Ipswich on 12 May 2006. His mother Nicki said when a police team took over the case and interviewed her for six hours she was able to put more emphasis on the car. Police know the silver or white Volvo 440 was seen in Orwell Place at 04:19 BST.
The away side were 43-4 when the impressive Tom Taylor (6-61) trapped Alviro Petersen lbw. Ashwell Prince (97) and Steven Croft (70) put on 160. Davies (89) and Jarvis (17 not out) added valuable runs to leave a far tougher target.
Aston Villa's Jordan Ayew opened the scoring on 62 minutes, curling the ball past Ley Matampi in the Leopards goal. Paul-Jose M'Poku equalised for DR Congo with a sensational long-range effort from outside the box. West Ham's Andre Ayew then coolly dispatched a winning penalty to seal the win. Ghana's sixth consecutive Nations Cup semi-finals appearance.
Twenty males were arrested on suspicion of violent disorder or affray. Eight Villa supporters and seven Leicester fans were held after trying to run away. Five more were arrested after being found hiding in a nearby car park. The fans were aged between 16 and 21 and had been bailed until dates in February and March.
The so-called Christmas Blitz on the evening of 22 December reduced shops and buildings in St Ann's Square to ruins. Two waves of bombs pounded the city from 20:00 GMT on 22 December, only ending at 06:00 the next day. During the war as a whole, 1,400 civilians died in Manchester, so the raid represents almost half those killed.
Connor Farrell gave the visitors the lead before Luke Dorn went over for the hosts in his final game for Castleford. Solomona ran in his three tries either side of Corey Thompson putting Widnes back into the game. Ben Crooks, Matt Cook and Paul McShane also scored for the Tigers, Patrick Ah Van, Farrell and Thompson replying.
Hackers claim responsibility for Sony Pictures hack. Sony Pictures has contacted some US news outlets in an attempt to limit the damage. Some details are harmless, others have triggered FBI investigations and put jobs at risk. Sony's new film The Interview, a comedy that features a plot to assassinate North Korea's leader Kim Jong-un, is the reason for all this chaos.
Matthew Williams was found attacking Cerys Yemm, 22, at the Sirhowy Arms Hotel in Argoed on 6 November 2014. He was Tasered four times by police and arrested but later died. Newport hearing was told he had previously made death and violence threats to his ex-girlfriend, probation service staff and a police officer.
A study of 15,687 adults has been analysed at Heriot-Watt University. Welsh government said it was working with charities on a patient guide for those with chronic illnesses. Those with mental health or neurological conditions were least likely to have developed ways of living with their illness.
Six Russian athletes have been suspended until 31 October. The suspensions are based on evidence from the McLaren report into state-sponsored doping in Russia. The six, including Sochi medallists, were named as having had urine samples tampered with at the 2014 Games. The International Ski Federation imposed the original ban in January.
NAB is in the process of demerging and floating Glasgow-based Clydesdale, which includes the Yorkshire Bank. It has also been facing high costs of redress for mis-selling payment protection insurance and complex systems for business customers to protect against interest rate changes. NAB said "substantial progress" had been made on the demerger and stock market sale and will provide more detail with full-year results in late October.
Police officers and veterinarians had chased the animal around the course near Toki city in the central Gifu prefecture for hours. It ran into the lake shortly after it was shot with a tranquiliser dart. Officers said it had likely drowned and that its heart had stopped.
The blaze took hold of the Royal Victoria Hospital building at about 16:20. Firefighters used six pumping appliances and breathing apparatus to battle the blaze. A Scottish Fire and Rescue spokeswoman said there were no casualties. The hospital was closed in 2012, but later temporarily reopened to deal with seasonal demand.
One policeman refused the shake hands with the president and his prime minister. He said: "There are too many problems in the police. We've had enough" The incident took place during a ceremony to honour the victims of the terror attack in Paris on May 22, which left 17 dead.
Nigeria's police chief wants all new recruits to undergo a lie detector test. The move is innovative and opens up all manner of possibilities, says Farai Sevenzo. The search for honest police officers could be extended to most African states, he says. But the polygraph reveals the truth-tellers and may show him honest cops who pass the test, he adds.
The blue cloth-covered 1935 edition bears the Nazi dictator's signature on the front fly leaf. It was presented to former BBC and Oxford Mail journalist Peter Cadogan during a visit to Munich in the late 1930s. It will be sold at Silverwoods auction house in Clitheroe, Lancashire, and is expected to raise Â£1,000.
Archaeologists are racing against changing tides to record and excavate the find in peat at Borth. The team believes the footprints could be 3,000 to 4,000 years old. They lie across an area that would have been salt marsh when the footprints were made.
Paulo Roberto Costa named a minister, governors and congressmen. Among them were members of the governing Workers Party. But the names, published in a magazine, also included rivals of President Dilma Rousseff. Several politicians mentioned have denied involvement. Mr Costa is in jail and being investigated for involvement.
Rachubka joined Bolton in September 2015, but made only eight appearances. The 35-year-old former Manchester United trainee has played over 350 career games in spells with 16 clubs. The Shakers start the new league season with a home game against recently-relegated Charlton on Saturday.
More than 600 Jamaican nationals are in UK jails but cannot be deported because of Jamaica's poor prison conditions. Prime Minister David Cameron announced the deal as he started a Jamaica visit. Officials say the foreign aid-funded deal could save taxpayers £10m a year when transfers begin in 2020.
Hackers aimed to steal $1bn but made mistakes that led to the theft being spotted and stopped. Hack involved hackers getting access to the core network of Bangladesh's central bank. They used this privileged access to transfer cash from Bangladesh's account at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York to other banks.
The 33-year-old has featured just four times for the Potters this season. Sidwell had spells at Reading, Chelsea, Aston Villa and Fulham before joining Stoke in the summer of 2014. He becomes Brighton's fourth signing of the January transfer window. The midfielder had a loan stint with the Seagulls in 2002-03.
Foster was a boyhood Rangers fan and played for Aberdeen. He was loaned out to Rangers in the deal that brought Andrius Velicka to Aberdeen. Foster returned as a title winner, but the extent of the rivalry between the two sets of fans meant that his second spell at Aberdeen turned fraught, even when he was made captain.
The Hydrus Group, an oil and gas service company, has started work on a specialist manufacturing base at the Brechin Business Park. It is forecast the new development will bring tens of millions of pounds into the local economy. The new facility should be complete by spring 2015 and bosses say it will create 100 jobs over five years.
Andy Murray is the number two seed in singles at Wimbledon this year. He will play his opening match against compatriot Liam Inglot on Tuesday. Murray says there is a 'feelgood factor' around British tennis at the moment. He hopes there will be a few surprise performances this year from British players.
Tuition fees for 2017 are listed on Durham, Kent and Royal Holloway websites as £9,250. MPs will vote in the autumn on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees. The government will support an increase if universities can show they have high quality teaching. The higher level fees now being advertised are for undergraduate courses starting in autumn 2017.
Paul Colin Morrison, 51, died at Harrogate District Hospital on 20 November. A 44-year-old man is expected to appear before magistrates in December. The man had originally been charged with causing grievous bodily harm. Mr Morrison suffered head injuries in the incident at the Wetherspoons Royal Baths pub.
Pythefnos yn ôl dywedodd Ken Skates y byddai'n rhaid i'r cwmni sy'n ceisio cael cefnogaeth ar gyfer Cylchffordd Cymru roi mwy o fanylion am fuddsoddwyr.
Elias Kachunga scored his 12th goal of the season for Huddersfield. Aaron Mooy made it 2-0 with a low shot that beat Michael McGovern. Nahki Wells fired in a third underneath the visitors' goalkeeper. Philip Billing had hit the post in the opening minutes for the home side.
Sergio Aguero is serving a three-match ban for violent conduct. The Argentina forward has scored three goals in three Premier League games. Manchester City host Manchester United in the Premier League on Sunday. Click here for Manchester City transfer news, odds and more. READ: Manchester City vs Manchester United: Who will win?
West Brom host Stoke in the Premier League on Saturday. Pulis has managed the Potters for 464 matches over two spells. The 58-year-old admits that a return to Stoke "could not have been scripted better" The Welshman has been in charge of Bournemouth since August 1992.
Sangakkara will end his international career against India in August. The 37-year-old announced his decision during the second Test match against Pakistan in Colombo. Left-hander signed for Surrey on a two-year contract in January. Since his Test debut in 2000, he has amassed 12,305 runs from 132 matches.
Moussa Dembele missed training on Tuesday with a hamstring complaint. Leigh Griffiths is serving a one-game ban for "provoking supporters" in the previous round against Linfield. Erik Sviatchenko is carrying a knock, while Dedryck Boyata is a long-term absentee.
The local authority has spent more than £750,000 on events since 2014. 18 different organisations have received support for 38 events which attracted combined attendances of more than 160,000 people. More than 43% of audiences had come from outside Dumfries and Galloway.
High-security jail mainly used to hold remand, newly-sentenced and short-term prisoners. Report said recorded levels of assaults were "very high and double what inspectors have seen in other local prisons" National Offender Management Service said a new governor was "working hard" to improve things.
Ireland hooker Paul O'Connell retired from international rugby after the World Cup. Best, 33, has won 89 caps and made 173 appearances for Ulster. He has signed a new two-year contract with the Irish RFU. Ireland will play New Zealand and Australia in next year's autumn internationals.
More than 20 competitors are due to take part in Saturday's event in the Cairngorms. Carvers from Scotland, England, Ireland as well as continental Europe, Canada and the US regularly enter. They can use only chainsaws - any other carving tool is banned - to carve logs into the shapes of animals and people.
Irfan Patel, 33, was found guilty on Friday of cruelty against children at a Lancashire mosque. The Mosque and Imams National Advisory Board (MINAB) recognises the problem of abuse in the after school classes. In the last year, three teachers from madrassas have been convicted of beating children, the latest case involving Patel.
Michael Gove and Boris Johnson go to bed with only one speech prepared - to acknowledge defeat. The menacing silences, the bullying over polite exchanges, the brutal quest for dominance. Here is a cut-out-and-keep guide for any budding dramatist on what we know and what we've found out.
Dermot Nolan, chief executive of Ofgem, said domestic gas and electricity prices should be cheaper "for the vast majority of people" Energy UK, which represents the major energy companies, insisted that there was a competitive market of 34 suppliers and that people should switch for savings.
The DJ will be joined on the Dorset festival line-up by 90s girl group All Saints and Frankie Goes to Hollywood frontman Holly Johnson. The annual event, organised by Rob Da Bank, takes place at Lulworth Castle from 27 to 30 July. Other acts include children's entertainer Mr Tumble.
England tight-head prop pleaded guilty at a disciplinary hearing on Tuesday. Brookes will miss Saints' Premiership game at Leicester on Saturday and their Champions Cup game with Leinster. Newcastle lock Calum Green, 26, has also been banned for a week after admitting striking with his arm.
PM Theresa May says residents are "in our thoughts and prayers" and has ordered a public inquiry into the fire. But she was criticised by a senior Labour MP for failing to meet residents when she visited the scene on Thursday. At least 17 people died in the disaster at Grenfell Tower in North Kensington, west London in the early hours of Wednesday.
Mike Hearn, a long-time Bitcoin proponent, says the currency is a "failed" project. Mr Hearn says he has sold all of his own bitcoins and will no longer take part in the currency's development. Bitcoin is a system of digitally created and traded tokens to which value is assigned. Some fear the network will eventually become oversaturated and cease to be usable.
The 27-year-old man from Blackburn was riding a grey Triumph Daytona. He crashed along the B6479 near Selside at 19:25 BST on Wednesday. The air ambulance was called but the biker died at the scene. The road was closed for five hours to allow collision investigators to examine it.
The six girls were taking part in the FIRST Global Challenge competition. They took home a silver medal for courageous achievement, which was awarded to teams "that exhibit a can-do attitude throughout the challenge, even under difficult circumstances" Their story made the news because they weren't going to be allowed to go to the competition because of visa problems.
Ospreys are the first team to secure maximum points from their opening three games in the history of the Pro12. Ben John, Sam Parry, Jeff Hassler and Dan Evans secured a bonus point by half time. Alun Wyn Jones and Dan Biggar made their first appearances of the season off the bench.
The Met Office said rain and sleet showers had caused ice to form on roads across the Highlands and central Scotland. Two police officers were taken to hospital after they were hit by a car while dealing with a road crash in icy conditions on the A77 near Kilmarnock. Alex Salmond thanked emergency staff and other workers for keeping the country running over Christmas.
Sir Elton had been due to perform at the Collisioni festival in Italy on Tuesday. Further shows in Germany on Thursday and a headline gig at London's Hyde Park on Friday. Hyde Park show will still go ahead with Elvis Costello and former Kinks frontman Ray Davies on the bill.
Cryptography was once controlled by the state and deployed only for military and diplomatic ends. In the 1970s, cryptographer Whitfield Diffie devised a system which took encryption keys away from the state. Diffie and three other experts spoke to the BBC World Service Inquiry programme about the tensions at the heart of the spat.
Deutsche Bank says a Labour-led government would lead to increased taxes, less austerity and a slower reduction in the deficit. The consequence would be "higher near term growth thanks to stronger government spending" But it said the promise of an EU referendum by 2017 could "have negative consequences for both investment and sterling"
Markit's latest Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 53.6, from 54 in May, the lowest reading since October 2013. Any reading above 50 indicates expansion, analysts said the strong dollar was weighing on factory orders. Meanwhile, the US Commerce Department said construction activity in May was its highest since late 2008.
Muhammad Ali and George Foreman fought in Kinshasa, Zaire, in 1974. The fight was one of the greatest sporting events of the 20th Century. The Stade Tata Raphael is home to a boxing club named in Ali's honour. The next generation of Congolese boxers still hold him in high regard.
Residents of 650 flats in Camden evacuated at short notice over fire safety concerns. Council says it will remove external thermal cladding from five tower blocks on the Chalcots estate. But some residents feel like the evacuation is an overreaction and firmly believe they could stay in their flats while the remedial work takes place.
1.2 million people aged 16 to 25 in England have at some point stayed in an unsecure or unsafe place. Connor Lawson, who plays Alex, and Gaia Marcus, from the homelessness charity Centrepoint, join Jenny on the sofa to talk about it. You can watch the show to find out what is in store for Alex.
Aer Lingus says it has reallocated its planes to routes with greater demand. It will offer a "full refund or alternative flights" to customers who were booked to fly in September. "We apologise sincerely for the inconvenience caused," said an Aer Lingus statement.
Reports speak of at least four people injured. The city is at the heart of the conflict between the Turkish government and Kurdish separatists. Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said the blast happened at a vehicle repair unit. He said one person was trapped under rubble, another was seriously injured and others had minor injuries.
Here is her life in pictures: Here are some of her most memorable moments. Here are a few of her favourite pictures from her life. Here is a look back at some of the best moments of her life so far. Here's a look at her most famous moments in pictures.
Munashe Charles Kutyauripo, 16, was attacked at Ashton Playing Fields. He died from a stab wound to the chest following a party at Woodford social club. Detectives are continuing to search for Aaron Alexander Tavares-Gaiete, 16.
The Ports occupy bottom spot and they are 11 points adrift of Carrick Rangers with four games left. Ballinamallard will be without the suspended Ryan McConnell but Stuart Hutchinson is set to return. The Ports came from behind to beat Carrick 2-1 last weekend and Niall Currie is hoping for a repeat.
Ukrainian Cyber Troops, the Cyber Berkut and Anonymous International present themselves as independent activists. They hijack CCTV cameras, electronic billboards and network printers. Official documents and private communications are made public, and websites blocked. Some media reports suggest that Ukraine's security services have used information obtained by hackers to direct artillery fire.
Kevin McKell, from Dundee, had returned from a visit to Bavaria. His suitcase set off alarms going through an X-Ray machine. A check revealed three CS gas canisters, seven knives and 10 knuckledusters. McKell admitted possessing the weapons without reasonable excuse or lawful authority.
The Scunthorpe steelworks is a key part of Tata Steel's long products division. The sale to UK-based investment firm Greybull Capital, would involve a £400m investment package. It would secure about 4,800 jobs and thousands more in supply chains and the local economy.
Phil Mickelson cards the lowest ever score at the Open at Royal Troon. The 46-year-old made eight birdies and did not drop a shot. Patrick Reed and Martin Kaymer are second on five under. Andy Sullivan is four under, one ahead of compatriot Justin Rose. Rory McIlroy carded a 69.
Transport for London (TfL) remains confident, although it admits there will be breakdowns. The trick will be in getting the system back up and running quickly. Here's some friendly advice for tourists and Olympic visitors to try and make the transport experience as easy as possible.
Dixons Carphone shares were up 1% after it said full-year profits were set to be slightly higher than previously forecast. The FTSE 100 index was down 17.61 points at 6,910.66.Shares in WH Smith rose 2.9% after reporting flat like-for-like sales in the three months to 30 May.
There were 5,423 assaults on prison staff in the 12 months to the end of March. Self-inflicted deaths were up from 82 to 105 - a rise of 28%. 65 prisoners were released in error in 2015-16 - the highest total for six years. Justice Secretary Elizabeth Truss said the level of violence was "unacceptable"
Scottish Natural Heritage (SNH) had previously heard complaints about "significant problems" with irresponsible owners.Farmers said some were unable to control their dogs around livestock and let the pets run through crops. Advice includes opening up less sensitive areas to dog walkers rather than trying to ban them completely.
'Get On The List' aims to encourage more people to sign up to be bone marrow donors. The event will take place in Washington, D.C. on Tuesday. It is hoped the event will raise awareness of bone marrow donation and help more people find a bone marrow donor.
Last financial plan saw cuts for local government but rises in funding for the NHS and education. Wales cannot raise its own money through taxes yet and so does not have scope to raise extra money itself. Some small taxes will be devolved by 2018, so this is the last budget where they will not be factored in.
No-one was injured in the crash at the Mill Street level crossing in Leominster. Rail services between Hereford and Shrewsbury are expected to be disrupted for most of the day. A specialist firm was brought in to help move the lorry, which was left leaning at an angle against the house.
Healy twisted his left leg in the 37th minute of the 69-17 win on Wednesday. The Ireland international has also been cited for allegedly biting Western Force scrum-half Brett Sheehan. England have no plans to add a replacement to their squad in Argentina.
1Malaysia Development Bhd was set up by Mr Najib in 2009. It was meant to turn Kuala Lumpur into a financial hub and boost the economy. But it started to attract negative attention in early 2015 after it missed payments. Now the US has said it is moving to seize more than $1bn in assets.
Glasgow City Council's executive committee also approved £20m to improve existing housing. The homes are planned to be for social or mid-market rent and it is hoped they will all be completed by 2021. The funding to build homes is to be channelled through housing associations.
Brent crude fell to $27.67 a barrel at one point, its lowest since 2003. US crude fell as low as $28.36. Many analysts have slashed their 2016 oil price forecasts. China's economic slowdown has curbed appetite for commodities. Saudi Arabia is keener on preserving market share than cutting production.
Last year, the scheme's budget was cut in order for cash to go to the NHS. But the Labour-run Welsh government said this had not affected the scheme which had hit all its targets. Chancellor George Osborne said the decision to temporarily close the scheme pointed to "confusion" within labour.
Feminist groups were joined outside Belfast City Hall by people supporting gay rights, immigrants and the disabled. Organisers said they were overwhelmed by the number of people who took part. The events draw inspiration from the Women's March on Washington, which also took place on Saturday.
Two arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a 22-year-old man. Ambulance staff were called to Woodgate Gardens, Bartley Green, in Birmingham. The man was taken to hospital and died shortly after, a police spokesman said. The area was cordoned off for forensic investigations and CCTV of the surrounding area.
Holyrood's economy, fair work and jobs committee will examine why women working in Scotland still earn an average of 6.2% less than men. Despite 51% of workers in finance and insurance being female, it is the sector with the highest pay gap, at 29.9%. The committee cited UK government figures as showing that "equalising women's productivity could add almost Â£600bn to the economy"
Margaret Slater, who has dementia, was taken to Queen's Medical Centre Nottingham suffering severe hallucinations. Her family said there appeared to be too many patients for the number of staff with queues of people in the hallways and waiting areas. The hospital apologised and said there was a "surge" in patients.
The European Parliament is withholding half of Marine Le Pen's salary and expenses. The alleged fraudulent payments concern her and several other FN MEPs. The FN is highly critical of the EU, rejecting its liberal, free market agenda. Le Pen is campaigning for the second-round vote in the presidential election on 7 May.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the change would help cut the number of non-Europeans granted settlement each year from 60,000 to 20,000. The pay threshold will apply to people wanting to remain permanently after more than five years working in the UK. Those who don't qualify will be ordered to leave the UK after six years.
The Royal Yacht Britannia received a record score of 96% in 2015. It is the highest ever score for a visitor attraction in Scotland. Almost five million people have visited the yacht since it opened in 1998. VisitScotland's chief executive said it was a 'phenomenal achievement'
The Night Tube will provide services on several lines from September. Aslef said it had been told that unless drivers agreed to rosters they would automatically be imposed and no pay offer would be made this year. The union said LU had "closed down" negotiations, however LU said these claims were "completely untrue"
Chapel Bay Fort and Museum at Angle will open on 3 April. The coast artillery fort was completed in 1891 and is the earliest known fort in the world constructed in concrete. There will also be displays on World War One, bomb disposal, artillery, small arms, the telephone exchange and the Royal Artillery forge and workshop.
Communities across Wales were hit by Sunday's deluge. North Wales Fire and Rescue Service said they received 30 calls. Homes and streets were hit in Llay, Rossett and Gresford. Residents in at least four properties on Llay New Road are being rehoused.
The case is one of the largest corruption cases in Israel's history. It relates to the construction of a luxury complex in Jerusalem. Mr Olmert has already been charged with three counts of corruption. He denies all the charges and says the case is a political witch hunt.
The proposed deal would see all migrants travelling to Greece from Turkey sent back. In return the EU might offer Turkey incentives, including financial aid and visa-free access to Schengen countries. The aim is to establish a joint position of all 28 EU member states before talks with the Turkish prime minister.
New laws in North Carolina and Mississippi allow businesses to refuse service to LGBT people. UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says attitudes toward LGBT people differ hugely across the country. Human Rights Campaign says it is "frightening and embarrassing" that UK has warned citizens of the risks of travelling to the US.
Gillingham are hoping to construct a new stadium at Mill Hill in Medway. The League One side have been based at their current 11,582-seater Priestfield ground since 1893. Gillingham, who are 18th in League One, are four points above the relegation zone.
The body of the 36-year-old was found in a house in Glenfinnan Road. It was cordoned off by police tape and a bunch of flowers lay outside. Police said a post-mortem examination would be carried out to establish the exact cause of death.
Bartosz Bialkowski made three good saves to keep Derby out in a first half that the home side dominated. Luke Varney gave Ipswich the lead early in the second half with his side's first real effort when Scott Carson failed to keep out his long-range shot. The result means Derby have still only scored one league goal this season.
US researchers say the slow-is-more-accurate rule generally applies. They looked at the physics behind releasing a projectile with the human arm. Their equations suggest a slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a nearby bin. The study is published in the journal, Royal Society Open Science.
Oliver Hannon-Dalby, 28, and Matthew Lamb, 20, have both signed one-year extensions, to the end of the 2018 season. Thornton made his first-team debut for the Bears in the One-Day Cup win over Northamptonshire on 27 April. He helped Berkswell to win the Birmingham League title last summer.
Vote Leave claims anyone can win £50 million by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships. The odds of winning are only slightly better than the odds of guessing the mobile phone numbers of the next two strangers you see in the street. Vote Leave says this figure represents the amount of money the UK sends to the EU every day. Reality Check verdict: Unlikely anyone could win this prize.
Showers accompanied by sub-zero temperatures will see ice form on many untreated roads. Some snow is expected even at low levels in northern Scotland and other areas could see 2-3cm fall on higher ground. The yellow warning will remain in force until 11:00 on Sunday.
Several first-team regulars, including captain David Gray, are out of contract this summer. Hibs secured the Championship on Saturday after beating Queen of the South. The Easter Road side will face Derek McInnes's Aberdeen in Saturday's Scottish Cup semi-final, with Lennon's predecessor Alan Stubbs having led Hibs to their first Scottish Cup trophy win in 114 years.
Webb had been linked with the role in 2015, with Blatter suggesting he could be replaced by Webb "in the near future" Cayman Islands native Webb said: "No, definitely not. That is not my intention or my objectives at this time" Blatter was speaking off the cuff before a speech to mark the opening of a Concacaf sport summit.
Researchers in Birmingham say new dads can find it hard to seek help. BBC Midlands Today's Kevin Reide spoke to Lee and Becky Plummer at their Telford home. Click here to read the full interview with Becky and Lee Plummer, from Telford, on their experience of being a new dad.
Bristow asked on Twitter why victims did not "sort out" their abusers "when they got older and fitter" Newcastle United said they had dropped Bristow "immediately" from a scheduled appearance at St James' Park on 6 December. More than 20 ex-footballers have made allegations of child sex abuse.
Tashan Corpe, 27, died in Sedgemoor Road, Bath, on Sunday. Josh Farnham, 30, charged with murder, grievous bodily harm with intent and actual bodily harm. Rachel Smith, 42, has been charged with assisting an offender. Both appeared before Bristol Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
BBC director general Tony Hall lays out plans for the next decade. He says the corporation will become an "open BBC for the internet age" New initiatives will include an Ideas Service and a pool of local reporters. But he says funding cuts will mean the loss or reduction of some services.
The hardware retailer's fourth quarter sales rose 9.5% to almost $21bn (Â£14.9bn) National Association of Realtors reported existing home sales rose by 0.4% in January. Low interest rates, combined with growth in the job market and wage increases, have bolstered the US housing market.
Bell, 19, made three first-team appearances for Dale in addition to loan spells at Chester and Droylsden. He follows former Forest Green striker Reece Styche among the Tynesiders forward imports this summer."Nyal is a young, athletic striker who is prepared to work hard and willing to learn to go on to the next level," assistant manager Lee Nogan said.
Eight senior managers are charged with murder over the Soma coalmine tragedy. The trial was adjourned until Wednesday because the accused must testify in person. An underground fire sent deadly carbon monoxide through the mine. An inquiry criticised the mine's safety measures. It was modern Turkey's worst industrial accident.
Iraqi forces are "on the cusp" of retaking Mosul, the UK Defence Secretary says. RAF commander says IS has been firing surface-to-air missiles at coalition planes. But so far no aircraft has been hit, says Lieutenant General Mark Carleton-Smith. Iraqi and Kurdish forces intend to launch an offensive on IS in Mosul.
The Australian Open champions, seeded fourth in Monte Carlo, sealed victory in 67 minutes. A reflex Murray volley sealed the match and improved their season record to 17 wins and only three defeats. Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut, who beat Murray's brother Andy and Dominic Inglot on Friday, or Juan Sebastian Cabal and Robert Farah.
Damon Smith is accused of unlawfully and maliciously making or having in his possession an explosive substance with intent to endanger life or cause serious injury to property. North Greenwich station was evacuated last Thursday during the alert. Mr Smith, from south east London, was remanded in custody until 17 November.
Policemen found guilty of killing a group of Sikh men in a fake encounter. The men had been travelling through Uttar Pradesh when they were stopped by police. The police claimed the men were militants and that they were trying to kill them. The victims' families said the sentences were too lenient and demanded an appeal.
Sir Anthony Seldon says China's schools need to be more holistic. Chinese President Xi Jinping is on a visit to the UK. Sir Anthony says China has some of the top schools in the world. Chinese children live under the One Child Policy and feel the weight of responsibility.
The government's green paper aims to increase public trust in business. It comes after Theresa May appeared to row back from plans to force companies to appoint employees to their boards. It is one of a number of measures being considered by the government in its consultation on curbing corporate pay. Other proposals include improving the effectiveness of remuneration committees and votes on pay packages.
Ferguson Shipbuilder, Port Glasgow, laid off last August when it went into administration. Jim McColl, who took over the business, said it now employed 140 staff. He plans to invest up to Â£65m in the yard, which was the last in Britain fully equipped to build merchant ships.
Dorothy Leyden's body was found on waste ground in Collyhurst in April 1971. Her sister Pat Atkinson has made an emotional appeal for more information on her death. The appeal will be shown on Crimewatch later on BBC One at 21:00 BST.
Megan Bannister, 16, was killed in a collision in Enderby, Leicestershire. Two men, aged 27 and 28, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. Her family said in a statement: "Our hearts have been utterly broken by her death" She was due to take her GCSE exams on Tuesday.
Deputy minister Barry Brehaut and deputies Elis Bebb, David Inglis and Arrun Wilkie have also resigned. Deputy Mark Dorey, a former Social Security minister and a current member of Treasury and Resources, was voted to replace Deputy Adam. He beat the current Housing Minister Dave Jones by 27 votes to 16.
The 69-year-old also managed the Blues on a temporary basis for the final three months of the 2008-09 campaign. Hiddink won six Dutch league titles and the European Cup in two spells as PSV Eindhoven manager. He stood down as Netherlands boss in June, during a miserable Euro 2016 qualifying campaign.
Top seeds from Chinese Taipei win in just over an hour. It is the Chan siblings' third trophy of the year. Watson suffered a second-round singles defeat by Caroline Wozniacki. Broady failed to make it past round one at Wimbledon.
Blake Ferguson, Josh Dugan and Trent Merrin scored tries for Australia. Johnathan Thurston kicked a penalty and two penalties for the Kangaroos. Boyd Cordner added a late try for the defending champions. New Zealand have now lost four times to Australia in 2016.
Sixty seasonal workers have had their contracts terminated early. Eight permanent staff have been made redundant at Surf Snowdonia in Dolgarrog, Conwy Valley. The lagoon, which generates a man-made wave using new technology, suffered its third fault last week. Bosses have apologised to customers.
The mill in Huddersfield was built in 1827. It was a working woollen textile mill until 1983. Most of the buildings were let out as business units until 2006. The majority of the mill was destroyed in a fire on Thursday. The site is now being used as a community centre.
Louise Richardson said terror groups had a "highly oversimplified view of the world" But she argued that "radical ideas belong in a university" and should be debated. Prof Richardson was nominated as the next head of Oxford University. She will be the first female vice chancellor of the university since 1230.
The annual critics awards are typically viewed as a pre-cursor to the Academy Awards. The awards are considered a bellwether for the Oscars, which will air on 22 February. Other winners include best actor for British painter JMW Turner in Mr Turner and best actress for Marion Cotillard.
Richard Ellis is leaving on Friday at the end of his contract. Ciaran Monaghan and Ewan Sutherland are both going under a voluntary redundancy and early retirement scheme. Stephen Flynn, the leader of the opposition SNP group, said the departures were indicative of the council's inability to hold on to senior staff.
Brooke Henderson and Lee Mi-rim are joint leaders after two rounds. Catriona Matthew is three behind on one over par after a 67. Only five players are under par at the halfway stage of the second women's major of the year at Sahalee Country Club, Seattle.
Mr Garner will join Nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive Graham Beale, who is retiring. Mr Garner was previously head of HSBC UK, where he worked with banking clients including First Direct and Marks and Spencer. His departure comes as communications regulator Ofcom investigates whether Openreach should be split off from BT.
Waters has signed a two-year contract at Rugby Park. The 21-year-old spent last season on loan at Dumbarton. Kilmarnock begin their League Cup campaign away to Ayr United on Friday, 14 July, and open their Scottish Premiership campaign at home to St Johnstone on 5 August.
Gwynedd council decided to go ahead with establishing a new Church in Wales campus at Ysgol y Berwyn in Bala.Governors want it designated as a community site and 500 people have signed a petition against the move. In December, the council alleged the church no longer supported the project, something it denied.
Muzaffer Ali, 39, from Maidenhall Road in Luton, Bedfordshire had denied importing prohibited weapons. Judge Jonathan Carroll told St Alban's Crown Court the weapons were to be used for "terrorising, intimidating and causing serious injury and death" Four other men were also jailed for their part in the gun smuggling. The men brought two shipments into the UK in February and September 2016.
New Horizons will fly past Pluto on 14 July at almost 14km/s. Probe is currently 4.7 billion km from Earth and 14.9 million km from Pluto. Probe continues to return pictures and other data on approach to the dwarf world. New pictures from the probe's LORRI camera are uploaded to a public website.
Cipriani will return to his first professional club after four seasons at Sale Sharks. The 28-year-old has won 14 caps for England but missed out on the Six Nations squad. Ciprriani played 95 times for Wasps before leaving for the Melbourne Rebels.
EDF chief executive Vincent de Rivaz has cancelled a trip to Hinkley Point on Friday. Business Secretary Greg Clark has said the government will "consider carefully" before backing it. Critics of the plan have warned of environmental damage and potential escalating costs. One third of the £18bn cost is being provided by Chinese investors.
Charlie Walker's deflected free-kick put the hosts ahead. Giorgio Rasulo's shot doubled the lead. Padraig Amond, Omar Bogle and Nathan Arnold scored for Grimsby. Rhys Browne fired in an equaliser for Aldershot. But Jon Nolan's cross went over Shots keeper Phil Smith.
The fast food company says it can't get hold of enough potatoes. As a result they're having to ration French fries for customers. More than 1,000 tonnes of potatoes have already been flown in to try to boost supplies. A further 1,600 tonnes will be imported by sea but they won't arrive until January.
The 29-year-old will become the first active international to play in the match since Australian Dan Vickerman in 2009. Roberts is currently studying part-time at Cambridge's Queens' College for a Masters degree in medical science. He will join new club Harlequins after the Varsity at Twickenham.
The Sentencing Council says judges should take into account the long-term damage done to a victim. Judges should be able to give longer sentences to offenders who film their victims. The guidelines cover almost every sexual offence that is recognised in the UK. They would play a key role in dealing with people convicted of historic allegations of sexual abuse.
Powell joined United for £3m from Crewe in 2012. He was loaned out to Leicester City and Hull City before his contract expired in June. The 22-year-old scored 12 goals in 41 appearances for Wigan during a loan spell in 2013-14.
Christian Kern was sworn in on Tuesday, replacing Werner Faymann. Mr Faymann quit after losing the support of party colleagues. The SPO were trounced in the first round of presidential elections last month. The vote was won by the far-right party's candidate Norbert Hofer.
Spieth admitted afterwards that he had struggled to sleep on Saturday night. The 21-year-old is the second youngest winner in Masters history. He made more birdies across his four rounds than any player here has ever made. Spieth is the first man to win it wire to wire in 39 years.
Up to a million people still needed to complete their tax credit renewals in the final week before the deadline. HMRC warned that anyone who failed to renew their tax credits could be in danger of having payments stopped. Many of those in the self-assessment system must pay a tax bill.
Wilder is currently on a one-year rolling contract with the League Two side. The 48-year-old ex-Oxford manager has guided the Cobblers to promotion from League Two this season, after a series of financial problems at the club. Bolton chairman Ken Anderson said on Monday that the club had a shortlist of three managers from applications they had received. Steve Walford and first-team coach Garry Parker have also left the Championship's bottom side.
Edinburgh Capitals ended a seven-game winless run with a 3-2 home victory over Dundee Stars on Saturday. The Caps then went down 6-0 on Tayside in Sunday's rematch. Fife Flyers picked up two excellent points on the road at Manchester Storm on Saturday to begin their double header. Braehead Clan started their weekend at Nottingham Panthers and although they missed five players, they still took a point in a 4-3 overtime loss.
MSC Oscar is shorter in length than the previous holder the CSCL Globe. It is 396m (1,300ft) long and has a capacity of 19,224 standard containers. More than 200 people lined the beach between the public viewing platform and Landguard Point to welcome the ship.
Glamorgan batsman Nick Selman scores 101 off 144 balls. Matt Taylor and Craig Miles bowl Gloucestershire out for 220. Graham Wagg and Timm van der Gugten add a consolation bonus point. Glamorgan are being led by Michael Hogan for the first time.
The Local Government Association (LGA) says the government needs to find "genuinely new money" to meet its funding pledges to schools. In February, ministers announced that £415m would be pumped into schools as part of a healthy-pupils capital programme. But the LGA fears this money is being used to cover funding shortages.
The first Land Rover was introduced in 1948 and its basic design has changed little over the past six decades. The carmaker has also released the first images of the concept car upon which the new Defender will be based, the DC100. This is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show.
Van Dijk has been linked with a move away from St Mary's. Chelsea, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool have all been reported to be interested. The 25-year-old suffered an ankle injury in January which ruled him out for the remainder of the season.
Akzo Nobel says PPG's offer undervalued the company and showed a "lack of cultural understanding of the brand" The Dutch firm has been urged to reject a merger by the Dutch government and its own workers. But some Akzo investors favour a deal. PPG said it was disappointed by Akzo Nobel's decision and would "review" its response.
Aberdeen, Rangers and Spartans all netted five goals in disposing of Jeanfield Swifts, Hamilton and Stirling University. Hibernian won 1-0 away to Celtic and Glasgow Girls beat Hutchison Vale 3-1. Forfar Farmington v Hearts and Buchan v Queen's Park matches were postponed due to frozen pitches.
ICRC has had to halt deliveries to the Red Sea port of Hudaydah. It said this was partly because it had not received security guarantees. The port has also been targeted by warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition. The conflict, which escalated in March 2015, has left at least 7,500 people dead.
The cessation comes despite attempts to rescue the route in a £9m emergency deal, mostly from Stormont. Economy Minister Simon Hamilton had previously said the rescue package was crucial to attracted US-inward investment for Northern Ireland. United Airlines statement said: 'We have regretfully taken this decision because of the route's poor financial performance'
Bafana Bafana are without a win in four games in Group M. They drew their latest games against Cameroon 2-2 and 0-0. They are five points off leaders Cameroon with two games left. Mashaba believes South Africa still have a chance to make it to next year's finals.
50,000 books and documents collected to portray Russia "objectively and accurately" The move comes amid increasing Kremlin control of the web. Wikipedia is the world's sixth most popular website. The Russian edition has more than one million entries. The initiative aims to provide better information than is available on Wikipedia.
Fearon finished fifth in the four-man bobsleigh at Sochi 2014. He forewent winter sport funding to pursue his sprinting dreams. His best time from four 100m outings this season is a wind-assisted 10.23. But he still believes he can secure the top-two finish at August's World Championship.
Celtic and Dundee are exploring the possibility of staging a game in the US. A formal proposal is set to be put before the Scottish Professional Football League regarding the Dundee v Celtic match in the next few weeks. Boston and Philadelphia are possible host cities. Kilmarnock striker Boyd has experience with Portland Timbers.
Zaneta Krokova, 11, and Helina Kotlarova, 12, died after the crash. Four men, aged 59, 48, 38 and 18, remain in custody on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. A fifth man, aged 23, has been de-arrested.
Gape has spent four months on loan at Adams Park this season. The 22-year-old has played 20 times for Gareth Ainsworth's team, scoring once. He leaves Southampton after making one first-team appearance, against Everton in December 2014. Click here for all the latest Southampton transfer news.
Bailey Matthews won the Richard Whiteley award at a ceremony in Leeds. Yorkshire Awards recognise the many and varied achievements of people and businesses. Joe Root received the Sporting Achievement award. William Hague was named Man of the Year at the Yorkshire Awards. The Business Enterprise award was given to timber company Howarth Timber.
Media Climate Change Observatory monitors 50 sources around the world. From 2009 to 2014, coverage has dropped: 36% globally; 26% in the US; and as much as 55% in UK. The Inquiry is broadcast on the BBC World Service on Tuesdays from 13:05 GMT.
The 47-year-old is being paid £250,000 by a betting firm, which denies the campaign is a publicity stunt. Ginola said: "We all know that the Fifa system isn't working" The Team Ginola campaign is attempting to raise £2.3m to fund the challenge through contributions from the sponsor and supporters.
Defending champion Ronnie O'Sullivan is the top seed in the first round. He will face six-time runner-up James Watt, who is seeded second. The second round of qualifying takes place from 8-15 April. The final round of the tournament will take place on 18 April.
Hawk Green 1st XI from Marple take on England Legends in Twenty20. Michael Vaughan takes the ball for the home side but falls for 17. Mal Loye top-scores for England Legends with 117. Derbyshire and Cheshire League outfit make 165 in 20 overs.
Burkina Faso have named a preliminary 24-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. The squad is due to begin a training camp on 27 December in Marrakech. The Stallions meet Cameroon in their first Group A game on the opening day of the finals on 14 January.
PC Peter Hodgkinson discharged the weapon while Andrew Pimlott, 32, was holding a lit match at his parents' home in Plymouth in April 2013. The officer said he only fired because he feared Mr PIMlott was about to send himself up in flames. The inquest previously heard the dead man had been served with a restraining order preventing him contacting his parents.
RMT members have been striking for months over plans for driver-only trains. Southern has offered a Â£2,000 bonus to members to end the dispute. But the union says the offer is "bullying" and will not be accepted indefinitely. A two-day strike is scheduled to begin on Friday.
Governor Jerry Brown said the fires, which have left one person dead, destroyed and threatened buildings in the Napa and Lake counties. More than 1,300 people fled Middletown, north of San Francisco, as their homes were consumed by the flames. The fires across northern California are being blamed on high temperatures and years of drought.
Southport have lost their last three games and are only a point above the National League drop zone. Former Chester and Kidderminster boss Burr, 57, joined the Sandgrounders in September to replace Andy Bishop when they were second bottom. Watson has spent eight years as manager at Southport in two spells.
Sherri Papini, 34, was abducted while jogging near her home in Redding, California. Husband Keith said she had suffered "repeated beatings" Police are searching for two Hispanic adult women, last seen driving a dark-coloured SUV. Police have cleared Mr Papini of suspicion after he submitted to a polygraph test.
Reading Borough Council said it would need to spend Â£700,000 to bring the Arthur Hill Memorial Baths up to standard. Campaigners have now set up a community interest group in a bid to reopen the pool. During World War One the council agreed to let soldiers quartered in Reading use the baths free of charge.
We bring you five stories from the last few days - in emojis. Did you know the word emoji literally means "picture" (e) + "character" (moji) in Japanese? Now you do, get cracking on these answers at the bottom of the page.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was airlifted to hospital but later died. Her daughter Olivia, eight, was also injured in the incident on 31 March. Her family described her as "an outgoing, hard working and loving person" A coroner has called on Swansea council to address safety concerns on the road.
Open champion Henrik Stenson was the top-placed European, finishing six shots back after a 70. Graeme McDowell had five birdies in a 67 and was nine shots adrift. Ian Poulter, playing on a medical extension having missed four months of last season due to a foot injury, finished level for the tournament.
The Greater Ardoyne Residents Collective (Garc) is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in the area. They are planning to stage a protest on Friday night. However, a community advert placed in the Irish News said the protest would not help ease tensions.
The Suffragette Oak in Kelvingrove Park won a public vote from six trees. It was nominated and championed by Glasgow Women's Library. The oak will now compete with entries from 15 other countries to decide the 2016 European Tree of the Year. The winner will be announced at a ceremony later this month.
The 30-year-old became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years with victory in the scratch race in Belarus in 2013. Irvine also won silver in the points race at the World Championships and a European bronze medal in addition to sustaining a couple of injuries. His achievements in 2013 led to him being named as the BBC Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the Year.
Winger Young won the last of his 30 caps against Ukraine in September 2013. England coach Roy Hodgson might end that exile when he names his squad on 19 March for the games against Lithuania and Italy. Young has been used as a full-back and at wing-back this season.
The plant was connected to the grid on Tuesday, Press Trust of India reported. Opponents of the plant fear a disaster similar to the one at Fukushima in 2011. India hopes to build 63,000 MW of nuclear power by 2032 - an almost 14-fold increase on current levels.
Margaret Gleeson, 70, died two days after a hernia operation at Wigan's Royal Albert Edward Infirmary in October 2015. Coroner Simon Jones ruled out neglect and said she died due to a rare complication. Wrightington, Wigan and Leigh NHS Trust said it did not believe weekend staffing levels were to blame.
Munster sealed a dramatic late victory against Tandy's side as Dave Kilcoyne touched down to score the winning try. Tandy was frustrated with two incidents from the game where he feels his players were unfairly tackled. The Ospreys coach was also unhappy where, in the last movement of the game, referee Marius Mitrea called for TMO Stefano Penne to adjudicate.
Special measures, including monthly inspections, were predicted to last two years when first imposed in 2013. Babcock, which carries out the refitting for the Ministry of Defence, said safety was its "highest priority" ONR said its "enhanced regulatory attention" meant the once-a-month inspections of HMNB Devonport had "more effort and managerial attention"
A 16-year-old boy is in a critical condition in hospital following the incident. Police had earlier released an image of a man they wanted to speak to. A spokeswoman said he had been located in the Dumfries and Galloway area. An area of Penilee Road has been cordoned off.
The girls were "touched inappropriately" in a park in Windsor, Berkshire. A 22-year-old man previously arrested on suspicion of the attack has been released without charge. Police are appealing for information about the alleged victim, who is believed to be in his 20s or 30s.
The 20-year-old was sent off by Mike Jones in Blues' 2-0 win on Saturday. FA Regulatory Commission upheld Blues' appeal for wrongful dismissal. Adams is now free to play against Bristol City on Sunday. Blues are 20th in the table and go to Aston Gate two points clear of the relegation zone.
Sinead Higgins, 37, and son Oisin O'Driscoll were found dead on Wednesday. Police forced their way into the house in The Fairway, Ruislip, west London. A Met Police spokeswoman said detectives do not believe a third party was involved in the deaths.
The Royal College of Nursing is urging hospitals to allow pets on wards. A recent survey found 82% of nurses said they thought animals were good for patients. The RCN is working with the Humanimal Trust to draw up new guidelines. The trust has also launched a campaign to raise awareness of the benefits of pets.
Beat estimates 80% of those affected by eating disorders in the UK have misused laxatives in order to lose weight. Charity is calling for a minimum purchase age of 16, the maximum pack size reduced to ten tablets and sales restricted to pharmacies. supermarkets say their sale of laxatives complies with regulation set by the medicines regulator, the MHRA.
Liam Fox said he wanted a deal with the EU "at least as free" as the present arrangements. He also suggested he wanted Britain to take its seat as an independent member of the World Trade Organisation after Brexit. Fox said British business had grown too "fat and lazy" to take advantage of global trade opportunities.
Two men arrested and questioned on suspicion of theft and fraud offences. A man in his 30s is still being detained in Wexford. Another man arrested in Limerick on Monday has been released without charge. The investigation into Redouane's time in Ireland has intensified over the past 48 hours.
The move is part of planned changes to the Wales Bill which sets out the next steps for Welsh devolution. But two major teaching unions say they are opposed to the idea, fearing lower pay than in England. The amendment to the bill on teachers' pay will be debated next Monday.
A 17-year-old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition in Ninewells Hospital. The incident happened at about 22:10 on Wednesday. Police Scotland has appealed for information from anyone who witnessed the crash or who was in the area at the time.
Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust institute has replaced the dilapidated one installed in 1960s communist-era Poland. The display in Block 27 places the former camp in the broader context of Nazi Germany's attempt to wipe out Europe's Jewish population. An estimated one million Jews, together with some 100,000 people of other ethnicities and backgrounds, died in Auschwitz and Birkenau camp.
Nine of Wales' 22 councils have taken in Syrian refugees in the last three months. Over the same period Scotland took in 249 Syrian refugees. The UK government has pledged to take in 20,000 Syrian refugees by the end of the year. It is the first time the UK has taken in refugees from Syria since the war began.
The events are aimed at a wide audience, says Ennis- Hill. "Mum's with the buggies, families, serious runners and people who have never put on trainers before," she says. "I've seen the benefits you have from being active and being healthy," she adds.
The crash happened on Monday in Nord Troendelag county, 700km north of Oslo. About 15,000 troops from Nato and partner countries are in Norway taking part in the Cold Response exercise. The 50-tonne tank involved in the accident was a Norwegian "armoured recovery vehicle"
No-one here is in any doubt that Boko Haram did it. The people of Kano have been shocked and traumatised before by bombers and gunmen. This was not just another attack - Boko Haram seemed to be stating it had no respect for the way Islam is practised here.
Gioacchino Campolo made his fortune by altering slot machines. He was found guilty of criminal association, usury and extortion in 2011. Police seized more than 200 properties, money from 30 bank accounts and fine art. Authorities describe the seizure as the largest ever from a criminal in Italian history.
Andreas Von Knorre and Elton Hinz pleaded guilty to entering a train depot and spraying graffiti on a train. The maximum penalty for vandalism is a fine of S$2,000 (Â£958: $1,461) or up to three years in jail, in addition to three to eight strokes of the cane.
The Carneddau Landscape Partnership has been awarded £198,700. It claims the mountains' archaeology, ecology, peatland and Bronze Age cairns are under threat. Funding has also been set aside to improve the heritage of Holy Island, off Anglesey.
North Korea has carried out tests to develop a nuclear missile. The UN has banned it from missile or nuclear tests. But it has repeatedly broken those sanctions. On Friday, US missiles struck a Syrian airbase, killing at least six people. It was the first US attack on a Syrian government facility.
The match will be played at the SSE Arena in Belfast on Tuesday, 21 November 2017 and will see the Giants play a Colin Shields All Star select. Shields, 37, first signed for the Giants in 2005 but had brief spells with Sheffield Steelers and the now defunct Newcastle Vipers. The Great Britain international is Belfast's all-time leading goal scorer.
The 24-year-old is thought to have spent time with Kurdish rebels in Syria. He was arrested in the coastal town of Didim. His lawyer says he will not be taken to court for at least three months. The YPG is not a proscribed group in the UK, but is seen as a threat.
The project is part of a wider plan to build a rail link between London and the rest of the UK. The first phase of the project is due to be completed by the end of the year. The second phase is expected to be complete by the start of next year.
After no play was possible on the first day, Stevens led Kent to 389-7 after Essex's decision to bowl first. They had slipped to 208-6 with Matt Dixon taking two wickets in two balls with figures of 4-89. Stevens shared a partnership of 108 with James Tredwell (39) and completed his 31st first-class ton in the final over of the day.
Lebanese President Bashar al-Assad's government is fighting a losing battle against the Islamic State of Iraq and Levant (ISIL) The ISIL has been fighting for more than a year to regain control of territory it lost in the Syrian civil war. The ISL has been battling ISIL for control of its territory since the fall of Saddam Hussein.
Alex Salmond said he has "little doubt" the "next test is coming" He said that his "guess" on timing is that "it is likely to be the autumn of 2018" Scottish Labour leader Kezia Dugdale said there should be a renewed focus on the day job from the SNP.
About 75 firefighters worked into the night to put out the fire in Wimblington. Road closures are expected to stay in place until midday, the fire service said. The incident was scaled down at 2300 GMT, when the fire was brought under control. The fire is believed to have started on Wednesday afternoon.
The device was found in Avenham Park in Preston at about 15:00 GMT. Police cordons were put in place and people were urged to avoid the area. It is the second time in under a year a wartime bomb has been discovered in the park. A controlled explosion was carried out after a previous discovery in April 2015.
Dyfed-Powys Police said training will begin on Wednesday ahead of them being deployed on the streets. Cameras will always be on standby, filming on a 30-second loop, but audio does not record until the officer presses the button. Force said recordings would only be made if there was "a policing need" and officers would announce when they start and stop filming.
Izzard will run more than 700 miles in temperatures of up to 30 C. He previously attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012, but had to pull out for health reasons. He also completed 43 marathons in 51 days across the UK for Sport Relief in 2009.
Allan has been linked with a move to Scottish champions Celtic. The 23-year-old is currently on loan at Scottish Championship side Hibernian. Former Hibs captain Liam Craig believes Allan could make the move to Celtic. He says it would be a "no-brainer" for him to join the Scottish champions.
The woman, named in floral tributes as Kelly, was arrested on suspicion of assault in Darwen on Saturday and taken to Greenbank police station. She was found "unresponsive" in her cell at about 01:30 GMT on Sunday, she was taken to hospital where she later died. Incident referred to Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) for investigation.
The Irish were 17-0 down inside the opening 13 minutes in Cardiff. Jordi Murphy's try helped cut the margin to only three points at half-time. Ian Madigan missed a long-range penalty that would have levelled the game. Schmidt: "We just did not get the start that we needed, particularly with a group low on experience"
Takayuki Tanooka, 44, and his wife briefly left the boy by the side of the road on the northern island of Hokkaido on 28 May. When they came back he was gone. A huge search was launched and the boy was found at a military base on Friday.
Hugh Thomson, 67, from Lumsden, drank half a pint of beer and four whiskies. Police found that he was more than four times the legal drink drive limit. He has been given a community payback order as a direct alternative to jail and a further 10 year driving ban.
The council is hoping it can purchase the site and restore it. It served an urgent works notice on the British Virgin Islands-based company. The council said the owners did not comply with the notice so it carried out the work, costing £940,000. A decision on the CPO is expected within the next two months.
Incident happened at Wadi Joz, an Arab area in occupied East Jerusalem. Police said the officer involved had shown "severe and unusual behaviour" Member of the Knesset Ahmad Tibi called for the officer to be prosecuted. The video was recorded on a dashcam of another vehicle.
Manchester United have won six out of seven games since Michael Carrick's return from injury. Louis van Gaal's side are third in the Premier League, three points behind Chelsea. Sir Alex Ferguson says he will watch United go once Carrick is fully fit. The former United manager says he is pleased with David de Gea's form.
Matching Models in London advertised for a personal assistant with "a classic look, brown long hair with b-c cup" The Equality and Human Rights Commission called it "appalling, unlawful and demeaning to women" The agency's founder Nathalie Jansen said: "Our clients are important to us - and looks are important"
Survey of more than 4,000 people was commissioned by the Church, Hope and the Evangelical Alliance. Fewer than 10% read the Bible and go to church at least once a month. English Christians are more likely than the average English adult to work in education, or professional jobs.
Pte John Bagnall was cleaning an unexploded German fuse shell when it exploded. He lost a leg and six others were injured, three of whom died in hospital. The graves became lost in time until members of Broughton and District History Group began their research. They are trying to trace family members to secure permission to erect a memorial.
Marion Janner speaks to BBC Newsnight in first interview on the subject. Lord Janner was ruled unfit to stand trial because of dementia in December 2015. Allegations relate to offences alleged to have taken place in children's homes and hotels. His family has always denied the allegations.
Donald Trump called off a rally on Friday night in Chicago after clashes between protesters and supporters. On Sunday, he said his campaign is "not provoking" and "wants peace" A Quinnipiac University poll shows that Mr Trump is leading the way in Florida and tied with Ohio Governor John Kasich in Ohio ahead of crucial state primaries.
The University of London's Institute of Education compared vocabulary test scores and reading habits of 9,400 British people born in 1970. The study found those who read regularly as children tended to come from better-off families and had higher vocabulary scores as children. However, there was still a nine percentage point gap in the vocabulary scores at age 42 between the two groups.
The 28-year-old was out of contract at the Iron, who he captained to the play-off semi-final this season. He joined from Grays in 2010 and leaves following the departure of Iron manager Danny Cowley to Lincoln. Davis' new side finished 19th in their first-ever season in non-league's top flight last campaign.
Thanks for sharing your pictures of #DogsAtPollStations. Welsh Springer Spaniel Dyddgu went with owner Rhiannon Williams to Grangetown Pavillion, a former bowls club, in Cardiff. Orinoco looks happy to be at St Christopher's Church in Hinchley Wood, Surrey.
Focus will be on how leaving the EU could affect law enforcement and criminal justice in Scotland. Meeting will also include experts from the Scottish Universities Legal Network on Europe and the Standing Council on Europe. It follows a court ruling that parliament must vote before the UK can start the process of leaving the European Union.
The powerful storm swept across the Pacific islands on Saturday leaving thousands of people homeless. Eleven people are known to have died. Aid workers reached Tanna for the first time on Tuesday and reported 80% of homes or buildings had been partially or completely destroyed. Baldwin Lonsdale, Vanuatu's president, returned to his country on Tuesday night.
Police in Hamelin, in Lower Saxony, say the woman's ex-partner later handed himself in to authorities. The 28-year-old woman, who has not been identified, was found lying on a pavement late on Sunday with serious injuries. She underwent an emergency operation and was flown to a specialist clinic.
Coventry have now lost two games in a row. Barnsley are now seventh in the table, level on points with Coventry. Tony Mowbray's side travel to fourth-placed Walsall on Saturday. The Tykes have lost just once in their last 12 matches.
Bournemouth lost 2-1 at Sunderland in the Premier League on Saturday. The Cherries are the first team to lose to the Black Cats in the league this season. Bournemouth have not scored a goal in their last three games. Cherries boss Steve Howe says it shouldn't be down to a lack of confidence.
Kanu Gandhi, the grand nephew of the Mahatma, took 2,000 pictures of the leader. His pictures remained in obscurity until a German researcher began compiling and selling them. Now, 92 of those rare pictures of Gandhi during the last decade of his life have been published in a monograph.
One woman was indecently assaulted and the other was assaulted. The incidents happened between 01:30 and 01:40 on Sunday 3 May. A 25-year-old man was detained following a CCTV appeal. He will appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Friday, police said.
Welsh government says it is reviewing the situation. Many of the staff have been laid off. The government will be seeking repayment from the affected staff. It will also be looking for new jobs for the staff who have been affected by the lay-off. The Welsh government is looking into the matter.
Milton Keynes Council leader Peter Marland said Mr Shafiq should examine his conscience over whether he could even continue as a councillor. The driver had been issued with a licence in September 2011, despite councillors knowing of his four convictions, for which he had served a "substantial" custodial sentence.
Dufner shot a second successive seven-under-par round of 65 for a tournament record 36-hole total of 14 under par. Rickie Fowler shot six under for the day to move third and within one stroke of fellow American Daniel Summerhays, with Jordan Spieth still on six under.
Campaign group Cycling UK said Mansfield hosting the race was illogical. Six cyclists are challenging the council over a public spaces protection order. The order prohibits people from cycling in the pedestrianised market place area. Mansfield's mayor Kate Allsop said: "This is about safety"
The three men are being hailed as the "Syrian heroes of Leipzig" They were captured by police as they tried to flee to Syria. The men are now being sought by German authorities to be granted asylum. The three men have not been named for fear of reprisals.
The study, by the Institute for Fiscal Studies (IFS), added that households actually grew richer during the financial crisis. But it said that the reason for the growth between 2006-12 was the increase in pension values over the period. And the slow rate of growth in overall wealth suggested that young people would lag behind earlier generations.
The main parties failed to break the political deadlock after December's inconclusive elections. The conservative Popular Party (PP) is favourite to win, but only narrowly. There is speculation that the PSOE and Podemos could form a ruling coalition after the 26 June vote.
Benteke becomes the Reds' second most expensive signing, after Raheem Sterling. The 24-year-old scored 49 goals in 101 games for Villa after signing from Genk for £7m in 2012. Liverpool have also signed Danny Ings from Burnley and Roberto Firmino.
The woman was attacked by a man at St Denys station in Southampton. An 18-year-old is being held on suspicion of rape and attempted murder. Police have appealed for witnesses to the incident at the station on Saturday. The suspect remains in custody and police are appealing for witnesses.
BP is preparing for a low oil price for the foreseeable future. The oil major is working towards a "financial frame" by 2017 that assumes a price of $60 a barrel. The cost of the Deepwater Horizon disaster has now reached $55bn (£35.85bn)
Pupils are not allowed to wear earrings, jumpers or patterned trousers. The school says the rules are part of a wider push on behaviour. A further 63 pupils were sent home on Wednesday for not wearing the correct shoes. Parents have complained about the lack of information.
The five-time world champion is from the remote northeast state of Manipur. Thousands of north-eastern people fled the Indian cities of Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad fearing reprisal attacks. Bhansali described the boxer as an "inspiration to every Indian woman"
Project director David Climie told MSPs that any bad weather could still make it "challenging" to hit the target. Mr Climie said changing the date was a "painful process", but said the new target date was "realistic" The project also remains within its budget of £1.35bn.
Welsh Government wants to remove defence of reasonable chastisement. Campaigners say it would leave "ordinary parents facing jail" Government says it will make sure law makes life better for parents and children. Previous attempt to ban smacking of children failed in assembly in March 2015.
Thousands of villagers have been taking to the streets every day in a brazen challenge to the authorities. Local Communist Party Secretary Lin Zuluan is seen as a hero to the villagers. He was one of the leaders in the rebellion of 2011 when the former government was overthrown. Special police are moving into the area by the busload.
CNN's John Defterios looks at the standout moments of the 2016 US election campaign. He says the campaign has shown a deeply polarised America. The election is not going to enjoy any kind of political honeymoon, he says. Defterio: 'There will be no warm glow of American basking in the glow of the adoration of the normal American public'
Ebac in Newton Aycliffe expects to make up to 300,000 washing machines a year. The family-run company also makes dehumidifiers and water coolers. The production line is being officially opened by the Duke of Kent later.Currently, the three million washing machines purchased annually in the UK come from overseas.
US President Barack Obama says Libya is now a "mess" The White House says it will continue to support the Libyan government. The UK government has pledged to spend 2% of its GDP on defence. The US says it is committed to working with the UK on a range of issues.
Martin McCauley was seriously wounded and a teenager was killed when police opened fire on a hayshed in County Armagh in 1982. It later emerged that the security services had secretly recorded what happened. Evidence was not made available to the court during his trial. Court of Appeal in Belfast is examining a weapons conviction for which he received a two-year suspended jail sentence.
Pae Jun-ho, known in the US as Bae, was arrested in November. He was accused of plotting to bring down the North Korean government. A North Korean spokesman denied he was being used as a "political bargaining chip" Mr Bae was released after intervention from former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter.
Dom Thomas has agreed a three-year deal with Motherwell. The 21-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan at Queen of the South. Thomas started just four games for Motherwell last season. He scored three goals in 17 appearances for the Doonhamers.
Leigh's victory means Widnes Vikings finish bottom of the Super League at the end of the regular season. Salford would have ensured third place, which would have been their highest league placing for 40 years. Instead they slipped to a fifth defeat in their final six games before the Super 8s/Qualifiers split.
The biopic will also feature two child actors as the younger Dame Barbara. The one-off 90-minute drama will be broadcast sometime next year. It follows the East End star over a 50-year period from 1943 to 1993, covering her lonely childhood and World War Two evacuation.
One of the uprising's leaders said the soldiers were "ready to fight" if attacked. The unrest began after a spokesman for the soldiers announced on Thursday that they had dropped their pay demands. In January, they forced the government into paying them about $8,000 (£6,200) each in bonuses to end a rebellion.
The so-called tampon tax is a sales tax on feminine hygiene products. Food and medicine are exempt from the tax, but some states do not include tampons and pads. Advocates have decried the tax as an unfair burden on women since tampons are not considered a luxury.
Chancellor says recent months have "decisively ended" questions about his economic policy. But he stresses it is still the "early stages" and "plenty of risks" remain. Labour accuses Mr Osborne of "extraordinary complacency" and says life is getting worse.
David Cameron has been 'banging on about Europe' for months and months. But his party has changed as the years have passed, he says. UKIP's appeal grew alongside the rise in immigration, he adds. And it was that steep rise in EU immigration that gave Cameron his most pressing political reason for - in the end - promising a referendum.
Plaid Cymru promises to save 10,000 lives between 2016 and 2026. The party is pitching itself as an alternative government for Wales. The manifesto stretches far beyond the initial nine point plan, with a huge document some 194 pages long. It includes the recruitment of 1,000 extra doctors and 5,000 nurses. And a proposal to pay off £18,000 of university debt if students return to Wales.
Campaigners have raised concerns over possible health risks and increased traffic if the build goes ahead. Sheffield City Council said it had carried out extensive investigations into any potential risks. The authority said the birth rate in Sheffield had increased by 25% since 2002, with 1,000 more children per year entering education. The plans were approved at a meeting on Tuesday.
NFU Scotland said producers were losing about Â£10 for every pig that is sold. Prices have been driven down from a record high in 2013. A Russian import ban led to an oversupply of the meat in Europe. Farming leaders now plan to meet retailers to discuss promotion of Scottish pork.
Luxury-branded goods can be hard to find as they become more ubiquitous. US firm CustomMade.com connects 12,000 makers with 100,000 buyers. Its range of goods is almost limitless, including a Quidditch set for one couple. But even without the might of a big brand name, the value of a diamond is not set in stone.
Gang targeted three major rail improvement projects being delivered by Network Rail. They then stripped the cabling and sold the copper inside. The total cost to Network Rail was in excess of £1m. Recorder Simon King said: "I have no alternative but to impose immediate custodial sentences. This was organised and professional thieving"
Bieber ordered to pay $80,900 (Â£47,160) in damages, serve five days of community service and complete an anger management programme. The 20-year-old was not present in court for the sentencing. He faces two other criminal cases in Florida and Toronto.
Documentary Am I Included? will be broadcast on BBC One Scotland at 19:30 on Wednesday. It will ask the question: what does real inclusion mean in practice and is the system a success? It will also look at the attitudes of teachers and all the staff and children.
Cunningham, 40, left his role with Saints in April and will work alongside head coach Neil Jukes at Leigh. Owner Derek Beaumont has relinquished the head of rugby position because of his business commitments. Leigh have won one and lost one of their two fixtures in the Qualifiers, after finishing 11th in Super League.
Temperton died in London last week after "a brief aggressive battle with cancer" His hits included Off The Wall and Baby Be Mine for Jackson and Boogie Nights for his band Heatwave. Nile Rodgers: "Your genius gave us a funkier world!" Michael Jackson's sister LaToya: "A brilliant prolific #songwriter Rod Temperton"
The wicketkeeper-batter, 26, has been a key part of the England set-up since making her international debut in 2006. She is England's third highest one-day international run-scorer and second only to Charlotte Edwards in T20 games. Sussex's Taylor took a four-month sabbatical in 2010.
Cardiff City beat Burton Albion 1-0 at the Pirelli Stadium. Kenneth Zohore scored the winner for Neil Warnock's side. Liam Boyce was ruled out for the rest of the season with a cruciate ligament injury. Burton keeper Stephen Bywater was in fine form.
Jacqueline Carol Lloyd, 46, died after being struck by an out-of-service bus. Derek Bebbington, 57, of Moss Nook, Burscough, has denied the charge. He will appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 10 June.
Fisher, 60, who played Princess Leia in Star Wars, was taken ill on a flight from London to LA on Friday. Co-star Harrison Ford said he was "shocked and saddened" by the news. The actress was on a ventilator in the UCLA medical centre.
The cameras will go live on the northbound and southbound carriages of the M74 from Monday. Similar measures will follow later on the M8, A8 and M73. It is hoped they will help safeguard driver and worker safety. The motorway improvements project began in February 2014 and is scheduled for completion in spring 2017.
South Africa bowled out for 226 and will begin day four 360 runs behind. England, 2-1 up, are chasing their first home series win against South Africa since 1998. Under-fire opener Keaton Jennings managed only 18. England were 153-7 before Moeen's 59-ball knock took them 224-8.
Amputee football has been going for many years south of the border. A charity is now trying to form a Scotland-wide league. One of the players lost his leg to cancer at the age of 10. He says: "Don't let anyone stop you, just go for it"
The three soldiers were unlawfully killed on active service, the coroner ruled. They were killed on Route 611 in the Nahr-e-Saraj district on 30 April 2013. An improvised explosive device (IED) had been put in place using a tunnel and was triggered using a command wire from behind a nearby compound.
Wales and British and Irish Lions lock Jones hopes the players can now concentrate on the new season. The two sides have been without a binding deal since the previous one expired in June. Ospreys begin their season on Friday, 5 September at home to Treviso in the Guinness Pro12.
Nearly 40% of gardeners get their plants, bulbs and seeds from supermarkets. Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don believes consumers should shop around. The UK garden market is worth around Â£5bn, with some Â £1.4bn spent on garden plants by UK consumers in 2013.
Young woman and her diving buddy were exploring the wreck of sunken cargo ship near Lochaline. She was rescued at 11:16 by Oban's RNLI lifeboat, whose crew included a doctor with experience of working with divers in similar situations. The woman was taken to a waiting ambulance in Oban, then transferred to a recompression chamber at Dunstaffnage.
Olympic and Paralympic sprinter broke down in tears during testimony. He said he tried to help her breathe and stem the bleeding from her hip. The athlete denies deliberately shooting dead Ms Steenkamp on Valentine's Day last year, arguing he mistook her for an intruder.
At least six travel agencies are accused of violating competition rules. They are suspected of colluding on prices before responding to an Israeli ministry tender to take students to Holocaust memorials. A trip can cost several thousand shekels per student, according to reports. Some six million Jews were murdered by the Nazis during the Holocaust.
Oldham went in front in the fifth minute when Marc Klok delivered a free-kick from the right to the far post. Bradford dominated the rest of the opening period as the visitors' defence survived a series of narrow escapes. But Bradford deservedly equalised after 57 minutes when Ousmane Fane dragged Cullen to the ground.
Sneijder was a free agent after leaving Galatasaray at the end of last season. The 33-year-old won the Champions League with Inter Milan in 2010. Nice finished third in Ligue 1 last season and face a two-legged play-off against Napoli.
Ricky Miller opened the scoring with a penalty in the 26th minute. James Alabi equalised for Chester on the half-hour mark. Miller then raced clear of the visitors' backline and finished his 29th goal of the season after 49 minutes. Joe Healy completed the scoring for Dover Athletic nine minutes later.
The Save Our Falmouth Group organised the event in response to the latest planning applications for large scale student accommodation. They say the demand on housing is already high and any more students will have a detrimental effect. A Falmouth University spokesperson said there are two public consultation events taking place this month.
From 20 March, speed restrictions and speed cameras will be introduced where work is taking place. The work will see the six-mile "missing link" completed on the M8 in North Lanarkshire. The improvements are expected to cut journey times by up to 18 minutes.
North Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Arfon Jones said a so-called "fix room" could reduce drug deaths and the spread of infection. He said he also wanted to see a heroin-assisted treatment centre, which would see "chaotic" addicts prescribed medicinal heroin to help them beat their addiction.
Miliband said a Labour government is "not going to happen" if the price of power was doing a deal with the SNP. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said Scottish voters would never forgive Labour if it allowed the Conservatives back. Lib Dems claim the SNP views the election as a stepping stone to another independence vote.
There were 3,511 marriages registered in 2015 compared with 3,499 in 2014. Last year's total is more than a third down on the record total for Gretna. But it can still claim to be the "marriage capital" of Scotland and accounts for 12% of all weddings.
Rebecca Minnock and her son Ethan disappeared from Highbridge, Somerset, on 27 May. She told newspapers she knew it was wrong but she could not give Ethan up. Police have passed on her personal number to staff in 999 and 111 call centres. She was seen withdrawing cash in Highbridge before getting into a black Ford Focus.
Plans for a new school in Haverfordwest have been shelved. It follows a long-running dispute over the future of the town's schools. A previous plan to build a school in the town was abandoned last year. The new school would be an English medium school, not a primary.
Jenny goes to a children's hospital in Sheffield to speak to a doctor. She also meets Lilly and Jake, who have come to hospital needing treatment, to see how their experience went. She asks: How is this affecting children who get injured and need to go to hospital?
Erfan Ali was attacked by his neighbour's Rhodesian Ridgeback called Tyson. It jumped through a broken wooden fence before attacking the boy in his family's garden. The dog's owner Kevin Large was jailed in 2012 after he admitted failing to control the animal. Erfan's family has won a payout after launching civil action against Large's mother.
The 18-year-old was climbing on the 15ft (4.5m) statue when he fell. He suffered serious neck and back injuries and died in hospital. The statue depicts General Redvers Buller on horseback, mounted on a large granite plinth.
The last time UK house prices rose so quickly was in 2006, when values soared by 9.9%. The 9.5% increase in 2015 was way ahead of experts' predictions a year ago. Newham, in East London, was the town with the largest increase. Prices there rose by 22%, compared to 12% for London as a whole.
Arthur Cory, 49, said the flag had been kept in a cupboard at Penllyn Castle. It is said to have flown above Nelson's warship HMS Leviathan. The flag is expected to fetch up to Â£50,000 at auction, Holt's Auctioneers.
The drugs – 0.04g of cocaine with a street value of about £3 – were found in a bag in a glove compartment. The 20-year-old claimed he was tortured into signing a confession after being arrested in December. He said the confession document was in Arabic, which he did not understand.
The tapes were handed over to the Royal Courts of Justice in London. They were kept under lock and key to protect the privacy of those who recorded them. The tapes were made in the 1970s and 1980s during the Northern Ireland Troubles. They are believed to have been made after the death of a member of the IRA in 1972.
Artykov finished third in the men's -69kg weightlifting competition. The 22-year-old's "medal is forfeited" and "he is excluded from the Games" The bronze medal will be reallocated by the weightlifting federation and the International Olympic Committee.
Odion Ighalo put the hosts in front from close range, only for Antonio to level with a solo effort moments later. Matej Vydra restored the Hornets' lead from the spot after he was brought down by Kelvin Wilson. Antonio levelled again, heading in Chris Burke's cross to leave new Watford boss Slavisa Jokanovic with four points from his first two games.
About 50 refugees from Syria have been re-settled in Wales with more to come. Torfaen, Ceredigion, Neath Port Talbot and Caerphilly have been the first councils to welcome refugees. The first minister also asked people to "spare a thought" for those working over Christmas.
The PGA Tour has not revealed how many of its players will be tested for doping. The World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) will be testing all golfers at the Olympics. Wada will also be testing other sports, such as tennis and cricket, during the Games.
A rise in professional trolls who have the time and resources to steal your identity is thought to be to blame. Devon and Cornwall Police's Hi-Tech Crime Unit says the problem is becoming more frequent. You can never completely stop a troll from stealing your identity, but here are some things you can do which will make a troll's life a bit more difficult.
CCTV footage shows heavily armed police entering the building's foyer at 2:14 local time on 16 December. The footage shows the officers filing through a door into the cafe and bringing out hostage Robin Hope. A hostage, Katrina Dawson, was also killed in the raid by a ricocheting police bullet.
HMS Cornwall has been sold to Swansea Drydocks while the other three have been bought by Turkish firm Leyal. The two companies will recycle as many parts of the former Devonport-based ships as possible. The ships are expected to leave Portsmouth in the autumn.
McCarthy has previously played in Super League with Hull KR and Warrington. The 29-year-old forward has signed what the Red Devils describe as a "long-term contract" with Salford. McCarthy has 12 international caps and played for his country at the 2013 World Cup.
The local man was working at Fruehauf on Houghton Road, Lincolnshire. Police said it was carrying out a joint inquiry with the Health and Safety Executive. The company was cooperating fully with the investigation, the force added. The man fell from a cherry picker at about 13:45 GMT on Thursday.
OPCW inspectors have visited 19 of the 23 sites declared by Syria. The mission was set up after a chemical weapons attack in August. More than 100,000 people have been killed in the two-and-a-half-year conflict. The UN says more than two million people have fled the country.
One in every 2,500 babies in the UK has cystic fibrosis. Patients often die before their 40s as mucus clogs their lungs and damages their lungs. A combination of drugs could bypass the genetic errors that cause the disease. The Cystic Fibrosis Trust said it could "improve the lives of many"
Four steel columns need to be installed at Scarthin Books, in Cromford, Derbyshire. A crowd funding appeal began on Sunday and more than £5,000 has been raised. Manager David Booker said building work was put off in favour of restocking during the shop's 41 years.
Dairy farmers currently receive about 19p a litre for milk. This is well below the cost of production at about 27p. Asda confirmed on Friday that it had told Dale Farm, its Northern Ireland supplier, that it will increase the price it pays to 28p alitre.
Peers defy the government by backing calls to set up a joint parliamentary committee to look at the proposals. Ministers have had to redraft plans to give English MPs an effective veto on laws deemed to apply to England only and to delay a vote amid opposition. Lord Lawson and Lord Forsyth were among Conservative peers to rebel as the government lost by 320 votes to 139.
Shaun Moth posted abuse about Mikaeel Kular on the social networking site the day before the three-year-old boy's body was found in a wood in Kirkcaldy. Moth, from Whitehills in Aberdeenshire, pleaded guilty to posting grossly offensive comments on Facebook.
The 10bn-euro ($13bn; Â£8.6bn) deal agreed by the EU and IMF in Brussels marks a radical departure from previous international aid packages. People in Cyprus with less than 100,000 euros in their accounts would have to pay a one-time tax of 6.75%. Those with sums over that threshold would pay 9.9% in tax.
Assynt Mountain Rescue Team members Bob Kerr and Tim Hamlet climbed to the summits of both sea stacks. Dry conditions made negotiating droppings left by thousands of seabirds on Stac Lee a little easier. Once on the top of Stac an Armin, the two climbers were able to take in clear views of St Kilda.
The camera was installed in 2012, but only went into fully commissioned operation earlier this year. It has now notched up a staggering 13,624 penalty notices for speeding - and a further 146 drivers were caught for red-light offences. GoSafe partnership, which runs the Cardiff camera, said 99.5% of drivers at the site met the speed limit.
Salman Ramadan Abedi, 22, detonated a homemade device in the foyer of Manchester Arena following an Ariana Grande concert on 22 May. The five-minute hearing was adjourned until 1 December, pending the police investigation. No members of Abedi's family were present at the hearing at Manchester Town Hall.
Mr Justice Colton backed legal action by construction company FP McCann Ltd. It brought the action after failing to land the deal to design and build the A8 dual carriageway between Belfast and Larne.FP McCann issued proceedings over the tender for the work it submitted in 2009.
Dywedodd Martin Nicholls o Gyngor Abertawe: "Mae'r gymeradwyaeth yn golygu y gallwn ni nawr fwrw mlaen â'r cynlluniau ar gyfer y safle i'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth, sef rhan gynta'r datblygiad"
Ian Paterson, 59, was found guilty in May of 17 counts of wounding with intent. He was also convicted of three further wounding charges at Nottingham Crown Court. He appeared at the Court of Appeal via video link and was told his current sentence was "not sufficient" to reflect the seriousness of his offending.
PIPs started replacing disability allowance in April 2013. About 3,000 people waited more than a year to have their claims processed. The High Court is now conducting a judicial review into the payment system. A minister said "significant progress" had been made in processing claims.
PMQs clash was the first since a huge leak of documents from Panamanian law firm Mossack Fonseca revealed how some wealthy people use offshore firms to dodge tax. Labour's Jeremy Corbyn said there was a "disconnect" between the government's rhetoric and its actions. SNP's Angus Robertson said 10 times more officials were investigating welfare fraud than tax evasion.
Shots fired in Friedrich-Stoltze Square, a busy area of bars and cafes. Witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station. The suspects fled and the area was quickly cordoned off. Police say they can guess that this involves local crime gangs.
The employers offered no rise for last year and a rise of 1% for 2016-17. The education minister said the rejection of the offer was "disappointing" The Northern Ireland Teachers' Council (NITC) said teachers would be "extremely unhappy about this failure of then management side to make a reasonable offer"
From September, three and four-year-olds in England will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week in term time. But a poll of childcare providers suggests many will struggle to offer the 30 hours as the funding will not cover their costs. Almost a fifth (19.3%) said they would not be introducing it and more than half (58%) said it was because the funding was not high enough.
Flamingos employ no active muscular effort when they're unipedal. A passive mechanism is engaged in the one-legged position, allowing flamingos to stand proud while having a doze. Researchers conducted several experiments with both live and dead birds. They found that flamingo cadavers could be made to stand one- legs without any external support.
The pedestrian died following an incident involving a green car in the Diamond area on Sunday afternoon. Police said an 18-year-old woman had been arrested. They have appealed for information about the incident in which the pedestrian died. The incident is still under investigation, police said.
The RMT's 10,000 members will start voting on 11 February. The Night Tube service will take place on five lines - Jubilee, Victoria, Central, Northern and Piccadilly lines. The proposed agreement includes a 2% pay rise in year one, RPI inflation or 1% in years two and three.
The five-day challenge is in aid of the Missing People charity. It will pass through Newcastle, York, Nottingham and Northampton before crossing the finish line in London on Wednesday. Mrs McCann is an ambassador for Missing People and last year launched Child Rescue Alert. More than 250,000 people sign up to receive alerts when a child is feared to have been abducted.
Ece Heper, 50, was arrested on 30 December in the north-eastern town of Kars. Canadian officials say they are offering consular assistance, but released no further information. Turkey's penal code states that anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison.
Both Broughty Ferry lifeboats were called out shortly before midday. Coastguard helicopter later joined the search of the waterfront area. Lifeboats were stood down at about 15:00. No one was found after an extensive search by Coastguard officers. The search was called off at about 16:30.
Planners also approved proposals for an additional 154 car parking spaces. The original plans had catered for a 1,300-space car park. The complex will feature a home and garden centre, shops, a drive-through restaurant, lakeside visitor centre, restaurants and a boathouse.
The court ruled that the assembly was in contempt and said it would exercise congressional functions. The charge stems from alleged electoral irregularities by three opposition lawmakers in elections in 2015. Head of the OAS Luis Almagro accused President Nicolas Maduro's government of carrying out what he described as a coup against itself.
Welsh Local Government Association warns councils face a Â£92m social care "black hole" in 2017-18. Councils in England are being allowed to raise the tax by 6% over two years to plug a care funding gap. Social Services Minister Rebecca Evans said increasing the tax was not "fair" and "not an approach we're taking"
Victim was attacked in Gillians Park in Blackbird Leys at 20:48 BST. He remains in hospital with serious injuries to his arms. One suspect is described by police as a black man, aged about 24, of large build. Another is thought to be about 25 years old, with a ponytail and beard.
Glasgow saw its traffic rise by 8.4% to nearly 600,000 in January. Edinburgh said most of its growth last month came from international flights. A total of 207,100 passengers travelled through the airport during the month. Aberdeen International Airport reported its lowest decline in passenger numbers for almost two years.
David Lipton, second in command at the IMF, outlined some of these risks in a speech to the National Association for Business Economics. "We are clearly at a delicate juncture," he said. The comments come after weaker-than-expected trade figures from China showing that exports plunged by a quarter from a year ago.
Cyprus's banks will remain closed at least until Thursday while they try and unravel this. The Cypriot parliament may delay again today voting on a bailout deal that has brought protesters onto the streets. Bank shares in Europe have been under pressure. Fear has returned to the eurozone. EU's reputation has been damaged.
Walter Palmer, the US dentist who shot the animal known as Cecil, has left Zimbabwe but could also face charges. Mr Palmer said he paid for the hunt, but was not aware of the lion's identity. He said he regretted shooting the animal and believed he was on a legal hunt.Professional hunter Theo Bronkhorst and farm owner Honest Ndlovu, were charged with poaching offences.
The servicemen are seen carrying Canada's former "Red Ensign" flag. The flag went out of official use in 1965 after being replaced by the maple leaf design. Video shows a tense exchange between the servicemen and people attending the ceremony. One claims they are members of an alt-right group called "Proud Boys"
Chris Matheson becomes MP for the constituency, with Conservative Stephen Mosley losing out by just 93 votes. The Conservatives held all their Cheshire seats, with Crewe & Nantwich, Congleton, Macclesfield, Weaver Vale, Eddisbury and Warrington South all remaining resolutely blue.
Eight people also killed by a rare blast in the town of Suweida. The town is home to Syria's Druze minority, who have so far stayed out of the conflict. Wednesday's blast went off outside the headquarters of the Air Force Intelligence. The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, a UK-based activist group, said it was a suicide car bomb.
Incident happened after the vehicle left the A68 in Jedburgh at about 09:40. Police said a "small number of passengers" on board had been left shaken. The route was closed for about an hour while the vehicle was safely removed.Investigations are continuing to determine what caused the bus to leave the road.
Matthew Cherrington, 32, from West Bromwich, murdered 26-year-old Lidia Pascale. She was last seen on 19 November 2014 and her body was discovered two weeks later. Cherrington must serve a minimum of 19 years, Birmingham Crown Court was told.
Emissions in 2015 were 41% below the levels for 1990, a benchmark against which targets are set. Total emissions since 2014 are 1.8% higher. Environment Secretary Roseanna Cunningham says Scotland is "comfortably on track" to meet its 2020 target. But environmental groups claim the 2020 target was only met because of an unseasonably mild winter.
New exhibition at the National Library of Wales, Aberystwyth, brings together all the texts which have informed our perception of Arthur for more than a millennium. Curator Dr Maredudd ap Huw: "The beauty of Arthur is that he was - indeed, according to some 'is' - whoever you want him to be"
HS2 Action Alliance says engineering work will mean 133 weekends closed. It would also mean 19 weekend closures at Euston station, the group said. HS2 said any closures would be carefully planned and would be tied in with everyday engineering projects. But it does warn that "HS2 phase one will need to recognise the cumulative effect on passengers and operators of disruption"
Isla Wiggin, of Fleet, Hampshire, died two days later. Her mother Collette's unborn son also died in the crash. Thomas Hunter, 59, of Mansfield Road, Mansfield, had admitted causing the eight-vehicle crash on the A34 at Hinksey Hill, Oxford.
Chris Bryant MP said the House could "force" Mr Ashley to attend a meeting. He accuses MPs of "abusing parliamentary procedures" in order to "create a media circus at Westminster" The committee reserved the right to "take the matter further" should he not attend future dates.
Stephen Archer, 50, has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police said. The 49-year-old victim was airlifted to hospital with 70% burns. Detectives believe the victim was covered in petrol before being set alight. A post-mortem examination is scheduled to take place later to establish the cause of death.
Hackney Council is providing temporary office space for up to eight people in a tree in Hoxton Square. The idea from the Park Hack community partnership aims to generate more investment in parks and open spaces. The tree office has been designed by Australian-American artist Natalie Jeremijenko along with "collaborative artists"
Former PM Tony Abbott reintroduced knighthoods and damehoods in 2014. His controversial decision to grant Prince Philip a knighthOOD in January was widely seen as one of the factors which ended his term as leader. New PM Malcolm Turnbull says the titles were "not appropriate" in modern Australia.
The New England Patriots are being investigated over allegations they under-inflated balls in beating the Indianapolis Colts to reach the showpiece event. The Patriots took the lead with two minutes left and held on for victory. Pop star Katy Perry was the star attraction at the interval and she was joined by special guests Lenny Kravitz and Missy Elliott.
Spencer Wilding, who hails from Rhyl, was the guest of honour at a special screening of Rogue One. He had to muster all powers of the force to keep his Vader role secret until the film's release. The 6ft 7in (2m) tall actor already has a string of Hollywood appearances to his name.
Slovenia Under-21 international Benedicic has joined on a free transfer. The 20-year-old spent a month on loan with Leeds in 2014-15. He has also played for Serie B side Como and featured nine times for Ascoli.
Newly-laid floors and ceilings have been damaged in the construction of a new arts centre in Bangor, Wales. The project is due to be completed in September. The University of Bangor says it is working with the contractor to ensure the project is completed on time and to the highest standards.
The Malheur National Wildlife Refuge was established by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1908. It is owned by two men who have spent time in prison for setting fires which spread to public land. The men insist the federal government has overreached its authority and has no right to this land. They say they are prepared to stay for years to make a point.
Rosie's Helping Hands has raised Â£350,000 for young people in and around Aldridge. The last annual Rosie's Walk takes place on Sunday at Aldridge Airfield. The charity helped to fund a pirate themed play area on the children's ward at Walsall Manor Hospital.
The man's bike was in collision with a car in the village at around noon. It happened close to the junction with the Kilkeel Road and Pat's Road. The man's name has not been released. Police said the car driver is assisting officers with their inquiries.
Fr Donegan has ministered in the Ardoyne area for the last 15 years. He is due to take up new duties next week at the Tobar Mhuire retreat centre. A small crowd of protesters accused him of taking sides with Sinn FÃ©in and the Orange Order against a majority of local residents.
AB InBev on Wednesday raised its offer for SAB to £42.15 a share, having previously bid £38 and £40. Any deal between the two would create the world's biggest brewer, worth more than £180bn. SAB reported a 9% fall in revenues for the three months to September, blaming weakening emerging market currencies.
The humpback whale has been spotted off the coast of New South Wales. He is the only known all-white whale in the world. A Twitter account has been set up to provide updates on the whale's whereabouts. The whale is believed to be in the middle of the state's east coast.
UK government says Scottish ministers will have £390m more in spending next year. John Swinney is due to present his 2016-17 spending plans on Wednesday. Scottish government argues that cuts imposed by the UK government since 2010 mean that its discretionary budget will be 12.5% lower in real terms by 2019-20.
Peter Bo Henriksen was sentenced to 18 months in jail for selling information. He sold information to the Se og Hor weekly magazine, which reported royal stories. The magazine was fined $1.52m (Â£1.22m) last year for wrongfully monitoring more than 120 celebrities.
Andrew, 29, was not punished for the incident during the game on 29 October, but was later cited after a Football Association video review. The usual punishment for violent conduct is three games. Andrew's initial 12-match ban was one of the longest handed out in English football.
Taylor retired with a heart condition in April 2016 after seven England Tests and 27 one-day games. He has since worked with Nottinghamshire and Yorkshire's academies in addition to media work. Former Northants captain Sales scored in excess of 22,000 runs in more than 20 years at the County Ground before his retirement in 2014.
Nani joined Valencia from Fenerbahce in the summer. The 29-year-old says he is confident the team can turn the corner. Valencia are bottom of La Liga after four straight defeats. They face newly promoted Leganes on Sunday. Click here for more from the World Football Show.
Allardyce says Hart will be in his squad for next month's World Cup qualifier with Slovakia when it is named on Sunday. Hart has won 63 caps for England, but had a disappointing Euro 2016, making mistakes against Wales and Iceland as the side was knocked out in the last 16. The 29-year-old is yet to make an appearance for City this season.
Vale took a deserved lead when AJ Leitch-Smith converted Byron Moore's cross. Jamal Campbell-Ryce equalised just after half-time with a drilled finish. Sam Hird headed the hosts in front. JJ Hooper's curling shot brought the visitors level. Gboly Ariyibi turned in a corner and O'Shea's 20-yard shot sealed the win.
In dollar terms, imports dropped 20.4% from a year earlier to $145.2bn. The drop was due to lower commodity prices and weaker domestic demand. China is due to report its third-quarter growth rate, which is expected to be lower than the 7% annual pace seen in the second quarter.
Philipps wrote: "If this is what we should expect from immigrants, send them back to their stinking jungles" He was found guilty of two counts of making a racially-aggravated public statement. The judge said he should not have made the comments in the first place. He added that the comments were not meant to be taken seriously.
The Department for Transport said the 3% rise was not "statistically significant" AA president Edmund King said the death toll was the "equivalent of three plane crashes" Roads Minister Andrew Jones said: "Britain continues to have some of the safest roads in the world but we cannot be complacent on road safety"
Economic research institute questioned 320 businesses following the vote on leaving the EU. More than 70% of firms surveyed as part of the research had done no preparation for the UK exiting the European Union. Two-thirds of businesses said resolution of the uncertainty in the economy was a key issue in the negotiation.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young are back in training after respective ankle and groin injuries and might be involved. Antonio Conte has a full-strength squad and could name an unchanged side. Cesc Fabregas and Willian are the most likely of any players to earn a recall. Jose Mourinho: "It's not just because they're fresh but they have individual quality and they have collective quality"
Surprise frontrunner Francois Fillon says his project is "more radical" Alain Juppe insists his proposals are "deep and credible" It was the final Republicans party debate before Sunday's concluding vote. The Republicans candidate is widely expected to face far-right National Front (FN) leader Marine Le Pen.
Team from Imperial College London, King's College London and Oxford University, says the findings show the value of early paternal involvement. Fathers were videoed playing with their three-month-old babies for three minutes on a mat on the floor, without toys, and then again during a book-reading session when the child was two.
Prime Minister says he is committed to free school meals in England. Chancellor George Osborne has demanded cuts of between 25% and 40% from unprotected budgets. Department for Education says meals will be protected in spending review. 40 top health professionals warn scrapping meals could harm children's health.
Pembrokeshire council's waste and recycling options are being considered. The council's head of environment, Richard Brown said there will be "high public interest" whatever they come up with. A report said Â£1.2m needed to be saved over the next four years. Five options were presented to the council's policy scrutiny committee.
Robert Farmer, 26, admitted 21 felony counts of animal cruelty. He killed 18 cats and wounded three - along with misdemeanour battery and being under the influence. The cats all went missing in the Cambrian Park area of San Jose in the autumn of 2015. One of the cats showed signs of having been sexually abused, experts said.
The move is the final step in the club's plan to become a vegan club. It follows a World Health Organisation report which links meat to cancer. The club has also made other moves to improve its sustainability, such as fitting solar panels to its stadium roof, and making an "organic" pitch.
The 32-year-old was released by the Paisley club after two stints. Van Zanten is the Championship club's second summer signing. He also had spells at Hibs, Morton and Hamilton before joining Buddies. The League Cup winner made 18 appearances for the Buddies last season.
Djokovic beats Berdych to reach his first Grand Slam semi-final. He will play Kiki Bertens, who beat Timea Bacsinszky 7-5 6-2. Williams beat Kazakhstan's Yulia Putintseva 5-7 6-4 6-1.
Government wants some households to pay more to raise money for education. Finance secretary Derek Mackay gave evidence to committee backing the plan. Members voted four to two in favour of sending the proposal to parliament. Green MSP Andy Wightman noted "concerns" about wider local tax plans.
Johann Berg Gudmundsson is out for Burnley after tweaking knee ligament. Steven Defour is back in training after a hamstring injury but won't feature. Jeff Hendrick is still suspended. Dieumerci Mbokani is doubtful due to illness, but Abel Hernandez could return. Hull City host Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday.
Manchester City have had two offers turned down for Jonny Evans. West Brom have also turned down a £10m bid from Leicester. Evans spent nine years at Manchester United before joining West Brom. The 29-year-old has two years left on his deal at the Hawthorns.
Harold Jellicoe Percival, known as Coe, served as ground crew on the famous Dambusters raids carried out in May 1943. The funeral home organising the service put an advert in a newspaper appealing for people to attend. The Reverend Alan Clark, who conducted the service, said: "We marvel at the power of the printed word, whether on paper or screen"
Eloyse Lesueur wins gold in the women's long jump with 6.85m. Britain claim silver in the men's 4x400m team and women's quartet. Christine Ohuruogu secures bronze in women's 4X400m. Andrew Osagie wins bronze in the 800m after Marcin Lewandowski is disqualified.
Jamie Robinson was on a Thalys train from Amsterdam to Paris on Friday. He saw three members of train staff run through his coach, carriage 11. They used their key to open a service door and locked the door after them. Mr Robinson says there was no response to passengers' desperate calls for help.
Keepers at San Diego Zoo had used acupuncture and hydrotherapy to treat his arthritis and other ailments. Speed had been brought to California in 1933 as part of a programme to preserve the endangered species from the Volcan Cerro Azul island of the Galapagos, off Ecuador.
The players, who thrashed Japan 5-2 on Sunday in Vancouver, will ride an open-topped bus down a stretch of Broadway commonly known as the Canyon of Heroes. It's a rare honour for athletes that do not come from New York, but pressure has been building to honour their achievement.
Eoghan Chada, 10, and his brother RuairÃ­, 5, were found dead on Monday. Father Declan Foley said the boys' deaths were "beyond comprehension" He said when their bodies were discovered, it was as "if the earth had quaked and the house had shook"
Csongor Sandor, 30, of Dallow Road, Luton, was arrested in June. Police, acting on information, found a photo of the attack on his phone. At Luton Crown Court he admitted sexually assaulting a child under 13. He also admitted three counts of making indecent images of children.
Brake manufacturer Meritor owns the site in Cwmbran where facilities could be built. Joint plans from Coleg Gwent and Torfaen council will now be put to the Welsh government for approval. A consultation with residents will then be held into the plans. The new centre will provide an equitable provision for all young people in the borough and is long overdue.
19 Lancaster bombers destroyed two strategically significant German dams. Images sold in Nottingham for Â£2,100 - considerably more than the list price. Images are stamped "Secret Command Document" and carry a warning forbidding them to be copied. Eight aircraft were lost and 56 of 133 aircrew were killed or captured.
On sale at Foston's Fine Meats in Duns are scotch eggs with a chocolate twist. The Easter treats have been wrapped with sweet chilli pork meat. It is the latest in a series of peculiar products created by Mr Foston. He said a cracked black pepper and strawberry sausage produced to mark Wimbledon was a great success.
Saido Berahino scored his first goal for the Baggies since January. The 22-year-old had said he would not play under chairman Jeremy Peace again. But he made his first start since at Villa, poking home a first-half strike. Pulis: "This game was made for Saido. He's not played a lot of football and looked tired"
Valery Gergiev conducted the Mariinsky Symphony Orchestra at Palmyra's Roman Theatre. He described the concert as a protest against the barbarism and violence exhibited by Islamic State militants. The Russian president also addressed the audience, by video link from his Black Sea residence in Sochi. UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said the concert was a tasteless attempt to distract attention from the continued suffering of millions of Syrians.
John Adams's opera portrays hijacking of Achille Lauro cruise ship in 1985. Jewish American passenger Leon Klinghoffer was killed in the attack. Met's General Manager Peter Gelb: "I'm convinced that the opera is not anti-Semitic" Mr Adams: Opera "in no form condones or promotes violence, terrorism or anti-Semitism"
Hibs beat St Johnstone 3-0 at Rugby Park on Saturday. The win takes them eight points clear at the top of the Scottish Championship. Former Blackpool and Huddersfield midfielder Clark has been in charge since mid-February. He has brought in three new players, including Miles Addison.
Prof Jacquie McGlade said the UK was shifting away from clean energy. She said the cuts in renewables subsidies, coupled with tax breaks for oil and gas, sent a worrying signal to the coming UN climate summit in Paris. The UK government says it will meet its targets on carbon emissions in the most cost-effective way.
Japan's Todai robot outperformed 80% of high-school pupils. It was also in the top 1% for maths. But Prof Arai, a mathematician at the National Institute of Informatics, is not happy about how well it is doing. At the Ted conference, she said the results were "alarming"
Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham, which formed a pact last year, both say the plane was shot down. Syrian state media said the crash was caused by a technical fault. Neither the claims nor the footage have been independently verified. More than 280,000 have been killed and millions displaced by Syria's five-year conflict, according to UN estimates.
Reports in France suggest Toulon coach Diego Dominguez's job is under threat. Lancaster, 46, is viewed as a potential successor. He left his role with England after their exit from the 2015 World Cup. Since his departure, Lancaster has been an adviser to the Football Association.
Whitmire has worked on the Muppets since 1978 and also voiced Ernie. He was chosen to take over as Kermit by Jim Henson's son Brian. No reason has been given for Whitmire's exit. Matt Vogel, who voiced Kermit imitator Constantine in 2014 film, will take over.
Ryan Watson was taken to Wishaw General following an incident on 11 August. He later died and police have appealed to the local community for information. Det Insp Mark Bell said: "I am confident that the answer to Ryan's death lies within the community of Larkhall"
The Transocean Winner has 280 metric tonnes of diesel on board. Coastguard said there were no personnel on board the rig and there was no risk to life. Emergency towing vessel has been sent to the scene from the Northern Isles. Scotland used to have two of the boats available to cover the north and west coasts.
Jack Lloyd Kay, 20, of Gosmore, was driving a Peugeot when it overturned. Jack Mudd, 19, who planned to go to a US university to continue his golfing career, died in the crash. Kay had already pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving while over the alcohol limit.
Widnes lie eighth after their poor run and face Salford at Magic Weekend on Saturday. England assistant coach Betts says the players are hurting and they've got to win. Widnes started the season with six victories from their first seven games. The Vikings' only wins have been in the Challenge Cup.
Denmark international refused to be on the bench for the visit of Bournemouth. Villa's relegation from the Premier League was confirmed with last weekend's defeat at Manchester United. Owner Randy Lerner released a statement accepting blame for the end of the club's 28-year stay in the top flight.
Police received reports that six windows had been smashed at the property. Entry had been gained with damage caused to the interior doors. At 07:00 BST, police received reports the property had been set alight. No-one was injured and the occupant had left in the intervening period.
Labour would bring back the 50p tax on incomes above £150,000. The party would also introduce a "mansion tax" on homes worth over £2m. Plaid Cymru will challenge Labour politicians to drop what it calls their "commitment to Tory cuts" The Conservatives will say housing association tenants should gain the right to buy their homes.
The swan had been shot through the wing with an arrow which narrowly missed its vital organs and spine. It underwent emergency surgery and was on antibiotics and painkillers until its release on 13 April. The bird was cared for at the Scottish SPCA's national wildlife rescue centre in Fishcross.
The UK government is set to introduce new measures to improve the quality of life in the country. The measures will include the introduction of a minimum wage increase to £20,000 per year. The new measures are aimed at reducing the cost of living in the UK to £15,000.
At least 151 people have been put to death in Saudi Arabia this year. The majority of the victims are believed to be from the country's Shia community. The victims are thought to have been involved in anti-government protests. The death penalty was introduced after the 9/11 terrorist attacks.
Morgan-Smith was available on a free transfer after he was released by the Latics. The 26-year-old made only four starts for the League One club this season. Morgan-Smith has previously had spells with Stockport County, Luton, Macclesfield and Kidderminster.
The group trotted through the streets after escaping from a local ranch. The animals were apparently upset by the sale of some of their stable-mates. A raccoon climbed a crane in Toronto and a lorry full of honeybees overturned in Washington state. And all this as the internet recovers from the great llama escape of 2015.
The men were trying to descend a cliff in fading light on Thursday. A coastguard helicopter from Stornoway airlifted them to Broadford on Skye. They were uninjured and did not need medical treatment, police said. The Maritime and Coastguard Agency said it had been a tricky operation.
Dundee West MP Chris Law was questioned by police in September. He was questioned in relation to his Spirit of Independence referendum campaign. The campaign saw him raise grassroots funding to travel across Scotland in a Green Goddess fire engine that had been painted in the colours of the saltire. Crown Office confirmed that no further action would be taken.
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb spoke after the final televised debate. Labour's Owen Smith clashed with Plaid's Leanne Wood. Mr Smith challenged Ms Wood about whether she would vote down an Ed Miliband minority government. The Plaid leader responded by accusing Labour of taking Wales for granted over many decades.
Reading for pleasure is associated with enjoyment, relaxation and escapism. A recent study quoted - of 4,000 UK adults - says reading for pleasure can help them enjoy social occasions more. It can also boost children's emotional understanding, the research adds. The report concluded that: "Reading is closely linked to increasing understanding of our own identities"
Silverstone says it cannot afford to host the race after 2019 unless a new deal is agreed. BRDC had a contract until 2027 but it contained a break clause to end the deal after 2019. Silverstone sought to reach a compromise agreement with F1's new owners Liberty Media but these talks failed.
Porthcawl, in Bridgend county, had the second highest number of launches for Wales in 2015. The location is also notorious for crashing waves that can risk sweeping people out to sea. The camera was supplied by Swansea-based PC-1 and Axis Communications.
United Airlines gives maximum reward of a million flight miles, worth dozens of trips, to two people. Security expert says scheme is a big step forward for online security. Big technology companies such as Yahoo, Google and Facebook offer hackers cash incentives to report bugs privately. Some critics of bug bounties say they can discourage companies from hiring professional security staff.
Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick as Ross County drew 3-3 with Inverness. The hosts were reduced to 10 men when full-back Kevin McNaughton went off with a knee injury. Ross Draper and Jake Mulraney came close for the hosts.
Researchers at the University of Sussex put heart monitors on horses and showed them pictures of faces to see how they reacted to different emotions. They found that the angry faces made the horses' heart rates speed up quicker than the happy faces.Amy Smith, one of the researchers, explains more.
North Wales Police said 60 arrests were made from breath tests. Det Ch Con Gareth Pritchard warned motorists not to be tempted to drink and drive. Officers will continue to carry out breath tests across north Wales as part of our campaign to reduce deaths on the roads, he said.
The assault took place at North High Street, Musselburgh, on Saturday. Victims were taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, where they were treated for minor injuries. Police Scotland described the attack as "vicious" and appealed to anyone who may have information about the incident to come forward.
Diego Simeone's side surrendered a 15-game unbeaten run as the Brazilian fired home an 88th-minute volley. A draw would have seen Atletico climb above Barcelona to the summit going into the 10-day winter break. But they had to hold on after losing skipper Gabi Fernandez to two yellows cards in the space of five minutes early in the second half.
Tottenham Hotspur beat Aston Villa 2-0 in the FA Cup third round. Son Heung-min and Ben Davies scored the goals for Mauricio Pochettino's side. Villa mustered just one shot on target and are now seven points off the play-off places.
Royal Sun Alliance says it will close its office in Birmingham later this year. The firm has had a presence in the city for more than 30 years. Staff are to be offered redeployment around the UK, a spokesman said. Union Unite called it a "big blow" for the finance sector in Birmingham.
Manchester United have won 50 of a possible 54 points in their last 18 Premier League games. United remain 15 points clear at the top of the table with eight games left. Ferguson will make changes for Monday's FA Cup quarter-final replay at Chelsea after seeing Rafael and Anderson suffer injuries at Sunderland.
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething has announced that during the research period "those for whom the drug is clinically appropriate can access it" An independent HIV expert group had already called the drug "highly effective" when used with the right groups and in the right doses. One estimate is it might cost Â£2.5m a year in Wales.
Darya Klishina, 25, had been cleared to compete in her first Olympics. Court of Arbitration for Sport overturns IAAF's decision to revoke her eligibility. The long-jumper's drugs-testing record was established in the U.S. rather than Russia.
The Welsh Economy Research report showed 79% of direct spend was retained in Wales, and associations built nearly 2,000 affordable homes. This was an increase of 4% on the previous year. The annual report, commissioned by Community Housing Cymru, looked at the impact of social housing in Wales.
TfL said it is "operationally ready" for the Night Tube and extra staff are now working across the network. The planned September start date was pushed back until 2016, because TfL and unions were unable to reach an agreement on staffing arrangements. Unions took industrial action during the summer having called for increased pay and a limit on how many all-night shifts their members would be asked to do.
The fire broke out at Alexandra Docks in South Wales on Monday. It came after 20,000 tonnes of wood caught alight on 5 December. The fire was eventually brought under control at about 17:30 GMT. Six crews remain at the scene damping down the blaze.
Tory MP says there is a need for a new body to deal with the issue of child abuse. He says the current system is not working and needs to be changed. The new body should be able to make decisions about child abuse, he says. The next step is to find a new name for the body, he adds.
Daily Politics is on BBC2 from 1200-1300 on weekdays and BBC1 from 1100-1215 on Sunday. Follow us on twitter or 'like' us on Facebook where we look forward to your comments. Here are some of the clips from our interviews, with films from our reporting team.
Ucas chief Mary Curnock Cook: "There has been significant growth in demand from black pupils" Ucas says the Chinese figure is based on about 2,000 youngsters, compared with about 500,000 white youngsters. White teenagers are the least likely to apply, with 29% seeking places, according to Ucas.
Kieren Moss crossed twice to give the hosts an early lead at Craven Park. Ben Heaton scored the first of his four tries for the visitors. Matty Marsh went over for the Robins but Heaton then scored three unanswered scores put Halifax 22-14 up. George Lawler's converted try made it a two-point game. Nick Scruton touched down six minutes from time to deny Fax a famous win.
Charlie Jermyn died of sepsis 30 hours after he was born in his parents' toilet in Penryn, Cornwall. He had shown signs of illness but was not sent to hospital for treatment. Microbiologist Dr James Gray said Charlie would have survived if he had been in hospital for more than 15 hours before he died.
Naomi Gwynne wrote to South Lanarkshire Council after finding her brother Isaac was unable to use the swings. Both children are autistic and Isaac is visually impaired by a brain tumour and has severe learning difficulties, so he cannot hold on to a normal swing. The council said it had found a new seat it was hoping to install soon.
Police are investigating events linked to the funeral and wake of the mother of INLA man Patsy O'Hara. Unionist politicians criticised the paramilitary display at the funeral in Londonderry on Saturday. But Edel Kelly said it was what her grandmother wanted. She also criticised deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness.
Scottish Athletics, which runs the initiative, said it was shocked by the decision. Scottish government said £50,000 had been provided last year to help JogScotland become more sustainable. Scheme has been in place since 2002 and has evolved into a network of over 300 clubs with about 40,000 members.
Alliance MP Naomi Long has been the target of death threats since the Belfast council Union Flag dispute. Gavin Robinson, a namesake but not a relation of the DUP leader, has high hopes of winning East Belfast back for unionism. The Slugger O'Toole debate wasn't quite the thriller some might have hoped for.
PC Gillian Weatherley was dismissed for "gross misconduct", Scotland Yard said. She was sacked for leaking information about the 2012 argument between police officers and MP Andrew Mitchell. Mr Mitchell was accused of calling officers plebs during the argument at the gates of Downing Street. The Conservative MP resigned as chief whip in the wake of the controversy.
It is understood Arterton would be in line to play the lead role of Rita. Producers Stage Entertainment said they would "very much love her to be part of the production" It has not yet been announced which London theatre the musical will be staged at. Made in Dagenham told the story of machinists who went on strike in 1968.
England were 80-5 in their second innings against India in Visakhapatnam. The tourists gave away a 200-run lead in the second innings. It ultimately comes down to a batsman's state of mind. England came from behind to win the series in India four years ago.
Charles Raine, 66, known as Neville, and his nephew Philip, 47, were sentenced to three years in prison. Pair, from County Durham, were last month found guilty by a jury at Teesside Crown Court of conspiracy to use criminal property. Police investigating missing ewes organised identity parades to reunite them with their rightful owners.
Vladimir Putin says there will be "no discussions" about Crimea. Crimea was seized by Kremlin-backed forces in 2014, leading to sanctions from the EU and US. The EU is expected to renew sanctions in a matter of weeks. Mr Putin also said that Russia would be forced to respond to US moves in Europe.
Wiggins was permitted to take a banned substance before major races. Details of his therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs) were made public. UK Anti-Doping officials are looking at allegations of wrongdoing at Team Sky. Brailsford: "I'm not proud of the way I dealt with this"
Culture and arts critic Mr Tsilikin, 54, was found with multiple knife wounds. His mobile phone and computer are missing and police have opened a murder inquiry. He was a graduate of the Leningrad State Institute of Music and Cinema. He turned to journalism after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
Pan Am Flight 73 was hijacked by Palestinian militants on 5 September 1986. 22 people were killed and about 150 injured. The surviving crew have until now remained silent. This is the first time they have shared details with the media. They want to honour and acknowledge the vital roles played by all on board.
Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary said some forces are "downgrading" 999 calls, in order to justify responding to them more slowly. Inspectors said there are now too few detectives and in some areas an erosion of neighbourhood policing. HMIC has urged police chiefs to come up with a plan by the summer to attract, recruit and train more detectives.
The 20-year-old Slovak has yet to play for Fulham's first team. He made 17 appearances in the National League on loan at Welling last term. Rodak will go straight into Accrington's squad for their League Two fixture against Cheltenham on Saturday.
The benchmark FTSE 100 share index was down 91.22 points, or 1.31%, at 6859.24. National Grid and WPP shed 5.08% and 3.46% respectively after ending dividend payments to shareholders. Moneysupermarket and Zoopla fell 9.9% and 5.32% on fears of a competition probe.
Rehtaeh Parsons, 17, was severely bullied over a photo of her alleged rape by four boys. She was taken off life support after a suicide attempt in April. The 18-year-olds, who will not be named, appeared briefly at the hearing in Halifax, Nova Scotia.
The 18-year-old broke the tibia and fibula in his left leg in November. Bevan was part of the first British team to claim a World Championships medal. He won bronze in the pommel horse at the 2015 European Games in Baku. He had hoped to continue that progress at the Olympics in Brazil.
The incident occurred on the A9 north of Berriedale in Caithness. Several other people received minor injuries in the crash. The road was closed and diversions were put in place via the A897 Helmsdale to Melvich road. Police Scotland said inquiries into the incident were ongoing.
David Skeen, 51, was last seen going for a run in Talgarth, near Brecon. Firefighters, police and more than 45 mountain rescue volunteers had been out searching for Mr Skeen. A drone was used during the day to follow up any lines of inquiry.
West Ham keeper Adrian made three good saves from John Terry, Samuel Eto'o and Frank Lampard. The Hammers have now kept 10 Premier League clean sheets this season. Chelsea boss Jose Mourinho said: "This is not the best league in the world, this is football from the 19th Century" Hammers boss Sam Allardyce hit back at Mourinho's comments.
Violence in Syria has intensified in recent days, despite the ceasefire. At least 20 civilians were reportedly killed on Wednesday in government strikes on a hospital and nearby residential building in eastern Aleppo. The dead included children, a dentist and the only paediatrician left in rebel-held areas of the city.
Roedd y Farwnes Eluned Morgan, AC dros Ganolbarth a Gorllewin Cymru, yn siarad wedi i Nicola Sturgeon gadarnhau y byddai'n ceisio am ail refferendwm ar annibyniaeth i'r Alban.
Wales wing North, 24, is one of four Lions making their first appearances of the tour. Northampton Saints player sat out the opening two matches along with centre Jonathan Davies, scrum-half Conor Murray and flanker Sean O'Brien. Lions face in-form Super Rugby side Crusaders on Saturday.
Roads around Matilda Street were sealed off at about 10:30 BST. Traffic was diverted as police liaised with a military bomb disposal team. It was the fourth time in a week a device - believed to be a World War Two munition - had been found in the city.
We Were There was written by Leicester singer Bob Wragg for the 1982 World Cup finals in Spain. The recording features many of the winning side including Bobby Moore, Geoff Hurst and Martin Peters. Mr Wragg, 82, said its original release was deemed "inappropriate" following the outbreak of the Falklands War.
Shyamal Kanti Bhakta, who is a Hindu, was made to hold his ears while performing squats, before being beaten. Many Bangladeshis were angered by his treatment, posting photos of themselves holding their ears in solidarity. The government said the sacking was illegal and dismissed the school board.
Department of Environment cuts £200,000 from its own budget. It is understood a number of high profile organisations are badly affected. Northern Ireland Environment Link's funding has been cut from £200k to £50k. Ulster Wildlife Trust says their annual grant of £220k is being totally cut.
The BBC's Vikas Pandey profiles five Indian restaurants with a signature dish. Giri Manjas serves 200-300 portions of fried fish every day from 11am to 9pm. Alamgir Mujeeb Ahmed claims his father invented the famous dish in 1963. The samosa, a savoury pastry, is one of the most popular street snacks.
Equiniti secured the deal though the government's G-Cloud procurement framework. The platform will initially be used in Glasgow and then rolled out to the six other Passport Office locations throughout the UK. The company employs 300 people in Northern Ireland and is based in Glasgow.
Perry Cohen and Austin Stephanos, both 14, were last seen on Friday afternoon buying $110 worth of fuel near Jupiter, Florida. Their capsized boat was found on Sunday morning more than 180 miles from where they set off two days before. US Coast Guard expanded its search on Tuesday morning, searching up to Georgia and down to Cape Canaveral in Florida through the day and night.
Abigail is the first storm to be given a name by the Met Office. The storm will hit Northern Ireland with strong winds on Thursday afternoon. It will then move towards the west coast of Scotland and northern England on Friday. Several schools have already shut in the Western Isles in Scotland.
The Parades Commission ruled last week that a return parade should not be held. It is the second year in a row that such a ruling has been made. A court challenge to the ruling is due to be heard in Belfast on Friday. Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers will meet unionist and Orange Order leaders.
Bristol Sport Ltd wants to replace two stands to increase capacity. The plan is an alternative to proposals to build a new stadium at nearby Ashton Vale, which has been delayed by an application for a town green. The work was approved by Bristol City Council in November.
In Corby they came fourth behind the UK Independence Party and lost their deposit. Their candidate, Jill Hope, admitted it was a setback but put it down to the "hard and unpopular decisions" the coalition government had been forced to make. They did come second in the Manchester Central by-election, but their candidate Marc Ramsbottom saw a 17% swing.
The Spaniard was sacked on Thursday with Everton 12th in the Premier League. Everton reached the semi-final of both the FA Cup and League Cup this season. But they have only won five home league games and will finish with their lowest points tally at Goodison Park since the introduction of three points for a win in 1981.
Welshman Compton, 27, joins on a one-year deal after leaving Yeovil Town. Compton started his career with Portsmouth and joined the south coast club again for a short spell in 2012. Jamie Turley, Scot Bennett, Mark Randall, Joss Labadie Jennison Myrie-Williams and James Bittner also signed.
"Wales: The Road to the Euros" is on the BBC iPlayer until Wednesday, 8 June. The documentary is a very special documentary on the history of Welsh football. It will feature interviews with former Wales internationals such as Chris Waddle and Gary Lineker.
Couples have been decorating the Ponte Milvio bridge on the river Tiber with locks for several years. They are meant to symbolise the locking of hearts, inspired by a story described in a novel. The city council said rust from the locks, which hang off chains, is harming the fabric of the bridge.
Sukhjit Singh, from Derby, was found dead in his bed while on holiday in Uttar Pradesh. His wife Ramandeep Kaur Mann is facing charges of plotting the killing with his childhood friend Gurpeet Singh. Police claimed the pair are lovers but her family has denied the charges and said it is launching a legal battle.
Garry Ringrose has been compared to former Ireland captain Brian O'Driscoll. The 22-year-old made his senior Ireland debut against Canada last November. He then scored his first international try in the exciting 27-24 win over Australia. Ringrose played his school rugby for Blackrock College in Dublin.
The star whisked through 23 songs in 90 minutes, in a blur of pyrotechnics, lasers and multiple costume changes. She donned silken butterfly wings for a piano-led version of...Baby One More Time, and dressed as a ringmaster during a Circus-themed segment. But without the elaborate set pieces of her Vegas production, Spears' shortcomings were left exposed.
Glenurquhart beat Lochaber 2-0 to escape the relegation play off place. Kilmallie's 5-1 victory at Ballachulish means that they trail leaders Glasgow Mid Argyll only on goals scored. Inveraray beat hosts Taynuilt 3-2 in the Camanachd Cup.
The video was posted in 2012 after Hogan, whose given name is Terry Bollea, was secretly recorded having sex with his friend's wife. On Friday, the Florida jury ruled Gawker had violated Hogan's right to privacy, awarding him $115m. But jurors decided on the additional measure as a punishment for the company and a deterrent to others.
Mr Eastwood is challenging current leader Alasdair McDonnell. Party activists will vote next month at the annual SDLP conference in Armagh. Earlier this year, Mr Mallon called on Dr McDonnell to step down as leader. Dr McDonnell said Mr Eastwood was "entitled to his opinion"
In less than a year two Malaysian aircraft have been lost, with 537 people on board. The AirAsia accident - en route to Singapore in December - killed 162. 2014 was narrowly the safest year ever, with one fatal accident per 2.38 million flights, compared to every 1.91 million flights the year before.
La Gommeuse sold for $67.5m (£45m) as part of Sotheby's Impressionist & Modern Art sale. Van Gogh's Paysage sous un ciel mouvemente sold for £36m (£36m) Total of $306.7m (£203m) sold, beating pre-sale estimate of $275m (£182m) Two of the top 10 lots were bought by Asian private collectors.
Drug companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them find new drugs. AI and human beings working together in so-called "centaur teams" can help identify candidate molecules in a quarter of the usual time. GSK has recently signed a Â£33m deal with Exscientia, an AI-based drug discovery firm.
Wales lost 2-0 to Portugal in their World Cup 2014 quarter-final. Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for Portugal in the first half. Gareth Bale failed to make an impact in the second half. Sam Vokes came on as a second-half substitute but was ineffective.
Jane Bell, from Galashiels in the Scottish Borders, got into difficulty. She was swimming in the Dalmeny Hotel's main pool with no flotation devices. Staff had received no emergency response training, the inquest heard. Former lifeguard and hotel guest Carole Greenwood dived in and brought her onto poolside.
The incident happened in Lora village, 80km (50 miles) south of Abbottabad. Mohammad Miskin became angry after animals he was looking after strayed on to his land. He tied the boy to the donkey and beat it to make it run faster, witnesses said.
Panthers face Fife in Saturday's second semi-final, hosted in their home city. Nottingham finished fifth in the table and beat Cardiff to win the Challenge Cup in March. The National Ice Centre again hosts the four-game series, in which fans from across all 10 top-flight sides descend on the city.
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board has shut the mental health wards. A number of cases have been confirmed in the community, including in care homes. The dominant strain circulating is influenza A (H3), which particularly affects the elderly. Dr Tom Porter urged anyone eligible to get a free flu vaccine to reduce risk.
Real Madrid have been asked for documents relating to transfers over the last five years. Club director Emilio Butragueno said the club was "absolutely calm" about its behaviour. Barcelona were handed a transfer ban until 2016 after signing 10 players under the age of 18 in 2013.
The 33-year-old Celtic playmaker lasted the full game as the Championship leaders drew 1-1 at Morton. Commons' deal at Easter Road expires on 15 January and he would not be drawn on the possibility of extending his stay. "I've got no plans for January or the end of the season. I'm not looking that far," he said.
Sharnford Traffic Action Group (STAG) has campaigned against dangerous driving for more than 10 years. The county council has offered to install speed bumps on Aston Lane at a cost of Â£12,000. More than 13,000 motorists drove above 50mph in a 30mph zone in the past year and about 562,000 since November 2015.
EDF, 85% controlled by the French state, has struggled to find the cash for its 66.5% stake in the project. In April it pushed a final decision on the £18bn plant back to September. Tough market conditions mean EDF is cutting costs and planning to sell €10bn in assets by 2020.
O'Sullivan has not played in a competitive match since the World Championship quarter-finals in April. The 39-year-old Englishman has not entered next week's UK Snooker Championship. O'Sullivan also opted not to defend his title at last week's Champion of Champions in Coventry.
The Six Nations is the world's biggest rugby union tournament. It is contested by England, Ireland, Scotland, France and Italy. This year's tournament saw an average audience of 4.7 million. The tournament runs until the end of the year, with a new deal in place until 2017.
Liverpool beat AFC Wimbledon 2-1 in the FA Cup third round on Monday night. Steven Gerrard scored both goals in the victory at Cherry Red Records Stadium. The 34-year-old has decided to leave the club at the end of the season. Jamie Carragher and Alan Shearer among those to criticise the decision.
The Northern Ireland Police Service is to set up a new body to deal with the legacy of the Troubles. The body will be responsible for dealing with the remains of those who died during the conflict. It is expected to be in place by the end of the year.
Secession is banned under Spain's constitution and the prime minister has accused campaigners of trying to "liquidate" the nation. But there is a growing demand in Madrid for the government to engage with Catalan leaders. Catalonia, which makes up 16% of Spain's population, accounts for almost 19% of Spanish GDP.
Wisley Property Investments is hoping to build homes, shops, a school, health centre and sports pitch on the former Wisley Airfield site. A decision was expected by 24 December but Guildford councillor Tony Rooth said more information was needed. Guildford greenbelt councillor Susan Parker fears the delay will play into the developer's hands.
Foyle and Lagan Search and Recue are among 67 charities to benefit from the Department of Transport scheme. The grants were awarded from a funding pot of £5m being delivered across the UK over a five year period. The Belfast based organisation is to receive a total of £31,590.
The city was brought to a standstill on 15 December last year when a gunman held 18 hostages for 17 hours. Family members of victims Tori Johnson and Katrina Dawson were in attendance. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull gave an address saying a "whole nation resolved to answer hatred with love"
Nick Gargan, 48, found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct by an independent panel. Details can not yet be made public about what the panel ruled Mr Gargan had done. He is returning to work but not yet in Avon and Somerset, the PCC said.
Fifa do not allow any nations to have political, religious or commercial messages on shirts. England and Scotland's players will wear armbands with poppies on Armistice Day. The Football Association of Wales has also written to Fifa requesting permission to wear poppie on armband during their game against Serbia.
Thirteen people, including civilians, were on board the Mi-17V-5 helicopter. One of them was a four-year-old child. The weather in southern Venezuela, where the helicopter crashed, is currently cloudy and stormy with heavy rain. Reports on Friday had indicated that search teams found survivors six days after the aircraft crashed.
The 39-year-old was last seen at her home in Tranmere on 18 October. Her body was discovered on land bordering Poole Lane and Old Court House Lane. Police have not yet released a motive for the death of the mother-of-one. A man, 41, was previously arrested on suspicion of murder and released on bail.
Somerset were bowled out for 256 in their first innings. The hosts were reduced to 30-3 in their second over of the day. England won the toss and chose to bat first in the second innings. They won by eight wickets with nine wickets in hand.
St James' Park and West Ham United's ground were raided in April by HM Revenue and Customs as part of a National Insurance fraud investigation. Newcastle's managing director Lee Charnley was among several men arrested and later released without charge. High Court judge Mr Justice Supperstone imposed the ban after lawyers for Newcastle United applied for a judicial review against HMRC.
Belfast City Council has agreed to write to the secretary of state, MLAs and MPs. Principal of Good Shepherd Primary School in Dunmurry said they did not know where else to turn. They said they could not impose the cuts "without seriously compromising their children's education"
The 27-year-old was released by York in January after making 18 appearances. The former Scunthorpe, Sheffield Wednesday and Preston player worked with Blackpool manager Gary Bowyer as a trainee at Blackburn. "There are some good players, and some good signings have been made this summer," he told the club website.
Bath & North East Somerset Council said it had received 6,818 valid signatures. A further 2,789 signatures were ruled to be invalid. If successful, a directly elected mayor would replace the current mayor. Localism Act 2011 allowed central government to trigger referendums for elected mayors.
Anthony Kevin Morais went missing on 4 September after leaving his house. Police said they had arrested seven suspects in the case, one of whom led them to the body early on Wednesday. One of the suspects was involved in a corruption case prosecuted by Mr Morais recently.
Annie Besala Ekofo and Bervil Kalikaka-Ekofo were found dead in East Finchley. Four other people, including a child, were also at the property at the time. Scotland Yard said officers will explore whether anyone else linked to their address could have been a target.
England beat Japan 2-0 to top their World Cup group. Ellen White and Rachel Yankey scored the goals. England now face France in Leverkusen on Saturday. England coach Roy Hodgson pleased with his side's performance in Group D. CLICK HERE for all the latest World Cup 2014 news.
The parade marks the end of the Siege of Derry in 1689. It is one of the biggest parades held in Northern Ireland. Thousands of supporters from across the UK turned out to watch the parade. A thanksgiving service was then held at St. Columb's Cathedral.
The 23-year-old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the Wolves. He could make his debut for Super League's bottom side in Friday's trip to Hull FC. Jordan Tansey has returned to Wakefield, the club's managing director Richard Thewlis said.
US officials say retired Gen John Allen will be tasked with forming an international coalition to fight IS. 10 Arab countries agreed to help the US attack the group in both Iraq and Syria. US Secretary of State John Kerry is visiting Turkey on Friday to try to secure more co-operation from the government.
The tipple is based on a 16th century Welsh drink called metheglin. Researchers tested more than 50 different plants extracts and hops against a range of bacteria. The idea was sparked by Scandinavian scientists who are trying to develop mead which could help in the battle against antibiotic resistance.
Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK not to levy a charge on homes. The European Commission has opened a so-called "pilot case" to look at the issue. Stormont officials have refused to give any details citing confidentiality. The two sides get about 20 weeks to try and sort out their differences.
Company Sgt Maj Nelson Carter died in the Battle of the Boar's Head in 1916. He was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross for his bravery. A paving stone was unveiled in Eastbourne Pavilion Gardens and at the war memorial in Hailsham High Street. His daughter and wife accepted the Victoria Cross on his behalf.
Prof Simon Wessely, said he was "genuinely surprised and incredibly honoured" by the award. He now heads the department of psychological medicine at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College, London. Respiratory health expert Prof John Britton and Caroline Shaw, chief executive of Manchester's specialist cancer hospital, The Christie are among those made CBEs.
The 30-year-old made 219 appearances for the Cherries between 2006 and 2011. He left the club in the summer, having turned down a new contract. He will be in Steve Davis' squad for Saturday's League Two trip to Newport County. Click here for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
More than 32 million Colombians were eligible to vote in the first round. The vote was to decide the winner of the peace talks with the Farc. The main disagreement seems to be on how to end a five-decade long conflict. The results are expected to be announced shortly after polls close.
Dawn Purvis has been director of the clinic since it was launched in 2012. It is the first private clinic to offer early medical abortions to women in Northern Ireland under strict legal controls. Ms Purvis said it was "time to move on" and will take on a new role on the clinic's Northern Ireland advisory board.
The 29-year-old world number 21 took the first game 12-10 after an impressive trick-shot between his legs. Egypt's 2014 US Open winner edged the second and third games 11-9 and 12- 10 before winning the fourth 11-5. Simpson had beaten Egypt's Karim Ali Fathi in the opening round.
St Johnstone beat Hamilton 3-0 in their Scottish Premiership clash. Ali Crawford missed a golden opportunity to give St Johnstone the lead. Hamilton defender Dan Seaborne appeared to handle the ball twice. But no penalty was given, and St Johnston went on to win.
Janet Muller, 21, was found by fire crews in a Volkswagen Jetta in Ifield, West Sussex, on Friday. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, is due to appear at Guildford Magistrates' Court on Thursday. The cause of Miss Muller's death was smoke inhalation.
At one point in his final round of 67, Ramsay looked like he might take his challenge to the wire. Not enough putts dropped on the back nine and he had to settle for the consolation prize of a slot in The Open. Ramsay has won three times on tour, the most recent of them being the Trophee Hassan in March last year.
Tries from Dan Leavy and Luke McGrath put the hosts 14-7 ahead at half-time. Visitors fought back to lead 21-17 after counter-attacking scores from Williams and Sion Bennett. But Ross Molony plunged over from close to give Leinster a seventh successive league win. Leo Cullen's men are six points clear at the Pro12 summit.
Ministers have set out plans for an "ambitious new customs arrangement" with the EU after the UK leaves. This could include a "temporary customs union" after March 2019 to prevent border problems during the process. But the first minister said the UK "should commit to staying in the single market and customs union, period"
The 24-hour service was originally scheduled for September. It was delayed over a dispute over pay and conditions. But Mr Johnson said the service will be introduced by the end of the year. He said: "I think we should just get on with it. We've done without it for 150 years"
Healthcare Improvement Scotland said several senior charge nurses and clinical service managers across three wards raised issues during an inspection visit. NHS Grampian was asked to supply an improvement action plan. Senior inspector Ian Smith said the action plan had given "assurance" and said he would follow up on future inspections.
UN report accuses both sides of atrocities, especially during the final stages of the war in 2009. Sri Lanka promised a local inquiry but will not allow the proposed court, which would have foreign judges. Cabinet spokesman says ex-President Rajapaksa and his family would not necessarily be protected if there were allegations of serious crimes against them.
The 35-year-old threw a new F51 European record of 17.68m. It beat the previous best of 15.83 set by Ireland's Catherine O'Neill in 2001. Butterfield was left paralysed by a tumour on her spinal cord in 2011.
The White Paper lays out 12 "principles" including migration control, free trade and "taking control of our own laws" MP Glyn Davies asked Mr Davis for assurances that Welsh interests would be considered. Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood dismissed the White Paper as a "whitewash of the demands of Wales"
Researchers looked at 1,500 samples of seven malaria drugs from seven countries in South East Asia. Data from 21 countries in sub-Saharan Africa including over 2,500 drug samples showed similar results. No large studies of drug quality have been carried out in China or India - countries that house a third of the world's population.
The glutinous dish is a part of many people's celebration of New Year. 18 people were taken to hospital in Tokyo after suffocating on the snack. The fire department is advising people to cut mochi into small pieces before consuming. Several people die each year in Japan after choking on rice cakes.
The Bright Tribe Trust said it was working to tackle known issues. The academy was hit by a strike by the NASUWT on 10 January. The school, which caters for 620 pupils, was rated inadequate by Ofsted inspectors last October and placed in special measures after being told it must improve its leadership.
The lawsuit cites the US constitution's emoluments clause, which says no federal official should receive a gift or a fee from a foreign government. The suit claims Mr Trump is "flagrantly violating the constitution", Washington DC's attorney general said. The lawsuit will ask for a court injunction blocking Mr Trump from accepting foreign money.
The base in Aston, Birmingham was largely paid for by a £30,000 donation. Last year West Midlands Police spent £800,000 of POCA cash on projects. The money is mainly used to fund community crime prevention projects and comes from money convicted criminals have been ordered to pay back.
Wrockwardine Wood and Sutherland academies put in special measures. Inspectors criticised teaching and leadership at the Phoenix Academy and Lakeside Academy following visits in February. Both schools are run by the Telford Co-operative Multi-Academy Trust. Ofsted criticised the trust's lack of support to the schools.
Kelly Mahon, 41, admitted one charge of kidnap at Shrewsbury Crown Court. The infant was reported missing from his home on 24 February. He was found safe and well the same day. Judge Robin Onions told the defendant she was likely to receive a custodial sentence "of some length"
Rangers have signed Leeds defender Zaliukas from Elland Road. The 30-year-old played more than 200 times for Hearts over seven years. Rangers have also signed former St Mirren defender Darren McGregor. The Ibrox outfit's first Scottish Championship fixture is against Hearts on 10 August.
Theresa May says she likes Doctor Who and a nice Agatha Christie. The PM also said she enjoys Strictly Come Dancing, but wouldn't take part. She'll have a drink with friends before helping churches in her Berkshire constituency. Her father was a vicar so she had to wait for his services to finish.
The trade in live cattle between Australia and China could be worth up to $A2bn ($1.5bn, Â£950m) each year. Australia will be the first country to export feeder and slaughter cattle to China. This comes after Indonesia slashed live cattle imports from Australia.
Corrie Mckeague, 23, based at RAF Honington in Suffolk, vanished after a night out in the town 11 days ago. Three young people aged between 16 and 18 were seen at Short Brackland at 04:20 BST on 24 September. They could be "potential witnesses", Suffolk Police said.
Schweinsteiger will miss games against Bournemouth, Norwich and Stoke. Referee Mark Clattenburg spoke to both players after the incident, but did not mention it in his post-match report. Panel of three former elite referees reviewed the video footage independently of one another and unanimously decided it was a sending-off offence.
Cameroon's Ekeng died aged 26 of a suspected heart attack. Dinamo face CFR Cluj in the postponed final on 17 May. If Dinamo win, the trophy will be sent to Cameroon, says sporting director Ionel Danciulescu. Two days later Cameroon women's goalkeeper Jeanine Christelle Djomnang died.
Bo Xilai's defiant statements on first day of bribery trial ignored by mainland media. Beijing-backed newspapers praise the trial as a sign of the Communist Party's resolve to stamp out corruption. Independent Hong Kong press feel the trial ended up becoming the disgraced politician's "individual show"
Hodnet Parish Council has suggested Brian Wood takes a companion with him, to help pick it up. But Mr Wood said that would affect his independence. He said: 'I don't want a companion. I want to be able to pick up my own things'
Guernsey's States accounts do not show what is spent on advertising. The total cost for advertising was just over £1.1million. Nearly £800,000 of the advertising cost was for States recruitment and advertising. Some residents said this was a "waste of money" and the States would need to "measure its effectiveness"
Bryony took silver place with a score of 56.040, just behind Canada's Rosie MacLennan. The 25-year-old said that she hadn't expected to win a medal at all, but her performance in the final had been the best she'd done all year.
Mr Smith will be battling Angela Eagle for the anti-Corbyn vote. Mr Smith said he was against the Iraq invasion and would have voted against. He said he would not vote to hold Tony Blair in contempt of parliament. Some MPs have suggested either Ms Eagle or Mr Smith should withdraw.
Father Benedict Seed, 83, denies the charges, which include striking pupils aged between 11 and 18 with a cane and a spiked golf shoe. He is also charged with pulling a boy from his bed and hitting him on the body with a hockey stick. He denies all the charges and will face trial in Inverness in May.
Malala Yousafzai was attacked by Taliban gunmen on a school bus in October. She was treated at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham and now lives in the city. The 16-year-old will place her copy of The Alchemist by Paolo Coelho in the library.
Alexander Protopopov was acting deputy chief of Russia's prison service. He oversaw the dismantling of a road in the far-northern Komi region. He then sold off its 7,000 reinforced concrete slabs for personal profit. Officials believe the scheme cost the government $79,000; Â£54,000.
The council backed a French-drafted resolution to send up to 228 police for an initial period of a year. More than 400 people have been killed in unrest since President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term in office last April. The government of Burundi earlier warned it would agree to no more than 50 UN police officers.
Alwyn Pritchard, 53, was riding his motorbike when he was struck by an Audi. Paul Wilson, 38, of Rassau, Blaenau Gwent, pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving and other charges. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years and disqualified from driving.
A long clearance from debutant goalkeeper Jonathan Mitchell eluded home defender Shaun Brisley and allowed Marriott to lob keeper Alex Cisak. Brisley was later stretchered off and hospitalised with a head injury after receiving lengthy treatment when injured colliding with Mitchell. Luton boss Nathan Jones: "I'm massively proud in terms of what they gave me today, their endeavour, how they went about their work"
Barker won silver in the women's 25km points race in Hong Kong. The 22-year-old says she was not supported by British Cycling in the build-up to the race. British Cycling has been criticised for a lack of support for its female riders.
The Skydrive car uses drone technology and has three wheels and four rotors. It has a projected top flight speed of 100km/h (62mph), while travelling up to 10m above the ground. Toyota and its group companies have agreed in principle to support the project.
Myrtle Cothill, from South Africa, has been cared for by her daughter in Dorset since coming to the UK in 2014. She had been ordered to fly home on Tuesday but the Home Office has halted proceedings pending a medical report. Lawyer Jan Doerfel said sending her home was against her human rights. More than 84,000 people have signed a petition urging her to stay.
David Cameron was answering a question in the House of Commons from Nigel Dodds. Mr Dodds said legacy funding provided in the Fresh Start deal could help relieve financial pressures on police. He also said no-one should be allowed to rewrite the history of the Troubles. The government has set aside Â£150m for bodies to investigate Troubles-related cases.
The Widnes Viking star was taken to hospital with head injuries. A 32-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of assault and bailed. Tickle joined the club on a three-year contract in 2014 from Hull FC. His career also involved stints with Wigan Warriors and Halifax.
Spencer Powles, 62, died 10 days after the incident on October 24, 2012. He suffered severe injuries to his abdomen when a telehandler lurched forward. Inspectors found staff at Complete Utilities Ltd were not fully trained. The work site was "chaotic and disorganised", inspectors said.
The 29-year-old was on trial with English Championship side Bolton Wanderers last week. He joins Cameroon's Samuel Eto'o at the club, after he signed for them in July. Mbolhi impressed for Algeria at the 2014 World Cup as they reached the second stage.
Ceredigion council plans to auction the site of former Ysgol Dyffryn Teifi. Site has a price tag of between Â£250,000 and Â£300,000. Proceeds will be used to build a new school for three to 19-year-olds.
Lee Gregory could have put the Lions ahead, but shot over from close range. Chris Taylor almost sealed three points for Millwall late on but his defected effort hit the post. Millwall drop to sixth in the table, four points ahead of Barnsley. Colchester remain in 23rd place, still seven points adrift of safety.
Cornish side were safe going into their final game, which they lost 4-0 at relegated Bishop's Stortford. White Tigers let in 99 goals from their 42 league games, more than any other side above the bottom three. Hodges says he will meet chairman Peter Masters this week to discuss plans for next season.
Historic car specialists Fiskens said they placed the car for a "short time" when two traffic wardens approached. The firm said the wardens were "adamant" the 45-year-old vehicle should be given a £120 fine. Kensington and Chelsea Council said it was "issued as it would in any case"
In the first half of this year, there were more than 5,000 road accidents in Tanzania. More than a quarter of them were motorcycle accidents. Trainee doctor Marko Hingi is turning boda boda drivers into first-responders. The drivers have been trained in basic first-aid, such as stopping bleeding.
The blue-chip index closed 0.6%, or 45.4 points, higher at 7,337.8 - the 14th time it has ended higher. Barratt Developments up 3.1% and St James's Place 2.3% higher.ITV shares rose 2.9% after Goldman Sachs named the broadcaster as a possible takeover target.
Women are as likely as men to ask for a pay rise - but less likely to get one. Study by Cass Business School and universities of Warwick and Wisconsin looked at 4,600 workers. It found "no support" for the "reticent female" theory, whereby women avoided asking for more money.
The incident happened on the 20:14 service, between Keith and Elgin. The suspect - believed to be travelling with about seven other men - then got off the train. He was white, about 25, and 6ft tall, wearing a black and white top and sunglasses.
The soldiers are being treated as witnesses and not suspects, police say. The families of the victims have demanded a meeting with the police. They say they are losing faith in the police's ability to see the investigation through. The victims' families want a full written progress report within the next 14 days.
Bu farw'r Corporal Matthew Hatfield o Wiltshire, a'r corporal Darren Neilson o ganlyniad i anafiadau y cawson nhw yn y digwyddiad ar faes Castell Martin ddydd Mercher.
Duminda Silva found guilty with four others of shooting dead Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra and three of his supporters during local elections in Colombo in 2011. The defendants are likely to serve long jail terms because of Sri Lanka's moratorium on executions. Silva sustained gunshot wounds and was flown out of the country, apparently for treatment, after the shooting.
Lawless, 31, was released by Luton Town at the end of last season. He made 203 appearances during a five-and-a-half-year spell with the Hatters. Lawless has also had spells at Torquay United and Forest Green Rovers.
Cardiff's Techniquest was already told it could lose government cash by 2019. But it has now been given more time to make new plans. The centre, which around Â£850,000 annually from ministers, said it needs to find new "revenue streams" A separate charity in Wrexham is also ending over the same period.
The 17-year-old boy flung the door open on a Copa Airlines flight from Panama City to San Francisco. He was confronted by construction staff and held until police arrived to arrest him. Passengers said the boy seemed fidgety and that it was difficult to stop him.
Saima Ahmed, 36, was reported missing from her home in London in August 2015. Her remains were recovered from the grounds of Gogar Mount House in Edinburgh. Five Metropolitan Police officers are now facing a misconduct investigation. Police Scotland have said that, to date, no suspicious circumstances have been discovered.
The group, reported to be three men, two women and four children aged from two to 11, was held at Reyhanli, in Hatay province, near the Syrian border. Their intention in travelling to the region, where areas are controlled by Islamic State (IS) militants or an al-Qaeda affiliate, is not clear.
Petricola died at Sulby Crossroads, becoming the 141st fatality at the races since they began in 1907. The 32-year-old was making his debut at the TT after recovering from a serious accident at last year's North West 200. Organisers passed on "their deepest sympathy to Franck's family and friends"
The two suspects, aged 22 and 20, were detained at Dover Eastern Docks. They are being held under Section 5 of the Terrorism Act 2006. A spokesman for the South East Counter Terrorism Unit said the arrests were not linked to Friday's attacks in Paris, which left 129 people dead.
Young Indian women are holding placards with the slogan "Happy To Bleed" The campaign is in response to sexist remarks made by the head of the Sabarimala temple. Hinduism regards menstruating women as unclean so, during her periods, a woman is not allowed to enter.
Amanda Thompson, of Rochdale, collapsed after eating the strawberry dessert. North Manchester coroner Simon Nelson recorded a verdict of accidental death. Mrs Thompson knew eating eggs, milk or apples would make her seriously ill. She told the hotel's management about her concerns about the dessert.
Aiden Hughes met the girl on a social networking site, while pretending to be a 14-year-old called Matt Smith. They began exchanging emails which soon became sexual. Hughes asked the girl for meetings and later told her he was 20, and not 14 as previously stated, and admitted his name was Aiden.
The Scottish unemployment rate is now 4.9%, down from 4.8% in 2012. The UK rate is at 4.7%, up from 3.9%. The Scottish rate of unemployment is the lowest in the UK since the early 1990s. The figure is down from 5.7% in 2011.
Hull City midfielder Robert Snodgrass ruled out for six months with a knee injury. The 26-year-old suffered the injury in Hull's 1-0 win at QPR on Saturday. Hull boss Steve Bruce said Snod Grass will be missing "for the best part of the season"
Can you identify the genuine F1 drivers from the imposters? Can you identify your Ayrton Sennas from your Michael Schumachers? Do you know your Lewis Hamiltons from your Niki Laudas? Tell us in the comments below.
The woman was attacked in the Seagate area, near Dundee bus station. Officers have issued a description of man they want to speak to. He was in his 20s, about 5ft 10in tall, of slim build, with short, dark, brown hair, a tanned complexion.
Esteban Chaves wins stage two of the Tour de France. Team Sky's Chris Froome loses four seconds to Nairo Quintana. Chaves leads the overall race by five seconds from Tom Dumoulin. Froome finished one second ahead of Alejandro Valverde.
Czech world number 233 edged Estonia's 99th-ranked Kontaveit 6-4 7-6 (8-6) Vondrousova had beaten compatriot and world number 18 Barbora Strycova in the semi-final. Sunday's victory moves her close to the top 100 for the first time.
The boy was taken to a major trauma centre by London's Air Ambulance. A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene of an accident and bailed until February. The car involved in the crash was later found abandoned.
Deaths rates from heart disease between 2004/05 and 2013/14 dropped by 43%. Number of people dying after a stroke also decreased by 41%. Scottish government said the figures showed its strategy for tackling heart disease was working. For patients admitted to hospital with their first heart attack, the chances of surviving at least 30 days have risen from 85% to 92%.
The woman, in her 70s, was pronounced dead at the scene in Wigan. Police have appealed for any witnesses to the incident to come forward. The incident happened in Gerard Street, Ashton-in-Makerfield, at about 14:45 BST. The road was closed for a time while police carried out investigations.
Tennant was the 10th Doctor and Piper played his on-screen companion Rose Tyler in the BBC One show. Filming on the show, which will also star John Hurt, will start next week. The first story of Doctor Who's 2013 run, The Bells of Saint John, was screened on Saturday.
Warning sirens went off just before the rockets hit. The city's airport has been closed and security tightened. Eilat has previously been hit by rockets fired by militants in neighbouring Egypt and Jordan. Most of the rockets were fired from Sinai, which has become increasingly lawless.
The Lucky Country by Donald Horne has gone on to become a cult classic. The book painted a picture of a deeply conservative and unambitious country. The question for many is whether Horne's assessment still applies. Australia is undoubtedly a successful and prosperous one, but there are pockets of extreme poverty.
The first Gulf War brought together the largest military alliance since the World War Two. It was the first time we really heard of "smart bombs" and precision guided munitions. But it also showed the limits of US military might and tested the unity of the international order. The subsequent US-led military interventions in Afghanistan and Iraq were costly enduring campaigns against unconventional armies.
Petrol bombs were thrown at police and water cannon was deployed. Protesters also threw stones and bottles at police lines. Police used water cannon and tear gas to try and disperse crowds. Police also used tear gas and rubber bullets to try to disperse crowds of protesters in central London.
Hook has agreed a three-year contract with Ospreys. The 31-year-old left the Welsh region to join Perpignan in 2011. He made 68 appearances for the French club before joining Gloucester in 2014. Hook has 81 caps for Wales and began his career with Neath.
Chloe Grace Moretz says she was fat-shamed on set by a male co-star. The actress was 15 at the time and the actor was in his 20s. She had to go back on set and pretend he was a love interest. "It just makes you realise that there are some really bad people out there"
Plans for Generation Park have been backed by the University of East Anglia. Power company EON said emissions would be controlled and neither air nor water sources would be affected. The site for the Â£300m scheme would be in the Thorpe Hamlet district close to the city centre.
The 27-year-old Scot is back at number four in the world after dropping down the rankings following back surgery. Murray is to marry girlfriend Kim Sears in April. The pair will probably do the honeymoon later in the year, probably in the off-season.
The final episode of the series will be shown on Sunday at 8.30pm on BBC One. The final episode will be called "The Final Episode" It will be followed by a special episode of "The Amazing Race" on Monday at 10.30am on BBC Two.
Captain James Anderson was in command of the ship which laid a telegraph cable under the Atlantic. He was given the freedom of the burgh after achieving what was something akin to the moon landing of its time. His fellow Doonhamers put on a banquet worthy of such a significant achievement. The menu for the 200 invited guests at the Assembly Rooms was of a quality - and scale - reserved for only the most special occasions.
Darren Grayson has stepped down from the East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust. The trust runs the Conquest Hospital in St Leonards and Eastbourne District General Hospital (EDGH) In March the Care Quality Commission said A&E waiting times were "excessive" Campaigners have called for the resignation of the board of the trust.
The works on Gdynia Way near Plymouth's city centre have been in place since June to widen the road to three lanes. But police said they had seen an increase in the number of collisions on the Maxwell Road, Macadam Road junction. PCC said a new set of temporary traffic lights would be put on the junction.
Russian-language report based on facts that have already appeared in Russian and foreign media since Crimea was annexed in March 2014. Author Ilya Yashin says Russian soldiers and equipment were decisive to securing all major victories claimed by the pro-Russian rebels in Donetsk and Luhansk. Russia has consistently denied accusations that it has sent regular troops and armour to help rebels in eastern Ukraine.
James, 27, has been in and out of prison since he was 18. He's served time in Polmont, Barlinnie and Kilmarnock, as well as Dumfries. While inside, he is a "hall passman" - responsible for cleaning part of prison. Jason, 38, has lost count of the number of times he has been locked up.
Mr Duddy was a key link - from the early 1970s to the early 1990s - between the Provisional IRA Army Council and the Secret Intelligence Service. He even hosted talks in his own living-room involving a top British spy and Martin McGuinness - talks that would ultimately pave the way for peace in Northern Ireland.
Trading Standards officers working with sniffer dogs uncovered the haul. The cigarettes and tobacco would cost an estimated Â£200,00 if bought legally. North East Lincolnshire Council said it was the largest haul since it began a crackdown on illicit products last year.Prior to the latest haul, the team seized nearly 90,000 cigarettes and 181lbs (82.5kg) of tobacco since launching Operation Nightshade.
The sell-out event brought 75,000 people from around the world to see a spectacular fireworks and laser show bring in 2017.Entertainers performing for the crowds included Paolo Nutini, The Charlatans, Fatherson and Be Charlotte. The Edinburgh events are estimated to be worth more than £40m to the Scottish economy.
The 1.8-tonne British bomb was found during construction work. Defusing it is expected to take most of the day. 32,000 households living within a 1.5km (0.9 mile) radius of the site. Schools, sports halls and an exhibition centre will accommodate the evacuees.
Fossil of 245 million-year-old marine reptile found in southern China. It was carrying an embryo that may have been around half a metre long. Discovery pushes back evidence of reproductive biology in the Archosauromorpha by 50 million years. It also points to how the sex of its offspring was determined.
There were more than 2,000 family doctors in September 2014, excluding registrars, retainers and locums working in around 460 practices. Plaid Cymru highlighted a 1% fall in GP numbers from 2013/14, warning a "recruitment crisis is looming" 23% of GPs were aged 55 or over and nearing retirement age.
Those reaching retirement now are better off than any other age group. The worry is that the generations coming up behind them may end up rather less well off. Home ownership rates have collapsed for younger generations over the past 20 years. The generous occupational pensions enjoyed by older people are in significant part being paid for by younger people who will never benefit from them.
The Vector V40R powerboat flipped over and hit a buoy in the Solent in May last year. The teenage son of the driver spent a month in an induced coma after suffering life-threatening injuries. He was saved by the "selfless" actions his father after the crash, said the Marine Accident Investigation Branch.
Roger Hayes, 75, from Holsworthy, Devon and son Andy, 39, from Birmingham, died when their twin-seat plane crashed at Pierre-Buffiere. The plane crashed 20 minutes after taking off from nearby Limoges as they flew to the south of France. The coroner, Elizabeth Earland, recorded a verdict of accidental death.
UK policy in Syria hampered by 'wishful thinking', says Mark Urban. Officials underestimated the staying power of President Bashar al-Assad, he says. More on this story from Mark Urban on BBC Newsnight at 22:30 BST on Friday 2 October, and afterwards on iPlayer.
Prof Hawking's lecture is part of a raft of new BBC Radio 4 programmes. They include Glenda Jackson's return to acting in a drama based on a cycle of 20 novels by French writer Emile Zola. Miles Jupp is to take over as the new host of BBC Radio4's comedy show The News Quiz.
Heads of every state school in West Sussex sent a letter to Downing Street. Warned that they would have to consider cutting school hours or making teachers redundant if they did not receive emergency funding. Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said funding gaps had become a "national scandal"
Most flights coming out of or landing in Chile's main airports were cancelled or delayed. The strike hit Chile in the busy run-up to the Christmas holiday period. The airport workers' union called the strike after the government rejected their request to join the more generous Chilean military pension plan. Their differences have not been solved, but the employees have agreed to resume talks.
Kim Wall, 30, was last seen on Thursday evening on board the vessel with the owner, 46-year-old Peter Madsen. The submarine later sank and Mr Madsen was rescued before being arrested and charged with manslaughter. The stricken vessel, the Nautilus, has been raised but no body has been found.
Citizens Advice says that the bills hit thousands of pounds in some cases. As many as 2.1 million consumers a year receive some sort of catch up bill, at an average of Â£206. Energy suppliers signed a voluntary commitment promising not to back-bill domestic customers for energy used more than 12 months previously.
Ciaran Williamson, eight, was killed when a headstone fell on him in May 2015. Council employee David MacCall told the inquiry in the days after Ciaran's death, between 500 and 900 headstones were laid flat over safety concerns. Another boy was injured by a gravestone there in 2010. Inquiry will try to establish if there were any reasonable precautions that could have prevented the tragedy.
MI6 launches its first ever cinema advert, aimed at attracting different types of candidate. Aim of the advert is to wean the public off this grotesquely misleading stereotype. The advert will run for a month, in cinemas in London, the West Midlands and north west England.
Group like-for-like revenues were up 5%, with turnover at Â£9.7bn. CEO Seb James said they had posted record profits but it was vital the government struck a deal that ensured Britain continued to have preferential access to the European single market. Shares in the group fell more than 2%.
Middlesex have named James Franklin as their full-time One-Day Cup captain. The 36-year-old will link up again with ex-Black Caps team-mate Daniel Vettori. Last season's T20 Blast captain Dawid Malan has been named vice-captain.
Under the deal, Baosteel is to take over its smaller competitor Wuhan Iron and Steel. Both companies are majority-owned by the state. The announcement comes as Beijing tries to overhaul the steel industry. China produced more than 822 million tonnes of steel in 2014 and is expected to produce even more this year.
Arsenal beat Aston Villa 1-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley. BBC pundit Alan Shearer says Arsene Wenger made the right decision to start Theo Walcott up front instead of Olivier Giroud. The Gunners' defensive display was as good as their attacking power, says Shearer.
The two new countries also became independent. This means that they weren't going to be ruled by the British anymore. Watch Finding My Family - Partition: A Newsround special on CBBC at 4:30pm on Tuesday. See www.cbbc.co.uk for more information.
The monitoring of paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland was conducted by the IMC up until 2011. The PSNI has previously said it would support any move to set up such a body. Lord Alderdice said he did not think it would be appropriate for the commission to return now.
Wydad Casablanca can qualify for the semi-finals of Africa's premier club football competition if they beat ASEC Mimosas. Zesco have eight points, Wydad seven, Ahly five and ASEC four in a mini-league where head-to-head records count in the event of a tie.
Sheeran has 16 million Twitter and 5.5 million Instagram followers. He has just completed a world tour of his number one album x. His second album x topped the chart in the UK, Australia and the US. It was nominated for album of the year at the Grammys.
The nine-year-old's family sought redress from NHS England and South Central Ambulance Service. He has severe cerebral palsy, profound learning disabilities, deafness, severe visual impairment and epilepsy. He received treatment at the Royal Berkshire Hospital but it came too late to prevent injury to his brain.
Sevilla become the first team to win the competition three seasons in a row. The defeat means Liverpool will not play any European football next season. Former Liverpool defender Mark Lawrenson was frustrated by the Reds' second-half collapse. He expects a summer of change at Anfield but expects Sturridge and Brazilian duo Roberto Firmino and Philippe Coutinho to stay.
Bihar's secondary school examinations began on Tuesday. More than 1.4 million students are taking the tests. Many students smuggled in textbooks and notes into the examination centres. Parents and friends were photographed scaling the walls of test centres to pass on answers to students during the current secondary school exams.
Australia take a 1-0 lead in the three-match series against the West Indies. The tourists were bowled out for 148 in the second innings at the Bellerive Oval. Australia captain Steve Smith has "no doubt" he will be fit for the second Test in Melbourne starting on 26 December.
The drug ivermectin kills the first larval stage of the parasite - the babies of adult female worms. William C Campbell discovered this by studying bacteria living in soil samples obtained by Satoshi Omura from a Japanese golf course. Chinese scientist Youyou Tu had been focusing her attentions in the 1960s and 70s on finding a new treatment for malaria.
Siemens and Mitsubishi have increased the cash component of their bid by 1.2bn euros. The move comes just a day after rival bidder General Electric sweetened its offer. GE offered to create a joint venture with the firm's nuclear and energy businesses and to sell its rail signalling business to Alstom.
Carberry scored exactly 100 off 121 balls in Hampshire's game against Cardiff MCCU at the Ageas Bowl. The left-handed opener, 36, played six Tests for England. He last appeared for his county in July 2016 before he was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour.
Carmarthenshire council funded chief executive Mark James in his case over remarks made on Jacqui Thompson's blog. Mrs Thompson must pay Mr James damages of £25,000 in instalments. Mr James's lawyers would not say if this had been or would be given to the council.
Trained by Colin Tizzard, the 2-1 favourite took control at the penultimate hurdle and pulled away to win by eight lengths.Reve De Sivola held on for second and Deputy Dan trailed in third, another 12 lengths further back. Jockey Tom Scuadmore said: "He gave me a lot of pleasure. It's a special day."
Birmingham winger David Cotterill's deflected shot was the closest either side came in the first half. Gary Madine's header forced Birmingham goalkeeper David Stockdale into a one-handed save in the latter stages. Harry Redknapp brought new signing Isaac Vassell off the bench for his debut following his arrival from Luton on Monday.
Vincent Janssen scored from the penalty spot after Danny Rose handled. Luciano Narsingh then crossed for the winner 13 minutes from time. Jamie Vardy was England's outstanding performer with a 7. James Milner made his England debut but did not impress.
The Iron have lost three of their last six league games. They are now seven points behind leaders Sheffield United. The Iron host the Cod Army in the Capital One Cup on Saturday. Click here for all the latest from League One and beyond. Back to the page you came from.
Angelo Fusco, 81, has been a keen observer of Italy's games against the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for decades. He was brought up in Belfast, educated in Dublin, and his father had strong links with the Comino Valley. Angelo and his brothers witnessed the infamous 'Battle of Belfast' in December 1957, when Northern Ireland and Italy drew 2-2.
A 58-year-old male passenger in the Peugeot is in a serious but stable condition in hospital. A southbound Volkswagen Crafter Van collided with a Peugeot Partner Van on the A702, near Biggar, at 17:35 on Thursday. Both vehicles suffered extensive damage.
The Confederation of African Football (Caf) are inviting new bidders for the tournament. Countries wishing to host the tournament have until 30 September to express their interest. A decision on Libya's replacement will be made next year. Libya were originally scheduled to hold the Nations Cup in 2013 but because of the civil war swapped with 2017 hosts South Africa.
Thousands lined the side of the streets to cheer on the competitors. We spoke to a young Yorkshire resident Max to see what the atmosphere was like down on the start line. Check out the video below to see how the event unfolded in real-time. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
"I want to be an action hero forever more," says Lily James. The actress says she was inspired by films like The Terminator and Angelina Jolie. The film has been planned since 2009 but there were delays due to changes in the cast and crew. "We've taken Pride and Prejudice and handled it with absolute love and care"
The meeting takes place in Vaasa, Finland from 23-25 June. Mageean's coach Jerry Kiernan told BBC Sport NI that both he and the county Down woman had been informed too late about the offer of a place in the team. "Ciara has already committed to running an 800m in Sligo next Wednesday (21 June)," said Kiernan.
Ross Draper opened the scoring for Inverness in the first half. Kane Hemmings equalised for Dundee in the second half. Dundee boss Paul Hartley says his side could have won the game 5-1. Hughes says he is disappointed with how the goal came about.
Flames were reported in parts of a building on Albert Square. Firework is believed to have caused the fire, which did not lead to serious damage. The blaze was in the first floor and roof space of the building. The show is broadcasting live inserts in all its episodes this week.
Girisha Hosanagara Nagarajegowda won a silver medal in the High Jump F42 class. But questions are being raised about the country's attitude to the disabled. India is not known for being friendly towards the disabled and most public places still lack basic facilities to help them.
John Jackson worked in the Witham-based criminal justice mental health team. Concerns were raised about his internet use in 2013. A Health and Care Professions Council panel heard 40% of his work internet use involved "adult pornographic material" Mr Jackson admitted the findings of the investigation, the panel was told.
Mourinho won the Premier League twice, the FA Cup, the League Cup twice and the Community Shield during his first spell at Chelsea. He has also enjoyed success at Inter Milan and Real Madrid before returning to London. BBC Sport looks at some of Mourinho's best quotes and controversies.
Karl Haugh, 25, was stabbed in a laneway in the Marian estate in the early hours of Sunday. Robbie Walsh, of Island View, Kilrush, was charged with assault causing serious harm to Mr Haugh. Two other men arrested over the killing were released without charge. files being prepared for the Director of Public Prosecutions.
Johnson will stand trial on Friday on two further counts of sexual activity with a child, which he denies. The 28-year-old footballer's contract was terminated hours after he was dropped for Saturday's Premier League match against Manchester United. Johnson, who was born in Sunderland, began his career at Middlesbrough before moving to Manchester City and then to Sunderland.
Robert Gray, 60, submitted a string of false VAT returns to HM Revenue and Customs. The fabricated returns triggered VAT repayments he was not entitled to. Gray was caught following an investigation by HMRC. He was jailed for five years at Dumbarton Sherriff Court.
Voters were initially turned away from all 155 polling stations in the borough. An independent review has been launched to look at arrangements for the EU Referendum in June. The council apologised for the problems and offered emergency proxy votes to residents who had been affected by the error.
Lara Clarke has previously made cakes of Johnny Depp and Jennifer Lawrence. Her latest creation, baked to celebrate the Defender model, fed 2,000 people. The half-scale replica weighed 600kg and featured working headlights. It took her 150 hours to produce and had to be delivered by fork lift truck.
The Lib Dem site was called "May & Co" - the same name as a Chelsea estate agent established in 1920. The firm's boss, John Yianni, said he started getting abusive and "weird" phone calls when the campaign appeared on Twitter. The Lib Dems said it was "an innocent mistake" and the site had been changed.
Neymar joined Barcelona in June 2013 after a successful career with Santos. Barcelona said it paid €57m for the forward, with the player's parents receiving €40m and Santos €17m. But investigators said the fee was closer to €83m and that Barcelona had concealed part of the deal.
Democrats Mark Warner and Joe Manchin, who have "A" ratings from the National Rifle Association, now say action is needed after the massacre. President Obama has held a meeting with three of his cabinet to discuss how the law might change. No single piece of legislation, no single action will fully address the problem, White House spokesman says.
"Fracking" involves pumping water and chemicals into shale rock at pressure. Joint report from the Royal Society and Royal Academy of Engineering say technique is safe if firms follow best practice and rules are enforced. Report was commissioned by the government's chief scientist, Sir John Beddington.
911 caller said "they were going to blow up the Statue of Liberty" The island was evacuated after sniffer dogs found "an area of interest" The area was declared safe by late afternoon. The statue was given to the US by France in 1886, in recognition of the friendship between the nations.
The taoiseach was speaking at the Fianna Fail party conference in Galway. He apologised for his "hoarseness" during the interview. But he said he did not regret his previous comments about being 'drunk and hungover' He said he had a feeling the 'game is up' for the party.
Herd, 27, capped four times by Australia, was a free agent after cancelling a move to Perth Glory. Nouble, 25, spent last season at Chinese side Tianjin Quanjian. "In Frank, we've signed a strong, powerful and determined striker. Chris's versatility will be a big boost for us," says Edinburgh.
Tottenham could also play next season's home Champions League games at the national stadium. Spurs are having a new £400m stadium built next to their existing home White Hart Lane. They aim to move into their new 61,000-seat home before the 2018-19 season. Chelsea could play home games at Wembley in the near future.
Around 45% of Antigua's thousands of coconut palms have been lost to date. The same condition that devastated the iconic trees in Florida and Jamaica also strikes at the heart of this 280sq km (108sq mile) island's culture and economy. The official advice states that palms showing signs of the contagious disease should immediately be cut down and burned to prevent the disease spreading.
Industrial production fell 0.4% in the first three months of 2016 and in the last three of 2015. It is the third time UK industry has been in recession in eight years. The biggest fall in output came from the basic iron and steel sector which saw production drop in March by 37.3% percent.
Zeid Raad Al Hussein described the incident in Cizre as "extremely shocking" Video footage purporting to be of the immediate aftermath of the shooting shows people being loaded into ambulances amid screaming and the sound of explosions. The region has suffered its worst violence in two decades since a ceasefire between the Turkish government and the PKK collapsed in July.
Money Advice Service offers month-by-month financial tips. Nick Hill says now is the time to start thinking of money resolutions. The final instalment of the Money Advice Service calendar is published on 1 December. For more information on Money Advice, visit www.moneyadvice.com.
21 people were killed in attacks at two pubs in Birmingham in 1974. Coroner Peter Thornton QC said he supported the families' claim for legal aid. But he said he had no powers to grant it. Home Office rejected a request from some of the families to pay their legal fees.
Benaud, 84, is said to have died peacefully in his sleep on Thursday. He will be remembered in a private funeral attended only by his immediate family. His widow Daphne phoned the PM's office on Saturday to "kindly decline" the offer.
The US says it is willing to discuss with Iran what measures can halt the advance of the ISIS rebels. Human rights chief Navi Pillay says systematic killings in the north of the country "almost certainly amounted to war crimes" Militants, led by ISIS, have seized the strategic city of Tal Afar.
The 18-year-old was last seen in Inverness on 10 November on CCTV. A member of the public alerted the emergency services to the discovery at about 21:00 on Sunday. Police Scotland said formal identification has still to take place, but that Mr Mitchell's family have been informed.
Prices rose 0.8% in the month compared with 0.1% in November. London remained the strongest performing region for the fifth year running. Scotland was the only part of the UK that saw a fall in average house prices. Property values in Northern Ireland remain 44% below their pre-crisis peak.
Murray, 27, outsmarted the 19-year-old to win 6-3 7-6 (7-5) 6- 3. The sixth seed is through to his fifth Australian Open and 15th Grand Slam semi-final. He will take on seventh seed Berdych, now working with Murray's former coach Dani Vallverdu.
Christie would like to see a minimum of five home-grown players in every match squad. His son Ryan and Liam Polworth established themselves as teenagers at Inverness. Christie senior puts that down to the bravery of former manager John Hughes. Christie also joined Celtic during his playing career but could not establish himself.
The fire blew out the windows of the house on Lewes Road. Police and the fire service are carrying out a joint investigation. The street, just off Neasham Road, remains cordoned off. The body was discovered in the upstairs of the badly damaged house.
The shooting occurred at a hostel attached to the private Pragati Residential School in Bangalore city. Police say the alleged gunman, identified as Mahesh, was working as an office assistant in the school.Incidents of gun crime at schools and colleges in India are very rare.
The Bandstand Marathon was the official finale event of the London 2012 Festival. The 12-week festival was the climax of the Cultural Olympiad - a programme of arts events that has been running since 2008. The London 2012 element of the festival began on 21 June and closes on 9 September.
Tobacco was the first mass comforter, but now we use bottled water instead. The smartphone is breaking the tedium of the moment with a bit of gratification. The phone links its obsessed user with others - not close at hand now, but online community everywhere.
Iran agrees to curb some of its nuclear activities in return for sanctions relief. Six-month interim deal prompted a fall in oil prices on markets on Monday. But Israel's prime minister has warned the agreement is a "historic mistake" UK Foreign Secretary William Hague welcomed the accord, but said it was only a "first step"
NHS Highland said it needed £2.5m more to break even in 2013-14. MSPs said they were concerned about the overspending in the health service. The committee said it had acted to address the concerns raised by the public. The Scottish Parliament is expected to vote on the issue next month.
The car was hit by a Paris-bound train at Conde-sur-Huisne in the Orne region. Deputy prefect said the car "seemed to have stopped in the middle of the tracks" None of the 34 passengers on the train were hurt, AFP news agency reports.
Amina Ali Nkeki, 19, was found with a baby by an army-backed vigilante group on Tuesday. She was one of 219 pupils missing since they were abducted from a secondary school in eastern Chibok in April 2014. They were taken by the Islamist militant group Boko Haram. Amina was reportedly recognised by a civilian fighter of the Civilian Joint Task Force (JTF)
UEFA is to make about 1,000 extra tickets available to Northern Ireland fans. Northern Ireland are to play Poland, Ukraine and Germany in France in June. IFA said it was "inundated" with calls from angry fans unable to purchase tickets. Some fans who said they ranked near the top of the IFA's 'priority list' missed out.
Scots will compete in 15 of the 42 sports in Rio. It is the largest ever contingent of Scots in a Great Britain team for an overseas Olympics, surpassing the previous record of 31 in Beijing in 2008. There are also eight Scottish swimmers - a third of the British team - and eight Scottish rowers.
BBC Persian says it has seen "disturbing new tactics" from Iranian authorities. Family members of BBC Persian staff have been detained in Iran. Some have been accused of apostasy, while others have been forced to leave the country. Human Rights Watch condemns the "deplorable" actions of the Iranian government.
Wales is ready to support the UK government in welcoming greater numbers of vulnerable children. Home Office said its priority was to ensure the safety of children in the Calais camp. Children's charity Unicef has appealed to UK government to speed up the transfer of unaccompanied child refugees in Calais.
Authorities believe 19 Gourma elephants have been killed for their tusks in the past month. There are estimated to be just 350-500 of the group left. Poaching has been linked to rebel groups in the region, who have connections to smuggling rings. South Africa has appointed a panel of experts to examine the viability of a legal rhino horn trade.
The presentation of new colours will be the final formal recognition of The Royal Welsh. It was formed in 2006 after the merger of two regiments - the Royal Welch Fusiliers and the Royal Regiment of Wales. In recent years the regiment has served in Iraq and Afghanistan.
Anastasia Deyeva, 24, has been appointed a deputy interior minister in Ukraine. Her appointment has unleashed a torrent of criticism on social media. Some Ukrainians think she is not qualified for the job. Her boss, Arsen Avakov, says the criticism is based on outdated attitudes.
Anna Egginton-Murray quit Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust in September. She said there was nobody with the expertise to treat serious cases. She knew about 100 inmates with major problems who were "put on a list" of prisoners with "unmet needs" Trust denied the list's existence and said severe cases were treated.
Hibs have two games in hand on Falkirk, who lie in the promotion play-off spot. Falkirk could extend their advantage to nine points by beating Livingston on Saturday. Hibs boss Alan Stubbs has given his players some rest during the international break to renew their energy and focus.
Scotland Yard has launched a major public inquiry into its undercover operations. The inquiry will look at allegations that undercover officers lied in court. It will also look at the "operational governance and oversight" of these operations. Here are seven key themes and allegations that lie in the road ahead of the inquiry.
Ofcom had been due to start accepting applications for the spectrum this month. But it looks unlikely to begin before the summer - with the European Commission's judgement on the O2-Three merge expected in May. Ofcom said it had received letters from Telefonica and Hutchison stating their intention to bring legal action against the regulator.
The run-up to the poll was marked by violence with drug cartels blamed for the deaths of several candidates. Protesters and parents of 43 students who disappeared last year burned election material in the town of Tixtla. A dissident teachers' union also burned ballots and ransacked offices of political parties to express its anger at education reforms.
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is out of contract after four years at Paris St-Germain. Football finance expert Rob Wilson says the 34-year-old would be United's most marketable player since Cristiano Ronaldo. Wilson says Ibrahimovic's shirt sales alone would help cover the cost of finishing fifth in the Premier League this season.
The roll-on roll-off vehicle and passenger vessel is the third of its type to be built for CalMac. The ship is almost 150ft long and can take up to 150 passengers, 23 cars or two HGVs. It will use a low-carbon hybrid system that combines traditional diesel power with electric battery power.
The deadline for re-mark enquiries is Friday 26 August for results which affect university places. Alex Neill of Which? University and Tom Laws of the National Careers Service are on hand to offer personalised advice.Marginally missing the grades needed, or even getting much better results than expected, can throw everything into turmoil.
The Dow Jones was down 178.84 points or 1.03%, at 17,425.03. The S&P 500 was down 0.95% at 2,043.86. The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite was 1.15% lower at 5,007.41.
Downing Street said the PM would serve "every single day" of a second term. Mr Cameron has tipped Home Secretary Theresa May, Chancellor George Osborne and London Mayor Boris Johnson as potential successors. But Mr Duncan Smith said he expected the next Conservative leader would already have been "in the public sphere for some time"
Insecurity was a running concern in many parts of the continent in 2013. The conflict in the Central African Republic (CAR), which started with a rebellion to overthrow ex-Francois Bozize, is worsening. Economic growth in many countries has remained steady. Nigeria will soon overtake South Africa as the continent's biggest economy.
Saudi officials did not give a reason for Sheikh Obeikan's departure. His comments were taken to be an attack on tentative steps towards relaxing some stricter interpretations of Saudi law. The head of Saudi Arabia's religious police, the "mutawa", was also replaced in January.
Yucaipa, the U.S. version of Tesco, will close 50 of its stores. The move is part of a deal to sell the company to a private equity firm. The deal is expected to be completed by the end of the year. The company has been losing money since it opened its doors in 2007.
Mr Richards is the head of the South Australian Department of Health and Social Services. He has been in the job for less than a year. Mr Richards says he is looking forward to working with the department. He says the department has a lot of work to do to improve health care in South Australia.
Dean Shiels joins FC Edmonton from League of Ireland champions Dundalk. The 32-year-old spent four years at Rangers where he played in two promotion-winning teams. The attacking midfielder from Maghera won the last of his 14 Northern Ireland caps in 2012. FC Edmonton will begin their NASL season in early April.
It's the first time the pair have worked together as a trio. The song was written during a brainstorming session. It's not clear if the song will be released as a single or as part of an album. The pair have previously worked together with other artists, including Paul McCartney.
Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she was replacing Police Commissioner Anthony Batts with his deputy, Kevin Davis. The city was rocked by riots in April when a black man died after suffering injuries in police custody. Six officers were charged over the death of the 25-year-old, Freddie Gray.
Nearly 49,000 items were dispensed in England in 2016. In 2014 the figure was about 37,000, and in 2012 it was 27,000. Drug carries warning of side-effects including depression and mood changes. British Association of Dermatologists says it is not a cause for concern.
Last month the army freed 39 captives, mostly women and children. They had been kept as slave labour by the group after being kidnapped. Some of the captives said they had been seized some 30 years ago. The government says it estimates there are still some 350 members of Shining Path left.
Kevin Whyman, 39, was killed in the crash at Oulton Park, Cheshire. He was a member of the Gnat Display Team and married with a young daughter. CarFest organisers said the festival had resumed but there would be no further aerial displays. An Air Accidents Investigation Branch spokesman said it would be investigating the incident.
Mansour assumed the leadership in July 2015, replacing Mullah Mohammad Omar. The drone targeted his vehicle in a remote area of south-west Pakistan. US Secretary of State John Kerry said Mansour posed "a continuing, imminent threat to US personnel" Pakistan's government said on Sunday the drone strike was a violation of its sovereignty.
The Republican leader will address the nation at 21:00 local time (01:00 GMT) He said he had reached a decision after reviewing war options with his national security team at Camp David. Mr Trump has previously called for a full US pullout from Afghanistan. He is also expected to outline a more aggressive US counter-terrorism policy.
Ryanair was a strong performer, up 5.2%, after it said profits would be 25% higher than thought. Hargreaves Lansdown's shares were up 7% after its results. Barratt Developments shares were 0.2% higher after an initial 2% rise.
Ricky Burns is the first Scottish man to win three world titles. The 34-year-old won his 43rd fight on Saturday night in Glasgow. The win was his first since losing his WBA light-heavyweight title in 2007. He is now the only man in the world to have won three titles at three weights.
The military said its own investigation found the claims were "false and fabricated" The crackdown began after insurgents killed nine policemen in attacks on border posts between Myanmar, formerly known as Burma, and Bangladesh in Rakhine state. Some 65,000 Rohingya fled to Bangladesh as the military searched for those behind attacks on police border posts.
Baroness Newlove said 15% of victims had been given the opportunity to make a victim statement in 2015/16. She said there had been little change since 2013 - when figures were first complied - and "more needs to be done" Ministry of Justice said it will spend Â£70m helping victims this year.
Helen Garner initially dismissed the message from Yale University as a hoax. The Windham-Campbell prize is one of world's richest literary awards, according to reports. Garner, 73, won for her body of non-fiction work. She is also the author of novels and screenplays, including 1977's Monkey Grip.
Ingeborg Rapoport finished her medical studies in 1937 and wrote her doctoral thesis on diphtheria. But under Adolf Hitler's anti-Semitic race laws, Ingeborg was refused entry to the final oral exam. She had written confirmation from Hamburg University that she would have received her doctorate if the laws did not prohibit her admission.
Steve Sidwell will join Stoke from Fulham on a two-year deal. The 31-year-old was Fulham's top scorer in the Premier League last season. Stoke are also hoping to sign ex-Manchester United striker Mame Biram Diouf from Hannover 96.
Marjory Stewart, of Bellshill, Lanarkshire, is alleged to have crashed into three other vehicles during the incident in Portsoy in July. She is accused of failing to keep her car under proper control. The case was continued without plea until next month.
The Council of Mortgage Lenders said that 2,500 homes were repossessed in April, May and June, down from 3,000 in the previous quarter. The number of owners falling into arrears on mortgage repayments had also fallen in the second three months of the year compared with the first quarter.
Former Labour MP Huw Irranca-Davies stood down to run for the Welsh Assembly election in the same area. In the 2015 General Election, Labour won the seat with 52% of the vote and the Conservatives came second with 15%. UKIP came second this time around.
Cuts in central government funding threaten the services they provide. Leicestershire is historically the poorest funded council in the country. Councils get income from council tax, a share of business rates, any income they generate themselves from services plus a grant from central government. The government is moving to a system where, by 2020, the grant will go instead from an allocation of business Rates.
Daryl Mitchell becomes the 14th PCA chairman since its creation in 1967. The 33-year-old former captain takes over from Glamorgan wicketkeeper Mark Wallace, who retired on 10 February. Mitchell will be in office for the next four years - also the length of the new contract he signed at New Road in December.
Responsible Travel, based in Brighton, specialises in wildlife holidays. It stopped offering tours involving elephant rides about 18 months ago. Most of the zoos involved in the firm's decision are in southeast Asia and none are in the UK. It will still sell holidays that include trips to rescue centres.
The singer will perform 20 shows under the banner Lionel Richie - All the Hits. The cheapest tickets, which go on sale on Friday, start at $59 (Â£38) Richie is also to be honoured by The Recording Academy as its MusiCares person of the year.
East Sussex Wildlife Rescue said it had rescued 25 birds in the last 12 months. The injured swan, along with its three cygnets, was rescued on Thursday. The charity received six calls from walkers who reported seeing the bird with blood on its body and a fishing hook in its mouth.
The Lions fought back from a point down to win the series 3-2. The most significant moment was the red card for Sonny Bill Williams. Taulupe Faletau was the best player in the series. New Zealand's win was the first time they have won a series in New Zealand.
Paedophile hunter activities can hinder investigations and lead to offenders walking free. Kent Police said it also diverts resources away from cases involving real children. The Hunted One claims to have caught 57 people, leading to 27 convictions. In October last year, Mark McKenna was jailed for five years after he was snared by the group.
Swansea were bottom of the Premier League when Clement took over in January. The Swans have won four of their nine league matches since. But they have conceded 63 goals this season - the highest in the league. They have managed just one clean sheet in their last 14 games. Clement's side are three points clear of the relegation zone.
The fire started at South Wales Wood Recycling in Heol Llan, Coity. Firefighters have isolated the burning material and will resume work on Tuesday. The cause of the fire is not yet know, but the company said the "circumstances were suspicious"
In Uig, the local authority-run toilets have been out of order since the beginning of the year. Highland Council said it was seeking quotes for the repair work needed. In 2011, Highland Council received complaints about people urinating and defecating outdoors at Staffin where public toilets were closed.
Roedd Jane Marion Lord, 76 oed, wedi ceisio stopio ei char Vauxhall Corsa coch, rhag rholio i lawr y ffordd yn ei chartref ger Castell Newydd Emlyn, Ceredigion.
Haddad was picked as the Devils' forward of the year in 2016-17. The 28-year-old scored 24 goals and 29 assists in 66 games last season. Haddad will also be a vital part of Devils' Champions Hockey League campaign. Welsh side drawn in Group E against HC Davos from Switzerland, Bili Tygri Liberec of the Czech Republic and Sweden's Vaxjo Lakers.
England declare on 490-8, a lead of 321, at Headingley. Joe Root (72), Dawid Malan (61), Ben Stokes (58) and Chris Woakes (61 not out) also helped England take control. West Indies' openers survived a six-over spell to reach 5-0 at the close.
The culture committee questioned journalists and bosses at the now-closed News of the World. Its report concluded that Mr Murdoch exhibited "wilful blindness" to what was going on in News Corp. But the committee was split six to four with Tory members refusing to endorse the report and branding it "partisan"
Arthur and Joan Frost lost their daughter Julie Bennet and her husband Mike in February. An appeal has raised over Â£275,00 to help them stay in their home in Wirral. Mr Bennet, 57, a cabinet maker, had been fighting a brain tumour since 2013. He died on 6 February and his wife died five days later.
The RMT union began the 72-hour walkout on New Year's Eve. The action prompted warnings of widespread disruption for travellers. Southern's parent firm Govia Thameslink is in dispute with both the RMT and Aslef unions. Another strike is set for 9 January. Most routes are expected to have no services.
Fe gysylltodd teulu Elen Jones, 36 oed a'i mab wyth oed, Lewis Rhys Jones gyda'r heddlu i ddweud nad yw'r ddau wedi cael eu gweld ers dydd Mawrth 17 Ionawr.
Rachid Lamrabet, 42, denies sexually assaulting a 25-year-old man. The trial had only just begun at the High Court in Livingston on Monday. The judge said the case was being deserted after a matter arose. He added that there were "good reasons" for the move.
Swedish city spent $1.3m on a six-hour work day experiment. Nurses working shorter hours logged less sick leave and reported better perceived health. But the project also faced tough criticism from those concerned that the costs outweighed the benefits. A cluster of other Swedish municipalities are following in Gothenburg's footsteps.
The KG ethylene cracker was unable to operate at full capacity in 2008. New docks and a new pipeline network have been built to receive the gas. "All the parts of the jigsaw are finally coming together," says Ineos. "We are now a step closer to seeing this advantage being brought to here"
The 21-year-old is yet to make a first-team appearance for the Eagles. He has played for clubs including Port Vale, Yeovil and Gillingham. The centre-back has also played for England at Under-21 level. The Eagles have won just one of their opening five League One games.
Harmonie-Rose Allen was diagnosed with a rare form of meningococcal septicaemia. Her family want to raise money to help with her care and have stuck pink ribbons all around the estate where she lives. BBC reporter Ali Vowles went to meet the family.
The 28-year-old has spent the past four years with Danish top-flight club AGF Aarhus. He made a solitary first-team appearance while at Old Trafford, and had loan spells at Royal Antwerp, Brondby, Barnsley and Port Vale.
Radiation levels in the sea near reactor 2 rose to 6,500 times the legal limit on Friday, up from 1,100 times a day earlier. Tepco said after cold shutdown it would focus on encasing the reactor buildings, cleaning up contaminated soil and removing nuclear fuel. Japan's recovery bill has been estimated at $300bn (Â£184bn)
Liberty, headed by Sanjeev Gupta, was first to express an interest in the assets. Tata's remaining assets include sites at Newport, Rotherham and Corby. Macquarie, the Australian bank, was advising Liberty on a potential bid. The government has promised to support any buyer of the business.
The Vatican usually responds within six weeks to approve such a new ambassador. The nomination of Mr Stefanini was seen as a litmus test for Pope Francis. He has taken a more liberal stance on homosexuality than previous popes. The Vatican traditionally makes no statement if it intends to decline a nomination.
Former Rangers and Scotland midfielder Stuart McCall assesses the performances of the Ibrox side. Former Celtic and Republic of Ireland goalkeeper Pat Bonner rates Ronny Deila's players. Barrie McKay (forward) was Rangers' best player, with Lee Wallace (defender) and Andy Halliday (midfielder) setting the tone.
Jeremiah Regis, aged two-and-a-half, was found injured at an address in Wolverhampton on November 20. He was found with more than 100 injuries, including a bite to the chest.indyann Regis and Chevaze Mcgregor appeared at Wolverhamptons Crown Court on Friday charged with murder.
Walker was a passenger in a Porsche a friend was driving when it hit a pole and burst into flames in November 2013. A wrongful death case has now been filed by Walker's daughter Meadow, who is 16. Police said the Porsche Carrera GT was travelling at 94mph (151kph) in a 45mph zone.
The San Pablito fireworks market in Tultepec has been burned to the ground three times in the past decade. Most of the 35 people killed are so badly burned their bodies will have to be identified using DNA testing. The authorities promised to "defend the livelihoods" of the people who worked at the market.
Two separate US teams have found success with an approach that homes in on a stable part of the flu virus. That should remove the problem with current flu vaccines which must be given anew each year.Studies are now needed in humans to confirm that the method will work in man.
There are 56 cases involving 97 deaths. They include killings by police officers and soldiers, and others where there are allegations of state collusion. The time taken by police to security-vet and disclose classified case files was highlighted as an obstacle in the way of progress. Twenty-two of the cases are more than 40 years old.
Louis Cryer was 18 and in Sri Lanka with his mother Zoe and brother Felix. They were staying in an idyllic beach village called Unawatuna in Galle district. It took a matter of seconds for a wall of water of about 5ft in height to start coming in.
PM wants migrants to wait four years before they can claim tax credits. Aim is opposed by many EU countries, who say it would be discriminatory. PM has indicated he would consider other ways of reducing migrants' incentives, to get a deal with the EU. Iain Duncan Smith says Britain has allies in the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark.
The premiere was held in New York on Sunday evening ahead of its opening this weekend. Ben Affleck stars in the film as Batman, with Henry Cavill taking the role of Superman. Some critics noted the long duration and complex plot points of the film. But others praised the appearance of Wonder Woman, played by Gal Gadot.
Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) found blocked toilets and leaking sewage. Ministry of Justice said more resources were being put in place. The Category B prison is holding 380 more men than the Prison Service deems it suitable for, the IMB said. It concluded: "The contract is working neither for Pentonville nor the taxpayer"
The 35-year-old will have security clearance and access to classified information. But she will have no official title or salary when she works in the West Wing. She will serve as her father's "eyes and ears" while providing advice. But some have criticised the decision to give her a White House position.
The Red Lion in Northmoor was put up for sale last year. Locals secured a loan and bought the pub in November 2013. Since then, 70 people have bought company shares, raising about £300,000. The pub will now be run as a free house by first-time landlords.
Coalition accuses Facebook of "disproportionate censorship of Facebook users of colour" Group wants site to specify which rule a deleted post has broken, and provide an appeal process. Facebook has previously responded to a letter submitted by the group, but has not yet replied to the latest one.
M4 between Cardiff West services and Magor, east of Newport, is regularly congested. Labour and Plaid Cymru talk about what they can and cannot agree on. Big question in terms of easing congestion is how much the Metro integrated road-and-rail network will change commuters' patterns.
The British Under-23 time-trial champion will compete in her title-winning event and women's road race next month in Herning. Alice Barnes, Ellie Dickinson, Lucy Shaw and Abi Van Twisk complete the road race line-up. It will take place over a 62-mile (100.5km) course on 4 August, two days after Christian and Lowther compete in the time trial event.
Shane Long's first-half goal looked set to give the hosts victory. But Luuk de Jong's late equaliser gave the Dutch a 1-1 draw. O'Neill described the Blackburn man's overall performance in only his third cap as "excellent" Bournemouth midfielder Harry Arter was named man of the match.
Katie Zelem opened the scoring for Liverpool in the first-minute. Karen Carney, Fran Kirby, Drew Spence and Eniola Aluko put Chelsea 4-1 up. Caroline Weir and Emma Lundh's second-half strikes gave the visitors hope. Kirby and Spence both added goals to restore the three-goal lead.
Police will have the right to conduct stop-and-search, detain people for up to 48 hours without court orders. Critics say that could mean a firecracker or a simple slingshot. The opposition says the bill, if approved, is bound to turn Turkey into a police state. It comes at a sensitive time for Turkish domestic politics.
Poet was staying in Apartment 205 in the renowned hotel before his death. Now developers are about to refurbish the building which will affect the layout of the apartment. Mr Haden is appealing for help to stop the work going ahead. He said: "Not only is Artie desperately trying to preserve his own home, but also a small piece of literary heritage"
Football is not as central to American as it is to European, African or South and Central American life. Up until recently, the game has been unloved by the major US television networks. But football is no longer met with American indifference. The game is growing in popularity and importance, an upward trend.
Selling as much as you can to anyone and everyone can have unintended consequences. LVMH has had its Chinese business undermined by bulk sales ferried into the country by so-called "daigou" agents. The luxury goods industry on the whole is very choosey about whom it sells to.
Those detained include players and directors from around 30 clubs from Italy's third and fourth divisions. Police said that some of those charged had links to mafia organisations. Reports say that the 'Ndrangheta crime syndicate is believed to be behind some of the match-fixing. Police had already placed more than 100 people under investigation for suspected match- fixing since 2011.
Sarah Rochira has branded the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes a 'national scandal' Health boards and care homes have said changes are being made. A survey last November found nearly one in five - 18% - of dementia patients were being prescribed antipsychotics.
In January, loyalist campaign of protest against Belfast City Council's vote to limit the flying of the union flag to designated days only was still at its height. Fermanagh played host to the most peaceful gathering of G8 leaders in recent years. Londonderry spent the year basking in its status as UK City of Culture.
Cooper, 18, was registered with the National League in time for him to be part of the squad for Saturday's home fixture against Braintree Town. The son of former Swindon, Peterborough and Darlington manager Mark Cooper, the Blues under-21 player signed a first professional deal last summer.
Highland Council has a plan to give every P6 to S6 students access to a tablet computer. It was responding to a global study that suggested investing heavily in computers and classroom technology does not improve pupils' performance. The study of schoolchildren in more than 70 countries was carried out for the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development.
Tracy Kearns, 43, has not been seen since about 20:00 BST on 7 May. A 48-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder in connection with her disappearance. Ms Kearns is described as 5ft 3ins (1.6m) tall with sandy coloured shoulder-length hair.
HMP Risley near Warrington, Cheshire, had a "marked increase" in violence. Chief Inspector of Prisons Peter Clarke said the findings were "disappointing" He added accommodation standards "varied greatly" and there was a need for more hygienic conditions.
Defence ministry spokesman Lt Gen Sergei Rudskoi said the Syrian army was poised to defeat IS militants there. But US officials said Russia staged no air strikes in Syria in the past week. IS claimed on Friday it had killed five Russian soldiers in fighting around Palmyra in recent days.
Aaron Saucedo, 23, had already been charged with murder in connection with a killing in August 2015. Now he has been linked to the deaths of eight other people, between January and July 2016. He faces 26 additional felony counts, including multiple counts of homicide, aggravated assault and drive-by shootings.
Tehran's involvement in the talks on Syria alarmed Iranian hardliners. They fear the agreement may have opened the floodgates to undesirable Western influences. But Iran is not about to abandon President Assad, because it fears any new regime may not be as accommodating to Iran. Syria provides Iran with vital access to southern Lebanon.
Peanuts are the most common cause of fatal allergic reactions to food. There is no treatment so the only option for patients is to avoid them completely. 85 children had to eat peanut protein every day - initially in small doses, but ramped up during the study. Experts have warned that the therapy is not yet ready for widespread use.
Mr Gove said no home secretary had done more to tackle the problem. Mrs May praised Mr Gove for introducing a dedicated extremism unit. They were in the Commons to answer questions about their handling of an alleged plot at Birmingham schools.Labour said they had put "personal ambition" before the national interest.
Commercial meaderies in the US have banded together to form an industry group, the American Mead Makers Association. Mead is classified as wine by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, which regulates alcohol sales and labelling. The craft brewing movement, which was recently singled out as a source of job growth, inspired home brewers to expand their repertoire.
The work is part of a Â£750m upgrade to enable faster, bigger and greener electric trains to run on the line. The disruption will last from 13 June to 27 July. ScotRail advised passengers to add at least 30 minutes to their planned journey times.
John Stollery, 58, was one of 30 UK holidaymakers killed by a gunman near Sousse last year. His wife Cheryl said her husband was the most "fantastic man" and his legacy could bring about "peace" and "understanding" The terror attack on June 26 claimed the lives of 38 people.
The discovery was made at Whitehills harbour at about 13:30. Police Scotland said: "Inquiries into the circumstances are at an early stage" For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Lib Dem leader says only another "stable and strong" coalition could save country. Insists his MPs could be "guarantors of stability at a time of great uncertainty" Spoke out during a "two-day dash" from Land's End to John O'Groats.
Bempton Cliffs at Flamborough Head has the UK's largest mainland seabird colony. The nature reserve attracts about 76,000 people a year. It has a bigger reception, a sheltered place for education and space for community groups and family activities. Its reopening coincides with the BBC's Springwatch programme.
Sissoko will miss Tuesday's EFL Cup tie at Liverpool, plus league games against Leicester and Arsenal. The France midfielder has accepted a violent conduct charge for the incident during Saturday's goalless draw. Spurs manager Mauricio Pochettino said the elbow was in the face of Arter and it is clear.
Independent unionist John McCallister has tabled a bill in the assembly. Under his plans, parties would have to gain 18 or more seats to be automatically entitled to enter the executive. There would be a leader and deputy leader of the opposition, likely to be the leaders of the two largest non-executive parties. At least 15 days a year would be set aside for opposition business.
The Keep Military Museum in Dorchester is receiving money from the Heritage Lottery Fund. It wants to create an online gallery of Dorset and Devon people who fought in the war. It also wants to convert a bunker into a room for community talks and school visits. The museum is the only military museum for the regiments of both Devon and Dorset.
Celtic beat St Johnstone 5-2 in the Scottish Premiership on Saturday. Striker Dembele scored a hat-trick in the win at McDiarmid Park. The 20-year-old was linked with a move to Chelsea on transfer deadline day.
Rangers took an early lead but Edinburgh side hit back for a 3-2 victory. The hosts were reduced to 10 men before half-time after Ryan Jack was sent off. Vykintas Slivka added a fantastic strike in the second half before a James Tavernier header ensured a tense finale.
Peter Tobin is serving three life sentences for the murders of Vicky Hamilton, Dinah McNicol and Angelika Kluk. Operation Anagram has helped piece together a timeline of Tobin's movements and relationships over decades in a bid to determine whether he is responsible for other unsolved crimes. Police said that while the operation was being scaled back it would never end.
Nottinghamshire recover from 92-4 to reach 303-6 in their One-Day Cup clash. But the holders fall short on 293-9 to lose by 10 runs, a third straight loss. Notts climb to fourth in the group, three points behind leaders Worcestershire.
Juhel Miah had flown to Reykjavik, Iceland, with the party from Llangatwg Community before boarding an onward flight to New York. But before the plane took off he was escorted off by security staff. Neath Port Talbot council has written to the US Embassy to "express its dismay"
Mohammed Hussain, 26, and Mohamed Rohaman, 32, deny terrorism funding offences. They allegedly collected a total of Â£10,000 for their brother, a fighter in Raqqa. Another two men, also appearing at the Old Bailey, deny the same charges. All four say the money was to help Musadikur come back to the UK.
The report was commissioned by Stormont's Department for Social Development (DSD) and the Department of the Environment. It concluded that introducing a scheme "with a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions" It added that a scheme could be considered for greater Belfast but that "timing, percentage target and form of provision is best left to local decision makers"
Hoffenheim had top scorer Sandro Wagner sent off for kicking Stefan Ilsanker. Second-placed Leipzig took advantage with Marcel Sabitzer's deflected strike proving the winner. The season's surprise package remain three points behind Bayern Munich, who won 2-1 at Werder Bremen.
The man, in his early 50s, had been making his way down the south ridge of 3,000ft-high Tryfan. RAF Sea King helicopter was called at 15:00 BST to help him back down the mountain. He was flown to Ogwen Valley mountain rescue team base after it was determined he did not need hospital treatment.
Rangers have not won since beating Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final. It was only the fifth defeat of the season for the Ibrox side. Halkett scored the only goal of the game in the final minute of normal time. The result leaves Rangers just one point off the top of the Championship.
Cambridge United will host a Football Family Day on 9 October to raise funds. Lionel Messi's shirt and one from team-mate Arda Turan will be auctioned off. Wayne Rooney and John Terry have also donated signed shirts. Former Newmarket Town player Shaun Whiter lost both his legs when he was hit by a car.
Vulnerable man was targeted by two men in East Kilbride on Friday night. The men threatened their 32-year-old victim with a knife before punching him and robbing him. Both men were white and in their mid teens or early 20s. They were last seen heading towards Maxwellton Road.
Tranmere's Ben Strevens was sent off in injury time for spitting. Forest Green's James Constable had given Cheltenham the lead in the first half. Parkin scored the winner in the second half to secure all three points for the away side. ForestGreen assistant Jamie Day said: "I'm disappointed that we went behind again"
Bath winger Anthony Watson missed matches against France and Wales after injuring his hamstring in January. Head coach Eddie Jones said he was "confident" Watson would feature against Italy. Northampton Saints prop Paul Hill has also been retained for the week-long training camp. Harlequins' Jack Clifford, Dan Cole, Ellis Genge, Jamie George, Dylan Hartley, James Haskell, Nathan Hughes, Maro Itoje, Joe Launchbury, Courtney Lawes, Joe Marler, Kyle Sinckler, Tom Wood, Elliot Daly, Mike Brown, Owen Farrell, Jack Nowell.
Mignon du Preez hit a second ODI century with 116 off 99 balls. South Africa reached 272-6 from their 20 overs. Ireland were all out for 204 in 48.2 overs. The sides drew 1-1 in a Twenty20 series last week.
Fire service received more than 100 calls to over 30 flooding incidents in Southend. Six people rescued after their vehicles got stuck at a flooded roundabout. Roof of the Pearl Dragon restaurant collapsed under the weight of the rain. A12 London-bound at Witham blocked by flood water.
Beauty pageants have been popular in the Philippines since they were brought to the country by the American colonial government in the first half of the 20th Century. Talent scouts and modelling agencies train some of the girls, months, even years, before the national competition. One of the most successful beauty camps is headed by Jonas Gaffud, who is CEO of a large modelling agency.
Guiseley hit the front spectacularly when Kevan Hurst swung in a corner to the edge of the box and John Rooney volleyed in. Ebbsfleet staged a dramatic second-half turnaround in the space of three minutes. Full-back Luke Coulson cut back for Myles Weston to place into the net and, shortly after, Darren McQueen beat the offside trap. But Lions debutant Reece Thompson converted a late chance at the third time of asking, after the post and goalkeeper had denied him, to level the scores again.
The Philippines has announced it will stop joint military exercises with the U.S. President Barack Obama has called for an end to the "war on drugs" in the Philippines. President Rodrigo Duterte said he would not "break or abrogate existing treaties" He did not explain who he meant by "they"
Counsel General Mick Antoniw said he was "delighted" by the Supreme Court ruling. He said it is likely AMs would get a vote on the triggering process. But he said it will not be a veto on leaving the EU. The court ruled Theresa May cannot trigger Article 50 without the backing of MPs and peers.
Hull City beat Southampton 2-1 at the KCOM Stadium. Robert Snodgrass and Michael Dawson scored the goals for the hosts. Charlie Austin had given Saints the lead with a sixth-minute penalty. Abel Hernandez and Will Keane were both forced off injured in the first half.
Boaty McBoatface is 25,000 votes ahead of the second place suggestion, RRS Henry Worsley. The boat is being built at the Cammell Laird shipyard in Birkenhead on Merseyside. When completed in 2019 it will study ice sheets, ocean currents and marine life.
Jermain Defoe has signed for Bournemouth on a three-year deal. The 34-year-old scored 15 league goals for Sunderland last season. Defoe is seventh on the Premier League all-time goals list with 158 in 468 appearances. The former Tottenham, Portsmouth, West Ham and Charlton player spent the 2000-01 season on loan at the Cherries.
Sadiq Khan said Lord Toby Harris of Haringey would review the "capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements of every London agency" Lord Harris, a former Met Police Authority chair and member of the joint committee on the National Security Strategy, said the review was "timely"
The order was issued by Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery after he witnessed the surrender of Nazi forces in northern Europe on 4 May 1945. The words in purple ink on it read: "All offensive ops will cease fire from receipt this signal" Richard Davie, of auctioneers  Nottingham's International Autograph Auctions, said the note was an "historically important document"
John Whittingdale has been chair of the House of Commons Culture, Media and Sport select committee for a decade. One of his first duties will be to oversee negotiations for the BBC's charter renewal. He has previously argued against statutory regulation of the press and said the Leveson Inquiry into media ethics "strayed" far beyond its remit.
Ethan McKen, 24, was at the Black Sea resort of Sunny Beach, near Burgas. He and a friend were hit by a wave, earlier on Saturday. Mr McKen was unable to get back to shore and his friends were unable to reach him. Thomas Cook is working with local authorities to find him.
Actresses including Meryl Streep, Sally Field, Sandra Bullock and Cameron Diaz saluted the 76-year-old Oscar-winner. Fonda's brother, Easy Rider star Peter Fonda, said "Jane, I've never been prouder of you, and I know Dad is too"
Charity Twelves Company, based in Devon, said it had turned away 112 people seeking support in 2015. More than 380 historic allegations - in which the offence was committed before 1 May 2004 - of rape involving a child have been reported to the force since 2011. Police urged victims to come forward and said they would be protected.
Cristian Montano was one of six men arrested as part of an investigation into spot-fixing by the National Crime Agency. The 22-year-old was suspended without pay by the Latics following the initial allegations. The former West Ham trainee made 48 appearances, scoring four goals.
The first cloned mammal, Dolly the sheep, was born in 1996. The original Dolly died at the relatively modest age for a sheep of six-and-a-half. The decision was taken to go back to the original cell line and to produce more clones. The results of the study will be published next week.
UKIP leader tells MEPs that the vote would be an opportunity for the UK to regain its "national self-confidence" He described David Cameron's renegotiation strategy as a "charade" which would yield only "minor" changes. EU leaders will discuss the UK's reform agenda, including proposed curbs on benefits, on Thursday.
Victory in the Cold War made America the hegemon in a unipolar world. The detention centre at Guantanamo Bay has undermined American ideals. The NSA and Wikileaks spying scandals have undercut American diplomacy. America's reluctance to launch new military actions has also had a major bearing on the nuclear negotiations with Iran.
Former baseball player Mike Piazza and businessman Giuseppe Corrado have both ended their interest in the bankrupt club. No other offers were made before Monday's deadline. Parma were relegated from Serie A and cannot now register for Serie B. The club won the Uefa Cup twice and the Cup Winners' Cup once during the 1990s.
The remark was directed at a woman in the audience who had criticised Mr Martelly and his administration. Women's Affairs Minister Yves Rose Morquette, Social Affairs Minister Victor Benoit and Secretary of State for Alphabetisation Mozart Clerisson announced they would step down from their posts.
Murs was a contestant on the show in 2009, when he was runner-up to Joe McElderry. He has gone on to sell 13 million records in five years. Flack has also found further fame after winning last year's Strictly Come Dancing. They replace Dermot O'Leary who announced he was leaving last month.
Gavin Roberts, 28, died of a brain injury on 15 June, four days after the collision. Megan Williamson's petition calls for the speed limit to be reduced from 70 mph to 50 mph. The carriageway was closed 15 times in 2015 due to fatalities or injuries, and 56 times in the last five years.
Blaze in Albion Terrace, Sheffield, started at about 08:10 BST. It is believed the unit was being used to manufacture soft toys from the film Minions. South Yorkshire Fire and Rescue said crews were expected to be at the scene "damping down" throughout the evening. National Rail said trains are now running normally between Sheffield and Doncaster.
Daniel Clarke was found lying by the train track in Thung-Kha, Chumphon province. He told police he stepped out to smoke between two carriages when he fell. Foreign Office: "We are supporting the family of a British national who has been hospitalised in Thailand"
Lukas Jutkiewicz's 89th-minute strike earned Cardiff a 1-1 draw with Birmingham. Cardiff have conceded nine goals after the 80th minute since Warnock was appointed. The Bluebirds have been weakened by injuries of late, and Greg Halford limped off against Birmingham.
Manchester City beat Borussia Dortmund 1-0 in the International Champions Cup. City boss Pep Guardiola has exiled some players from first-team training until they meet certain weight targets. The 29-year-old Nasri missed six months of last season with a thigh injury. Guardiola: "The fans can be so proud of these players"
Real scored three goals in the first 16 minutes, with Karim Benzema heading the first from a James Rodriguez cross. Ronaldo then added a penalty before Rodriguez scored with a deflected shot. Ronaldo made it 4-0 by half-time with a fizzing effort before completing his hat-trick with a header, which was followed by a Oscar Duarte own goal.
The president-elect will be sworn in on January 7 after a one-month transition period. The 72-year-old son of former chief justice Edward Akufo-Addo retained his 2012 electoral promise to provide free high-school education. His critics, mainly from the NDC, have dismissed his promises as impossible to fulfil.
The unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police. When security forced stepped in, some local residents joined the protesters and threw stones at police. Some demonstrators are reported to have been beaten up. Robert Mugabe, 92, has been in power since independence in 1980.
Chelsea won the Premier League by a convincing margin last season. Jose Mourinho identified what he needed last summer and went out and got it. The Blues have scored the first goal in 27 out of their 35 league matches. John Terry has played every minute of every league game this season.
The blast happened in the town of Velez-Malaga at about 17:00 GMT. Local newspaper La Opinion de Malaga said that the chef had raised the alarm. Police cars helped ferry the injured to hospital because the local ambulance service was overwhelmed. The cause of the blast "could have been a gas leak," the town's mayor said.
Andronicos Sideras, 55, is accused of mixing horsemeat with beef. He denies one count of conspiracy to defraud. Two men who ran FlexiFoods - a meat suppliers linked to Dinos & Sons - have admitted passing horsemeat off as beef.
By 2014 half of India's population will have an identity tagged to a random 12-digit number. The database will accommodate more than 12 billion fingerprints, 2.4 billion iris scans and 1.2 billion photographs. A person's identity can easily be verified and authenticated using a cell phone, smart phone, tablet or any other device hooked to the internet.
Spy boss Charles Farr says Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches on Google are classified as "external communications" This means they can be intercepted without the need for additional legal clearance. Civil liberty groups were outraged by the revelations. GCHQ said all its work was "carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework"
The 28-year-old won three out of the 17 stages in his first event since returning to WRC. Evans was more than six minutes behind team-mate Ogier.Toyota's Jari-Matti Latvala finished in second place, with M-Sport's Ott Tanak in third.
Russia, Iran and Turkey have agreed to back a plan for "de-escalation" zones in Syria. The zones would be set up in rebel-held areas of the country. But some rebel delegates angrily rejected the plan at talks in Kazakhstan. The plan is meant to shore up an oft-violated ceasefire which was agreed in December.
Mooboo Bubble Tea was attacked on social media and by campaign groups. A petition to demand it pay staff properly collected more than 40,000 signatures. The company has branches in London, Birmingham, Bradford, Coventry, Gateshead, Hatfield, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow.
Exeter score four tries in first half to lead 27-6 at half-time. Wasps score three tries in second half to level the scores. Moray Low scores late try to seal victory for the home side. Exeter will go top of the Aviva Premiership if Saracens lose to Northampton.
Siale Angilau was the last of 17 accused gang members tried as part of a 2010 case. FBI said he had rushed towards the witness with a pen in an "aggressive, threatening manner" US District Judge Tena Campbell declared a mistrial, writing in her order that members of the jury were visibly shaken.
Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews said Labour needed a leader to win elections, not "return to the politics of the 1970s or 1950s" Andy Burnham, Liz Kendall and Jeremy Corbyn are the other contenders. First Minister Carwyn Jones has not named his preferred candidate, but has said Mr Corbyn would be an "unusual choice"
Equality and Human Rights Commission expresses concern about hate attacks. Calls for "accurate information and respectful debate" from politicians. Comes after Thomas Mair was jailed for life for the murder of Labour MP Jo Cox. Home Office said there was "absolutely no excuse" for such offences.
Mudlarking was originally a term for the city's poor who scavenged in the river's mud. Now a new breed of treasure hunters are using metal detectors to search the shore. These men and women show off their favourite finds, and discuss the joys of mudlarksing.
Between 2011-12 and 2015-16 the number of patients attending A&E units with psychiatric problems rose by nearly 50% to 165,000. For the under 18s alone the numbers almost doubled to nearly 22,000 - just over 1% in total. Royal College of Emergency Medicine said that was likely to be the "tip of the iceberg"
The S*n published a front page story with the banner headline 'The Truth' which contained blatant lies. The Society of Editors said the council was "stretching towards censorship" The Sun said it had no comment on the vote, although the newspaper and the editor at the time of the tragedy have previously apologised for the coverage.
Violet-Grace Youens died after being hit by Aidan McAteer's car in March. He pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving at an earlier hearing. He was handed a jail sentence of nine years and four months at Liverpool Crown Court. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) applied them in 1989. Fears two firms, taken over by FirstGroup in 1996, could have too strong a bargaining position with the council. CMA said it was seeking views from a number of groups. First Bristol said it "welcomed the decision to review these undertakings"
The Most Rev Justin Welby told worshippers at Canterbury Cathedral that the attacks risked "causing us to act fearfully" But he also said: "On Easter Day hope decisively overcame fear". Tuesday's bombings in Brussels killed 28 people and injured dozens. The archbishop said hope can seem far away and fear so close "in the shadow of this week's darkness"
Both missiles hit the water before reaching the USS Mason, a guided-missile destroyer. A spokesman for Yemen's rebel Houthi movement told the Saba news agency that it had not targeted any warships. The incident came eight days after an attack on an Emirati civilian ship that was also blamed on the Houthis.
Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will replace the existing Disability Living Allowance (DLA) in April. People who are less mobile will be entitled to higher payments. Campaigners had warned that people deemed capable of walking more than 20 metres could receive lower payments - even if they were unable to do so "safely, reliably, repeatedly and in a reasonable time period"
Newport County drew 1-1 with Colchester in League Two on Saturday. Newport are bottom of the table and six points from safety. Newport boss Westley wants more experience in the dressing room. Westley expects Josh Sheehan to stay at the club until the end of the season.
Aldershot Town beat Portsmouth 1-0 in their FA Cup replay at Fratton Park. Mark Molesley scored the only goal of the game with 10 minutes remaining. The first tie had finished 2-2, with Moleley also on the scoresheet. Portsmouth are still looking for their first win in the FA Cup since 2010.
The book was compiled by the fleet's senior medical officer as a ninth birthday gift to his son in 1943. The seller's father collected the signatures at the RAF base at Scampton, Lincolnshire, where Squadron 617 - better known as the Dambusters - was formed in March 1943.
Welsh Government says it is taking steps to tackle the problem. But it says it's too early to tell if the plan will work. The problem is concentrated in the north of the country, officials say. The government says it will continue to work on the problem in the future.
The man was arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept voicemail messages and attempting to pervert the course of justice. The arrest took place by appointment at a north London police station; the man is in police custody. He has been bailed to a date in mid January 2012.
Plans for the Ysgol y Berwyn site were originally approved in 2015. A petition called for a review of proposals that would see the Church own the buildings. Gwynedd's cabinet agreed to consult on the school's Church status. The Diocese of St Asaph said it was "disappointed but not surprised" by the decision.
Mamelodi Sundowns beat Algeria 1-0 in the final of the African Champions League. They will play the winners of this year's tournament in South Africa on February 19. The winner of the tournament will receive $1.5 million and the runners-up $1 million.
The UN says 7,100 civilians have fled to neighbouring states since 10 January to escape fighting. A Malian army officer was quoted as denying the allegations. France intervened militarily on 11 January to halt a militant advance. It said al-Qaeda linked Islamists threatened to turn Mali into a "terrorist state"
Notts County Ladies have signed Liverpool's Emma Greenwood. The 22-year-old is the club's eighth signing of the transfer window. The fee is a club record sale for Notts County who "reluctantly" accepted the offer. Greenwood played for England at the 2015 Women's World Cup in Brazil.
Champions Trophy is the final major international tournament before the Olympics. Hosts GB were held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in their opening match. South Korea beat Belgium 2-0 in their first game of the tournament. Germany needed a late equaliser to salvage a 3-3 draw against India.
Blues built a 14-3 lead with tries by Lloyd Williams and Gareth Anscombe. Hallam Amos hit back before the break, Nic Cudd followed up and they earned a penalty try. Josh Navidi went over as Blues staged a late challenge, but the hosts held on to earn a last-four clash with Edinburgh.
Thein Sein, 67, took office in March 2011, after the country's first election in 20 years in November 2010. He has led a process of reform in Myanmar, ruled for decades by a military junta of which he was a key member. His visit to the United States was the first by a Burmese leader in 46 years.
The jewellery was stolen from Stanley Hunt Jewellers in Gainsborough. Police have released pictures of the stolen items in an attempt to trace them. One person was arrested and is currently on police bail after the incident. The Lincolnshire force is asking anyone who is offered one of the items to get in touch.
Hugh McGoldrick admitted falsifying drug trials on patients with sleep disorders. The offences took place at his Pound Lane GP practice in Downpatrick. He was originally given a nine-month jail term and a Â£10,000 fine in June 2016. But he appealed the sentence and was released from jail six days later.
Guptill hit four sixes in his 87 from 58 balls, while skipper Williamson took only 48 deliveries for his 72. Umar Akmal's unbeaten 56 from 27 balls had helped Pakistan reach 168-7 from their 20 overs in Hamilton. The series is now level at 1-1 with the decider in Wellington on Friday.
Built in 1814, it is believed to be the only working windmill in England that retains a wooden shaft. The Grade II-listed structure was rescued by Hampshire Buildings Preservation Trust in the 1970s. It is hoped the windmill will produce its own flour again by summer 2015.
Community union said 250 jobs are to go, mainly at Llanwern, which employs 1,500 workers. Tata said it needed to "reduce costs and focus on manufacturing higher-value products" Welsh government said it would look at how it could help Tata.
The 34-year-old finished the gruelling 2.4-mile swim, 112-mile bike ride and 26.2-mile run in nine hours, 15 minutes and 54 seconds. It was Cave's second world title of the year after victory in the Half Ironman World Championship last month. Australia's Pete Jacobs won the men's event.
He accepted that in retrospect it would have been better to challenge the intelligence used to justify the war. But he stood by his decision to join the invasion. He said: 'I am proud to have been part of the British army during the Second World War. I will always be proud of my actions during that time'
Guthrie has signed a two-year deal with the National League club. The 23-year-old previously played for Accrington Stanley, Southport, Bath City and Welling. U's defenders Tom Eastman and Jamie Harney have signed new one-year contracts.
Sheffield's Brook, 30, is one of 14 current British world champions. Brook is unbeaten in 36 professional contests and has made three defences of the IBF welterweight belt he won from American Shawn Porter in 2014. Brook was criticised for the quality of, or more correctly lack of, his recent opponents.
Nico Rosberg was 1.834secs quicker than Kimi Raikkonen, third for Ferrari. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat were fourth and fifth. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was 11th on the medium tyre. Belgian Stoffel Vandoorne made his debut in Formula 1 as stand-in for the injured Fernando Alonso.
Michael Evans' 119.228mph lap was the fastest Manx Grand Prix time so far. The session was cut short as mist fell on the mountain section. The first race will take place on Saturday afternoon. The event is being held at the Isle of Wight, home of motorcycling.
Project Thor was a complicated set of plans, revealed for the first time on Newsnight but planned in 2014. Its ambition was to push the BHS scheme nearer to being 100% funded. Newsnight understands the plans were put forward to the Pensions Regulator for approval. The plans were eventually withdrawn some months before the sale to Retail Acquisitions.
Joseph Murphy, 41, was injured in Ballymurphy, west Belfast, in August 1971. He died 13 days later in hospital during a series of shootings by paratroopers. The shootings occurred during Operation Demetrius, when paramilitary suspects were being detained and interned without trial. Forensic tests have confirmed that the bullet was fired from a military-issue weapon.
Manchester City climb from fifth to third after 2-1 win over Swansea City. Liverpool drop one place to fifth after a 2-0 defeat at lowly Hull City. Manchester United remain sixth after a 3-0 win at Leicester City. There were wins for Sunderland away to Crystal Palace, Everton against Bournemouth, West Ham at Southampton, Watford against Burnley and West Brom at home to Stoke City.
The 47-year-old was on a practice run for a race when the vehicle burst into flames. Hammond injured his knee and leg and in a blog entry says he had "two sleepless nights and several hours' surgery" The incident on 10 June was described as a "serious crash" by The Grand Tour.
European leaders have expressed shock, but most have said the result should not lead to a panic. Europeans who contacted the BBC have been sharing their reaction to the result and their views on the UK's relationship with the EU. The results of the EU referendum are expected to be announced on Thursday.
Last month, the board of crofting's regulatory body apologised for its handling of the dispute with crofters. It also asked convener Colin Kennedy to resign. But Mr Kennedy told BBC Scotland's Sunday Politics Scotland he was staying in the post. The dispute relates to the running of common grazings, including at Mangersta and Upper Coll on Lewis.
Tomasz Galwaz, 29, died after falling from the roof of Al Amin Wholesale in Aston, Birmingham on 5 January 2015. Mafizur Rahman, 32, pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court in December. Police said his main priority had been to get roof repairs done as cheaply as possible with disregard to safety of workers.
Mr Anderson was diagnosed 18 months ago but has spoken about it publicly for the first time. The 83-year-old, who lives in Henley-on-Thames, said of living with the condition: "I've lost my freedom" He also created the marionette puppet series Joe 90 and Captain Scarlet and the Mysterons.
Parents who give up work are given NI credits while their children are under 12. If they return to work, relatives can claim the credits instead. To qualify for the so-called grandparents' credit, such relatives need to be of working age. In the year to the end of September 2016, only about 1,300 people claimed the credits.
The 1.5km park between Alum Chine and Southbourne in Bournemouth is due to open on 13 April. It will include a multi-sports arena, sporting events site and a dinghy park. The work on the park will also see repairs made to a??3.2m artificial surf reef at Boscombe.
Nigeria's economy contracted for the first time since 2004. Airlines have been unable to repatriate up to $600m in ticket sales. Foreign currency reserves have dwindled to their lowest level in more than ten years. Government introduced a currency peg last year that has created a black market for the naira.
Kozak, 24, has represented his country four times. He becomes Villa's seventh signing of the summer. The 6ft 4in player finished top scorer in last season's Europa League. Paul Lambert says his arrival will ease the pressure on Christian Benteke. The striker has scored 22 times in 37 Premier League appearances.
Shop managers and assistants who break the law could face fines of up to Â£5,000 and six months in prison. The move follows similar restrictions introduced for larger stores in 2012. Other outlets such as pubs and clubs also have to keep cigarettes out of sight.
The Clarets are 14th - two points off ninth place - and close to securing top-flight survival after being promoted last season. Pulis also believes British coaches like him, Dyche, Bournemouth's Eddie Howe and Crystal Palace's Sam Allardyce do not get the credit they deserve in the Premier League.
The missile reached an altitude of about 3,000km (1,865 miles) and landed in the sea off Japan. It comes three weeks after North Korea's first ICBM test. US and South Korean military conducted a live-firing exercise using surface-to-surface missiles, a US defence official said.
Scotland face Italy in their final warm-up game before the World Cup. Scotland lost 1-0 to Italy in a friendly at Celtic Park on Sunday. The match will be played in front of a sell-out crowd at the Stade de Suisse. The game will be followed by a friendly against France in Paris.
Mr Newman was detained in Melbourne on Thursday after entering Australia without a visa. Australia had cancelled his visa while he was still in the US on the grounds that his presence in the country could incite violence. Mr Newman has previously called for the execution of abortion doctors and said women who have abortions are murderers. Justice Geoffrey Nettle in Melbourne ruled that the cancellation of Mr Newman's visa was justified.
For many Americans, The Daily Show has become an alternative way of learning about the world. In his first broadcast after the 9/11 attacks, Jon Stewart delivered a tearful, highly personal attempt to make sense of the worst terror attacks in US history. He lampooned politicians as well as reporters for taking themselves too seriously.
He was the only person nominated after the previous leader, Jamie Adams, pulled out of the contest. Mr Simpson left the council's cabinet and Independent Plus Political Group (IPPG) in 2014 over disagreements about the way the group was being run. The IPPG has led the council since 1996 but lost 20 councillors in the 4 May elections.
Jos Buttler has signed a new deal with Lancashire until 2019. The 25-year-old moved to the Red Rose from Somerset in 2013. He has scored England's three fastest ODI centuries, including a 46-ball ton against Pakistan last year.
The 123rd annual BBC Proms will be held in Hull on 20 July. Star Wars, Jaws and The Hobbit will all be played. New work by British-Caribbean composer will also be performed. The BBC is experimenting with lossless audio on the Proms website.
The SNP secured 610,454 first preference votes in last Thursday's election. This was an increase from the 503,233 it won in 2012. But the higher turnout this time around meant the party's share of the vote was 32.3%. The Conservatives finished second overall on 25%, with Labour on 20%.
U.N. humanitarian co-ordinator Lise Grande says civilians must be protected. She says avoiding civilian casualties will be key to regaining the city's trust. The western side of Mosul is the last major stronghold of IS in Iraq. The US-led coalition has been carrying out air strikes on targets in the area.
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could occur locally, forecasters say. The affected counties are Conwy, Anglesey, Gwynedd, Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire, Ceredigion and Powys. The unusual easterly direction could add to the impact.
Material could be used to sheath artificial limbs or create robots that can pick up and hold fragile objects. It could also improve tools for minimally-invasive surgery. Both groups demonstrate their skins can register a pressure in a tenth of a second, over a large range - from five grams per square centimetre to 40 times that high.
Local authority is carrying out the review against a background of "ongoing financial challenges" It stressed that it was not simply about making savings but also delivering benefits. The viability and provision of the existing four Roman Catholic schools in the Borders has been a "considerable challenge for the council over a number of years"
Pars goalkeeper Sean Murdoch denied Jamie Adams in a first half of few chances. El Bakhtaoui raced on to a Ryan Wallace ball to score his first, before scoring a stunning 30-yard volley from Michael Paton's cross. Craig Moore fired a late chance over for Ayr United, who remain third.
The man was injured by accident on "soft ground" near Okehampton. He was with his 10-year-old daughter at the time, but there were no reports she was injured. An air ambulance was called to the scene after the incident on Tuesday morning.
Lost for Words was written after St Aubyn's novel, At Last, was overlooked by Booker judges. It takes aim at judges of the fictional Elysium prize, who largely fail to read the books on their shortlist. Author beat Sebastian Faulks, John Niven, Hanif Kureishi, Joseph O'Connor and Helen Fielding.
New Zealand are the World Cup holders, having shocked Australia in the 2008 decider to win the tournament for the first time. There will be live TV and radio coverage of all England's group games, plus a quarter-final and a semi-final. All of the games at the group stage which take place on a weekday will be evening kick-offs.
It is the second month in a row the state has exceeded emergency conservation regulation. California has been dealing with record low water levels for four years. Governor Jerry Brown imposed the state's first mandatory water restrictions four months ago. The state used 27% less water in June than it used in the same period of 2013.
Karoo national park authorities had originally considered putting Sylvester down. The lion's plight was highlighted in a Twitter campaign in South Africa. He will now join two young female lions in Addo Elephant National Park in the Eastern Cape province. The move will establish him as the dominant male, says the park's CEO.
The Islamic Center of Boca Raton had planned to host a polling site for the state's primary in August and the general election in November. Officials rescinded the invitation, drawing sharp criticism from Florida lawmakers who said it reinforced religious discrimination. It is unclear how many houses of worship are used as polling places across the country.
Joint action by University and College Union (UCU), Unison and Unite. Unions have rejected a pay offer of 1% which they say represents a 13% pay cut in real terms since 2008. Employers maintain the offer is a good outcome for staff. UCU says its members last went on strike over pay in 2006.
A journalist and stock market officials are among those arrested, Xinhua said. Chinese shares fell by nearly 8% after a week of volatile trading that spread fear to global markets. Chinese authorities tightly control information online and have previously prosecuted internet users for spreading rumours. UK's Financial Times says Chinese leaders feel they mishandled stock market rescue efforts.
ceans have become 26% more acidic since the start of the industrial revolution. Human activities are adding 24 million tonnes of CO2 to oceans every day. By 2020, ten percent of the Arctic will be inhospitable to species that build their shells from calcium carbonate. By 2100 the entire Arctic could be a hostile environment.
Arthur Cave, 15, was found with multiple injuries on the underpass of Ovingdean Gap in July. He died later at the Royal Sussex County Hospital. Inquest heard Arthur had taken LSD with a friend and was seen "staggering" on his own before he fell off the cliff.
The US central bank also said it expected a "slower path" for future rate rises. It raised rates in December for the first time in nearly a decade. Chair Janet Yellen said: "Clearly this is a very important decision for the United Kingdom and for Europe"
Froome clocked 51 minutes and 18 seconds for the 37.5km stage from Bourg-Saint-Andeol to La Caverne du Pont-D'Arc. Dutchman Tom Dumoulin won in 50 minutes and 15 seconds. Bauke Mollema finished sixth to go second in the overall standings.
Six people died and 15 were injured in a bin lorry crash in Glasgow last year. The crash was blamed on the driver of the bus, who was unconscious. The driver's doctor said he should have noted the discrepancy in the account. He said the driver was 'unlikely' to have had another blackout.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan hit out after German authorities cancelled rallies. About 1.4m Turks in Germany can vote in the April referendum, which could give Mr Erdogan sweeping new powers. Mr Erdogan said that showed Germany had "no relation with democracy" German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the comments were "abstruse, malicious and absurd"
The 26-year-old Algeria international has only started two Premier League games this term with a further two starts in a total of 13 appearances. Guedioura initially joined Wolves on loan in January 2010 before signing permanently at the end of the season. But he has struggled to earn a regular starting place and also broke his leg last season.
Toolis ends his partnership with twin brother Ben to return to Australia. Jack Cuthbert, Otulea Katoa, Nick McLennan and Jade Te Rure, plus prop Grant Shiells, are also moving on. Matt Scott, Sam Beard, Mike Coman and John Andress have already left.
The so-called Islamic State group (IS) has said it carried out the attacks. The group has established a presence in Yemen since a civil war broke out there. It is opposed to the government and Shia Houthi rebels who have seized much of the country, including the capital Sanaa.
BBC Sport will increase its TV coverage of all 12 international events. The BBC has a separate deal for live coverage of the two UK Diamond League events in Birmingham and the Anniversary Games in London. Lamine Diack, the International Association of Athletics Federations president and chairman of the board of the Diamond League, said: "We are very proud to have a partner like the BBC"
Only 16 cleric MPs have been voted in, meaning the new parliament will include more women than religious leaders. President Rouhani acknowledged the new record and said: "People chose the best candidates in the 26 February and 29 April elections" The BBC's Kasra Naji says the results signal "a major shift in public support away from hardline Islamic conservatives"
Nihar Janga, from Austin, Texas, was named co-champion with Jairam Hathwar, 13. The pair battled for 25 rounds in the final of the national competition, which was broadcast live on TV. Each received a $40,000 (Â£27,343) prize.
The 35-year-old has not played since joining from Doncaster in January. He will continue to act as cover for first-choice keeper Jon McLaughlin. The former West Ham and Derby man has previously played for Millwall and Sheffield Wednesday. He has been linked with a move back to England.
60% of 1,500 teachers questioned said they had faced abuse, compared with 21% last year. In one case, a photograph of a teacher was posted online with an insulting word underneath. In another, pupils used the name of a heavily pregnant school worker to post insults.
Marcy Smith was woken up by her son David to find their house in Newfoundland engulfed in flames. The whole family was able to escape, but their house is destroyed and their dog and cats did not make it. Mrs Smith said the fire was started by some rubbish she burned in the wood stove, something she had done "a thousand times" before.
The Scot is the longest-serving manager in Scotland's top flight. The 39-year-old has been in charge of Dundee United since 2008. He has been linked with a move to Celtic, who have been without a manager for two years. The Scot has also been linked to a move away from Dundee, where he was in charge from 2008 to 2010.
The 45-year-old's Honda Fireblade crashed in the opening practice session of the Jurby Motodrome racing meet on Saturday morning. Carswell sustained serious injuries in the crash and was taken to Noble's Hospital, where he later died. An investigation into the crash is due to take place.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov says Moscow is tired of the accusations. It is the first official reaction from Russia since President-elect Donald Trump received the report on Friday. The unclassified report contains allegations that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered the hacking of Democratic Party emails.
American Apparel board says it does not expect Charney to return to the firm. Mr Charney's lawyer says many of the statements made were false. He was ousted last year because of employee complaints and accusations of misuse of company funds. American Apparel was granted a restraining order preventing him from making any negative statements in the press.
Nye Newman, 17, from Aldershot, died in the French capital on New Year's Day. His mother Debs Malone told the crowd of teenagers to carry his spirit "forever" Guildford council and Surrey Police had warned businesses to take "reasonable measures to prevent rooftop access"
The first earthquake near Dingxi city had a magnitude of 5.98 and was shallow, with a depth of just 9.8 km (6 miles) A magnitude 5.6 quake hit the same area just over an hour later. At least 5,600 houses in the province's Zhangxian county are seriously damaged and 380 have collapsed.
Joseph Mendes, Jordan Obita, Yann Kermorgant and Lewis Grabban score for Reading. Ben Turner and Cauley Woodrow score for Burton. Royals will face sixth-placed Fulham in play-off semi-finals. First leg at Craven Cottage on Saturday, 13 May and the return fixture on Tuesday, 16 May.
Homeless applications have decreased by a third in the past five years. But the proportion of homeless applications that come from the private rental tenants rose from 13% 2008-09 to 18% in 2013-14. Overall homelessness in Scotland fell by 34% during the same period, official statistics showed.
Ireland's former Olympic champion has won all five bouts since turning pro. Taylor stopped German Nina Meinke in a world title eliminator at Wembley Stadium in April. Burnett will fight champion Lee Haskins for the IBF world bantamweight title at the SSE Arena on Saturday.
The method has already been adopted in South Africa and the U.S. It is claimed to have reduced hospital admissions for violence by 42% in Cardiff. The method was developed by the University of Wales' School of Dentistry. It has been adopted by more than 100 hospitals in England and Wales.
Until recently, AI seemed firmly stuck in the realm of science fiction. But the real world is far bigger and messier, and it provides a much higher bar for machine learning. In the future, we need to do even more blending of AI research with solving real-world challenges.
The 20-year-old has only started one game for the Canaries since joining from Coventry City in January 2016, but has spent time back on loan with the Sky Blues and Aberdeen. Maddison told the club website: "Last season was a big learning curve for me. I made a few appearances and I've only been looking forward since then."
Jung, 33, had already won at Burghley and Kentucky and completed the treble with a flawless showjumping performance in Sunday's final event. Fellow German Andreas Ostholt finished second on So Is Et, with Britain's Gemma Tattersall third on Arctic Soul. Zara Tindall achieved the Olympic qualification mark on her way to a 23rd-place finish aboard High Kingdom.
Taiwan's Sunflower Movement has made many people feel they should have a say in what relationship Taiwan develops with China. The movement has also contributed to a major defeat for the pro-China ruling party in November local elections. With time, Taiwan's economy and people's livelihoods may become more interlinked with China, making it easier to push for unification.
Bricks were thrown and fires lit outside Stratford bus station and Forest Gate police station in London. Protesters allege Edir Frederico Da Costa, 25, was "brutally beaten" by Met Police officers earlier this month. Independent Police Complaints Commission is investigating the treatment of Mr Da Costa.
Tulip has been covering the outbreak of microcephaly and other birth defects. Many of you got in touch to ask Tulip questions about the new vaccine. Human trials are due to start in the summer/ autumn of this year. If the vaccine is found to be safe with no concerning side effects, it will be given to a larger number of people to test how effective it is.
The international anti-corruption summit - the first of its kind - is aimed at exposing, punishing and drive out global corruption. Political leaders, businesses, sporting organisations, and charities will meet at Lancaster House on Thursday. Cameron says corruption is "the root of so many of the world's problems"
Liam Craig opened the scoring for St Johnstone. Gary Warren was sent off for two bookable offences in quick succession. Murray Davidson doubled the Saints lead. Danny Swanson added the icing to the cake 10 minutes from time. Inverness are now propping up the Premiership table.
NHS data shows more than eight out of 10 newborns are now breastfed at least once after birth. Royal College of Midwives concerned that some new mothers are not getting the support they need to encourage breastfeeding. Department of Health in England criticised for axing funding for National Breastfeeding Awareness Week.
War and Peace averaged 6.3 million viewers, peaking at 6.7 million. It was up against ITV's Endeavour and spy drama Deutschland 83 on Channel 4. The drama, which stars Paul Dano, Lily James and James Norton, has also won rave reviews.
Wales face Serbia in their next Group D match on June 11. Gareth Bale will miss the game through suspension. The Real Madrid forward picked up his second yellow card of the campaign. Neil Taylor is facing a potential three-match ban for the challenge which saw Republic captain Seamus Coleman require surgery on his shattered leg.
Pavlina Pizova said she and Ondrej Petr began hiking the Routeburn track in Fiordland National Park on 26 July, but got lost in bad conditions. Petr, 27, slipped in a steep ice slope and died. She said she spent the night with his body before moving on to find shelter. She then stayed in a hut for almost a month before being found.
Former Spanish colony, it was annexed by Morocco in 1975. Since then it has been the subject of a long-running territorial dispute. A 16-year-long insurgency ended with a UN-brokered truce in 1991. Saharan Arab Democratic Republic (SADR) declared by Polisario Front in 1976.
The 28-year-old from Ballymena needs one more victory in Rio to be sure of a medal. Donnelly won bronze at the Commonwealth Games in 2014. He will fight world champion Mohammed Rabii of Morocco in the last eight. That bout will take place at Riocentro on Saturday at 16:15 BST.
The child was critically injured in the incident and later died in hospital. The Sun Dial restaurant, where the incident took place, has reportedly been closed until further notice. The restaurant is located at the top of the Westin Hotel, an Atlanta attraction that offers a 360-degree view of the city.
Leaders in Lombardy, Liguria and Veneto warn they cannot accept more migrants. Italy is struggling with a huge surge in migration, with nearly 6,000 people rescued from the sea just this weekend. Prime Minister Matteo Renzi said it was hard to seek EU help "when some regions in your own country say the problem has nothing to with them"
Ambassador Andreyev said Poland was partly responsible for what happened in 1939. He was summoned to the Polish foreign ministry over his comments on TVN24. Ties have sharply deteriorated in recent years, and the government in Warsaw has sharply criticised Russia's conduct in Ukraine. Russian parliament in 2010 directly blamed Josef Stalin for ordering the 1940 massacre of 20,000 Polish prisoners of war at Katyn.
Charb's book is entitled An Open Letter to the Fraudsters of Islamophobia who Play into Racists' Hands. It is both a defence of Charlie Hebdo's editorial stance and an attack on the paper's detractors. The book was finished two days before Charlie Hebdo was attacked in January.
The exercise was carried out in Todmorden, Hebden Bridge, Mytholmroyd, Sowerby Bridge, Elland and Brighouse. The Environment Agency has eight flood sirens to warn the upper Calder valley when rivers are expected to flood.
World's heaviest crane ship hoists 6,000-tonne piece of concrete into place. It's part of a mega bridge called the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge, which will connect three different places on the coast. Jenny has all the details.
Vincent Uzomah, 50, was attacked at Dixons Kings Academy at 08:55 BST. He was stabbed once in the stomach with a knife but is in a stable condition. The teenager was arrested in the city centre following an extensive manhunt. It is thought he had only been working at the school for four weeks.
The images are part of a larger project to digitise the world's most famous photographs. The images were taken in the 1960s and 1970s. The project is being funded by the British Museum and the European Commission. The aim is to make the images more accessible to the public.
Stephanie was badly injured in a motorbike taxi accident in Vietnam. The 27-year-old was flown back to Scotland and is in hospital in Edinburgh. On Thursday, her parents said she had opened and her eyes and said "Hi" A friend said the judo star had made "outstanding progress"
David Davis rejects calls for Holyrood to be given powers over immigration. Conservative politician was in Scotland a day after the Scottish government published its draft independence referendum bill. Mr Davis said: "It's hard to see how a separate immigration policy would work" He insisted the Brexit arrangements would be a "United Kingdom deal"
CIA code that obscures malware's origins was detailed in the latest release by the whistle-blowing site. The code could be used to create a "signature" for CIA malware, said one virus hunter. The information is part of a larger cache about CIA hacking tools that started to be released last month.
The pages were purchased by Leeds City Council in 1951. They are from a 13th Century text of the holy book of Islam. The Victoria and Albert Museum confirmed their age and origin in 2014. The display starts on Saturday and is to run for a year at Leeds City Museum.
Mitch Rose put the Stags ahead just four minutes into the second half. Scott Shearer had little to do until he picked O'Shaughnessy's stunner out of his net. Danny Wright missed a couple of chances to win it in stoppage time as Mansfield heads dropped.
The Scot dug deep to claim a 2-6 6-4 7-6 (7-4) victory in a match that lasted two hours 59 minutes. He recovered from two breaks of serve in the third set, his opponent serving for the match at one point. Murray now faces Austria's Dominic Thiem in the last four.
The drilling rig was destined for a yard in Turkey to be decommissioned. A towline broke and it ran aground on Lewis. It is now temporarily anchored in the island's Broad Bay. But councillor Angus Campbell has said it could remain longer term. He has written to the rig's owner, Transocean, to consider recycling parts.
Gordon was playing after Dorus de Vries picked up an injury at the weekend. The 33-year-old goalkeeper was busy in a 3-3 draw with Manchester City. Gordon started the first nine matches of the season but lost his place to summer recruit De Vries in mid-August.
Sutton opened the scoring after 13 minutes when Kevin Amankwaah laid the ball back for Roarie Deacon to fire in. nine minutes later they were two up when Maxime Biamou headed down for Jamie Collins to volley in from 10 yards. Robbie Tinkler pulled a goal back three minutes into the second half when he ran into the area, evading four defenders, before shooting into the far corner. But any thoughts of a fightback were ended when Kieron Cadogan netted just after the hour.
Heavy rains caused the river Liboriana, in the town of Salgar, to burst its banks, triggering the landslide. Much of the village of Santa Margarita, south-west of the provincial capital, Medellin, was swept away. President Juan Manuel Santos said the authorities do not know how many people are still missing.
Ormsby had already agreed to join Giants for the 2017 season. 23-year-old scored 29 tries in 42 games for Warrington, but played in only five games this season. Ormsby made two appearances during a one-month loan spell with Giants in April.
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 6 and 13 January. Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
1,000-tonne boring machine has broken into the eastern end of Liverpool Street Crossrail station. High-speed trains will run from Reading, through central London to Abbey Wood and Shenfield in Essex by 2018. The machine, which is named Elizabeth after the Queen, has 2,460ft (750m) to bore until it reaches the end of the line.
Ivor Bell, 77, was arrested at his home in Andersonstown on Tuesday. He has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the IRA. He is expected to appear in court on Saturday. The IRA admitted in 1999 that it murdered and buried at secret locations nine of the Disappeared.
Ireland have added Mike Ross and Cian Healy to their squad for the clash with England. Ulster pair Stuart McCloskey and Keith Earls are also in the squad. Jared Payne is still recovering from a hamstring injury. Sean O'Brien, Dave Kearney and Mike McCarthy have all been ruled out of the remainder of the tournament.
Abu-Zakariya al-Britani detonated a car bomb at an Iraqi army base. He is believed to have been originally known as Ronald Fiddler. Fiddler, 50, was sent to Guantanamo Bay in 2002. He was released after two years and received a million pounds in compensation.
Tottenham defender Jan Vertonghen turned his left ankle against West Brom. The 29-year-old has played in 20 out of 21 league matches this season. Spurs have conceded just 14 goals - the best record in the Premier League. Erik Lamela has been sidelined since the end of October with a hip problem.
First Minister Arlene Foster and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness highlighted five key priorities to the prime minister. Mrs Foster said: "Brexit means Brexit, but that doesn't mean that we close our eyes to the challenges that are there" She emphasised that Northern Ireland's border must not become a catalyst for illegal activity, nor create an incentive to undermine the peace process.
Billionaire Mike Ashley steps down as executive deputy chairman of Sports Direct. The retailer has been under fire over zero hours contracts and disclosure that staff at a warehouse were paid less than the minimum wage. Mr Forsey has worked for the retailer for 32 years after starting as a part-time worker when he was 18.
There are six mosques and around 30,000 Muslims in Las Vegas. The Islamic minority in Sin City says life is not always easy. The murders of 14 people in California are being investigated as an act of Islamist terrorism. Donald Trump has called for the suspension of all Muslim immigration to the US.
Pakistan seemed to be cruising to a draw before Adil Rashid turned the match with five wickets. England sent out Jos Buttler and Ben Stokes in the top four but were beaten by the fading light. The tourists could not find the boundary frequently enough before the umpires brought the teams off. The second Test in Dubai begins on Thursday.
Ma Long, Jike Zhang and Xu Xin defeated the Japanese trio of Koki Niwa, Jun Mizutani and Maharu Yoshimura 3-1. Germany beat South Korea to take the bronze medal. China won all four table tennis golds available in Rio to take their total to 28.
Charles and Camilla will visit 12 towns and cities across Australia and New Zealand. The royal couple will also meet new Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull. It will be the 15th time the Prince of Wales has visited Australia. The trip includes a birthday barbeque in Western Australia for Charles.
BBC analysis suggests 195 out of 402 official bathing waters are patrolled. National Water Safety Forum said it was "impractical" for every beach to be covered. absence of lifeguards was raised as a concern after the deaths of seven men at Camber Sands in 2016 but an inquest concluded they may have drowned anyway.
Gwen Ifill was best known for moderating Washington Week in Review and PBS NewsHour. Had been absent for last week's election coverage due to ongoing health issues. President Barack Obama offered his "deepest condolences" from himself and the first lady. Ifill had moderated two vice-presidential debates as well as a Democratic primary debate last year.
The children's laureate is chosen by a panel of judges from the book world. It comes with a bursary of Â£15,000, not to mention a shiny, silver medal. The laureate has to "promote and encourage children's interest in books, reading and writing"
Bruce is favourite to replace Roberto di Matteo, who was sacked on Monday. Villa have appointed a former Birmingham boss in the past - and the outcome was not good. Danny Mills says Bruce could be a good option despite his association with Birmingham. Bruce has been without a club since leaving Hull in July.
Up to six shots were fired at police during a third night of violence in north Belfast on Tuesday. Assistant Chief Constable Duncan McCausland said children as young as 10 were involved in the violence. He said young children were being used as shields by "sinister elements" organising the riots behind them.
Gary Carter was in London to cover the England v New Zealand rugby league match. He was found with head injuries in Bethnal Green early on Friday. His wife Gemma said: "He's heavily sedated because they're waiting for the swelling on his brain to go down"
Lloyd will not feature for Chester in Saturday's game at Maidstone. The 22-year-old spent much of the 2015-16 season with the Blues. Chester beat Dagenham 3-0 on Tuesday, having lost their opening game by the same scoreline at Gateshead.
Hibernian beat Dundee United 1-0 at Tannadice. Lewis Toshney was sent off in the 75th minute for punching the ball into the net. Jason Cummings scored the only goal of the game in the 38th minute. Neil Lennon's side are now nine points clear at the top.
Avon's Parisian office says only current orders will be guaranteed. It is unsure if its self-employed representatives will be able to get supplies after the end of October. The US parent company has been through a string of reorganisations and management changes. Two years ago, it turned down a takeover offer from rival cosmetic company Coty.
Mercedes, runners-up Red Bull and third-placed Williams show off new cars. Force India have missed the test because their 2015 car is late. Sebastian Vettel was the first man out of the pit lane for his new team, Ferrari. McLaren had a delayed start as they begin their era with new engine partner Honda.
The A547 at Meliden, between Rhuddlan and Prestatyn, was closed after 14:00 BST. The child was taken to hospital, with the extent of his injuries not yet known. Police confirmed traffic had resumed on the road after 16:30 BST.
The cascade - or weeping window - section will be shown at St George's Hall in Liverpool and Woodhorn Museum, Northumberland. The installation included 888,246 ceramic poppies, with each representing each death in the British and Colonial forces between 1914 and 1918. A total of £9m was raised for six military service charities.
Sir Jeffery Amherst was the commander-in-chief of the British army in pre-independence north America. In Guernsey, where he was governor for 24 years, a school, a road and a former hospital were named after him. In the US he has become a dubious figure because of his connection with biological warfare. Earlier this year students at AmherSt College, Massachusetts, voted to remove 'Lord Jeff' as their unofficial mascot.
The 33-year-old is the 45th Kenyan athlete to fail a doping test. She was due to be crowned world marathon champion but the event was called off. The ban comes just days after eight more Kenyan athletes were banned for doping. The Kenyan Athletics Association says it is investigating the allegations.
Peel Energy and United Utilities want to add a further 16 turbines at Scout Moor, on land between Rochdale and Rossendale. Rossendale Borough Council's development control committee gave the go-ahead for 14 of them at a meeting on Tuesday night. Opponents are concerned the expansion will impact negatively on the natural beauty of the area.
Apple was sued in 2014 for allegedly using a technology developed by a professor and students in its iPhone chips. Apple was ordered to pay about $234m when it lost the patent case. That sum has now been more than doubled because it continued to use the tech. Apple still hopes to overthrow the fine by appealing against the original jury verdict.
Northern Ireland players wear black armbands in memory of the man. The 24-year-old died after a fall in the stands at Stade de Reims. He is the second man to die in France this week after a man died in a car crash on Sunday.
Harsent won the award for best poem in a collection of poetry. The winner was announced at a ceremony in London on Monday. The prize money was increased from £15,000 to £20,000 for the winner. The previous winners were:   David Walliams, John Keats, William Makepeace Thackeray, and Robert Frost.
The 39-year-old has not played since losing in the quarter-finals of the World Championship in April. O'Sullivan beat Judd Trump 10-9 in last year's final to win his fifth UK title. The Champion of Champions is one of the three major snooker tournaments.
Oscar's Wine Bar in Lancaster admitted health and safety failings. Gaby Scanlon was left close to death after drinking the £3.95 shot. A CT scan found a large perforation in her stomach. She now suffers from "episodes of agonising pain" and avoids some foods.
The adult female's remains - including a head and hands found in a bag - were discovered in eight locations, Irish police have confirmed. The man arrested remains in police custody in Bray, 20km (12 miles) south of Dublin, where he can be questioned for up to 24 hours. Police are investigating whether the death is linked to a personal dispute.
The Care Inspectorate and Healthcare Improvement Scotland looked at services provided by NHS Western Isles and Comhairle nan Eilean Siar. Watchdogs said there were "weaknesses" and "crucial areas for improvement" in the services. They acknowledged that care provision was "performing well in some aspects"
The 26-year-old victim had been standing at a bus stop in Glasgow. A car pulled up beside him and a passenger got out and chased him. Two other men then jumped out and attacked him with weapons. The victim is being treated at the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital. The attackers then got back into the vehicle and drove off.
DR Congo could only draw 1-1 with their rivals in Kinshasa. It put Congo Brazzaville through on the away-goals ruling. In other shocks South Africa, Mali and Algeria were also eliminated. South Africa contained Zambia for 79 minutes in Ndola before conceding two goals in three minutes to lose the match 2-0.
Celtic lost 4-0 to Lyon in a friendly at Celtic Park on Saturday. Ollie Ntcham, Kundai Benyu and Nabil Fekir scored for the French side. Brendan Rodgers was pleased with the fitness of his new signings. The Celtic boss also praised Benyu's range of passing.
Transport Scotland has proposed building the new bridge further east of the present crossing, which would be removed along with an embankment. The new structure would also have a lower profile. Full details of the planned new bridge have been published online and views from the public have been sought.
The Force is what gives a particle physicist his powers, says Cern scientist. The joke was one of many April Fools jokes seen on websites around the world. Others included a selfie shoe, driverless pizza delivery and thought-powered web search. Other parodies included cab-calling firm Hailo introducing piggy-back rides around cities.
UKIP got more than 200,000 votes in Wales in May, more than both Plaid Cymru and the Liberal Democrats. It came second in six of the 40 Welsh seats but, under the first past the post system, did not win any. The party believes the regional list system gives it a strong chance at the assembly election.
Elena Hrabovenska came to England in 2003 from Ukraine, aged 19. She owns three Polish delis, one in Huntingdon and two nearby in Peterborough. She has noticed ill-will towards migrants in the city following the EU referendum. Her fear is that her delis will be hit by a weaker pound and import tariffs.
Brian Buckle of Fishguard was convicted of child sex abuse in the 1990s. He was found guilty of 16 counts of non-recent sexual abuse against a child. The victim was aged between eight and 10-years-old at the time of the abuse. He has been sentenced to 33 years in prison, to be served over a 15 year period.
The event will take place in the town of San Luis Potosi, in the state of Sinaloa. The event will be open to anyone who wants to attend. It will be held on the same day as the Mexican national day of mourning, which takes place on December 26.
Alexys Brown, also known as Lexi, died at her home in Weymouth on Thursday. A post-mortem examination is due to be carried out this week. It was originally hoped the appeal would raise £2,000. The appeal page has been set up to raise money for the Brown family.
The project at Ffrwd Farm Nature Reserve, Pembrey, is part of a wider ongoing water vole strategy for south Wales. Natural Resources Wales said the creatures had suffered a huge decline in recent decades as a result of habitat loss, habitat fragmentation and predation by American mink.
The government announced last year that the FSS would close, with as many of its operations as possible being transferred or sold off. The FSS analyses evidence from crime scenes in England and Wales, but has been losing about £2m a month. Some experts are concerned that an over-emphasis on profits could threaten the quality of science.
Bill Cosby has been accused of sexually assaulting more than a dozen women. The comedian has not directly addressed the accusations, but his lawyers have described them as "discredited" and "defamatory" Mr Cosby said in a statement on Monday that he had "always been proud" of his association with Temple University.
Officers were alerted to the find just south of Porth Neigwl (Hell's Mouth) on the Llyn Peninsula. The Ministry of Defence confirmed it was possibly some kind of ordnance.Explosive experts are set to detonate the device on Monday morning to make it safe.
Researchers have examined ocean sediments laid down during the so-called Palaeocene-Eocene Thermal Maximum. They find the amount of CO2 going into the air at its onset was four billion tonnes a year at most. Today's figure is 10 times as big. The PETM has been extensively studied because it is regarded as a possible "analogue" for what is happening on Earth now.
Gordon Aikman has motor neurone disease (MND) He was diagnosed at 29. There's neither a cure nor an effective treatment. But Gordon refuses to give in without a fight. He's raising money for research and campaigning for better patient care. The Fight of Gordon's Life will be broadcast on BBC1 Scotland on Monday.
The visitors took the lead three times in the first half thanks to tries from Justin Horo, Luke Walsh and Tony Gigot. However, scores from Theo Fages, Alex Walmsley and Louie McCarthy-Scarbrook gave Saints the lead at the interval. Jonny Lomax, Mark Percival, Luke Thompson and Ryan Morgan guided the hosts to victory.
Around 400 residents in east Rhyl were forced to leave their properties when severe storms breached the sea defences in December 2013. Chaz Moore, whose bungalow was flooded when the sea wall collapsed, said it was a "risk" living in the area. The third and final phase of Â£1.1m of improvements by Denbighshire Council is due to start on Tuesday.
Nominet and Broadway Partners to roll out service on Isle of Arran. Will be available in two packages, one offering speeds of up to 25Mbps. Technology has been used at London Zoo to broadcast footage of meerkats. BT believes it can get fibre broadband solutions to almost 99% of UK homes by 2020.
Tax avoidance, unlike tax evasion, is not illegal. Ministers have said it involves "compliance with the letter but not the spirit of the law" Labour has pledged to use some of the money raised from a tax avoidance crackdown for its Â£2.5bn NHS funding pledge. Tory spokesman said it was "feeble stuff" and Labour had no economic plan.
Prof Allyson Pollock and colleagues at Queen Mary University of London say the contact sport is too dangerous. They do not want an outright ban but say the sport must change and safeguards are needed. The Rugby Football Union said steps had been taken to make the sport safer. But Prof Pollock fears there are not enough safety checks and measures to support this.
Hurst Castle was built by Henry VIII between 1541 and 1544 to guard the Needles Passage, the narrow western entrance between the Isle of Wight and the mainland. In the 1860s two huge wing batteries were added. During World War One and Two the castle was garrisoned guarding the western entrance to the Solent.
Two patients sitting on the original review group quit in protest at what they said was a watered-down report. Now independent expert Alison Britton, a professor of healthcare and medical law, will examine the final report. Many women have questioned the safety of the implants, which are used to treat incontinence.
Mediterranean gull and black-headed gull eggs were illegally harvested from from islands in Poole Harbour, Dorset. The theft has been branded "sickening" by bird charity Birds of Poole harbour. The group said some eggs were not cleared for human consumption. Dorset Police and Natural England have launched an investigation.
Figures shared with 5 live Investigates by the charity RoadPeace reveal a 23% drop in prosecutions in England and Wales in the five years to 2015. In the same period the number of convictions fell by nearly 30 per cent. The charity blames a reduction in the numbers of specialist police officers.
Activists want to stop the consumption of dog meat at the festival in the southern city of Yulin. The annual festival involves the slaughter of thousands of dogs for human consumption. Supporters of the festival argue that dog meat is good for people and eating canines is no different from consuming any other meat.
Long wins gold in the men's clean and jerk at the Riocentro Pavilion 2. North Korea's Om Yun-Chol took silver in the same event. Thailand's Sinphet Kruaithong won the bronze medal with a total of 289kg. Long matched the 16-year-old Olympic record of 137kg in the snatch.
Memphis Depay will join Manchester United from PSV in a £25-30m deal. The 21-year-old has scored 21 goals as PSV won the Eredivisie this season. Depay played under United manager Louis van Gaal during his time as Netherlands boss.
Oculus Connect is a conference for the virtual reality industry. Its headset, the Oculus Rift, hits shelves next year. The possibilities are mind-blowingly enormous - from gaming to tele-presence. Facebook is trying to nurture a platform that one day could rival mobile app ecosystem.
The 24-year-old became Britain's first champion in the event's 17-year history with last year's win. Coxsey reversed the outcome from the last event in China by pipping Janja Garnbret to gold. Sport climbing is one of five new sports confirmed for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Donald Skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers. The 38-year-old shouted: "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers" Skene was ordered to complete 156 days of the unexpired portion of his jail term. He was also sentenced to a year's supervision following his release.
The 43-year-old man was subjected to a "brutal" attack in Bolton. He died four days later in hospital after being taken to hospital on 9 June. Kathryn Colgan, 24, William Coughlan, 25, Alex Colgan and Ellis Hampson, 19, have been charged with murder.
Three men targeted the driver as he made a delivery in Willow Grove, Livingston. They hit him with a golf club in a stairwell, then stole the food he was delivering. The 32-year-old victim suffered a minor facial injury and called police. All three thieves are white, in their 30s, with Scottish accents.
Dr Barry Morgan said the Wales Bill, passed last week, was unjust. He added that Scotland and Northern Ireland were offered "better deals" The Wales Bill offers to extend the transfer of powers over tax, energy, transport and the assembly's own affairs. There have been claims it would reduce AMs law-making powers.
Wales is currently the world's third largest producer of wood. Forestry industry is worth more than Â£450m a year to the Welsh economy. But conservationists say commercial forests are bad for wildlife. The Welsh government wants a balance between the environmental, the economic and the social.
Two small eels were found in a routine fish survey on the River Tud in Norfolk. The Environment Agency said it was encouraging but did not "herald the recovery of the species as a whole" The status of the European eel is regarded as "critical", and globally the population has fallen by 95%.
The actor was charged with culpable homicide in Mumbai for the September 2002 incident. Mr Khan has always denied he was at the wheel. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. The prosecution has alleged that Mr Khan was driving the car and that he was drunk. But many witnesses have said that was not the case.
David Byrne, a leading member of the Kinahan criminal gang, was killed in September. Gunmen alleged to be linked to the Hutch family took revenge on the Kinahans for the murder of a family member in Spain the previous September. It took several parliament meetings before a Fine Gael-led government with independents in the cabinet emerged.
Robert Millar was born in Glasgow in 1958. He finished fourth in the 1984 Tour de France, a record for a British rider. A sportive in his honour will be held in Glasgow on 27 May. Proceeds will go to the Glasgow Wheelers' development squad for young riders.
All-party group calls on UK government to consider devolving some immigration control. That could involve Wales being able to set its own visas and migration quotas. Group chairman said immigrants should have to learn English or Welsh. UK government said different rules for different areas would cause difficulties for employers.
Nielsen holds the most neuro-technology patents - with 100. Microsoft holds 89 patents for software that can assess mental states. There are moves afoot to come up with ways of controlling video games via brainwaves - such as a collaboration between EEG headset-maker Emotiv and the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers.
The bung was left in place after the procedure at Northampton General Hospital. The patient was discharged home and the bung fell out four days later. The hospital has apologised for the incident and said it had learned from the error. It was one of two "never events" to happen at the hospital in Cliftonville in 2016.
PM Viktor Orban said Hungary would not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering. His comments came as Hungarian authorities opened the main rail station in Budapest to hundreds of migrants after a two-day stand-off. Many of the migrants currently in Hungary have been refusing to register there, in order to continue their journeys to Germany.
The president-elect has said Mrs Trump and Barron will move to Washington "very soon, after he's finished with school" There are only two other First Ladies in the history of the U.S. who have not made the White House their home during their husbands' years as commander-in-chief.
Neil McEvoy said he was "not surprised" Mr Waters "wants to brush the failures of his government under the carpet" He suggested former economy minister Edwina Hart or the first minister should be called to give evidence. Mr Waters warned against the committee becoming a "circus"
Molly Wigmore, 76, died in the fire at her Plymouth home in October last year. The first 999 call was made at 05:17 GMT but none had arrived by 06:44. An inquest is expected to examine whether the delay played any part in her death.
The trustees of Wykeham House School in Fareham had warned last month its future was in doubt. A statement blamed falling numbers and said most children had found alternative schools. The school offered single sex teaching for both boys and girls, charging fees of up to Â£4,100 per term.
Collection of artworks by the 83-year-old, from Pembrokeshire, is due to go on show. They capture intimate observations of family and friends at home and at Tenby beach. Comes a year after her husband, painter Gwilym Prichard, died.
Bitfinex says nearly 120,000 bitcoin were stolen from its exchange platform. All transactions on the virtual exchange have been suspended while the security breach is investigated. The hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin's history and is being treated as a "major deal" by many in the virtual currency community.
Gregory will tee off at Augusta National for the first time on Thursday. He secured his place by winning the British Amateur Championship last summer. The 22-year-old from Waterlooville, Hampshire had his eyes glued to hours of footage from the past four years. Gregory is hoping for better fortunes than his mixed experience at Royal Troon.
Woman 'live-streamed her suicide on Periscope' in France. She said she had been raped, before taking her own life on the tracks. Twitter, which owns the app, said it had removed the content but did not comment on individual accounts. Many make the point that it is not social media itself that is dangerous, but how it is used.
Regina Edwards, 52, strangled Priscilla Edwards, 78, with a scarf. In 1995 she was convicted of stabbing one of her daughters in the leg. Edwards, who has a diagnosis of schizoaffective disorder, has been sentenced to life with a minimum of 10 years.
The dollar climbed 1% against a basket of currencies, and against the Japanese currency it rose above 123 yen. Dow Jones fell 113.98 points to 18,118.04, while the S&P 500 dropped 9.91 points to 2,116.15. Nasdaq index was 19.26 points lower at 5,070.10.
Unemployment in Spain fell by 2.1% in June, according to the Labour Ministry. June is generally a good month for employment as it marks the beginning of the tourist season. Despite the fall, the unemployment rate in Spain is still the highest in the eurozone. The Spanish government is implementing a number of labour market reforms.
Wayne Rooney scores sixth hat-trick of his Old Trafford career. Danny Welbeck, Nani and Park Ji-sung were the other scorers. Robin van Persie's strike late in the second half was no consolation for Arsenal. Carl Jenkinson was sent off for Arsenal in the dying minutes.
Etna is one of the most active volcanoes in the world. A flow of lava ran into snow, producing superheated steam that sent fragments of rock flying in all directions. BBC reporter said a volcanologist at the scene told her it was the most dangerous incident he had experienced in his 30-year career.
The SNP won 56 of the 59 Scottish seats in last week's general election. The result means the SNP will have more powers than the Tories. But the Tories say they will have to work with the SNP to find ways of spending more money on services such as health and education in Scotland.
Gatland says he will step down after the 2019 Rugby World Cup. The 52-year-old has led Wales to two Grand Slams since taking over in 2007. He has previously coached in the UK with Wasps and in New Zealand with the All Blacks. Waikato Chiefs chief executive Andrew Flexman says Gatland would be a good choice.
Benfica have won 81 of the 83 Portuguese titles between them. Benfica, FC Porto and Sporting Lisbon have won their 36th league championship. The Lisbon side led 4-0 at the break thanks to goals from Franco Cervi, Raul Jimenez, Pizzi and Jonas.
Scot was born with a club foot and had to learn to walk in special plaster casts. He won gold in rowing at the London 2012 Paralympics and wants to represent Great Britain in a fourth sport at Rio 2016. The 35-year-old is preparing for his first serious bike race at the International Para-cycling Cup in Wales.
Meath reduced Down's lead but they home side held on after a nervous finish. Down went into the game propping up Division Two after disappointing opening defeats by Fermanagh and Clare. County secretary Sean Og McAteer released a length statement on Thursday night denying reports of unrest within Eamonn Burns' squad.
Ron Stone had represented St George West on Bristol City Council since 1985. He died aged 73 on Wednesday. Labour leader Helen Holland said he was "dedicated to furthering social justice and equality in Bristol and beyond" Lord mayor George Ferguson said he had "an undying passion for Bristol"
Townsend had already voluntarily withdrawn from the England squad for the European Under-21 Championship. The 21-year-old was also suspended for four months backdated to 23 May. It is believed he was not accused of betting on games he had involvement in. The FA has strict betting rules that forbid gambling on a wide spectrum of fixtures.
Manchester City has signed a new deal with German software giant, SAP. The City Football Group (CFG) has entered into a global, multi-year marketing and technology partnership with SAP. CFG believes that with SAP's assistance they can change the way supporters of the group's four teams access and consume football data.
Survey of more than 6,640 adults shows US economic health improving. Some 70% of respondents said they were either "living comfortably" or "doing okay" But there were continuing signs of instability, with over a third of US households (35%) saying they could not cover their monthly bills.
Lib Dem leader says he does not believe gay sex is a sin. He said he did not want to get into a "series of questions unpicking the Bible" He said it had become an issue and he wanted the focus to be on the general election. He also said the Lib Dems had "undoubtedly the best record" on gay rights.
Barratt said the new sites would "underpin" more than 300 extra local jobs. They include developments in Edinburgh, Haddington, Strathaven, Glasgow, Linwood, Aberdeen and Newmachar. Barratt built 1,390 new homes in Scotland last year, nearly half of which were constructed on brownfield land.
The government is negotiating with the Lib Dems and Greens to get its budget passed. Green co-convener Patrick Harvie has asked for concessions over tax. Lib Dem Willie Rennie has targeted up to £400m of additional spending. Finance Secretary Derek Mackay has said he is "positive" about winning support.
Colin Nathaniel Scott, 23, fell into the spring in the Norris Geyser Basin area of the park in north-west Wyoming. Authorities are now trying to retrieve Mr Scott's body from the spring but have so far been unable to reach it.Springs in the area can see temperatures of up to 93C (199F)
The X Factor is celebrating its 10th anniversary this year. The show is being held in London's St James' Park. It is the first time the X Factor has been held in the UK in more than a decade. The X Factor was founded in 2000 and is run by the same people.
The blaze broke out in a ground-floor flat of a four-storey tenement in Tollcross. One woman was rescued from the top- floor flat and eight people were injured in total. The other five people were treated in hospital for minor injuries before being released. The cause of the fire is being investigated.
Polish MPs voted down a bill to ban all abortions unless the mother's life is in danger. The bill was backed by the Catholic Church, but not all members of the ruling party. The only exceptions would be in cases of rape or when the mother is seriously injured. The vote was the first in a series of votes against the bill.
John Collins, Terry Perkins, Brian Reader, and Daniel Jones pleaded guilty. Items believed to be worth more than Â£10m were taken in the raid. More than 70 safety deposit boxes were ransacked in the jewellery quarter. The men will be sentenced at a date to be confirmed.
Stuart Hogg scored the opening try for Scotland. Leigh Halfpenny kicked three penalties and a slick Rhys Webb score put Wales 16-10 up by half-time. Wales had a Liam Williams try ruled out for an off-the-ball infringement. Jonathan Davies scored Wales' second try 15 minutes from the end.
Jamaican Justin Gatlin won the 100m in 9.99, with France's Jimmy Vicaut third. Briton Chijindu Ujah finished eighth in 10.19. Dutch 2015 world champion Dafne Schippers beat Olympic champion Allyson Felix to win the 200m in 22.12.
Ghana accepted two Yemeni ex-detainees, Khalid al-Dhuby and Mahmoud Omar Bin Atef, to live in Ghana. The government has struggled to explain this decision. The pair said they do not belong to any terrorist group, and have been wrongly arrested for 14 years without any charge.
Senegal finished the match with 10 men after Cavin Diagne was sent off following a second bookable offence. South Africa and Guinea are already on their way home after being eliminated from the tournament. The result means the Senegalese join Zambia as the only African sides in the round of 16. Next up for Senegal is Mexico while Zambia will face Germany.
Four men carried out the assault at Altcar Park in the Galliagh area. It is believed that one of the gang had a handgun. They escaped in a small silver car. Police have appealed for information. The victim did not need hospital treatment, police said.
Carroll had scored two goals in his last four games for West Ham. The 27-year-old has been out for seven months with a knee injury. West Ham are fifth in the Premier League, a point behind fourth-placed Tottenham. Click here for more West Ham United news.
French Europe Minister Harlem Desir called the move "scandalous" He said it raised questions about the EU's conflict of interest rules. Ex-commissioners are free to take up a new role 18 months after leaving office. Mr Barroso has come under fire for ignoring the spirit of the rules.
McLaren driver Button says he does not want to race in F1 beyond this year. The 36-year-old Briton made his debut at the age of 20 in 2000. Sunday's race will be his 305th grand prix start, only Rubens Barrichello (322) and Michael Schumacher (306) have driven in more.
Howard suffered the injury in a collision with Posh striker Shaquile Coulthirst in Sunday's 1-0 defeat. The 30-year-old joined Bolton in the summer from Sheffield United and had started every league game so far. "To lose someone of his quality is a blow for us," says manager Phil Parkinson.
The unemployment rate was 4.9%, down from 5.5% a year earlier. The proportion of people in work hit a record high of 74.5%. The claimant count, including Jobseeker's Allowance, actually went up from the previous month by 2,400 to 771,000.
In the three months to June, there were 1,830 applications for children to be adopted. In the same period, the number of children placed in foster care was up by 1,000. The figures were released by the Adoption Board, which was set up to help families. The board said the increase was due to a change in the law.
The move is part of an acrimonious battle for control of the media empire. Independent director Frederic Salerno has contested the move. National Amusements has filed with a Delaware court to approve the changes. The health of 93-year-old Mr Redstone and his daughter Shari's influence over him have been questioned.
Players did not speak to the media before and after Friday's 2-0 friendly win over Romania in Falkirk. Scottish FA said in a statement that it was "disappointed they have chosen not to undertake their media responsibilities" Scotland's home-based players are being funded to go full-time as they prepare for next month's Euro 2017 finals in the Netherlands.
Remains of Kim Wall, 30, were found in shallows off the Danish island of Amager. She was last seen alive on 10 August as she departed on a trip with submarine inventor Peter Madsen. He initially said he had dropped her off safely near Copenhagen, but has since said she died in an accident and that he had "buried" her at sea.
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover Athletic beat Forest Green Rovers 4-3. Liam Noble gave the hosts the lead in the seventh minute. Rhys Murphy equalised for the hosts before Ross Lafayette scored. Christian Doidge looked to have rescued a point for the visitors. Miller completed his treble in the 85th minute.
Charlene Walker, 36, suffered a single stab wound at the Darlington home of Julie Gowling in December. The 44-year-old tried to cover up the killing and dispose of the weapon by burying it in a garden. Judge Mrs Justice Jefford told the mother-of-four she must serve a minimum of 14 years in prison.
CIA covert operations are by their very nature hard to prove definitively. But research into the agency's work has thrown up several cases where the agency tried to influence events. Most incidents came during the Cold War, when the US and the Soviet Union battled for influence across the continent.
The match was due to take place on Thursday but was rescheduled due to a frozen pitch at Stade des Alpes. Paul James comes in for Nicky Smith at loose-head prop and Dmitri Arhip is at tight-head for Ma'afu Fia. Wales hooker Scott Baldwin is undergoing a head injury assessment and is omitted from the Ospreys' line-up.
Highgate School considering mix-and-match outfits for pupils. School encouraged to allow unisex toilets and open all sports to all pupils. Girls can wear grey trousers, dark blue jackets and ties. But boys are not currently allowed to wear grey pleated skirts, although they would be under the new proposed dress code.
The Ardglass golfer is three shots off the lead held by American Peter Uihlein. Sharvin hit seven birdies but dropped three shots on par five holes. He made amends with a two at the par three 17th in Australia. The 23-year-old expressed delight at his impressive start.
A BBC Radio Berkshire reporter saw the 'pin' and posted an image on a BBC Facebook page. The roundabout is near Sonning-on-Thames, where a red letterbox 'appeared' on a bridge last year. One suggestion was that it's linked to whoever put a postbox on Sonning Bridge.
Some argue that Africans have never had so much artistic freedom. But critics say artists are still subject to tight censorship. So, just how free are Africa's artists - in film, literature and music- to tell their own stories? Here are some of their experiences. Tune in to the BBC World Service at 1900 GMT on March 1.
The site is believed to have been used as a place to store food. It is the first time the site has been exposed to the light of day. The site is expected to be fully operational by the end of the year. It will be used as part of a larger project to restore the site to its former glory.
Police said the woman was the only person in a northbound vehicle that collided with a car occupied by two adults and two children at about 10:50. The occupants of the car received treatment for non life-threatening injuries at the scene. Police said the identity of the woman would not be released until next of kin had been fully informed.
Aer Lingus regional flights to and from Edinburgh, Birmingham, Manchester and Bristol have been cancelled. There have also been some flight diversions from Dublin Airport to Belfast due to the weather. The airport is advising intending passengers to check with their airlines. The weather warnings are in place for the rest of the day.
The husband-and-wife duo overcame Indonesian pair Praveen Jordan and Debby Susanto 21-19 17-21 21-9. It was the Adcocks' fifth straight win over the world number four ranked pair. They will face China's Zheng Siwei and Chen Qingchen in Sunday's mixed doubles final.
The 26-year-old Samoan started his career with Manly Sea Eagles. He made six appearances for the NRL champions last season. He told the club website: "I'm ready now to take my game up to a new level and Castleford sounds perfect for me"
Lord West was giving evidence to the Commons Defence Committee. He was being questioned about problems with a Trident missile test last June. It is believed he was referring to an incident in Cardigan Bay in 1958 involving HMS Girdle Ness, when a missile crashed into a hillside. He said: "Years ago we had an aircraft missile called the Seaslug missile and we fired one into Wales"
Craig Stevens sold the pristine, unopened bounty hunter toy at auction house Vectis last month. The next batch of his galactic goods are expected to fetch between £28,000 to £40,000. The most highly valued item this time is a Palitoy FX-7 medical droid from The Empire Strikes Back.
Wales face Serbia in their final World Cup qualifier on Saturday. The two sides met in Cardiff in September 2012, with the hosts winning 6-1. Wales are currently top of Group D, two points clear of the Republic of Ireland. Gareth Bale is set to make his first appearance for his country since 2010.
The new policy will apply to the FBI, DEA and US Marshals Service. The change is in response to criticism that the old policy was unfair. The new policy does not apply to interviews conducted outside the U.S. It is hoped the change will reduce the number of cases that are lost.
The review will look at existing laws to see if they need to be updated. It will also look at whether there are any gaps in the current laws. The review is expected to last up to 12 months. The Scottish government says it will not repeal the act without a new one.
The Bible Society in Swindon has owned the book for almost 200 years. It was offered first refusal to buy the Codex Zacynthius in August. The book is believed to have been written in the seventh century. It is regarded as an important text in studying the development of the New Testament.
Ukrainian Prime Minister: "We will find all of them and bring them to justice" EU foreign ministers expected to extend sanctions against Russia on Monday. Russian parliament due to consider the proposal for Crimea to rejoin Russia on 21 March. But for anyone looking for compromise, the signs aren't good.
The commission is due to announce the final list of candidates on Thursday. The first round of voting is scheduled for 23 and 24 May, with a run-off in June. The new president is expected to be sworn in on 1 July. The election will be the first since President Hosni Mubarak was overthrown in February.
Powell led Derby to victory at Cardiff hours after his boss was removed from his role and be in charge at Reading on Saturday. While the club investigates Pearson's behaviour for unspecified reasons, contact between the manager and Rams staff is not allowed. Powell admits he does not know what will happen.
Preston, 21, scored seven goals for the Lions last season to retain their National League status following his move from Blackburn Rovers last summer. The ex-Rovers academy player also scored 12 goals while on loan to Ayr United in 2015-16. Preston: "It's a good opportunity for coming coming back to full-time football"
Malorie Bantala, 22, gave birth at 32 weeks to a stillborn boy following the assault. Kevin Wilson and a 17-year-old youth deny child destruction and causing grievous bodily harm. Mr Wilson told jurors he was "shocked and surprised" when he found out about the pregnancy.
Taylor rose to prominence in the game as a manager after retiring as a player with Lincoln City in 1972. He became manager and coach at the club, winning the Fourth Division title with them before moving to Watford in 1977. It was here, in tandem with his chairman Sir Elton John, that he produced arguably his finest work.
The Nikkei 225 ended up 1.5% at 19,312.79, leading the region's gains. In China, the Shanghai Composite closed 0.4% higher at 3,825.78. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index ended up 0.8% at 25,275.64.
College of Policing guidance is designed to help officers prosecute without relying on victims' evidence. It also advises senior officers about the need for specialist staff to deal with cases of abuse. A new domestic abuse offence of "coercive and controlling behaviour" within relationships is expected to come into force later this year.
The package includes a Â£250 Carer's Bonus for those looking after others for 35 hours a week or more. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon visited Wales to meet business leaders. Wales Green leader Pippa Bartolotti called for the legalisation of cannabis for medical use.
Fidel Castro has remained the same, a symbol of revolution, a communist who has survived the fall of communism. He has been condemned for intolerance, for keeping his people poor and for refusing to see the benefits of economic liberalisation. The American embargo on Cuba has been used by both sides - as a policy by the US to isolate Cuba.
Josh Vela fired Bolton in front from eight yards after Emile Heskey laid Dean Moxey's long throw into his path. Boro equalised when Jordan Rhodes drilled home from close range. Rhodes then headed in Middlesbrough's second stoppage-time winner this week from three yards.
The number of celebrity perfumes on the market has rocketed in the last decade. Jennifer Lopez's first fragrance, released in 2002, triggered a deluge of deodorants. The stigma around celebrity fragrances may have faded over the last few years. But now the sales are fading as well.
Christopher Meli, 20, was found dead near houses at Glasvey Close. Detectives said he had suffered a sustained and vicious assault. On Tuesday, three teenagers, two aged 18 and a 16-year-old youth, appeared in court charged with Mr Meli's murder.
Home Secretary Theresa May and French Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve will tour the Eurotunnel site and meet aid associations helping migrants. They will also discuss humanitarian support for migrants. The proposed deal is expected to include more security around the site where thousands of migrants are living and moves to tackle people trafficking.
The 26-year-old has won all five of her professional fights. She was ruled out of the 2014 Commonwealth Games after missing out on a place at the tournament in Glasgow. She will now fight for the vacant WBC International bantamweight title. The bout will take place at Wembley Stadium on Saturday.
Papers will go on public display at the University of Swansea. They show the poet working out rhythmic structures. They will be kept in the same room as the Dylan's Book of Poems. The poems will be on display until the end of May, when they will be auctioned off.
More than 30 performances will take place over the next four weeks. The roles of Pandora, Nigel and Barry are each being shared by three actors. The musical is being performed at the Curve theatre in Leicester. The show is being directed by David Walliams, who also wrote the book.
South Wales Fire and Rescue Service called to the Butetown tunnel. Woman taken to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales with unknown injuries. A4232 westbound tunnel remained closed after parts of it were damaged in the crash. Two crews from Cardiff Central, two from Ely and a crew from Penarth went to the scene.
Brian Reid has left Stranraer by mutual consent. The 46-year-old led the club to the Championship play-offs last season. Reid played for Greenock Morton, Rangers, Burnley and Queen of the South. He also managed Ayr United, Nuneaton Town and Global FC. The club take on Aberdeen in the Scottish Cup fourth round.
Councillor Aysegul Gurbuz has been suspended pending an investigation. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said anyone who makes anti-Semitic remarks is "auto-excluded from the party" Council spokesman: "While these comments appear to pre-date her time as councillor, the council is shocked by these comments"
Greece has formally submitted a request for a new loan from the International Monetary Fund. Greek officials had been expected to meet representatives of EU creditors in Athens on Friday. But a European Commission spokeswoman later said those representatives would arrive "in the coming days" The IMF wants Greece's debt burden to be reduced to a level it considers "sustainable"
Some of the men come from families with close links to the government. One has escaped from custody. The victim, Zouhoura, is the daughter of an opposition leader and was threatened with death if she spoke about the attack. A video of her rape sparked a wave of protests in Chad in February.
Norwich City Council's planning committee meets on Thursday. The proposals include 60 flats and 45 houses. In 2008, elderly residents were moved out of Greyhound Opening in Norwich. Senior council officers also moved in, in contravention of council policy. The council's head of strategic housing was later sacked over the affair.
NASUWT members in Derry City, Strabane, Mid Ulster, Fermanagh and Omagh council areas will strike on 31 January. In October, all teaching unions in Northern Ireland rejected an offer that would have seen their pay frozen last year and a rise of 1% for 2016-17.
Bill Cosby 77 was to have been streamed from 27 November. It is not clear when or if the special will now be shown. Netflix's announcement came shortly after Tuesday's airing of an interview with a model and TV host who claimed Cosby sexually assaulted her in 1982. Cosby's lawyer previously said the comedian would be making no comment.
News 24 presenter Jeremy Fernandez is the focus of a national conversation about racism. He was the victim of an ugly racist incident on a Sydney bus. He shared the story with his followers on Twitter, and it soon went viral. Mr Fernandez described it as his very own "Rosa Parks moment"
The Larsons were burgled in October 2005. One of the items was a watch given to them by the South Eastern Gas Board. It was returned to the family after a public appeal by the police. The Larsons say they are delighted to have the watch and other items back.
Sterling joined Liverpool from QPR in 2010 and is under contract until 2017. He has rejected the offer of a new £100,000-a-week deal. The 20-year-old has also been linked with Arsenal and Real Madrid. Liverpool turned down a bid of £25m, plus add-ons, from City.
Landowners on sporting estates stopped paying business rates in 1994. Scottish government had previously said the tax exemption was unfair and must end. It has proposed using the additional money raised to treble the Scottish Land Fund. But landowners have claimed re-introducing the rates could make some sporting estates unprofitable.
Nour is one of two sisters still trapped in IS-held Raqqa. She is now a refugee in Europe, where she met up with the BBC. This story is based on her experiences and those of her two sisters. Our 100 Women season showcases two weeks of inspirational stories.
Mills is Ebbsfleet's first signing since winning promotion from National League South in May. The 26-year-old scored 102 goals for Whitehawk after joining the club in 2012. He has previously had spells with clubs including Peterborough and Torquay. The length of the length of Mills' contract has not been disclosed.
Hamburg's new law is described as a temporary, emergency measure. Owners of empty commercial properties will be compensated. The law does not include residential properties. The authorities in Bremen, a city just west of Hamburg, are considering a similar law. Germany expects to host at least 800,000 asylum seekers this year - about four times the number it had last year.
Poysden and Mellor, both 25, have committed to the Bears until at least the end of the 2018 season after five Championship games each this summer. Warwickshire are still without a director of cricket following the departure of Dougie Brown in October. They have been strongly linked with a return to Edgbaston for former Bears boss Ashley Giles.
The Do Not Pay bot currently works in the UK and New York in the US. It asks a series of questions to determine the validity of a penalty notice. It can also be used to work out compensation for delayed flights. About 250,000 people have used the free service so far, said its creator.
The barrister turned politician led the Home Office at the time of the poll tax riots and the Strangeways prison disturbances in the spring of 1990. He entered Parliament in a by-election in the 1960s and served as chief whip and other roles under Margaret Thatcher. Prime Minister Theresa May paid tribute to his "long and distinguished career in public service"
Hospital bosses made changes last August in a bid to help ambulances reach the emergency unit more quickly at the University Hospital of Wales. The gridlock also led to people being late for appointments. A direct weekday park and ride service will be introduced in a further bid to keep traffic off site.
The scene was filmed in the middle of the night. The footage was edited to make it look as if it was shot in the daytime. The video was posted on YouTube and has been viewed more than 100,000 times. The film was made for the BBC's Newsnight programme, which airs at 8pm.
The Wainwright Society has chosen Fix the Fells as its main beneficiary. Up to Â£20,000 will be used to repair Long Stile between Ullswater and Haweswater. Next year is the 60th anniversary of the author's Far Eastern Fells book.
Millwall are now only outside the play-off places on goal difference while Shrewsbury remain in the relegation zone. Millwall broke the deadlock in the 35th minute when defender Byron Webster fired a shot on the turn from 15 yards into the bottom corner of the net. Shaun Hutchinson doubled their advantage in the 77th minute, turning in the loose ball from close range. Stephen Humphrys grabbed a late consolation when Shaun Whalley squeezed a shot past goalkeeper Tom King.
GoPro is cutting 15% of its workforce and closing its entertainment division. The move follows a series of drone crashes that made the company recall its much anticipated Karma aircraft. The company is being sued over claims it misled investors about demand for the product and took too long to alert the public to its power supply flaw.
Brady, now 75, and Myra Hindley tortured and murdered five children. He was jailed for three murders in 1966 and has been at Ashworth since 1985. He and Hindley later confessed to another two murders. He has been on a hunger strike since 1999, and appeared at the tribunal with his feeding tube.
The man died in Inverness on 27 October this year. Police Scotland said it was "fully engaging" with the investigation. The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner (Pirc) has been asked to scrutinise the initial police response to the man's call. A report on the commissioner's findings will be submitted to the COPFS in due course.
Reading team says current ice extent is a poor guide to the scale of the eventual September low point. A better correlation is with the fraction of the floes in May topped with melt ponds - and that metric suggests 2016 will not be a record year. The outlook has just been submitted to the Sea Ice Prediction Network.
Mitis Mulbah scores twice and Benjamin Sarkoh once as Liberians thrash Kabylie. Rayon Sports of Rwanda virtually assured of a last-32 place in Africa's second-tier club competition after beating newcomers Al Salam Wau of South Sudan 4-0 in Juba.
Mr Nagle is currently the chairman of the Dublin-based Sisk Group. Sisk is one of the largest privately owned companies in Ireland. The Newry firm had been run by its founder Lord Ballyedmond, until his death in a helicopter crash in March. He joined Sisk in 2005 as head of its non-construction trading activities.
Alexis Sanchez took advantage of Gary Cahill's error to race clear and lift a composed finish over Thibaut Courtois. Theo Walcott completed a brilliant move to steer in Hector Bellerin's pass three minutes later. Mesut Ozil then left N'Golo Kante trailing to expose Chelsea on the counter-attack and steer home Arsenal's third five minutes before the break.
White lions are very rare - their zoo keeper thinks there's only around 90 of them in existence. They are usually found in wildlife reserves in South Africa and a few zoos around the world. Check out the clip and see the newborns settling in... Click here to watch the video.
Midfielder Kirby, 23, has played more than 100 times for Rovers since 2012. Defender Gumbs and midfielder Duggan, both 20 and former academy players, have also signed one-year deals.Defenders Buxton, 25 and Ridehalgh, 26, have both signed contracts until the end of the 2018-19 season.
One of the two male officers has been discharged from the Princess Elizabeth Hospital. The Health and Safety Executive will carry out an independent investigation. Both officers sustained leg injuries in the incident on Thursday, it has been reported. The force is investigating what caused the injuries, a spokesman said.
The man, who is in his 50s, also sustained a suspected broken leg. Police said he was taken to hospital after a row on a garage forecourt. A short time later, another man and a woman were assaulted in licensed premises.Detectives have appealed for anyone who witnessed the attacks to contact police.
The tweet, which has since been deleted, read: "The Pride community is everybody, not just LGBTQ people" June is being celebrated as Pride Month around the world, with parades in Los Angeles, Athens, and Rome among others. The tweet was meant to promote Abercrombie's limited edition tie-up with The Trevor Project.
Barbara and Colin Sellins, from Southborough in Kent, spent Â£4,000. They have been told it is unlikely they will get back the money they spent. Kent Police are reviewing the case and enquiries are ongoing. The former management of Banham Funeral Services were contacted but declined to comment.
Ahmed Awad bin Mubarak was handed over to a delegation of tribal leaders. He was meant to be released as part of a deal agreed with President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi to end a violent stand-off in the capital, Sanaa. Mr Hadi and his government have since offered their resignations.
The project has been partly funded by American Football's professional league, the NFL. Researchers said the treatment specifically targets injured tissue. The research was published in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences after being tested on mice. It is estimated more than a million people in the UK are admitted to hospital as a result of a head injury every year.
The 30-year-old made 245 appearances for the Royals. He is the second goalkeeper to join the Cherries this week after Artur Boruc joined from Southampton on a one-year deal. He made his debut for Reading in a 1-1 draw with Cardiff in 2008.
The judge described the evidence against Colm Murphy and Seamus Daly as overwhelming. The action was taken by the victims' families, who have been awarded £1.6m damages. 29 people, including a woman pregnant with twins, were killed in the Real IRA attack on County Tyrone in August 1998.
British universities employ about 30,000 scientists from EU countries. Prof Ramakrishnan said uncertainty over their status was "really detrimental" Science Minister, Jo Johnson, said the UK would continue to attract the brightest and best to work in the country's universities. Leave campaigners have argued that many countries which are neither EU members nor have freedom of movement, receive European funding.
Campaigners and researchers looked at what impact a decade of smoke-free pubs, restaurants and other public places had on the adult population. They said second-hand smoke contains more than 4,000 chemical compounds. Of particular concern are the smallest particles, called PM2.5, which are invisible to the human eye but can linger in the air for hours.
Bayern Munich beat FC Rostov 5-0 in Champions League Group D. Thomas Muller, Joshua Kimmich, Juan Bernat and Saul Niguez on target. Atletico Madrid beat PSV 1-0 after Andres Guardado's penalty is saved. Arkadiusz Milik scores twice in nine minutes as Napoli beat Dynamo Kiev.
The hosts scored a brilliant first-half try and had the Scots under severe pressure at times after the interval. But from 16-9 down, four penalties from Greig Laidlaw saw the visitors home. Scotland assistant coach Jonathan Humphreys praised the impact of replacement front-rowers Gordon Reid, Fraser Brown and WP Nel.
The 37-year-old led the Robins to last season's Challenge Cup final. He replaces Australian Brian Smith, who resigned last week after winning just one of their first five games. Batley and Wales coach John Kear will join the club as director of rugby for the 2017 season.
Ch Insp David Pettigrew believes the cameras would act as a deterrent to disorder and vandalism. The 37-acre Victorian cemetery, east of the city centre, contains about 3,500 monuments and sculptures. Council said the implementation of cameras had been explored but the topography of the site made it difficult.
Police-recorded hate crimes have been rising - but that could be more victims coming forward because they have confidence police will take them seriously. Crime Survey for England and Wales suggests racism is slowly being pushed to the margins. But there's no doubt that genuine moments of extreme national or global tension are followed by spikes.
Plaid Cymru wants devolved Welsh government funded to the same level per head of population as the Scottish government. Party leader Leanne Wood said the four Westminster leaders offered "nothing more than further swingeing cuts" to voters. Ms Wood also pledged to create up to 50,000 jobs by awarding more public contracts to Welsh firms.
After EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation), the club recorded a loss of £142,659. Kent have also reported a strengthened balance sheet, with a net asset value of £7.7m - an improvement of just under £1.4m over the year.
Al-Qaryatain was taken over by IS in August. The town is about 50 miles west of Palmyra, the Syrian capital. The capture of the town would cut off IS supply routes to the east and west. It would also provide a base for government troops to attack IS-held areas.
Between them, the 66 state-school pupils will receive $17m (Â£12m) from US universities. The number of UK students in US universities has risen each year since tuition fees rose in England in 2012. US ambassador: "It's a chance to see each other in three dimensions, not in caricature"
The Last Sign is a short story written by 11-year-old Emily Wilson. The story is about a girl who loses her father. It will now be published in a book called The Last Sign. The book will be published by Simon & Schuster, priced £7.99.
Amarmandakh Sukhbaatar was performing in the country's capital Ulan Bator when the alleged attack took place. Russian news reports said he was hit over the head with a bottle and repeatedly kicked in the face. The Russian embassy said it was investigating, but called local press reports "distorted"
Roger Hamer died from head injuries, a month after the accident. Jury's narrative verdict found "inconsistencies" in the way Bury Council dealt with some road repairs. Mr Hamer's daughter Ruth Topping said: "I do not want my father to have died in vain"
Edward Davies, 39, from Hampshire, has not been in touch with his family or friends since Sunday 8 May. Extensive searches involving mountain rescue teams, search dogs, police and a helicopter have been made since he was reported missing. Mr Davies, an experienced hillwalker, had planned to climb Sgurr na h-Ulaidh.
The Spaniards win 22-19 with a try in the last seconds to seal the 12th and final spot for this summer's Rio Games. They join Fiji, South Africa, Great Britain, Australia, Argentina, France, Kenya, New Zealand, Japan and Brazil in the men's event.
Experts from Oxford Archaeology East and Cranfield University have spent five days recovering the plane. The plane crashed in Holme Fen during a 300mph (483km/h) training mission in November 1940, killing 20-year-old Pilot Officer Harold Penketh. Its parts will be preserved and put on public display.
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 26 May and 2 June. Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or via Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
Karen Gillan is best known for her role as Amy Pond in the BBC's Doctor Who. She is also starring as space pirate Nebula in 2014's Marvel movie, Guardians of the Galaxy. Gillan has also been busy writing and directing her own material. Her new film, Tupperware Party, is being made by a US-based film company.
A frozen corner at Stade Jean-Bouin meant the game began 95 minutes after the scheduled kick-off time. Waisea Nayacalevu and Julien Arias put the French side 17-5 up at the break with Mat Luamanu crossing for Quins. Craig Burden added a third Stade score before Marland Yarde and James Chisholm went over for late tries. Quins will be away to Ospreys in the last eight.
Dani Alves and Marko Pjaca score as Juventus beat FC Porto 2-0. Porto left-back Alex Telles sent off for two bookings in a 74-second spell. Juventus lead Serie A by seven points ahead of the return on 14 March.
Wales face Italy in the Six Nations opener in Rome on Sunday. Luke Charteris is ruled out with a hand injury. Alun Wyn Jones will partner Ball in the second row. Newport Gwent Dragons' Cory Hill will start on the bench for the match. Wales face England in Cardiff on February 14.
The 9m (30ft) tall red and blue statue, dubbed the ZiggyZag, was proposed for middle of Brixton, Bowie's birthplace. Campaign needed to raise £900,000 but had gathered £50,000 in pledges by its four-week deadline. Organisers still hope to create an "appropriate piece of public art"
Peter Bunyan, 53, pleaded guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility at Derby Crown Court. A witness saw him forcing entry into 84-year-old Brian Robson's house on 23 February. Police then found Mr Robson with fatal head injuries. Bunyan will be sentenced at a later date.
Paul Benson almost gave the Daggers an early lead but his header was well cleared off the line by Alex Whittle after nine minutes. Jon Parkin wasted a couple of chances for the Minstermen before Amari Morgan-Smith hit the crossbar with a header in first-half added time.
The X Factor's 13th series began in August with 8.5 million viewers. The Voice will move from the BBC to ITV next year, also on a three-year deal. ITV is currently negotiating with Ant and Dec to remain as hosts of Britain's Got Talent for the next three years.
Violence has broken out between England fans, rival supporters and police for the last three days in the port city. There were also clashes in the stadium following England's 1-1 Euro 2016 draw with Russia, after Russia fans appeared to rush at England supporters. Six people were reportedly injured, before order was restored.
Iraqi Army and volunteer militia entered town of Amerli on Sunday. Fifteen IS fighters are said to have been captured. UK, France and Australia joined the US in dropping humanitarian aid. Some 15,000 Shia Turkmen have been surrounded by IS militants for two months.
Securities and Exchange Commission says ICOs should be registered as securities sales. Follows a rise in the number of Initial Coin Offerings, or ICOs, through which crypto-currency start-ups have sought quick financial backing. More than $1bn has been raised so far this year in such transactions.
Welsh Lib Dems want to replace tuition fee subsidies of up to Â£5,190 a year with maintenance grants of Â £2,500. Ms Williams said she wanted to be "upfront" about what she thought was affordable. She said it had been a "terrible mistake" for the Lib Dems to make "a promise which we could not keep"
Olympic hopeful Kirsty Gilmour won her fourth consecutive women's doubles title. The 2011 world silver medallist and partner Robert Blair beat Martin Campbell and Julie MacPherson 21-11 21-16 to extend her record in the event. The second seeds beat top seeds and defending champions Campbell and Patrick MacHugh in a high-quality final. Matthew Carder won his first National title after two years as runner-up to Kieran Merrilees.
The new Manchester City striker headed the Elephants in front from a right-wing cross by Max Gradel. Hilal Soudani equalised for Algeria against the run of play early in the second half. Bony headed in Yaya Toure's free-kick and Junior Tallo set up Gervinho for a late third.
Set in Singapore during the year 2065, Call of Duty: Black Ops III begins with a mission where players must investigate the "mysterious disappearance" of a CIA station. Many social media users were unimpressed at the way things were playing out on Twitter, saying the scenario was in bad taste.
The tiny crustaceans are a naturally-occurring parasite. They are responsible for many losses to wild and farmed fish stocks. Glasgow University has developed a new protocol to breed resistant fish. The research could reduce the need for chemical treatments for sea lice in the future.
North Korea is the joint-most corrupt country in the world with Somalia, according to Transparency International. Sunday's elections are to decide provincial governors, mayors and local assemblies in the country of almost 25m people. The choice is limited - there is only one candidate on the ballot in each district, and the selection of candidates is made by the governing coalition.
The South East was conspicuous by its absence in George Osborne's Budget speech. He announced provisional agreement to allow Greater Manchester to keep 100% of the additional growth in local business. But there was very little to bring cheer to voters in the region. UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the the chancellor was in danger of increasing the north/south divide.
Andy Tennant retains his men's individual pursuit title. Matt Crampton and Katy Marchant win maiden titles in the men's keirin and women's individual sprint respectively. Double world champion Sophie Thornhill retains the mixed Para-cycling BVI standing start time trial.
The English rider crashed at this year's TT and the Fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems. Martin didn't race at the North West 200 after team-mate John McGuinness crashed in practice and he will not compete in next month's Ulster Grand Prix. "There's no unfinished business and I want to race classics and oddball stuff," he said.
The head of the National Armed Forces Strategic Operational Command, Gen Vladimir Padrino, said the police and the National Guard had "ended the curfew imposed by terrorists" The current wave of unrest started in San Cristobal on 4 February, when students took to the streets to protest against the alleged attempted rape of a university student. At least 39 people have died in incidents linked to the protests.
83% of social landlords, 81% of councils and 80% of tenant and resident groups said right to buy should be scrapped. The policy was introduced by the Thatcher government to make owning a home more affordable. Since its introduction, more than 500,000 homes have been sold in Scotland.
The gallery includes an interactive 3D digital city model. It is housed in the Broadway Malyan-designed Mann Island on the waterfront. Among the designs are Sir Charles Nicholson and Philip Webb's proposals for the Cathedral. The gallery is funded by the Heritage Lottery Fund and runs until 16 September.
Keith Stewart found that the loch goes to a depth of 889ft (270.9m) on sonar equipment. Official maximum depth on the current chart for Loch Ness is 754ft (229.8m) Maritime and Coastguard Agency said it has no plans to resurvey loch.
The renowned writer was born and educated in Kilmarnock. East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from the McIlvanney family to name the campus in his honour. The Â£45m facility will house primary and secondary schools, a Gaelic school and a childcare centre.
Linda Norgrove was killed by a US grenade during a failed rescue attempt. The 36-year-old had been working on humanitarian projects in Afghanistan. Colleagues told BBC Alba that her captors told her they did not intend to kill her. She was led to believe she was being held captive to secure the release of rebel prisoners.
The group were convicted of Tuesday of assaulting social worker and activist Ken Tsang as he took part in the 2014 pro-democracy rallies. TV cameras caught the officers removing Mr Tsang from the protest area to a nearby park and kicking and punching him as he lay on the ground. The incident, at the height of the protests, caused public outrage.
Felix Barrow sustained many broken bones and spent three weeks in a coma. His parents were told he might never walk again. But they said he has now exceeded all his doctors' expectations. The family has raised nearly Â£100,000 for services that saved his life.
Rafferty died peacefully at his home in Dorset, with his daughter Martha at his bedside. He had battled a drink problem and spent time in hospital in Bournemouth with liver failure. His career high came in the 1970s and included Baker Street and Stuck in the Middle with You.
Planning permission granted for new Â£16m aerospace museum. BBC reporter Charlotte Callen goes on board Concorde 216 or Alpha Foxtrot as it is also known. The museum will be built on the former Filton Airfield in London. The first flight of the new museum is expected to take place in 2015.
Forty workers have been made redundant at Nelson Packaging's factory in Lancashire. The 5p charge for bags was introduced in England in October and followed the introduction of charges in Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland. One worker said they believed the legislation had a "slight but not a massive impact" on the business.
The women had been legally married for a few months after one of them passed as a man in front of an Islamic cleric. But suspicious neighbours confronted the couple and reported them to police. Aceh, the only province in Indonesia that is allowed to implement Sharia law, has yet to adopt any provisions dealing with gay and lesbian people.
Six men were accused of conspiracy to defraud the Coal Authority, Neath Port Talbot, Bridgend, and Powys councils. But the case was dismissed and the judge said no law had been broken. The High Court made a judgement that the legal costs of the case should be paid.
McKinstry was sacked as head coach of Sierra Leone two months ago. He was offered a safe passage home in July, but refused it. Many of the players in the academy were from affected areas. He felt he had a duty of care not to send the young footballers into danger.
Host nation are one of eight countries competing in Glasgow to win promotion to the sport's top division. Scotland will face France, Portugal and Ukraine in Pool A, with the overall championship winners and runners-up elevated to the top tier. Captain Chris Grassick says the Scots head into the tournament buoyed by confidence, after narrowly missing out on a World Cup place.
The brothers' house-building business collapsed in 2008. They lost a long-running legal battle with the Ulster Bank in December 2015. Their creditors will vote on the IVA proposal next month. It would allow them to avoid bankruptcy and repay less than 1p for every pound they owe.
The Markit/CIPS manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index grew to 50.1 from 49.4 in April. The 50 mark separates manufacturing growth from contraction, with the sector now just on the positive side. More than a third of manufacturers surveyed believed uncertainty over the EU vote has had an impact on their business.
The undisclosed fee for the 20-year-old is more than the £175,000 paid for Birmingham City's Alan Buckley in 1979. Makris says he can't wait to score goals and celebrate with the fans. He has 10 caps for his country and has played in the World Cup.
Character actor Wallach began his film career in 1956 after 10 years on stage. His portrayal of bandit chief Calvera in The Magnificent Seven was regarded by many as his definitive role. His films included the classic westerns How the West Was Won and The Misfits.
Konta, seeded 13th, plays American Bethanie Mattek-Sands on the Grandstand court. Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Angelique Kerber also play on day one. Edmund, ranked 85th, opens play on court five against Richard Gasquet. Andy Murray is among six Britons scheduled for day two.
The warning was published after the start of the Jewish Sabbath. It said travellers should shun crowded areas like beach parties, clubs, and markets. It did not say what had prompted the warning. In 2012, the wife of an Israeli diplomat stationed in India was critically wounded in a car bomb attack.
GfK's confidence index fell by eight points to minus nine, a drop not since 1994. Less confident consumers tend to curb their spending, which accounts for two-thirds of the UK economy. Bank of England Governor Mark Carney has already warned the UK's economic outlook is "challenging"
Built in the 13th Century, the citadel overlooks Aleppo's Old City. It is part of a UN-listed World Heritage site. Government and rebel forces have been fighting for control of the city for over three years. More than 230,000 people are believed to have been killed in Syria since the uprising.
Researchers said severe droughts could trigger dieback of forests in the near-term. Efforts to curb deforestation needed to be accompanied by land management fires, they added. The findings appear in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences. The team established three plots in the south-east Amazon - one was burned annually, another was burned every three years.
Deborah Steel, 37, was last seen in the early hours of 28 December. Her disappearance was recently reclassified from a long-term missing person inquiry to a murder inquiry by officers. No further action will be taken against a 50-year-old and a 70- year-old, both from Ely.
The bodies were found by police and paramedics at a house in Shirebrook. A 20-year-old man has been arrested and remains in police custody. Police are investigating the cause of what they say are "suspicious" deaths. They have asked anyone with information to contact them.
The 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season and briefly last term. She has been studying at Rider University for the past four years. Howard graduated two weeks ago with a major in history and a minor in French."I'm incredibly excited to be back playing for my hometown club," she said.
Ibori was jailed in the UK for fraud totalling nearly £50m in 2012. He was due to be released on 20 December but instead was held in immigration detention. After he was released he launched his claim against the Home Secretary Amber Rudd for damages for false imprisonment and breach of his rights.
An invoice for £170 was sent to subscribers to the Scotland Supporters Club mailing list just after 09:00. The email - addressed "Dear Customer" - provided a link for payment, which was a disguised website address. The SFA said a third-party email database had been compromised and urged recipients to delete the email.
Davies set two new British bests in the mile and 5km event. Cardiff walker won the 5km at the British Championships in Birmingham. The 26-year-old will compete at the World Championships in London next month. Davies will now take part in a three-week altitude camp in Livigno, Italy.
Appleyard made his Test debut in 1954 and had match figures of 7-123 in a victory over Pakistan at Trent Bridge. He took 642 wickets at an average of 15.42 for Yorkshire, and 31 in nine Tests for England. Appleyard retired from playing in 1958 and went on to serve a two-year term as club president between 2006 and 2008.
Michelle Carter is charged with involuntary manslaughter for her role in the suicide of Conrad Roy III. Prosecutors allege Ms Carter drove the Massachusetts 18-year-old to his death to attract sympathy. She has asked a judge to rule on the case, rather than a jury of her peers.
Wales start their Six Nations campaign in Italy on 5 February. Warburton has led Wales a record 49 times since being handed the captaincy by Warren Gatland in 2011. The 28-year-old insists he is not disappointed and is free to concentrate on his position in the Wales back row.
A 25-year-old man is in a critical condition with knife wounds, police say. Four of the arrested men are suspected of violent disorder. The dead man has been named locally as Ikram Elahi. One witness claimed "about 200 to 300 lads" had gathered in the area.
Kulbhushan Jadhav was arrested in the restive Balochistan province and accused of "espionage and sabotage activities against Pakistan" Last month a top UN court told Pakistan not to execute him until it had time to hear a case brought by India. India dismissed the mercy petition and a "confessional video" by Mr Jadhv.
equal pay legislation was introduced in 1970. Women are still paid 24.6% less than their male counterparts in skilled trades. The Office of National Statistics says the gender pay gap still exists today. The gap is the same for men and women in the construction and manufacturing industries.
Tilbury Pioneer Academy in Essex had six full-time traffic wardens. But a Freedom of Information request reveals only one enforced the rules. The National Union of Teachers said it was the "wrong approach" The council said the trial would not continue because of the lack of staff.
Wigan lose 1-0 at home to fellow relegation candidates Bristol City on Saturday. Assistant manager Graham Barrow will take charge for the rest of the season. Former Bolton, Preston, Plymouth, Burnley and Hull City midfielder Joyce signed a three-and-a-half-year contract with Wigan.
Samuel Walker was fatally injured in a hit-and-run in Chorlton, Manchester. Joyrider Nawnee Mackin, 35, was jailed for nine years in November for causing death by dangerous driving. Car owner Craig Chevelleau, 33, jailed for 23 months after being convicted of perverting the course of justice.
Muguruza defeated Serena Williams to win her maiden Grand Slam title a year ago. Italian Schiavone won three games in a row to lead the second set but Muguruza fought back to win. Caroline Wozniacki had to fight hard to beat Australian Jaimee Fourlis.
Labour says it has a "robust system" to prevent "malicious applications" The Times reported 18 members of Left Unity, a left-wing party, had registered. Left Unity principal speaker Salman Shaheen said: "Left Unity is a party with many disaffected former Labour members"
At least 11 people died in Wednesday's 8.3-magnitude quake. Waves of 4.7m (15ft) hit the coastal town of Coquimbo, close to the epicentre. About one million people had to leave their homes after the quake struck.
Coventry's Highfield Road years are now regarded by many fans as the club's golden era. The ground was the first all-seater stadium in English football and was at the heart of Coventry life. The club's greatest achievement - a cup run which saw them beat Tottenham Hotspur in the 1987 FA Cup Final was the highlight of that era.
The 19-year-old has been with the Shakers since 2013 and scored two goals in 14 appearances last season. He has had previous loan spells with National League North side Stalybridge Celtic and Norway's Bergsoy IL. However, he can return to Gigg Lane if Bury use the clause in his contract.
True North: Keepin' Er Country took the main accolade in the factual entertainment category. BBC Radio Ulster's Saturday morning programme The John Toal Show won the best radio magazine show award. Lacrimosa, broadcast last summer, was a personal look at why presenter Proinsias O'Coinn found it difficult to cry.
Customers of UK banks who use the internet pay just as much for overdrafts and fees as everyone else. Lloyds boasts that is has 10 million customers who access its services via the internet. First Direct charges £83.05 to fund a £500 overdraft for a month, only marginally cheaper than HSBC.
The device was discovered by a passing police patrol near Holy Cross Boys' Primary School in Ardoyne in the early hours of Sunday morning. About 20 residents had to leave their homes during the security operation and were given shelter in a nearby community centre. Northern Ireland Secretary of State, James Brokenshire, said: "I am sickened by this"
Unconfirmed media reports say that Chinese troops have entered what India says is its territory near the disputed border. The army chief, General Dalbir Singh Suhag, has cancelled his Bhutan visit due to the tensions on the border. Abhinav Bindra, one of India's top Indian shooters, on Tuesday won two bronze medals in the ongoing Asian Games in Incheon, South Korea.
Staniforth, 23, made her Lady Black Cats debut aged 16. Canada international Sjoman, 28, has played in America, Germany and England. The pair have signed two-year deals with Carlton Fairweather's WSL 1 side. They will bring so much to our squad in terms of competition and quality," Fairweather said.
Qatar has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on new homes, a hospital and main roads in the Gaza Strip. It has pledged about $1bn (Â£780m) more. But as the regional crisis over Qatar escalates, Palestinians here fear the loss of their major donor and ally.
Proposed timetable changes could have seen four of six services being cut. CrossCountry said there would now be no changes to timetables from this December. Further discussion would take place on the future of the services, it said. It followed discussions with the Department for Transport and Transport Scotland.
US Secretary of State John Kerry tells Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi the US had "strong concerns" over recent developments. Last week, Chinese and Vietnamese ships clashed over the drilling rig that China has placed in waters near the disputed Paracel Islands. The issue has been rumbling in recent years amid an increasingly assertive stance from China.
The first meeting of the College of Cardinals took place in Rome on Monday. The election of a new Pope is expected to take place next week. The new pontiff will be the first since Pope Benedict XVI stepped down last week. He was accused of sexual abuse by a group of priests.
Russian Central Bank says total personal debt has risen to 1tn roubles. At least 10% of that amount cannot be recovered by the banks. By June, 12.5m of those loans had not been paid for at least a month. Few Russians have insurance for such contingencies.
The IMF said the mainland should reduce foreign exchange intervention. It predicted China's growth would stabilise at around 6% by 2017. China's economy grew by 7% in the first quarter of the year, a large figure by Western standards, but the lowest for the country since the financial crisis of 2009.
The boat is understood to have capsized in the Durris area, at Craiglug. The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service initially said one of the three - believed to be teenagers - made it ashore. The other two were stranded on an island in the river and were later rescued by boat.
Critics of BT say it has not invested enough in Openreach and want it sold. Ofcom's chief executive, Sharon White, is currently reviewing the company's provision of superfast broadband. She said one option was "the structural separation" of Openreach from BT. BT has always maintained splitting off the Openreach division would be a "mistake"
Niger is one of the biggest uranium producers in the world and the metal is the country's largest export. The scandal, known as "uranium-gate", resulted from a 2011 transaction between French nuclear giant Areva and companies both in Niger and abroad. There is also a French investigation into some of Areva's business dealings, with aspects related to this deal.
Among the dead is a family of four killed in a fire started by lightning, officials say. Thousands of people have been left homeless. The storm comes two weeks after the region declared a drought disaster. President Jacob Zuma has cancelled a trip to Cape Town to open the World News Media Congress.
The train was carrying a flammable, toxic substance called acrylonitrile. It came off the rails near Maryville, just outside Knoxville, Tennessee. Firefighters evacuated people within a two-mile radius of the fire to prevent them breathing in the poisonous fumes. Seven officers were hospitalised because of the fumes.
The 25-year-old won her first able-bodied national title at the Commonwealths. But she will not switch from her favoured compound bow to the recurve. ArcheryGB head Michael Peart says it would take years of training to make the switch.
Mark Davey, 33, from Luton, died from severe head and brain injuries. His Audi hit a roundabout on the A6 at Wixams, Bedfordshire, last September. The driver of the Porsche he was seen racing against, who failed to stop, has never been traced.
The 48-year-old was expected to be charged with about 11 offences. Police said the man was known to the occupants of the house. A woman and her two daughters escaped moments before it was knocked down. The driver is being questioned at Charlestown police station.
Williams driver Felipe Massa suffered two left-rear wheel failures and Renault's Kevin Magnussen a suspected broken left rear suspension. The session was stopped for 30 minutes as officials launched an investigation and cleared the track of debris. Rosberg supplanted early pace-setter Hamilton at the top of the times with a lap of one minute 38.037 seconds.
Cory Allen, Steven Shingler and Blaine Scully score tries for Cardiff Blues. Daniel Ramsey and Pierre Dupouy score consolation tries for Pau. Blues will face Bath twice in December, with both teams unbeaten going into the first of those games in Cardiff on 10 December. Cardiff Blues coach Danny Wilson says his side played really well.
More than 1,000 children in Shropshire were left without their parents' remains. The children were born in the 1970s and 1980s, but their remains have never been found. They were left in the care of their parents, who died in the 1980s and 1990s.
Prime Minister David Cameron writes to the European Council. He says the UK wants the European Union to succeed and prosper. The Government wants to give citizens and businesses as much certainty as possible, he says. Downing Street says it will publish a White Paper on the issue tomorrow.
The Northern Ireland Executive has set up a £15-20m fund to try to find an answer. At the moment, much of the waste is spread as fertiliser on fields. But it is rich in nitrogen and phosphorous which can run off into rivers and lakes and damage them.
Head of a Young Woman (1906) is worth more than Â£17m (25m euros) It was declared a "historical asset of exceptional importance" by the Spanish National Court. An attempt to export the painting to Switzerland on Thursday "drew the attention of French officials"
The British Cycling team is preparing for the 2014 Tour de France. The team has been preparing for it for more than a year. They are preparing for a race against France in Rio de Janeiro in April 2014. The race will be the first time the team has raced without the support of the British Olympic team.
Sunni Muslim Tanveer Ahmed, 32, stabbed Asad Shah, 40, to death in Glasgow. Mr Shah was an Ahmadi, a minority sect not recognised by all Muslims. Ahmed said he killed Mr Shah because he had posted videos online in which he claimed to be a prophet.
YouGov poll puts "Yes" campaign ahead by 51% to 49%, excluding the don't knows. One-off, yes or no elections present peculiar difficulties for pollsters. Most bookmakers are offering about 2-1 against a yes vote and about 4-11 on a no vote.
Jamie Peacock, Kevin Sinfield and Kylie Leuluai ended their rugby league playing careers with the 22-20 win over Wigan Warriors at Old Trafford. Leeds coach Brian McDermott said: "Everybody wanted to tip in, that was the difference" Sinfield, the longest serving of the trio, said it was an emotion-charged send-off.
The 24-year-old had signed to play for Somerset in the second half of the T20 Blast. He will miss New Zealand's remaining one-day internationals in England. Anderson was hurt during the first Test defeat by England at Lord's last month. The all-rounder had been receiving treatment from the New Zealand medical staff.
The government and the doctors' union have agreed to continue negotiating until Wednesday. The talks, hosted by conciliation service Acas, are seen as the last chance for the two sides to agree a deal. It comes after the government announced in February it would be imposing the contract from this summer.
The move was agreed when Pakistani army chief Raheel Sharif visited Kabul. Security co-operation between the two countries is seen as crucial in countering the growing Taliban threat. Afghanistan will host discussions next week with Pakistan, the US and China to prepare the ground for possible Afghan peace talks involving the Taliban.
Moises Henriques hit 18 runs as the Sixers scored 22 in their extra over. Brendon McCullum had earlier scored 46 as the Heat compiled 167-9. Ben Dwarshuis had to score two runs off the final ball to tie the game. The Sixers will play the Scorchers in the final at the Waca in Perth.
A first-half own goal from Diego Reyes was followed by Saul Niguez's acrobatic volley and Antoine Griezmann's penalty. Barca can restore their eight-point advantage and set a Spanish football record of 35 games unbeaten if they win at Rayo Vallecano on Thursday.
All eight carriages of a train carrying more than 100 people derailed in Spain. The cause of the accident has not yet been determined. The train was travelling at more than twice the speed of sound when it derailed. The driver was not on the phone at the time of the incident.
The final song played at the service was "One Last Time" by Elton John. The song is a tribute to the victims of the Manchester bombing. The service was held in memory of the victims who were killed in the attack. The funeral was held at St Paul's Church in Manchester, where the service began.
Yorkshire beat Diamonds by six wickets at The Oval. Alex Hartley took two wickets in the first over of the match. Natalie Sciver took the other wicket in the final over to seal victory. The win was the second for the hosts in two games.
Greece international Petsos becomes Fulham's first signing of the January transfer window. The 25-year-old has made three appearances since joining the German Bundesliga side on a three-year deal last summer. Stephen Humphrys has extended his contract at Craven Cottage until the summer of 2019.
Chinese shares saw the biggest falls in the region with the Shanghai Composite closing down 2.8% at 4,112.21. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was down 1.3% at 27,289.97 - falling for the sixth day. Several companies on the mainland have announced share offerings through the week, leading investors to pull funds from other stocks.
Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues 23-20 at Kingholm in the European Cup. Alex Cuthbert and Ross Moriarty scored tries for the hosts. Jonny May, Tom Marshall, Mark Atkinson and Henry Purdy crossed for Gloucester. Gareth Anscombe kicked a drop-goal to give the hosts the lead.
The hole opened up in Grays, Essex, on Wednesday afternoon. The owner of the lorry said he could lose up to Â£20,000 if the vehicle cannot be moved easily. National Grid is working to decommission a section of gas main where the sinkhole had caused a leak.
BBC Sport tells the story of how a forward-thinking contraception company led to an F1 blackout. Almost the entire season - including the British Grand Prix - was not broadcast on television in the UK because one of the cars was sponsored by a condom manufacturer. The season was so dramatic it inspired director Ron Howard to make the 2013 film Rush.
The accident happened shortly before 22:00 GMT on the New Lodge Road. The man's condition was initially described as serious, but police have said he is now critical but stable in the Royal Victoria Hospital. Another car was struck by the green Ford Focus as it left the scene.
Hibs controlled much of the opening half, but fell behind to Michael Gardyne's goal. Liam Fontaine redeemed himself, scoring Hibs' equaliser just before half-time. However, it was the defender's poor clearance that allowed Schalk to score the winning goal at the death.
Two dogs treated for symptoms of poisoning in Fordham Heath, Colchester. RSPCA investigating whether anything toxic had been accidentally or deliberately left in the area near the cricket club. Owners should contact their vet immediately if their pet shows signs of poisoning. Eight Ash Green Cricket Club says it does not use chemicals that will prove harmful to animals.
Wales beat France 19-10 in their Six Nations opener on Friday. The victory was Wales' seventh consecutive Six Nations match without defeat. Captain Sam Warburton admits the win was not the most exciting. Wales travel to face unbeaten England at Twickenham on 12 March.
Roedd Jason Cooper wedi bod o flaen llys o'r blaen ar gyhuddiad o geisio llofruddio Laura Jayne Stuart, ond clywodd y llys ddydd Gwener bod Ms Stuart wedi marw.Ymddangosodd Mr Cooper, 27, ar gyswllt fideo o garchar Altcourse yn Lerpwl.
Researchers from the UK universities of Lancaster and Manchester built tiny, layered metallic structures in the lab. They incorporated "design flaws" that were unique to the item. They could be used as the basis of a robust system for authenticating hardware and software, say the researchers.
AAH Pharmaceuticals was broken in to during the early hours of Monday morning. A small number of tablets, believed to be linked to the burglary, were later found in nearby Orby Close. Police have advised the public to only use medicine from healthcare professionals. The Health and Social Care Board said "there is always the potential for drugs such as benzodiazepines to be misused or abused"
Stuart Broad took five wickets in a single spell for the seventh time. England beat South Africa on the same evening for the first time. Broad is just one of a number of players who can turn a Test for England. England are a team on the up and one I fancied to beat the Proteas.
The 23-year-old won the 10,000m race by 17 seconds. It was only her second time running the distance. She is now preparing for the Olympics in Rio de Janeiro in 2016. She has been training in Andorra with her fiancee, Dan Martin.
Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen is the alleged mastermind of Turkey's failed coup. He has broken his customary seclusion to give rare interviews defending himself. He advocates a Sufi-based Islam of tolerance that emphasises education and business. Critics view this style of leadership as a threat, saying he wields unelected political influence.
Placido Carvalho, 49, and Samson D'Souza, 37, were acquitted in 2016. The men denied charges of culpable homicide, grievous sexual assault, destroying evidence, assault with criminal force with intent to outrage a woman's modesty. A hearing is scheduled for Monday and a notice will be sent to the accused.
Dundee United are in danger of being relegated from the Scottish Premiership. The club's fans are desperate for their side to win their final game of the season on Monday. But the club is in a state of disarray and the fans are fed up of waiting for a miracle.
Brittany Carter, 23, is accused of performing a sex act on the driver. Corey Jackson, 20, allegedly held a knife to his throat. Police said the pair then stole $32 (Â£26) from the victim. Ms Carter faces first-degree felony rape and aggravated robbery charges.
Craig Church died after falling down several flights of stairs in his apartment block. He had been working as an English language teacher at a primary school in Rui'an for the past two years. His sister, Carrie Church, said he was a "fun-loving man" He was the best brother, son and friend, she said.
Gregor Smith was taken up and down Scotland's west coast in a friend's boat. He also made several long drives north to Caithness, Sutherland and Wester Ross. The collection, Far Shore, is being exhibited at Glasgow's Compass Gallery. He said: "There are advantages to working from a boat, as it opens up so many more vistas and viewpoints"
Dougie Fife crossed for the game's only try to put the Scots within a point. The French reclaimed the initiative in the second half, and Lopez's accuracy with the boot saw them home. Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw and Lopez then traded penalties in an opening period of furious intensity and ferocious defending.
More than 110 members of the Unite union, based in Weymouth and Bridport, are set to walk out from 04:00 on Monday until 03:59 BST on Saturday. Unite said it is angry at a 2.3% pay offer from First Group.
The Ballymena factory in Northern Ireland is set to close. The decision was made by the Northern Ireland Office and the Department for Work and Pensions. The closure is expected to be complete by the end of the year. The move is seen as a blow to the local economy.
Kuwait, Luxembourg, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and the UK lead the list of those donating sufficient money. UK's £149m to the appeals it has highlighted is more than one-and-a-half-times what could be expected. New Zealand has committed just 1% of what it should, Oxfam said.
Leonardo DiCaprio wins best actor in a drama for The Revenant. Alejandro G Inarritu wins best director for his direction of The Martian. Kate Winslet wins best supporting actress for her role in Steve Jobs. BBC's adaptation of Wolf Hall named best mini-series.
Atletico Madrid beat Barcelona 1-0 to reach the Champions League semi-finals. Diego Simeone's side are now six points clear at the top of La Liga. Atletico's success is down to hard work and humility, not money, says Sportsmail's Martin Samuel.
Guide and assistance dogs are the only animals allowed on EasyJet flights. Joey mainly flies between London Luton and Paphos in Cyprus. Owner Jan Gibson, from Swindon, said: "The crew and passengers often fuss over Joey and take photos as it's not often you get to see a dog on a plane"
Hawaii's attorney general calls the new directive "Muslim Ban 2.0" The directive places a 90-day ban on people from six mainly Muslim nations. It also places a 120-year ban on all refugees. The previous order, which was blocked by a federal court, sparked confusion.
It is unlikely that there would be a second in-out referendum, not least because there is little evidence it would have a different result. The UK could negotiate a trade deal with the EU that did not include freedom of movement, but it would be unlikely to provide the same access to the single market.
Claims against professors Nigel and Niall Piercy came to light during a staff forum set up by the university. Staff claimed to have been publicly humiliated, verbally and physically intimidated, and "told to leave if they didn't like it" BBC Wales has previously spoken to past and present members of the school's teaching staff who questioned why the university's senior management team had not stepped in.
Eddie Jones has named his England squad for the Autumn Internationals. Northampton flanker Tom Youngs is the only player to be left out of the squad. England face South Africa, New Zealand and Australia in the Autumn internationals, starting on November 14. The squad will be announced on Monday.
Cotton, 22, has played 17 first-class matches since his debut in 2014. Taylor, 21, was ruled out for the season with a back injury. Derbyshire are bottom of Division Two, having failed to win any of their Championship matches this season.
Mrs Dewani, 28, died after the car she was travelling in with her husband, Shrien, 31, was hijacked in Cape Town. South African authorities have applied to have Mr Dewani extradited over claims he was involved in her murder. Taxi driver Zola Tongo from Bothasig, Cape Town, has been jailed for 18 years.
A copy of the 1916 Rising's proclamation has been released. The document was part of a collection of memorabilia from the Rising. It was released to mark the 100th anniversary of the Rising's start. The proclamation was signed by seven of the seven original signatories of the proclamation.
Dollar Financial UK agreed the compensation after a review by the FCA. The company apologised to those who "suffered difficulties" It is the third-biggest repayment by a payday lender in recent years. Comes after Wonga and Cash Genie-led investigations by the regulator.
Folk singer Mitchell has been undergoing treatment since she was found unconscious in her home in March. In a Facebook posting, Collins claimed "a close mutual friend" said Mitchell "is walking, talking, painting some, doing much rehab every day" In June, singer David Crosby - who dated Mitchell in 1967 - said she was not speaking.
The 20mph limit will eventually cover 80% of the capital's roads. The scheme is designed to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle. Phase one of the Â£2.2m project covers much of the city centre. Despite the change, speed limits will remain at 30 or 40mph.
NHS Tayside had the highest number followed by NHS Lanarkshire. More than 560,000 people missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in 2014/15. Each missed appointment is thought to cost the NHS Â£120, putting the total cost to the health service at  £100m.
Carolyn McCall joined the budget airline from Guardian Media Group in 2010. Veronique Laury was considered a surprise choice to head the home improvement chain when she took over from Ian Cheshire in December 2014. Liv Garfield was just 38 when she became chief executive of the water firm Severn Trent in 2014.
Rural roads around the event were congested on the first day. Up to 80,000 people are expected to attend the three-day event. First Minister Peter Robinson said he hoped any problems with access would be overcome. He said getting the infrastructure sorted had been a priority for the event.
Claimants alleged they suffered harm while being held on PNG's Manus Island. The government said it "strongly denied" the allegations but that settling was a "prudent" decision. Australia turns away any refugees and asylum seekers arriving by boat and sends them to PNG and Nauru.
Roger Dodds, now 81, was sentenced to 16 years in prison for abusing male colleagues and students. Sheffield City Council allowed Dodds to retire with full pension in 1993, despite widespread knowledge among staff of his conduct. The authority has said it was "deeply sorry" and accepted responsibility.
Fawley Power Station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation. The chimney would be the tallest such structure south of London's Shard. It would be at the centre of a £1bn development, including housing and fast ferry links. An application for outline planning permission is due later this year.
The Scot, 26, stopped Joubert in the sixth round - a ninth win out of nine. The 2014 Glasgow Commonwealth Games gold medallist has previously stated his ambition to fight fellow Scot and WBA super-lightweight champion Ricky Burns. Taylor's promoter, former world champion Barry McGuigan, said: "We'd love that fight"
Burnley Empire Theatre defaulted to the care of the Duchy of Lancaster. Last used as a bingo hall in 1995, venue was recently named the fifth most at risk theatre in the UK. Campaigners who want to restore the building to its former glory said the decision was a blow to their plans.
In Catholicism, abortion is viewed as such a grave sin that it warrants automatic excommunication. In most countries, only a bishop can approve forgiveness for abortion. The change is only for the coming Jubilee Year, beginning in December. The easing of the rules is being seen as a shift in Catholic Church policy.
Dinesh and Tarakeshwari Rathod said last year that they had reached the summit. But police in Maharashtra state on Monday confirmed the couple had "morphed photographs" The inquiry was launched after the pair's claims were queried by climbers. It's not clear if the couple will also face charges.
Manchester City drew 2-2 with Burnley at the Etihad Stadium. George Boyd and Ashley Barnes scored for the visitors. David Silva and Fernandinho had given City the lead in the first half. Manuel Pellegrini's side remain top of the Premier League.
Firefighters were called to a blaze in Kilmaurs Road at 23:40 on Saturday. Catherine Kelly, a local resident, was pronounced dead at the scene. A 41-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries. Police said the fire was a "targeted and deliberate act"
In the last quarter of 2013, sales in the U.S. increased by 1%. In China, sales increased by 2%. In Europe, sales rose by 1.5%. In the UK, sales were up by 2.4%. In Australia, sales grew by 1% in the last three months of the year.
Porsche have won the last four races of the Formula One season. Mark Webber and team-mates Timo Bernhard and Brendon Hartley need a fourth-place finish or better in the 6 Hours of Bahrain on Saturday. The 39-year-old admits he never expected to be in contention so quickly at this stage of his F1 return.
The Prime Minister is to hold a summit on the crisis in Syria. David Cameron says the UK needs to do more to help refugees. He says the crisis is not just a political issue, it is a humanitarian one. The UK needs more help from the rest of the world, he says.
Cwm Taf Health Board and Macmillan Cancer Support are seeking planning permission at the Llantrisant site. The charity will pay £5m towards the unit. It would provide inpatient, outpatient and day palliative care for incurable cancer and other conditions.
Tomer Hemed scores twice as Brighton beat Bristol City 4-0. Jamie Murphy and Sam Baldock also on target for Chris Hughton's side. Bristol City's Kieran Agard hit the crossbar with a late penalty. Seagulls move up to fourth in the Premier League table.
Hywel Dda director of operations Joe Teape said all hospitals were full following a busy bank holiday weekend. He said there were a high number of patients who needed to be admitted which put pressure on impatient beds. Mr Teape thanked staff for "working tirelessly" and asked people to "bear with them at this busy time"
Libor - or London inter-bank offered rate - is used by banks to set the cost of lending money to each other. New York attorney-general said government bodies and not-for-profit organisations had been defrauded of millions of dollars. The Libor scandal has already cost Barclays $453m.
Ryan Totten, 7, and Ian McKinley, 21, were barred from playing rugby in Ireland because of eyesight problems. The Irish Rugby Football Union banned players of all ages from wearing eyewear of any kind during play. The IRFU has agreed to register to participate in an ongoing World Rugby goggles trial.
European Professional Club Rugby announced the decision in Geneva. France will host the 2016 finals, with both being played at the new Grand Stade de Lyon over one weekend. Edinburgh will also provide the venue for the European Challenge Cup the same year. The host stadium has yet to be chosen for that event.
Callum Pritchard-Ellis, James Ballie, Callum Saunders, James Jones, Fraser Murdock and Perry Ng have all been offered senior deals. Three under-16s have also signed first-year scholar contracts. Crewe will now play Queens Park Rangers in the final at Loftus Road.
Chiefs extend unbeaten league run to 16 matches. Last-gasp victory gained revenge for Exeter, who lost out to Saracens in their first Premiership final 12 months ago. Chiefs have gradually built a side greater than the sum of its parts. Exeter have established themselves as a force in the domestic game.
NHS Digital asks staff to take a quiz to verify they are not a robot. Google says its systems are designed to spot unusual traffic. The NHS is one of the biggest employers in the world with more than a million staff. The BBC understands Google is not deliberately singling out NHS traffic.
Real Madrid beat Kashima Antlers 4-2 in the Club World Cup final in Yokohama. Karim Benzema put Real ahead in the ninth minute. Cristiano Ronaldo levelled from the penalty spot on the hour mark. Gaku Shibasaki scored either side of half-time to put Kashima in front. Ronaldo completed his hat-trick seven minutes later.
Police have been searching the site in Milton, Cambridgeshire, for five weeks. Mr Mckeague's father Martin said it was "breathtaking" to see how much waste officers have combed through. He has been to the site five times and is staying in a nearby campsite with his wife.
Labour pledged to give working parents 30 hours free childcare a week for 48 weeks of the year. The Welsh Government said it was currently analysing the likely costs.Economist Gillian Paull told BBC Wales the "upper limit" could reach £200m if "nearly all" parents took up the offer.
The footage was recorded last month in Washington DC. It will air on the British star's Late, Late Show in the US on Wednesday. Other stars who have appeared on Carpool Karaoke include Adele, Sir Elton John and Stevie Wonder. The clip, posted on YouTube, shows Corden arriving at the White House.
Jane Austen's House Museum, in Chawton, Hampshire, is hosting a Pride And Prejudice exhibition. Visitors can view a rarely seen letter in which Austen says the novel is "my own darling child" The museum will also stage a contemporary art exhibition of works inspired by the novel.
Wigan Warriors beat Catalans Dragons 21-16 at the DW Stadium. Ben Flower was sent off in the first half for an elbow on Declan Patton. Josh Charnley, Lewis Tierney and Anthony Gelling scored tries for Wigan. Warrington travel to second-placed Hull FC in the League Leaders' Shield.
India captain Virat Kohli, 28, was named leading cricketer in the world. Australia's Ellyse Perry, 26, was the world's leading women's player. Pakistan's 42-year-old Test captain Misbah-ul-Haq and Younis Khan complete the list.
Crash involved a red Mercedes A180 and a blue Vauxhall Corsa. Three girls, aged 10, eight and five, and two five-year-old boys were taken to hospital. Women aged 36, 19 and 18 were also injured in the collision on Wentedge Road, near Kirk Smeaton.
Norma Diffley, who ran a boutique in Donaghadee, died in the accident. The 33-year-old man is being questioned on suspicion of dangerous driving causing death. He was arrested on Tuesday and is due to appear in court on Wednesday. The accident happened on the A2 dual carriageway between Bangor and Holywood.
Forfar Athletic beaten 3-1 at home by Welsh champions TNS. Stuart Malcolm and Robbie Parry scored the goals for the hosts. Stuart Draper scored a hat-trick for the home side. Forfar had won their previous nine games in all competitions. TNS had started the season in the Champions League qualifiers.
Plaid Cymru said the programme was "lacklustre", while the Conservatives said Labour had let Wales down. The most expensive commitments cover 30 hours of free childcare a week over 48 weeks for parents of three and four-year-olds. Carwyn Jones said: "There are going to be cuts... I'm not going to pretend otherwise"
Michael Sean Carson, known as "Kit", detained on suspicion of indecency with children and indecent assault. He has worked for clubs including Peterborough United, Cambridge United and Norwich City. Police working with Football Association, local children's safeguarding boards and councils as part of their county-wide investigations.
Children's author Aileen Paterson is awarded an MBE for services to children's literature. Motor neurone disease campaigner Gordon Aikman is awarded the British Empire Medal. John Muir, who led demands for tougher sentences for knife crime after his son Damian was stabbed to death in the centre of Greenock in 2007, is given an OBE.
Number of nursing homes in England fell from 4,697 to 4,633. Number of beds reduced from 224,674 to 224,026, reversing the increase seen over the previous five years. 73 homes cancelled the element of their registration that is required to operate as a nursing home in the first half of 2016.
The 35-year-old schoolteacher told the court that her digestive system sometimes converts food into alcohol. Her doctor conducted tests that found that high levels of yeast in her intestines ferment high-carbohydrate foods. The woman was arrested near Buffalo in October 2014 after police said she was driving erratically.
Mutation in a human-specific gene gave it a function that allows expansion of the relevant stem cells that make a brain big, says Dr Wieland Huttner of the Max Planck Institute of Molecular Cell Biology and Genetics in Dresden, Germany. The mutation was also present in our evolutionary "cousins" - the Neanderthals and Denisovans.
Tottenham have confirmed the signing of Valencia striker Roberto Soldado. The 28-year-old has signed a four-year contract after passing a medical. Soldado helped Spain reach the final of the Confederations Cup last month. He was an unused substitute in the final as Spain lost 3-0 to hosts Brazil.
Staff at Northumberland, Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust ordered pizza. But they were dismayed when the phrase appeared on the delivery instructions. NTW said staff were "greatly distressed" and have written to the pizza shop. The trust has removed the takeaway from its list of approved suppliers.
Most of the funding will be spent in Conwy, Denbighshire, Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire. Natural Resources Minister Alun Davies had already promised £3m to pay for emergency repairs. Councils have been left counting the cost with total bills running into millions of pounds.
Voting for the BBC Women's Footballer of the Year 2015 closes on 11 May. The winner will be announced on BBC World Service on 26 May. Spain's Veronica Boquete, Germany's Nadine Kessler and Scotland's Kim Little are on the shortlist.
Huddersfield Giants beat Leigh Centurions 20-6 in Super League. Lee Gaskell, Ukuma Ta'ai, Josh Drinkwater, Leroy Cudjoe and Danny Brough scored tries for the hosts. The result confirms the make up of the Super 8s and Qualifiers. Leigh need to beat Salford next week and hope Widnes fail to beat Warrington.
More than 80,000 people were in Croke Park for the homecoming show to mark 30 years since The Joshua Tree album. Bono likened the gathering to "a big Irish wedding" and lent his support for the Irish bid to host the Rugby World Cup. U2 ended their set with The Little Things You Give Away, from the band's forthcoming album Songs of Experience.
Wales beat Moldova 4-0 in opening Euro 2016 qualifier. Gareth Bale scores twice and Sam Vokes and Joe Allen also on target. Wales top Group D on goal difference ahead of Austria. Chris Coleman's side face Austria in Vienna on 6 October. Wales have not qualified for a World Cup since 1958.
The weather service said flooding could happen in the east after heavy rains set in on Thursday. amber warning has been issued for counties Antrim, Armagh, Down and Londonderry. Foyle Road in Derry was closed between Craigavon Bridge and John Street roundabout.
The video shows three men and three unveiled women dancing to the song on the streets and rooftops of Tehran. Police chief Hossein Sajedinia said the "vulgar clip" had "hurt public chastity" The young people in the video are students, film-makers and photographers.
Natalia Wilkanowska, 50, disappeared in 2003 after travelling to visit her ex-husband Gerald Doherty in Luton. Her body was found in December 2015, Luton Crown Court was told. Mr Doherty's brothers, Joseph and Daniel, are on trial accused of helping conceal her remains and lying to police.
A judge at the High Court in London ruled in favour of environmental lawyers ClientEarth. The group called air pollution a "public health crisis" and said the government has failed to tackle it. The Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs (Defra) said it accepted the court's judgment.
Alsop has been the music director of Baltimore Symphony Orchestra since 2007. She has also been principal conductor of Brazil's Sao Paulo Symphony Orchestra. The day after conducting Britain's best-loved musical extravaganza, Alsop spoke to the BBC about the Proms, patriotism, and those pink balloons.
The victim was abused for more than 10 years, bearing two children. The father denied all charges, claiming his daughter had extramarital relationships with other men. The judge suspended the trial, asking for DNA samples of the accused, the victim and her daughter. DNA evidence is very rare in Afghan court cases, making this highly unusual.
Pilot's camera was pushed into the aircraft's control stick as he moved his seat. He was handed a four-month suspended prison sentence. The incident led to the grounding of six Voyager aircraft for 13 days. Up to 48 personnel were left unfit for duty and the co-pilot suffered fractures.
IS has not had an official presence on Twitter since July 2014, when its last branded accounts were shut down. It then experimented with a series of less well-known social media platforms, such as the privacy-focused Diaspora as well as VKontakte. But IS was soon kicked off those platforms too. Since then, IS propaganda has started appearing first via Telegram.
Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has announced a series of reforms. Senior posts will no longer be based on sectarian or party quotas. Officials' benefits will also be reduced as part of the plan. The announcement comes after weeks of anti-government protests in Iraq.
Omari Mwanahamisi put Tanzania ahead after only 26 minutes. Kenya pulled a goal back through Christine Nafula. Ethiopia thrashed Uganda 4-1 in the play-off for third place, which was also played on Tuesday, in the Africa Cup of Nations qualifiers.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning win gold in the women's eight. The world champions are unbeaten in 39 races, a run that stretches back five years. It is Great Britain's 17th medal of the Games and moves them up to fourth in the table. Alex Gregory, George Nash, Moe Sbihi and Constantine Louloudis win men's four.
The bridge, for pedestrians only, would cost Â£175m to build. Some people aren't happy with the idea, saying it could spoil views on the riverside, including St Paul's Cathedral. London's Mayor, Boris Johnson, will have the final say over whether the bridge can be built.
Hull are 19th in the Premier League after Monday's 1-0 defeat at Middlesbrough. Gaston Ramirez scored the only goal of the game in the 92nd minute. Tigers boss Mike Phelan signed six players in the last two days of the summer window.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there.
The Citizens' Assembly voted 64% to 36% in favour of having no restrictions on abortion. The body is made up of 99 members who were chosen at random to broadly represent the views of the Irish electorate. Its most controversial task was to consider a campaign to repeal the Eighth Amendment. Anti-abortion groups have condemned the result of the vote.
Munster scrum-half did not lose consciousness in the European Champions Cup game at Scotstoun on 14 January. The group said Murray "did not meet the criteria for immediate and permanent removal from the field of play" Sale Sharks were cleared of wrongdoing by the Concussion Management Review Group (CMRG) for an incident involving back-row forward TJ Ioane. Northampton were found to have breached rules by allowing Wales winger George North to play on after a head injury a month earlier.
Protesters accuse the government of neglecting much needed reforms. Cleric Moqtada Sadr condemned the use of force by the police. Iraqi President called on protesters to "abide by the law and apply self-restraint" It was the second time this month that protesters managed to break into the government area.
The Court of Protection heard the woman has no contact with any of her six children. Two of the children were born at home in conditions described as "unhygienic and overrun by pets" There is evidence that barbecue tongs were used as forceps, although this was denied.
Sixty teams submitted plans for Clandon Park House in Surrey. The Grade I-listed building was reduced to a charred shell in 2015. The National Trust has announced a shortlist of six teams, as well as the names of those on the jury. Building work is expected to begin by early 2019.
Alberto Contador is the overall leader of the Criterium du Dauphine. The Spaniard is six seconds ahead of Richie Porte, who won Sunday's time trial. Team Sky's Chris Froome is 13 seconds off the overall lead. Jesus Herrada won the second stage of the race.
Fire at Regent Superbowl and indoor market in Great Yarmouth town centre started in the early hours. Footage shows firefighters using aerial ladders and hoses to dampen down the building, which has been completely gutted by flames.5 August 2016 Last updated at 13:26 BST.
The arrests are part of a pre-planned operation relating to alleged terrorism offences under Italian legislation. Police said the four men will appear before Westminster Magistrates Court but did not specify a date. The men are being held at a police station in the north of England and will not be questioned by officers in the UK.
Jordan is a key ally of the US and, together with Egypt, one of only two Arab nations to have made peace with Israel. The desert kingdom emerged out of the post-First World War division of the Middle East by Britain and France. King Abdullah II has extensive powers: he appoints governments, approves legislation and is able to dissolve parliament.
Pro-Russian rebels seized parts of the Luhansk and Donetsk regions last year. Almost 8,000 people have been killed since the conflict erupted in April 2014. The EU and the US have imposed their own sanctions against Russian officials and top allies of President Vladimir Putin. They accuse Russia of arming and also sending its regular troops in eastern Ukraine.
The BCCI missed a deadline to name a squad for the tournament after the International Cricket Council (ICC) changed its revenue-sharing model. A meeting to select the team will now take place on Monday, 8 May. The BCCI was outvoted 13-1 in a bid to halt the revised deal.
Government criticised for not capitalising on benefits of capturing rain where it falls. Lord Rooker said too much emphasis had been attached to the look of the countryside. He said new forests would slow flooding by trapping water with their roots. Environment Secretary Owen Paterson said he would seriously consider innovative solutions.
Santee Sioux tribe had planned to open a lounge selling marijuana on New Year's Eve. Concerns that the marijuana could be confiscated led them to burn the stash. The tribe says it wants to show cooperation with federal officials for future negotiations. The U.S. government says it has a right to conduct a raid at any time.
Ben Houchen beat Labour's Sue Jeffrey by a little over 2,000 votes. Mr Houchen will have a budget of Â£15m a year as Tees Valley mayor. Labour retained control of Durham County Council despite losing 20 seats. Independent candidates have the second highest number of seats (28)
Natalya Poklonskaya made the claim on a Russian TV channel. She claimed it was a sign that the dead tsar wanted Russia to "prosper and be great again" The Church said its commission "did not detect traces of holy secretion on the bronze bust"
Donald Trump picks Neil Gorsuch as his Supreme Court nominee. The 49-year-old is a so-called originalist, meaning he believes the US Constitution should be followed as the Founding Fathers intended. If successful, his nomination will restore the 5-4 conservative majority on the nine-seat high court.
Iranian-born Ms Howe is the chief strategy officer of internet security firm RSA. She travelled on her own to the US at 11-years-old and found a safe space in coding. At 17 she applied for a job as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg. She went from being an entertainment lawyer to business consultant to angel investor.
Nottingham Victoria Station was closed in 1967 due to falling passenger numbers. The station is now home to a shopping centre and a museum. The images will go on display at the Great Central Railway at Ruddington and the Victoria Shopping Centre in Nottingham for the next three weekends.
The official purchasing managers' index (PMI) on Sunday showed that factory activity unexpectedly shrank in October to 49.8. It is also marks the third consecutive month of contraction in manufacturing in China. The Shanghai Composite closed down 1.7% to 3,325.08, while Hong Kong's Hang Seng closed down1.2% at 22,370.04.
Four officers were injured when the Met's Flying Squad swooped on the men in Piccadilly. A Taser was discharged several times and the policemen were hurt as the men tried to escape on mopeds. Four men have been arrested and are being held at London police stations. A Met Police spokesman said three officers suffered minor injuries and the fourth is in hospital in a serious condition.
Schmidt was sent off by the referee for insulting Hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann in Saturday's 3-0 home loss. The 49-year-old has been banned for two games and handed a 15,000 euros (£13,373) fine. Schmidt will be unable to have any contact with the team for half an hour before and after Tuesday's German Cup second-round match against Lotte.
Far-right Freedom Party (FPOe) has shaken up the centrist consensus politics that dominated Austria for decades after World War Two. Hundreds of thousands of migrants poured through Austria last year hoping to settle in Germany. Many political observers see Marine Le Pen's National Front (FN) as the biggest nationalist challenge to Europe's liberal democratic traditions.
Steve Sankey is the first member of a mainstream national party to be elected to Orkney Islands Council. Party co-leader Patrick Harvie tweeted that he was "delighted" with the first Green gain in the elections. Robbie McGregor won the uncontested Shetland South seat for the SNP.
Collision involved a Yamaha motorcycle, a black Vauxhall Adam and a silver Volkswagen Caravelle. The incident occurred on Great Northern Road near to its junction with Clifton Road. Police Scotland has appealed for witnesses to the crash on Saturday. They are keen to speak to passing motorists who may have witnessed the collision.
In less than 24 hours, the country's chosen to leave the European Union. As a result, the prime minister has left his job. Some Labour MP s are trying to unseat their leader. And Scotland faces another referendum on the other union. But remember, this was not an overwhelming surge to one side. Decisive yes, but a move in the margins.
The card, dated September 25 1986, dropped through the letterbox of Gethin Davies from Bonymaen. It was sent by someone called Phyl, to a Mrs E Leon. Mr Davies now hopes to reunite it with the person it was intended for.
The Duke of Rothesay laid a wreath on a new memorial cairn in Moray. It commemorates the farming community and neighbouring parishes at Rhynie, Lumsden and Dufftown. Charles took part in a short service with local residents, followed by a minute's silence.
Mason played 290 NRL games during his 15-year career. The 35-year-old played six Super League games for Hull KR in 2011. Mason scored seven tries and played 24 tests for the Kangaroos. He also played 13 games for the Blues in State of Origin, scoring once.
Pfizer has agreed a deal to buy Anacor Pharmaceuticals for $99.25 a share. The company's flagship product is crisaborole, a cream for eczema. The cream is awaiting approval by US regulators. Some 18 million to 25 million people in the US suffer from the condition.
John Ridsdel, 68, was taken from a tourist resort in September last year. He was kidnapped along with three others by the Abu Sayyaf group. The group had threatened to kill a male hostage on April 25 if a ransom was not paid. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau called it "an act of cold-blooded murder"
Madonna has shared the video for Living for Love, the album's first single. It follows a leak of the star's 13th studio album ahead of its planned release on 10 March. This is the first music video to be published since the launch of SnapChat's "Discover" service.
The cartoon, by prominent artist Jonathan Shapiro, also features a poem, which refers to Mr Zuma as a "dick" The president sued the cartoonist, who works for the Mail & Guardian newspaper, after he depicted him in 2008 about to rape a female figure representing justice. The ANC forced an art gallery to withdraw a painting showing Mr Zulu with his genitals exposed.
Cornwall voted Leave and the Isles of Scilly voted Remain. The county has received £1bn of aid over the past 15 years. More than £400m in the pipeline until 2020 because of its relatively weak economy. Remain campaigners have warned Cornwall has always fared badly from Westminster.
The 82-year-old was threatened by two masked men at his home in Baillieston. The attackers pushed the pensioner and demanded money, before leaving empty-handed. Both men were wearing balaclavas and dressed all in black. Police have appealed for information about the incident.
Scottish Tories have seen double-digit increases in their vote in almost every seat. They've more than doubled their returns in some places where the party was previously unelectable. They even overturned the fourth-safest seat in the country, in Banff and Buchan. The last time they won more than a single seat in Scotland was in 1992.
World number 127 Figueiredo was struggling at 4-1 down, but then took four frames to leave Ding clinging on. Barry Hawkins, another former Crucible runner-up, whitewashed Welshman David John 6-0. Marco Fu saw off Ireland's Josh Boileau 6-2 but Jimmy White was on the wrong end of the same scoreline against Wales' Ryan Day.
CPS Inspectorate looked at the speed and quality of communication with victims. It found that almost half of letters to victims were not delivered on time. The report said the CPS was facing increased pressure due to staff cuts. But the CPS said their own figures showed they had improved the situation.
Top-seed Kerber hit 38 unforced errors as the world number 73 dominated. China's Zheng plays Canadian Eugenie Bouchard next. Third-seed Agnieszka Radwanska and fifth-seed Petra Kvitova also progressed to the third round.
18 pilots left RAF Manston in six Swordfish torpedo bombers to try to stop three German battle cruisers in the Channel. All of the planes were shot down and just five men survived. A service and flypast was held before a small group laid flowers in the commercial harbour.
Enceladus is the sixth largest moon of Saturn. It is about 500 kilometres (310 miles) in diameter, making it pretty small. In comparison, the Earth is over 12,000 kilometres in diameter. It's thought a warm ocean flows below the surface, where the conditions to support life could exist.
The occasion was part of the celebrations to mark the Queen's official 90th birthday. It was one of many "patrons lunch" events organised throughout the UK and across the Commonwealth. The street parties were intended to bring people together while raising funds for local charities and community programmes.
Rees played Demelza in Poldark, a costume drama based on the novels written by Winston Graham. She also had a role in cult classic Jack the Ripper film Hands Of The Ripper and on stage she appeared in A Winter's Tale, Richard II and Romeo And Juliet. Her family said she remained an active supporter of the arts.
Zoe Gregory has been charged with communicating false information. She is due to appear before Norwich Magistrates' Court on 14 April. The 26-year-old is accused of sending an explosive to a school in Norfolk. She has been suspended from school pending the outcome of the case.
Marsh failed to score in 16 league games after joining Dover from Torquay. The 23-year-old made eight appearances for Dover last season, but finished the season on loan at National League South side Welling United. Marsh is Macclesfield manager John Askey's 10th signing since the end of last season.
Chelsea reigned supreme from day one, clinched the title with room to spare and were the standout team of the season - both in defence and attack. United have a history of fielding great goalkeepers in the past and they seldom come better than Peter Schmeichel and Edwin Van der Sar. Chelsea's most consistent player in recent years and a vital member of their defensive line-up.
It happened at a 21st birthday party in the apartment in Berkeley, California. The majority of the victims were in the US on work visas, on the J1 USA summer work and travel programme. The families of some of the students who died have arrived in the United States from Ireland.
Administrators of the ACT test took the decision just hours before some 5,500 students were due to sit it. The ACT is one of two entrance exams available to international and domestic students wanting to go to a US college. The other entrance exam - the SAT - was cancelled in South Korea in 2013 because some of the questions were leaked.
Clause backing "common ownership of the means of production, distribution and exchange" was scrapped under Tony Blair in 1995. Mr Corbyn said Labour "shouldn't shy away" from public control of railways and public investment in industry. One of his leadership rivals, Liz Kendall, condemned the idea as a "throwback to the past"
Swansea drew 1-1 at West Brom in their Premier League clash on Tuesday. Sigurdsson scored the only goal of the game at the Hawthorns. Francesco Guidolin's side are 16th in the Premier League table. Baggies boss Tony Pulis believes Swansea have enough quality to stay up.
South Wales, Dyfed-Powys and north Wales forces all "required improvement" Gwent Police was the only one ranked "good" by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary. Gwent's police and crime commissioner Ian Johnston said it was good news. South Wales Police Ass Ch Con Nikki Holland said she was disappointed.
Paul Smith beaten in Wetzlar, Germany. Trainer Joe Gallagher said fight was a "last roll of the dice" Smith has now been beaten seven times in his 45 professional fights. It was Zeuge's third defence since he won the WBA title in November 2016.
Broadbent said he was "thrilled" to be asked to portray Tommy Butler. The actor won an Oscar in 2001 for playing the husband of Iris Murdoch. He also won a Bafta in 2007 for playing campaigner Lord Longford. The Great Train Robbery: A Copper's Tale will air later this year.
India has demanded an apology from the US over her alleged "humiliation" Ms Khobragade was handcuffed and strip-searched last Thursday. She was arrested on suspicion of visa fraud and making false statements. She has denied all the charges and was later released on bail.
This is the first time an English side has been able to call themselves world champions since England won the World Cup in 1966. The Under-20 World Cup is the biggest global tournament in youth football. It has been an important launch-pad for a lot of big names in football. Could this team hold the next generation of English football stars?
The jury praised Ahmed Mansoor for regularly raising concerns about arbitrary detention, torture and degrading treatment in the Gulf state. Mr Mansoor could not collect the award in Geneva because of a travel ban. The Martin Ennals Award is named after the late British lawyer who became the first head of the human rights organisation, Amnesty International.
The Northern Powerhouse idea is aimed at ending the UK's economic reliance on London. Labour politicians, representing Leeds, Manchester, Newcastle, Sheffield and Liverpool, say northern motorways are reaching "saturation point" Treasury says an extra Â£1.3bn will be spent UK-wide to tackle congestion.
Evans is the last Briton in qualifying for the Australian Open. James Ward and Naomi Broady were both beaten in Melbourne. Evans will play American Bjorn Fratangelo next in the first round. The Australian Open begins on Monday 18 January. Click here for more Australian Open news.
Votes are being cast in council elections in Knowsley, Sefton, St Helens and Wirral. In Liverpool, voters will also elect a city mayor. In England, elections are taking place for more than 120 councils and the London Assembly.Polling stations opened their doors at 07:00 BST and will close at 22:00.
Jacob McIntyre's body was recovered from the River Ericht at Cally Bridge, near Blairgowrie, at about 12:35 on Sunday. He had been reported missing from a property in the nearby Milton of Drimmie area at 11:15. Police Scotland said Jacob's family were "understandably upset at their tragic loss"
More than 73,000 people have signed the Change.org petition. The petition is in response to a ban on pork in schools in France. France has the largest Jewish population in Europe and the second-largest Muslim population in the world. The government has said it will consider the petition if it gets enough support.
Mayo keeper Robert Hennelly was a late inclusion in place of David Clarke. Cillian O'Connor missed a difficult free which would have levelled the scores. Lee Keegan's goal put Mayo ahead midway through the first period. Dublin regrouped to lead 0-10 to 1-6 by half-time.
98 Syrian refugees have arrived in Northern Ireland since the conflict. The first group arrived in December 2015. Some of the refugees were at the North West Regional College in Derry on Tuesday to find out more about learning English. The war in Syria has claimed the lives of more than 250,000.
The official violated the International Paralympic Committee's (IPC) ban on political gestures. The official, identified by Russian media as Andrei Fomochkin, has had his accreditation for Rio cancelled. The IPC head of media Craig Spence: "I'd like to thank the media for ensuring there was a picture of the individual on Twitter pretty quickly"
Harry Whitlam died after Gary Green reversed the vehicle into him. Green, 51, was more than two times the legal driving limit. Green was jailed for 16 months and two weeks at Leeds Crown Court. Harry's mother Pam Whitlam said her close-knit family had been "changed forever"
Miller served a ban from 2004 to 2006 after admitting using blood-boosting agent EPO early in his career. The 39-year-old returned to the sport and has volunteered to educate Britain's young riders. Miller won stages in the Tour de France, Vuelta a Espana and Giro d'Italia.
The fire service said a controlled burn was taking place over fears water supplies could be contaminated. The Environment Agency said there were fears the water run off could contaminate the local watercourse. The land owner was instructed to remove rubbish from the site in June, and has since been served with enforcement notices.
Officers are searching 18 premises in London and one in Stoke-on-Trent. Mr Choudary is the former UK head of the Islamist group al-Muhajiroun or Islam4UK, banned in the UK in 2010. The men, aged between 22 and 51, are being held at police stations in central London.
"Twisted light" technique could be used to boost data rates. But some researchers say it is a waste of time and money. Opponents say the technique is based on a well-known technique from the 1970s. But proponents insist they have found a way to make it work.
Psychiatric disorders are the cause of 7% of all maternal deaths during pregnancy and the six months after the birth. NICE guidelines say women at risk of mental health problems should receive extra support at all stages of pregnancy. The Maternal Mental Health Alliance says this isn't happening in many areas of the country.
Shantry is the ninth player in five months to sign a new deal with Worcestershire. Ed Barnard, Joe Clarke, Brett D'Oliveira, Tom Fell, Joe Leach and Charlie Morris have all signed for three years. England Lions man Ross Whiteley has signed for four years. Tom Kohler-Cadmore has agreed a two-year deal.
Community energy schemes are often small enterprises run by volunteers. They are designed to generate income for their area. But the way business rates are calculated means hydro schemes are hit hard. Some have seen increases of as much as 900% after a recent revaluation. It means virtually all of their profits are being handed over to councils.
Brighton and Hove Albion face Sheffield Wednesday in the Championship play-off semi-final. The Seagulls travel to Hillsborough for the first leg on Friday, with the return at the Amex Stadium on 16 May. If Brighton fail to reach Wembley, Stephens will miss the opening game of the new season instead.
Mr Fillon will address supporters from his campaign headquarters. His bid has been overshadowed by claims, which he denies, that his wife and two of his children were paid for non-existent parliamentary work. Some in his party, The Republicans, feel he should drop out of the race. But a source close to Mr Fillon said he "will not give up"
Some 69% of those asked said they had worked when unwell, the report by Aviva UK Health claimed. The TUC described UK workers as "mucus troopers" after the Office for National Statistics said that sickness absence totalled 137 million working days last year.
Sheffield City Council said the cladding at Hanover House was not made of the solid aluminium panels ordered. Issue was spotted during fire safety tests carried out in the wake of the Grenfell Tower blaze. Councillor Jayne Dunn said: "We will not stop until we get to the bottom of what happened"
Shyam Acharya is accused of stealing a doctor's name and qualifications in India before moving to Australia. He used the credentials to work in local hospitals between 2003 and 2014, New South Wales (NSW) Health said. He also became an Australian citizen. He is facing a fine of up to A$30,000 (Â£18,600; $18,700)
Tensions between the US and Israel have been growing as the leaders have wrangled over a number of issues. Israeli officials denied reports that Israel was spying on the US-led talks. Mr Netanyahu has taken issue with the United States' role in the nuclear negotiations, which he claims would create security risks for Israel.
The girl, aged 15 at the time, had met a man called David Ayrton in a Portsmouth garage in the autumn of 2004. The defendant, now 34 and called Davina, denied the charge. Judge Ian Pearson remanded her into custody and said it was likely she would be held at a male prison.
Prime Minister David Cameron wants to go further than create new punitive powers. He argues that fighting extremism demands a greater response from society. Ministers are trying to persuade social media companies to spend more of their millions on crushing extremism. But research shows that militants spread the message through innovative ways that are harder to stop.
Lord Alderdice said Mrs May must remember she is the PM of all parts of the UK. He was speaking in support of an amendment that insists no hard border is put in place between NI and the Republic of Ireland after Brexit. Lord Hain later withdrew his amendment after hearing government assurances.
Universities will be asked to publicly justify how they can pay their heads more than the prime minister. Mr Johnson will call for universities to set out much clearer contracts for students on what they can expect. He will promise better "consumer protection" for students. There have been concerns about the rising costs of university in England.
Rare Tyrannosaurus bataar, 7m long (23ft), bought for more than $1m (Â£630,000) in New York. Sale went ahead despite protests from the Mongolian president. Elbegdorj Tsakhia says the skeleton came from Mongolia and exporting fossils is illegal. Auctioneers say specimen was imported legally.
The 23-year-old, on loan from Chelsea, saved a penalty in normal time and one in a shoot-out when the Chairboys knocked Blackpool out of the EFL Trophy in January. Blackpool claimed the ball had crossed the line but their appeals fell on deaf ears.
There were 1,820 patients waiting to be seen in May, compared to 916 in 2011. Half of those were waiting up to 26 weeks, according to the Welsh Government. "The last thing you need is more stress and anxiety," says one patient. "We need to be able to get the treatment we need"
Defibrillators are used to deliver a shock to restart a patient's heart when they are in cardiac arrest. The equipment is believed to have been taken from outside of Frenchay Village Hall, near Bristol, in the early hours of Friday. Last December it was one of eight taken from sites including Pucklechurch, Frenchay, Fishponds and Easton.
The Local Government Association said there was a £12bn backlog in road repairs. The UK government said it was providing "unprecedented levels of investment" In an AA survey of 25,208 drivers, 39% said their tyres, bodywork or other parts of their vehicles had been affected after hitting a pothole in the past two years.
The number of pedestrians and cyclists hurt in accidents fell by more than a third between 2012 and 2016. But the rate was lower in 20mph zones, the city council said. The council said it will now evaluate the effectiveness of existing zones. It also agreed to spend the Â£687,000 road safety pot on alternative schemes.
Craig has scored five goals in 35 appearances for St Johnstone this season. The 30-year-old is in his second spell with the Saints, having returned after two years with Hibernian in 2015. He first moved to Perth on loan from Falkirk in 2007, signing a permanent deal the following year.
Fabian Society said Labour was "too weak" to take power without other parties. Welsh Labour vice-chair Mike Payne said UK leader Jeremy Corbyn had "failed to make the impact" allies predicted. Ms Stevens said Labour could win if it was "bold and credible and radical enough"
Campaigners are offering a £2,000 reward for information on the case. The dog's ear was found behind a water tank in Lancaster. It is believed the dog's owner has returned to the scene to remove the ear. A post-mortem is due to be carried out on the dog.
Beate Zschaepe, 38, is accused of being part of the National Socialist Underground (NSU), which killed 10 people, most of them of Turkish origin. She denies the murder charges. Critics say the police made serious errors before discovering the far-right cell. The head of Germany's domestic intelligence service was eventually forced to resign over the scandal.
Presidential candidate Donald Trump is running for re-election. He has pledged to build a wall between the U.S. and Mexico. The wall would be built to stop illegal immigrants from entering the country. He also wants to stop the flow of illegal immigrants into the country from Mexico.
"I was very nervous and my words just came out wrong," says Hiddleston. The Night Manager actor won his first Golden Globe for best performance by an actor in a mini-series or TV movie. He told a story about a group of aid workers in South Sudan who had watched the show.
Newport City Council has spent £90m on a new city centre. The project is expected to create 1,200 jobs. It will be the first major development in the area since the 1980s. The city has been in financial trouble since the financial crisis of 2008.
Reserve Bank of India governor Raghuram Rajan predicts global financial crisis in 2008. Mr Rajan: "Don't keep asking us to do more because at some point we get into territory where the consequences may be more bad than good if we actually act" India still has high inflation - running at close to 6%.
Tax avoidance and evasion are very different things. It is like saying you are going to clamp down on theft and then putting a figure on how much you're going to save by doing so. Conservatives say they will save £5bn by clamping down on avoidance. Liberal Democrats say £6bn and Labour tops the claims at £7.5bn.
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has pledged â‚¬50m (Â£42m) in funds for rebuilding. At least 268 people are now known to have died and 400 were injured. Hundreds of aftershocks have hampered the efforts of the 5,000 rescuers.
The memorial event will be attended by hundreds of firefighters, police officers, paramedics and volunteers. The Right Rev Dr Martin Warner will open the service at Lancing College with a prayer for the victims. Names of the victims will be read out ahead of a minute's silence at 13:22 GMT.
PCC Tony Hogg says the move would be a waste of time and money. He says he would remain impartial and the money would be repaid in five years. The move would see the PCC's office move less than a mile from where it is currently based. Mr Hogg is expected to make a decision later this year.
The package will offer concessional loans at interest rates pegged at 3.2%. Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce said some farmers in Queensland had not earned any income for three years because of drought. The National Farmers' Federation had called on the government to strengthen drought assistance measures that were announced earlier this year.
The jury ruled that neither sheriff's officials nor jailers committed a crime in their treatment of Bland. It has not yet been determined whether the police officer who arrested her should face charges. The 28-year-old African-American was arrested after a confrontation with a policeman who had pulled her car over.
Nolan has become Crewe's fourth signing of the summer. The 28-year-old was a free agent after leaving Blackpool. Jordan Bowery, Michael Raynes and Chris Porter have all moved to David Artell's side this summer. CLICK HERE for all the latest transfer news with our live updates.
Ding won the last three frames, the decider with a break of 108, to beat Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 4-3. The 2005 world champion has lost just one frame in three matches. Stuart Bingham defeated Wales' Ryan Day 4-2 to set up a last-four meeting with Joe Perry.
South Africa-born Berg suffered the injury while playing against Nottinghamshire in Barbados. The 35-year-old will be assessed in the next two weeks to decide whether he will need an operation. "If there is an operation then you're looking at probably mid-season," says Benkenstein.
Pauline Flynn, 36, denies causing death by careless driving. Henry McPherson, 61, died after the accident on the A952 near Mintlaw. His partner Patricia, 52, told Peterhead Sheriff Court she remembered the look of fear on his face. Ms Flynn allegedly crossed on to the opposite side of the carriageway.
Cafodd yr Esgob Joanna Penberthy ei chysegru yn Esgob Tyddewi yng Nghadeirlan Llandaf am 11:00. Cafodd y penderfyniad i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013. Roedd wedi ei hethol gan aelodau ym mis Tachwedd.
Pools finished seventh in the National League, seven points off the play-off places. It is the first time the club have been out of the top flight for more than a year. The Pools have won just one of their last seven league games, drawing three and losing four.
Parent company Mondelez says it plans to bring all Cadbury lines under its in-house fair trade scheme, Cocoa Life. It says it will offer five times more sustainable chocolate in the UK by 2019. Critics warn this could confuse consumers. They also fear that shared standards around ethical trade will be lost if more firms drop Fairtrade.
The writer's work tells the story of a Nigerian woman who moves to the US to pursue a college education. In 2008, her second novel, Half of a Yellow Sun, won the UK's Orange Prize and Purple Hibiscus was longlisted for the Booker Prize. Other category winners included Sheri Fink's book about Hurricane Katrina.
Daniel Begg, 21, of Dundee, admitted culpable and reckless behaviour. He avoided serious injury in the incident at Pittodrie Stadium. Begg was fined Â£260 at Aberdeen Sheriff Court. The court refused a Crown motion for a football banning order.
Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson said his team had been in "constant" contact since the Paris attacks. The Super Bowl is the climax of the American football season, and a crowd of 70,000 is expected for the game. The game will be held in Santa Clara, about 40 miles (64km) south of San Francisco.
Fabrice Muamba suffered a cardiac arrest in Bolton Wanderers' FA Cup tie. Bolton physio Andy Mitchell was the first to spot the player had collapsed. Muamba was given two defibrillator shocks on the pitch, one in the players' tunnel and a further 12 in the ambulance on the way to hospital but none worked.
The man was found unconscious at a flat in Caledonia Court on Wednesday. He was treated at the scene and taken to Galloway Community Hospital where he was pronounced dead a short time later. Police Scotland said there were no apparent suspicious circumstances and the procurator fiscal had been informed.
Nico Rosberg was 0.207 seconds quicker than Williams driver Valtteri Bottas. McLaren's Fernando Alonso set the third best time, albeit 1.7secs slower than Rosberg on the same tyres. Kimi Raikkonen was fourth, 1.8secs off Rosberg but on a tyre calculated to be 0.8 secs a lap slower. Lewis Hamilton concentrated on a race-simulation run and did not record a representative one-off flying lap.
It is the second time the Swiss curator has topped ArtReview's annual Power 100 list, having also done so in 2009. Polish curator Adam Szymczyk was placed second in the list, climbing from 14th place last year. Art dealers Iwan and Manuela Wirth topped the list in 2015, but they have dropped to number three.
Pictures of men kissing a cardboard cut-out have gone viral on social media. The images have been condemned as "disrespectful" and "inappropriate" The images were taken from a video posted on YouTube by a man named "Sebastian" The video shows the man kissing the cardboard cutout while wearing a black headscarf.
Mae pob ysgol yn cael ei rhoi mewn categori lliw sy'n mynd o wyrdd, i felyn, oren a choch. Mae Llywodraeth Cymru yn credu fod y drefn o gategoreiddio yn helpu i ddod o hyd i'r ySGolion sydd angen mwyaf o help, ac i gynnig cymorth a chyngor iddyn nhw.
Vegetable oil and palm oil now provide 85% of the world's calories. Rise has been driven by trade agreements, which have made it cheaper and easier to export and import oil. Policy incentives in countries such as Malaysia and Indonesia, aimed at ramping up production for export, have helped to lower cost of vegetable oil.
Worcestershire trail Kent by 27 runs with four wickets remaining. Steve Rhodes' side look on course for only their second Championship defeat. On-loan Nottinghamshire all-rounder Will Gidman takes two wickets to help reduce visitors to 213-6. George Rhodes (55) reaches his maiden first-class half-century.
Analysts say North Korea has several nuclear warheads but this development would be an advance as submarine-fired devices are difficult to detect. State media described the missile emerging with "a fiery, blazing trail", but did not mention the date or the location of the test. South Korea said the North fired three anti-ship cruise missiles into the sea off its east coast.
Consumer group Which? says it has received more than 1,000 complaints about calls and texts this year. Information Commissioner's Office says fraudsters are always looking for new opportunities. Anyone over 55 has been able to withdraw their pension savings and put them where they like, subject to certain conditions.
Robert and Ian Stewart became so-called supergrasses at the trial of alleged members of the north Belfast UVF. Trial judge said the brothers had lied in part of their evidence. Public Prosecution Service decided not to refer them back to the judge who slashed their jail sentences. Jason Loughlin is challenging the PPS's decision.
Trading standards officers said the law stated that lenses should be sold with an optician or medic present. Young people are known to share them, leading to an increased risk of corneal ulcers and infections. The lenses are used to change the colour of the eye, and are also known as zero-powered lenses.
People from Brazil, Albania, Nepal and Egypt were arrested following raids at Byron restaurants across London. Home Office said that of the 35 people who were interviewed by immigration officials, 25 have since been deported. Byron said it was completely unaware that any of its workers were in possession of false documentation until the Home Office raids.
Cole, 22, has agreed a two-and-a-half year deal at the Silverlake Stadium. He joined Staines from Barnet in February 2016. Tyler Garratt's loan from Doncaster Rovers has been extended until 29 April. The 20-year-old left-back has scored once in five matches for Eastleigh.
Elisabeth Moss will reprise her role as detective Robin Griffin. The new series will be co-directed by Ariel Kleiman and consist of six hour-long episodes. The first series of Top of the Lake was broadcast on BBC Two in 2013 and won an Emmy award for outstanding cinematography.
The profit was achieved on turnover of £152m, up from £117m the previous year. The firm was founded by Brian Conlon in 1996 and floated on the stock market in 2002. It is understood that the company is planning to develop a significant amount of new office space close to its existing headquarters.
Michael Patterson was handed the order after being convicted of break-ins in the Levenshulme and Longsight areas of the city. The 49-year-old admitted three counts of burglary and possession of a Class B drug and was jailed for 16 months. The ban, known as a criminal behaviour order, will run indefinitely after his release.
UK is the Irish Republic's largest trading partner, with one billion euros in weekly trade between the countries. Ireland's Public Expenditure and Reform Minister Brendan Howlin said there were serious concerns about the possibility of a UK exit. Ireland will express its views clearly on the referendum, he said.
Justice Secretary Michael Matheson says he is "disappointed" by the decision. Pitchford Inquiry was set up in England and Wales to investigate allegations of misconduct by undercover officers. There are allegations that undercover Metropolitan Police officers had fathered children and caused miscarriages of justice in Scotland.
Lazio fans have been found guilty of racist behaviour by Uefa four times during the current campaign. The latest incident came during their Europa League last-32 match against Borussia Monchengladbach on 21 February. The Serie A club won the second leg 2-0 to progress 5-3 on aggregate. The Italian club have also been fined 40,000 euros (£34,475)
The FBI wants Apple to unlock the iPhone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California in December. Apple has resisted, calling that demand "dangerous" and "unprecedented" The two court cases are not linked. But Apple feels the decision in New York gives added strength to its position.
Hundreds of protesters gathered at the venue at the University of Illinois at Chicago hours before Mr Trump was due. Fighting broke out between supporters and protesters, who waved flags and chanted. A statement from Mr Trump's campaign said the candidate decided to postpone the event after meeting with police. A Chicago Police Department spokesman said the force had not recommended that Mr Trump postpone the rally.
Webb has not played since suffering a serious foot injury in September. The 27-year-old says he is close to a return before the Six Nations. Wales begin their Six Nations campaign away to Ireland in Dublin on 7 February. Webb has renewed his national dual contract with Ospreys and the Welsh Rugby Union.
The girl is being treated at Birmingham Children's Hospital. Her condition is said to be serious but not life-threatening. The incident took place in the garden of a house in Etruria, Stoke-on-Trent. The girl was airlifted to hospital where she was given pain relief.
Dorian Dervite has signed a new contract with Bolton Wanderers. The 28-year-old joined the club from Charlton in 2014. The French centre-back made 14 appearances last season to help Wanderers finish second in League One and secure promotion. David Wheater, Gary Madine and Jem Karacan have also signed new deals.
The carriage transported Churchill's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. The carriage was built in 1931 and was used during World War Two on evacuation trains before being put into Pullman colours in the 1960s. It was moved to Los Angeles in 1966 but returned to the UK in 2007 where it entered the Swanage Railway Collection.
Sea of Hull is said to be the largest nude installation in the UK. Artist Spencer Tunick photographed 3,200 people at locations around Hull. The photos will be displayed alongside major works by Lucien Freud and Ron Mueck in the Ferens Art Gallery's SKIN exhibition from 22 April.
24 clear recordings on wax cylinders were made using a phonograph machine between 1902 and 1917. They were made by the Wall family who lived in New Southgate in North London. The recordings were found at the former home of David Brown, Cromwell Wall's grandson, in Huntingdon, Cambridgeshire.
Camilla Long made claims about how often Farage had visited Thanet South. UKIP said that broke a law that bans false statements about candidates. BBC said the show often made jokes at the expense of politicians. Kent Police said it would not take action against Camilla Long.
robotic tentacle can bend, stretch and switch between flexible and rigid states. Its movement is driven by inflatable compartments and its stiffness by a central tube containing a specially selected granular medium: coffee. Researchers hope to develop the device so that it can be used in "minimally invasive surgery"
The Flying Scotsman took to the North Yorkshire Moors Railway (NYMR) heritage line after a decade-long, £4.2m refit. A total of 8,500 tickets were purchased for the sold-out locomotive service, which runs until 20 March.Tickets were sold at £38 for an adult and £25 for a child for a full return journey between Grosmont and Pickering.
Eight people started fighting at the Palace Theatre in Manchester on the opening night of the Irish dance show. Georgina Lynn Sixsmith, 48, has been charged with being drunk and disorderly and assault on a constable. She will appear at Manchester and Salford Magistrates' Court on 10 May.
Nation Broadcasting will move Radio Pembrokeshire, Radio Carmarthenshire and Radio Ceredigion from St Hilary, near Cowbridge. The shows are currently broadcast from studios in Narberth, Pembrigshire. Some staff have been made redundant and details of the move are confidential.
Argentina and Britain have been at odds since the Falklands War in 1982. The dispute is over ownership of the Falkland Islands, which Argentina calls the Malvinas. The British government says the islands should be left to the sovereignty of the UK. The UK government says it wants the islands to remain a British territory.
Huge crowds gathered at vantage points to catch a last glimpse. It will be grounded later this month after engineering backers withdrew support. It was made in the 1960s, and will be flown again in 20 years. It is due to take off from Woodford Aerodrome, near Stockport, in the morning.
Risks in the gas market of things such as having to pay more for imports and security of supply are minimal. The £500m is actually made up of technical factors involving the electricity market. The report is clear such costs could be avoided if the UK remained part of the IEM.
The app can identify up to 70,000 public figures by looking at images, video or an actual person. The BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones raised privacy concerns with the company's co-founder Omar Tayeb. The pair discussed the app's privacy concerns in an exclusive interview.
Matsuyama finished seven clear of Henrik Stenson and Daniel Berger. Northern Irishman McIlroy carded a 66 to finish tied with American Bill Haas. The win will lift Matsuyama to a career-high sixth in the world rankings. Scotland's defending champion Russell Knox fell away in the final round.
Coastguard received several calls from a person claiming to be in difficulty. The alarm was declared to be a hoax following a thorough search. The kayaker was reported to be near Mew Island, one of the Copeland Islands. Two RNLI boats and a coastguard helicopter from Scotland were launched to assist in the search.
More than 40 new add-on apps have already been developed so far. But one expert said there was a risk Messenger would become bloated. Mark Zuckerberg also revealed plans to launch an associated service called Businesses on Messenger. The public will be able to hold conversations with companies from which they buy goods, or have other interactions with.
India has overtaken China to take the top spot in the tables of international economic good health. India is now the third biggest source of foreign investment in the UK with billions staked. Narendra Modi sells himself as a non-nonsense technocrat who transformed his home state, Gujarat, into an economic powerhouse.
Pentagon confirms it is deploying a specialised expeditionary targeting force to assist Iraqi and Kurdish Peshmerga forces. The operators would carry out raids, free hostages and capture IS leaders. They would also conduct "unilateral operations" in Syria, he said. Mr Carter made the announcement in remarks to the House Armed Services Committee in Washington on Tuesday.
At least 17 US-based and local groups receiving foreign funding were targeted. The US state department said it was "very concerned" and urged authorities to stop the "harassment" of NGO staff. Egypt's military has vowed to investigate how pro-democracy and human rights organisations are funded.
Museum scientist Amoret Whitaker is one of just three forensic entomologists in the UK who regularly works with the police. She and her colleagues breed different species of fly in a bid to help the police solve crimes. By understanding the "succession" rates or the speed of growth of flies she can determine the likely time that person died.
RNLI crew with a medic and the coastguard search and rescue helicopter were sent to Sker Beach, near Kenfig Nature Reserve, on Sunday. The rider had head injuries and was very cold from lying unconscious on wet sand. She was treated before being flown to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales.
The girl band was due to play a matinee and evening show at the SSE Arena on Thursday. The cancellation was announced just minutes after the doors opened for the afternoon performance. Fans were later informed by text message that the show would not be going ahead as scheduled. Michael Green was in Belfast for the concert with his daughters, aged five and six.
The new centre will tell the story of the World War II battle over Kent and Sussex in 1940. It is being built at the end of an existing memorial, which is shaped like a three-bladed propeller. Work began in September, with Wing Cdr Bob Foster, 93, using a digger to break the ground.
Owens, Hanbury and Paddy Flynn all crossed before half-time. Ryan Atkins and Chris Bridge made it 24-10 to Warrington. Stefan Ratchford grabbed the visitors' third try but it was too little too late. Warrington remain fifth in the Super League table, while Widnes are eighth.
Tech-led travel companies are expanding South Africa's tourism beyond traditional beaches and safaris. South African company Gummie operates an online platform advertising dozens of unique experiences. Cape Town-based VoiceMap is moving tour-guiding into the digital space. Technology is creating the "invisible guest", with many tourism providers, such as hotels, finding they have little interaction with guests.
The 23-year-old has penned a two-and-a-half-year deal with the Spireites. He made 82 league appearances for Chesterfield, scoring 10 times. First-team coach Kevin Nugent has left the O's after the arrival of Kevin Nolan as player-boss.
decline was the Nasdaq's biggest one-day fall since April 10 last year. Shares in Kraft Foods, which is listed on Nasdaq, soared more than 35% after the company agreed to merge with Heinz. The Dow Jones lost 292 points, or 1.6%, to 17,718, while the S&P 500 dropped 30 points to 2,076.
Hundreds of Sri Lankan maids are being held in a detention camp in Saudi Arabia. They say they fled their employers to escape physical, sexual or psychological abuse. They are all now classified as illegal immigrants under Saudi law. Human Rights Watch has called for more protection for domestic workers in the Middle East.
In a 6-3 decision, the justices said that tax subsidies that make health insurance affordable for low-income individuals can continue. The case, known as King v Burwell, was the second major challenge the law has faced in the US's highest court. The ruling preserves the law known as Obamacare, which Mr Obama considers a major part of his presidential legacy.
Samuel Tweed, 74, from Newtownards, County Down, admitted possession of a haul of guns along with 2,500 rounds of ammunition. He escaped from custody at Belfast Magistrates' Court in May 1974 when he was facing firearms charges. Tweed was 32 when he escaped after a group of men entered the courtroom and claimed there was a bomb in the building.
Many wept as they prayed for the pope outside the city's main cathedral. The vigil was followed by a Sunday morning Mass, with the dead pope's body sat in the papal chair dressed in ceremonial robes. He died at the age of 88 on Saturday, after reportedly suffering from cancer.
Police called to Wingfield Road, Alfreton, at about 03:55 BST on Monday. Detectives said the man had suffered head injuries and has not yet been formally identified. Police have appealed for people who were in the area between 03:00 and 04:00 to contact them.
The Labour leader was pictured holding a giant vegetable in front of a pack of photographers. It was a reminder that before Mr Corbyn even tries to win the battles he will certainly face this week - his team's priority must be, get through the week without mishap. Sometimes those are the moments that shift opinion, or express a truth political parties don't want to contemplate.
Wales face England in their first major tournament appearance in 58 years. Coleman says it is difficult to predict how Rashford will perform. The 18-year-old was named in England's squad three months after making his Manchester United debut. Wales have lost friendlies against the Netherlands and Ukraine since their last qualification victory.
MPs backed a Labour plan to consult on changing civil partnerships. Culture Secretary Maria Miller said review could take place "very swiftly" But one Conservative MP described the sequence of events as a "grubby deal" The bill is being debated over two days, with its third reading on Tuesday. If approved, it will go to the House of Lords on Wednesday.
All staff and students at Cathays Park were told to leave after a fire broke out in a fume cupboard on Tuesday. The main building will remain shut on Tuesday with access to most areas reopened on Wednesday. But two chemistry labs on the first floor and the restaurant will be shut until further notice.
The Portuguese defender's quick-fire brace put the Bees in control at Brisbane Road. Curtis Weston sealed the points in added time after Paul McCallum had halved the deficit. A recent signing from Peterborough seized on a fumble by O's goalkeeper Alex Cisak to break the deadlock.
New Psychoactive Substances (NPS) are now the choice drug of many Wrexham users. NPS are typically much cheaper than heroin or other drugs, and can be bought for about Â£5. Some users buy single-hit "one-pops" for as little asÂ£1.
Rows between rival electoral commissioners have led to physical fights. The opposition says the vote on the islands was cancelled because it won. The ballot papers for the national presidential election have been taken to Dar es Salaam. It is unclear if and when new elections for Zanzibar's president and parliament will be held.
5,443 new posts were created in 2015-16 - a 7% increase on the previous year. Almost 7,000 jobs were created or safeguarded by foreign direct investment. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said Wales had a "tremendous platform" to build on.
The attack on Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province was the most deadly in Syria in more than three years. It prompted a retaliatory US missile strike against a Syrian air base. A joint UN and OPCW investigation will now investigate who was to blame for the attack.
Ansar al-Sharia demanded the authorities release Islamist fighters from jail in exchange for the soldiers' safe return. The announcement came only days after a series of suicide attacks and armed assaults by the group in southern Yemen left more than 100 people dead, most of them soldiers.
The bag was taken from a ceremony to mark the 100th anniversary of the start of the Second World War. It was returned to the rightful owner by a member of the public. The woman said she was 'dumbstruck' when she found the bag in her wardrobe.
Weir announced his retirement from track racing after an unsuccessful Paralympic Games in Rio last year. The 37-year-old wheelchair racer won four gold medals at the London Paralympics. He said April's London Marathon would be his final road race. British Athletics says it is puzzled by Weir's comments.
Shropshire College has been operating with a "staff surplus" for several years. The college said it would be offering voluntary redundancies to reduce the need for compulsory redundancies. The decision "has no impact" on students, it said, and although 76 posts might go, it was anticipated the final figure "will be less than this"
It has been alleged that some details from the paper were shared in advance on a private social media group. The investigation concerns the CCEA A2 business studies paper which candidates sat on the afternoon of Monday 12 June. The BBC understands that a small number of pupils from two Belfast grammar schools are involved.
The singer-songwriter appeared on two of the festival's smaller stages. His low-key appearances came a week after he played three sold-out solo shows at Wembley Stadium. Portishead headlined the event on Saturday, and were joined by Thom Yorke before he played his own unannounced set at the iArena later that night.
Sierra Leone has been declared free of the deadly Ebola virus. The virus killed almost 4,000 people in the country over the past 18 months. A former rebel tells the BBC's Richard Hamilton about his experiences in the civil war, which ended in 2002, and his Ebola work.
The 65-year-old said he was going to "miss it dreadfully" but there always comes a point when things must end. Sir Eric also served as secretary for communities and local government between 2010 and 2015. He is one of several high-profile MPs who are standing down, including George Osborne and Alan Johnson.
Sergi Darder scored twice as PSG lost their first league game since last March. PSG still lead the table by 23 points, with Monaco in second. Caen moved above Lyon and into third with a 2-1 win at St-Etienne. Monaco drew 0-0 at Nantes to close the gap at the top.
The Italy player had reportedly been linked to a reunion with ex-Juve manager Antonio Conte at Chelsea. The 29-year-old joined the Serie A champions from Bari in 2010 and has since made 291 appearances. He has won five consecutive league titles, two Italian cups and reached the Champions League final in 2015.
Microsoft has just launched its first wearable health gadget, the Band, in the US ahead of its global launch. Similar products from Samsung and Google are already on the market and early next year the much-hyped Watch from Apple will go on sale. By 2017 more than 1.5 billion people around the world will be using these apps, generating total revenues of Â£14.5bn.
Mother Teresa is to be canonised in Rome in September. She is credited with curing a man of a brain tumour in 2008. The man's identity has not been released. The Vatican says the man was cured by the intervention of Mother Teresa. The woman died in 1997 and was beatified in 2003.
Nairn Coastguard rescue team made the find at Duck Island near Culbin Forest on Sunday afternoon. Bomb squad experts were called in and carried out the controlled explosion on Monday evening. The beach is understood to have been used for D-day landing training. The devices were described as being covered in barnacles.
Industry magazine What Car? says prices of VW models have not collapsed as might have been expected. VW cars which are three years old, or have done 36,000 miles, are typically worth 42.21% of their original value. That is 2.7% lower than in September 2015, just before the scandal broke.
Mark Zuckerberg said he did not believe the authorities should have backdoors. Lawyer representing some of the gunman's victims has backed the federal bureau. Fourteen people were killed and 22 injured when gunman Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened fire in California last December.
The remains of Hayati Lutfiah Hamid, 49, were recovered on Thursday. She was buried at a ceremony attended by family and friends in Surabaya. The Airbus A320-200 came down four days ago en route from Indonesia to Singapore. The cause of the crash remains unknown.
Beauly will be the only representatives of the lower leagues in the semi-final draw at BBC Scotland's Pacific Quay on Monday 11 July. Lochaber also came close to creating an upset when they forced Kyles to come from behind twice to earn a 2-2 draw at Tighnabruich. Newtonmore cruised to a 4-0 lead over Skye who then struck back with two late goals.
A third person has been arrested in the raid in Verviers. Four Kalashnikovs, bomb-making equipment and police clothing were found. The terror threat level in Belgium has been raised to three - the second highest in Europe. The incident comes a week after attacks in neighbouring France that killed 17 people.
It is difficult to get a good night's sleep when the sun doesn't come out. It is also difficult to sleep if the sun isn't shining through the window. It's even harder to sleep when it's pitch black outside. The sun can't be trusted to give us a full nights sleep.
Sam Boulter said he originally thought someone had broken into the premises. He then saw a squirrel "staggering around" after coming out from behind a box of crisps. The secretary of Honeybourne Railway Club estimated he lost about Â£300. He eventually caught the squirrel in a waste paper bin and released it out of the window.
Scottish Labour will lay a motion at Holyrood calling for "full transparency" Last month an official surveillance watchdog said two un-named UK forces undertook such activities. The regulator has not identified the forces but it has been claimed that Police Scotland is one of them. Police Scotland has refused to confirm or deny it is under investigation.
Desmond Ricks, 51, was released from prison last Friday. He was convicted of gunning down a friend outside a restaurant in Detroit, Michigan, in March 1992, and sentenced to at least 32 years in prison. His lawyers say homicide detectives switched bullets in his mother's gun to pin a shooting on him.
More than half of firms visited did not have the correct waste collection contracts in place. City of Edinburgh officers visited 406 traders during the Our Edinburgh initiative to address anti-social behaviour like littering. One bin was found to contain up to 50% trade waste. Five more businesses will receive fixed penalty notices as a result.
Ian Brown and Daniel Dunkley died in their cells at HMP Woodhill last July. Their relatives claim the prison has not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions. But officials say the judicial review is "neither appropriate or necessary" There were seven self-inflicted deaths last year, five in 2015 and 18 at the prison since 2013.
There has been speculation in recent years that the Red Arrows could be axed as part of defence cuts. The announcement comes as RAF stations in Lincolnshire celebrate their 100th anniversary. The Red Arrows are currently taking part in a world tour to promote "the best of British"
Mencap president Lord Rix is receiving 24-hour care in a retirement home. He had previously opposed an assisted dying law, but said his illness has left him "like a beached whale" and in constant discomfort. The crossbench peer voted against an Assisted Dying Bill in 2006 because of concerns that people with learning disabilities might become the unwilling victims.
The 32-year-old former England right-back joined the Potters from Liverpool in 2015. His existing contract was due to expire this summer. Mark Hughes said that it would be "foolish" to let a player of Johnson's ability leave. He has made 50 appearances in all competitions for Stoke.
Bastia striker Balotelli claims he was abused by Nice fans. The 26-year-old has scored 10 goals in 15 games for Nice since joining on a free transfer. Ligue de Football Professionnel has announced an investigation into the allegations. In 2013 he suffered abuse from Roma fans while playing for AC Milan.
Five out of six of those who voted in the union's ballot backed walkouts. The union says there will be no compulsory job losses as a result of the walkout. Virgin Trains says it will run a full timetable during any RMT strike. The company says it has no plans to pull out of the union.
Bournemouth defender Tommy Elphick has had surgery on his ankle. The 28-year-old last played for the Cherries in their 3-1 defeat at Norwich. Striker Callum Wilson has had an operation after rupturing the anterior cruciate ligament in his right knee against Stoke.
Nigel Farage stepped down as UKIP leader on Monday. Top Gear presenter Chris Evans announced he was stepping down. Twitter users took to social media to suggest who should take up the role. Some suggested Boris Johnson, others suggested Friends co-star Matt Le Blanc. Others suggested Jeremy Corbyn or Channel 4 News presenter Jon Snow.
Winter mortality was especially high for bees in Belgium (33.6%) and the UK (29%) in 2012-13. But in spring-summer 2013 France was highest with 13.6%. Bumblebees and other wild bees were not studied, nor were pesticide impacts.
North Korea had requested the body, but has not confirmed its identity. It was released as part of a deal under which nine Malaysians were prevented from leaving North Korea. The two countries had been locked in a diplomatic row in the wake of Mr Kim's murder in Kuala Lumpur last month.
The superhero had been declared an honorary ambassador to promote messages about women's empowerment and gender-based violence. A petition against the selection gathered nearly 45,000 signatures. UN did not explain why the project with Wonder Woman, announced in October, would end on Friday. But spokesman Jeffrey Brez said campaigns using fictional characters often lasted no longer than a few months.
The owner managed to escape the vessel and rowed himself ashore. He was later transferred to Glasgow for treatment. The lifeboat crew towed the yacht back to Oban to be safely berthed. The explosion happened near Puilladobhrain on Thursday evening.
Shafiq Mohammed was also found to have resisted arrest at a demonstration in Monkton, South Ayrshire, in 2015. The 50-year-old former Scottish Refugee Council worker was said to have verbally abused a woman and three men. However, the sheriff did not formally proceed to conviction of the accused in respect of the charges.
The boy was struck on Bank Street near Langloan Primary School. He was taken to Queen Elizabeth University Hospital, in Glasgow, where his condition is believed to be serious. Police said the boy was badly injured in the incident, which happened at about 16:40.
Interim review of Liverpool's green and open spaces suggests an extra Â£4.50 contribution is needed per person. Green activist Simon O'Brien made 31 recommendations in his report. He warned that Liverpool was "heading to a brick wall" when it comes to maintaining open spaces in the city.
Radio Biafara mainly broadcasts to the Igbo-speaking south-east of the country. The station hosts phone-in programmes with listeners calling to talk about issues affecting their region. It also attacks and ridicules President Muhammadu Buhari and other government officials.
Jimmy Carlson, 64, from north London, has been appointed OBE. He became homeless after he was discharged from the Army in 1973. Since then he has helped to bring homeless people together with ministers. PC Mark Edwards, who helped raise more than £350,000 for terminally ill children, has also been appointed MBE.
The device was able to track and damage a free-flying drone during the trial in California. Boeing is one of many companies working to develop high powered lasers that can be used in military or defence scenarios. The company says its new device is the most portable yet, and can be collapsed into four parts light enough to carry.
The 18-year-old was found in Caldy Walk, Islington, shortly after 18:00 BST. He died a short time later in hospital from a stab wound to the chest. Two boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder and three others are being held. They are all being held in custody.
The Crues will retain the Gibson Cup if they beat the Blues on Saturday. Second-placed Linfield now trail the champions by eight points. The battle for valuable points to avoid the drop continues at the foot of the table. Warrenpoint Town host Ballinamallard United, who are one point ahead of Barry Gray's side.
Ex-Scotland international says several of his old team-mates are affected. He believes it is as the result of heading heavy footballs in the 1950s and '60s. St John believes football as an industry should help ex-pros with care costs. The FA said it was committed to supporting research into degenerative brain disease among former players.
Football                Rugby Union                 Rugby League                 Cricket                 Tennis                 Basketball                 Athletics                 Speedway                 Ice Hockey                 Radio 5 live and 5 live sports extra                 Sports extra                 Football                 rugby union                 rugby league                 cricket                 tennis                 basketball                 speedway                 ice hockey                 basketball           Athletics  Speedway  Ice Hockey                 sports extra.
The oil painting was commissioned by Royal Northern Sinfonia. It will be projected onto buildings around the orchestra's home towns of Newcastle and Gateshead over the coming months. Only 14 images of the composer are known to have been created during his lifetime, but many are stylised or incomplete.
The city council says 500 self-service bikes will be located across the city from April 2017. A previous pilot scheme, which saw 70 bikes installed at 10 locations, ended in 2011. The council wants to secure a provider to supply, maintain and operate the scheme. It says it will be financed through sponsorship income and at no cost to the taxpayer.
Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane hit centuries for India. Ravindra Jadeja took 2-84 and 5-152 with the ball. Sri Lanka were bowled out for 183 in reply. The third and final Test gets under way in Pallekele on 12 August.
The PGA Tour said it could not find sponsors to hold the 2017 World Golf Championship at Mr Trump's Doral course in Miami. Mr Trump said the PGA had "put profit ahead of thousands of American jobs" The PGA has signed a new seven-year sponsorship deal with Grupo Salinas.
The Scottish government has been trying to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol since 2009. It wants to set the price of a unit of alcohol at 50p - meaning the cost of the strongest ciders would more than double in off-licences. Supporters of minimum pricing believe the move is necessary to tackle the country's binge drinking culture. The European Commission said it believed minimum pricing was a disproportionate way of tackling Scotland's problem drinking.
Rick Parfitt died in hospital in Spain from a severe infection following complications to a shoulder injury. His partnership with Francis Rossi spanned five decades, making Status Quo one of British rock's most enduring acts. He had suffered a series of health problems including having to undergo a quadruple heart bypass in 1997.
From Sunday, IPT will increase from 6% to 9.5%, a rise that was announced by Chancellor George Osborne in his Summer Budget. Motorists renewing a comprehensive policy - or taking out a new one - will face an average rise of £13. But the AA warned that young drivers - and motorists living in London - will be harder hit.
Derby fans were left with a sinking feeling despite seeing the end of their goal drought at the iPro Stadium. England Under-19 keeps banging them in for Bristol City. There were 14 red cards across the three divisions of the EFL on Saturday. The dismissal of Luton's Danny Hylton must have been the strangest of them all.
Ayr United beat Kilmarnock 1-0 in the opening match of the League Cup. Motherwell have lost to two English National League sides in pre-season. Partick Thistle face a tricky opener at home to Livingston. Hamilton Academical made their first signing of the close season on Friday.
Proposed changes to the Scottish government's Higher Education Governance Bill. Students and staff would be able to take part in the vote. Critics say it could threaten the role of the university's rector. The government says it will continue to listen to all views on the bill.
Peter Whittingham's current contract is due to expire this summer. Manager Neil Warnock has made it clear he will give the midfielder time to mull over the new deal on offer. Emyr Huws and Stuart O'Keefe are not in Warnock's long term plans.
The rig is to be used in the plugging and abandoning of wells and a clean-up of Beatrice's platform complex. Full decommissioning of the field's facilities could take place between 2024 and 2027. Two wind turbines installed to show that the firth is suitable for a large-scale offshore wind farm are also to be removed.
Selby beat Xiao Guodong 13-6 in the second round. He will play either Marco Fu or Neil Robertson in the quarter-finals. The 33-year-old is aiming for a third world title. Selby won the first three frames of his final session against Xiao.
Investigators began a preliminary inquiry into reports she earned €500,000 ($534,000; £428,000) Le Canard Enchaine newspaper questioned how much work she did for the money between 1998 and 2012. Both the centre-right candidate and his Welsh-born wife deny any wrongdoing.
Argyle reported the 27-year-old midfielder to the FA after claiming one of their ball boys was "shoved to the ground" in the 86th minute of the game. The incident was not seen by the match officials, but was caught on video. Kelly has until 18:00 GMT on Friday, 17 February to respond to the charge.
Adam Lockwood's Guiseley are currently five points from safety. The 21-year-old had been at Hednesford Town on loan this season. He has experience in the fifth tier with Southport and Wrexham. Click here for more transfer news.
Ronson led Bowie's backing band, Spiders From Mars. He died in 1993, aged 46, after developing liver cancer. The sculpture was designed by 18-year-old Hull College student Janis Skodins. It has been installed in the Michael Ronson Garden of Reflection, near the park's pavilion.
The device was stolen at Sunderland's Stadium of Light on 25 May. Northumbria Police found the phone at a house in Whitley Bay hours later. A 25-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of theft. The incident is being investigated by the Serious Organised Crime Agency.
The incident happened at the Gipsy Lane level crossing, near Ipswich. Paramedics were called to the scene but the woman was pronounced dead. The incident is being treated as non-suspicious and a file will be prepared for the coroner, British Transport Police said.
Mr O'Donnell said his anxiety was sometimes so bad he struggled to walk down the stairs before the live show. He said he was "relieved" to have been voted off the Strictly Come Dancing show. The 53-year-old said he wouldn't be doing any more reality TV, but would keep dancing.
Paul the octopus predicted the results of all of Germany's games at the 2010 World Cup. There are now eight contenders in the race to become the next 'psychic' octopus. One of them is Lola from France, who lives at the Sea Life Centre in Munich.
Colwyn Bay were relegated from the Conference North at the end of the 2014-15 season. The Seagulls are nine points from safety with eight games remaining. Captain Carl Rodgers and Luke Denson will be in charge for Thursday's home game against Mickleover Sports.
Lorna Clarke, from Oxford, took the the women's title. It's the second time she has entered the games. Organisers said 190 competitors from countries including Russia, the USA and Japan took part in the event in Southwick, Northamptonshire. Since it began in 1965, the event has raised about Â£400,000 for blind and visually impaired charities.
The sofa was seen perched in the boot of a Toyota Celica in Long Stratton, Norfolk. Police found it was tied in by a loose, thin, suitcase-like strap. The driver was given a traffic offence report notice and may face more action. The Norfolk and Suffolk Roads Policing Unit tweeted about it.
The nEUROn could be the future of combat aircraft, says Eric Trappier, chief executive of French firm Dassault Aviation. He believes there is a clear role for unmanned aircraft to play in future conflicts, with fleets of pilotless planes being directed to targets by controllers on the ground. But the issue is not whether or not drones should be used, but how they should be operated.
The BBC's Mohamed Madi goes to Soho's Greek Street to find out what's going on. He talks to a man who claims to have seen a man with a gun in the street. The man says he saw a man carrying a gun and a woman with a woman in a car.
UN ambassador Nikki Haley says it is "hard to accept" that resolutions had been passed against Israel, a US ally. She also said not enough had been done to criticise Iran, a "country with an abysmal human rights record" Mrs Haley was making her first address to the Human Rights Council in Geneva.
Church says it has a "moral responsibility" to act on environmental issues. It will sell investments worth £12m in firms where more than 10% of revenue comes from extracting thermal coal or the production of oil from tar sands. The Church manages three investment funds worth about £8bn.
Swansea lost 3-1 at home to Liverpool in the Premier League on Saturday. The defeat leaves the Swans just one point above the relegation zone. Manager Francesco Guidolin is in the dark about his future at the Liberty Stadium. The club's American owners are compiling a shortlist of potential successors.
Alejandro Dominguez opened the scoring for Olympiakos. Joel Campbell's precise shot doubled the visitors' lead. Robin van Persie blazed over the top when they finally opened up the Greeks. United registered only one shot on target in a poor performance. United's last European comeback came against Barcelona in 1984.
The United Jihad Council - a coalition of militant groups fighting Indian rule in Kashmir - has claimed responsibility. The attack on the Pathankot base near the Pakistani border is seen as an attempt to derail recent peace moves by Pakistan and India. Five militants and seven Indian soldiers have so far been killed during four days of fighting.
The woman, named only as Uzma, was escorted across the Wagah border by Indian High Commission officials. She has accused her husband, Tahir Ali, of torturing her. He denies the allegations. The incident comes amid increasing tension between India and Pakistan. It comes after Pakistan sentenced an Indian national, Kulbhushan Jadhav, to death.
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Danny Alexander, former Lib Dem leader Charles Kennedy and John Thurso were beaten by the SNP. The turnout for the constituencies involved exceeded 70%. SNP's Angus MacNeil held his seat in Na h-Eileanan an Iar - which covers the Western Isles - with 54% of the votes.
Madagascar suffered five years of political turmoil beginning in 2009. Andry Rajoelina ousted Marc Ravalomanana from power. U.S. embassy in Antananarivo urged MPs to put stability of the country first. The constitutional court will now decide whether he has violated the constitution and can be dismissed.
Cook's 263 is the third-longest innings by time in Test history. Joe Root made 85 and Ben Stokes hit 57 as Pakistan's bowlers toiled. With two wickets remaining and England's first-innings lead slim, a draw remains the most likely result.
Glasgow's three further education colleges have agreed to join a national pay bargaining system. EIS general secretary Larry Flanagan said a "U-turn" by the Glasgow colleges marked a "significant early victory in the campaign for fair pay in all Scottish colleges" Two days of strike action in this campaign are planned for next week.
Two British citizens were killed in a drone strike in Syria. Prime Minister David Cameron says the attack was legal. But there are calls for more information on the circumstances of the attack. The UK has the right to act in extremis without permission from MPs, says Downing Street.
The castle is taller than the Great Wall of China and can be used by 100 people. It will also appear at the organisers' other festivals - Bestival on the Isle of Wight and Camp Bestival in Dorset. The current record for a bouncy castle was set in 1997 by Dana Caspersen and William Forsythe.
The suspected firearm was discovered in a bin at Vere Foster Walk. It is understood that the item is not linked to the police investigation into a shooting at a petrol station in north Belfast on Sunday. A police officer was wounded in the incident. The suspected firearm has been taken away for examination.
The girl, Yuyun, went missing on 2 April on her way back from school. Her body was found two days later by villagers, bruised, beaten and with her hands tied. Five men are also facing trial in connection with the case, and two more suspects are still on the run.
The incident took place in the western Mexican state of Michoacan. Police say they were responding to an attack on a ranch. But the victims' families claim they were killed in a gun battle. The incident is being investigated by Mexico's National Human Rights Commission. The commission says the deaths were the result of an attack by a cartel.
Computer systems behind airlines' travel bookings system dated from the 1970s and 1980s. Two researchers demonstrated the weaknesses by changing a flight booking and seat assignment for a reporter. The systems have no way to check, or authenticate, who is querying the system for flight details.
Survey finds 94% of officers believe morale in the service is low or very low. 59% of police officers said their own personal morale was low, compared with 28% of people in the armed forces. Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo) said they were working to improve morale.
Leeds held a four-point advantage at the break after two converted tries from Jamie Peacock and one for Ash Handley, with Lama Tasi and Niall Evalds replying for Salford. Rob Burrow then scored Leeds' fourth try, butEvalds reduced the deficit. Zak Hardaker's try on the hour, followed by Kevin Sinfield's fourth conversion, sealed the Rhinos' win.
Oxfordshire County Council has agreed to continue the policy when the shopping centre reopens next year. Council officers have estimated the number of pedestrians using the road will increase by 145% from 4,000 per hour up to 9,800 per hour. The Secretary of State for Transport will now have to approve the plan before it comes into effect.
England are scheduled to play three one-day internationals and two Tests in Bangladesh. The ECB said that "safety and security of players was always paramount" England will play all their fixtures in Dhaka or Chittagong during their month-long visit, which begins with an ODI on 7 October.
Lancashire County Council is set to hold a meeting on Monday to discuss the state of the county's finances. The council has been under pressure to make changes to its budget after a series of budget cuts. It is also under pressure over the cost of running the council, which has been reduced to £1.5billion.
Prime Minister to meet Spanish counterpart in Madrid on Monday. He will then travel to Paris for a meeting with French President Francois Hollande. Mr Cameron says the EU needs to be more flexible to allow non-eurozone countries to opt out of certain laws and directives. He has pledged to hold an in-out referendum if the Conservatives win the next general election.
The Gulls beat Solihull Moors for a first win in nine, but Nicholson was unhappy with the attitude afterwards. Torquay have not beaten Tranmere since 1998, having lost the last three matches the two sides have played since Rovers were relegated to the National League.
It will be the first time the so-called "corpse flower" has ever blossomed in Scotland. It gets its name from the stench of decaying flesh it produces, to attract insects to pollinate it. The full bloom could take at least a week, and may only last for 48 hours.
Tyson Fury and his cousin Hughie, also a heavyweight boxer, had been charged with a doping offence. Fury has denied any wrongdoing and threatened to sue Ukad. Fury claims he was told by Ukad that he would face no action over the test. All tests taken at the time, as well as all tests since, revealed no traces.
Bodies of Lukasz Slaboszewski, Kevin Lee, and John Chapman found in ditches. Joanna Dennehy, 31, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough, pleaded guilty at the Old Bailey earlier. She also admitted two additional charges of attempting to murder two other men.
The technology could be used to allow people to fly drones without a pilot. It works by detecting activity in specific parts of the brain. The technology is being developed with the help of the UK's National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) The technology could also be used in the future to control larger aircraft.
Ken Cresswell, 57, John Shaw, 61, Michael Collings, 53, and Christopher Huxtable, 34, died in the collapse. RWE NPower closed the coal-fired facility at the site in March 2013. The last of the bodies was not discovered until September.
The Democratic Party of Indonesia (PDI) won 19% of the vote. The party must win at least 20% to be allowed to run for president. The PDI is expected to form a coalition with other parties to form the next government. The next election will be held on July 25.
SABMiller said it had agreed "in principle" a £44-a-share offer. AB InBev's brands include Budweiser, Stella Artois and Corona. SABMiller produces Peroni and Grolsch. If deal goes ahead, newly-created firm will make about 30% of the world's beer.
The Transforming British Tennis Together initiative aims to make the sport more accessible. Over the next 10 years, it will raise the number of covered and floodlit courts by 50%, refurbish facilities and make courts easier to book online. The initiative has been tried out on a trial basis in 10 towns and cities, including Sheffield.
The South West will get £19.1m of the £60m annual fund. It accounts for 21% of all second-home ownership in England. The money will be distributed to "community-led" groups. Last year saw the lowest level of new affordable homes built since 1991.
The matches - dubbed Brains v Artificial Intelligence - are being held over 20 days. The goal is to see if a computer can beat four of the best players in the variant of poker known as no-limit heads-up Texas hold 'em. A similar contest in 2015, with a computer program dubbed Claudico, failed to beat the humans.
Virgilio Correia, 35, will serve at least 16 years in prison for the murder. Christopher Menaul, 27, from Antrim, given at least nine years in jail. Judge said the murder had been carried out by "drug-addled, parasitic assailants"
Government forces retook the hospital after several hours of fighting. More than 20 IS fighters were also reported to have been killed. Deir al-Zour is in an oil-rich area and on a vital supply route to the city of Raqqa. The group has been trying to take control of the city for more than two years.
Pham Minh Hoang, 56, admitted having joined an opposition group. He said his writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone. His family has said he will appeal against the sentence. His wife, Le Thi Kieu Oanh, said she was "utterly shocked" by the decision.
Brazil and Mexico are the first teams to play their second game, on the same day as the opening fixtures in Group H. The second round of group games include must-win matches for England, against Uruguay, and Spain, who face Chile. Lawro picked his two teams to go through from each group and reach the knockout stage.
Streaming revenues jumped more than 60% in 2016, and accounted for close to a third of label revenues. The BPI said streaming would overtake revenues from physical sales in 2017. YouTube said it was working "with the music industry to bring more money to artists, labels and publishers"
Lawsuits claim Uber did not carry out adequate background checks on its drivers. The settlement requires court approval and applies to journeys booked in the US between 1 January 2013 and 1 January 2016. Uber track drivers' cars via GPS and shares a photo of the driver with customers before they get in the car.
The three-year-old male lion escaped from the Karoo National Park. It is believed to have left the park, near the small town of Beaufort West, through a hole under the fence. A tourist was killed last week by a lion at a game park near Johannesburg.
The floor stone will be unveiled on 2 December 2016, the 31st anniversary of Larkin's death. The last poet to be honoured was Ted Hughes in 2011. Larkin is widely regarded as one of Britain's finest 20th Century poets. His words are quoted more frequently than those of any of his poetic contemporaries.
Janet Commins' body was found near a school field in Flint, north Wales. Stephen Hough, 58, was convicted of manslaughter, rape and sexual assault. He was sentenced to 12 years and a further three after admitting sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in 2016.
Salva Kiir and Riek Machar have been embroiled in a power struggle for months. Mr Kiir is battling to maintain control of the Sudan People's Liberation Movement. There is a real fear that the sacking could further divide the country along ethnic lines. South Sudan has suffered from chronic economic problems since it split from Sudan in 2011.
Russia's space agency says Progress M-27M is now orbiting in an uncontrolled spin. It cannot reach the ISS and is likely to break up on re-entering Earth's atmosphere. Progress was to deliver food, water, fuel, oxygen and clothing to the crew of six.
UK Prime Minister David Cameron wants to take refugees directly from camps like this in the Middle East. The logic is that it will stop people making the perilous voyage across the Mediterranean. But it may already be too little, and far too late. Taking 4,000 more people each year until 2020 will hardly dent the problem.
The yacht ran into trouble between Bokpunt and Gansekraal on Monday. A 61-year-old Scottish man and a woman, 49, from the Republic of Ireland, died. A 66- year-old man, also from Ireland, made it ashore and raised the alarm. The South African Maritime Safety Authority is investigating.
A number of homes were inundated in Gorleston and nearby Bradwell. The flooding followed a 90-minute downpour in Great Yarmouth. Fire station said drains and pumping systems were unable to cope with the amount of rain. They prevented some homes from being flooded by pumping water away.
Sox was discovered under a car in Kirkton, Glasgow, in March. The three-year-old cat suffered hypothermia and died the following day. Post-mortem examination revealed she had been poisoned with antifreeze. The Scottish SPCA said it was aware of a number of potential cat poisonings.
"Caucasian Heritage Night" quickly became a top trending term on Twitter in the US. The Owlz are a rookie-league team - the most entry level division of the minor leagues. The team is associated with the Angels, a major league team in California.
Natalie Hemming, 31, has been missing since Sunday afternoon. She is described as white, 5ft 3in tall, with brown hair and blue eyes. She was last seen wearing a blue top, blue jeans and a black jacket. Police are appealing for anyone with information to contact them on 101.
Lorde said she had to be hooked up to an IV drip, referring to herself as a "cute lil propped-up corpse" MTV tweeted a picture of the singer seeming to jump on the stage and the caption: "The ground is the flu trying to stop you glowing up at the #VMAs"
A red Ford Fiesta travelling north at Drumjohn, near Carsphairn, was in collision with a white Asda delivery van. The van driver Scott Kennedy, 46, was taken by ambulance to Ayr Hospital where he died a short time later. The Fiesta driver,  50 year old Antony Sztuka, died at the scene.
Leicester City won the Premier League title last season. The Foxes face Sevilla in the last 16 of the Champions League. The city has seen a surge in visitors since the title win. But is it time to give up on the dream of Champions League glory?
Gubbins (109) hit 15 boundaries as he enjoyed a 198-run partnership with opener Sam Robson (99). Robson fell one run short of a fourth ton of the season, being bowled by Joe Leach (4-64) for 99. Paul Stirling (85) played solidly as Middlesex reached 407-9 at stumps.
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair has not apologised for his decision to go to war. Former US President George W Bush said he was "comfortable" with the decision. Former Labour leader Ed Miliband said it was "wrong" to take the UK to war in Iraq. British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he would learn lessons from the conflict.
Four women were celebrating on the River Dart, Devon, on Saturday. The vessel became stuck in mud as the tide went out. An RNLI spokesperson said the group were "cold but otherwise unhurt" They came back to the lifeboat station for a warm drink and to meet and thank the crew.
An Adventure in Space and Time will be shown as part of Doctor Who's 50th anniversary. It will tell the story of the formation of the sci-fi drama in the early 1960s. The one-off drama will be written by Mark Gatiss and directed by Brian Cox.
Hinkley Point C would be the first new nuclear power station to be built in Britain since 1995. The commission has been examining whether funding for the Â£16bn plant broke state aid rules. Anti-nuclear campaigners have called the commission's decision a "U-turn"
The couple, from Halstead, suffered "life-changing" injuries. The woman remains in a critical condition and the man is still being treated. The computer-generated image was created with the help of one of the victims. It shows a black man of medium height, possibly in his 20s, with cropped black hair.
Built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court. It will house the town's library, a cafe, community space, and local history collection. Work is being funded by a Â£2.3m lottery grant from the Welsh Government.
Downing Street said the prime minister accepted reforms needed to take place. But officials have refused to say when any decisions might be taken. Critics say stop and search unfairly targets the black community. In November, the Equality and Human Rights Commission said black people were six times more likely than white people to be stopped.
Glentoran have slumped to 10th in the table after taking just one point from a possible 15. Former Carrick boss Haveron was appointed Glens supremo this week. Ballymena United travel to their fiercest rivals Coleraine looking to make it four wins in a row in the league.
Members of the Clwyd North Division are against the changes. Clinical staff could be transferred to Ysbyty Gwynedd and Wrexham Maelor hospitals. Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said it was "disappointed" by the vote.
McCann's men beat the Highland League champions 2-0 at Dens Park. Faissal El Bakhtaoui and Sofien Moussa secured victory in the Group C match. McCann expects much better in the upcoming League Cup matches against Cowdenbeath and Dundee United.
Slovakia was part of Czechoslovakia until the "velvet divorce" in January 1993. It has been seen as one of Europe's biggest success stories. It joined the EU in 2004 and the eurozone in 2009. Its forces have taken part in the Nato-led operation in Afghanistan.
Barker is set to start training with Burton after undergoing minor knee surgery. The 33-year-old has not played competitively since dislocating his knee and rupturing ligaments in March 2012. Barker captained Derby under Clough and has expressed a desire to return to play professionally.
The pavilion and green from Billingham's John Whitehead Park are to form part of the 1950s town in Beamish open air museum. The Â£10.7m 1950s development will also include an original house, shop and cinema from the era. Beamish is also seeking people's memories of the bowling pavilion.
England beat Belgium 1-0 in their final Euro 2016 qualifier. Karen Carney scored the only goal of the game in the second half. It was the first time England had won a competitive match since November 2002. England's next game is against France in Doncaster on November 25.
Google acquired Titan Aerospace in 2014, reportedly fending off a bid from Facebook. The drones were designed to bring the internet to remote rural areas. However, the solar-powered vehicles have faced technical difficulties and funding challenges. A statement from X, the Google division responsible for Titan, confirmed the news.
Joseph Mensah was arrested on suspicion of assault on Sunday. He was transferred to Manchester Royal Infirmary with leg injuries. After jumping from the first-floor window, he is believed to have caught a number 50 bus. He is described as black and of heavy build and was wearing a dark coat.
Frank Pantridge was born on 3 October 1916 in County Down, Northern Ireland. He invented the world's first portable defibrillator in 1965. He was captured during the fall of Singapore in 1942 and spent time as a slave labourer on the Burma Railway. He died in 2004 and is remembered as both complex and outspoken.
The Lionhearts were outclassed by their Cuban opponents, who claimed the first six bouts to seal a second WSB title in three years. It was heading for a clean-sweep for Cuba but British super heavyweight Frazer Clarke beat Leinier Pero in the final bout to earn a consolation point.
Hull KR coach James Webster described his side's performance as an "utter embarrassment" Will Hope, Richard Lepori, Steve Roper and Adam Clay scored tries for the hosts. Batley Bulldogs are also through to the sixth round after a 28-10 victory over fellow Championship side Featherstone Rovers.
Iranian dailies welcome plans to turn Evin prison into a park. The prison, covering 43 acres, has thousands of inmates, including political prisoners. Human rights activists say they have documented systematic abuses there. Many commentators on news websites and social media were critical of the plans.
Accident happened on the A701 Howden Hall Road in Kaimes at about 07:50. The woman was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. The road was closed between Alnwickhill Road and Burdiehouse Road. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
The teenager was arrested outside a takeaway in Heywood in August 2008. She alleged one of the workers had groomed and then raped her. Greater Manchester Police investigated Kabeer Hassan and another man, aged 59. But it was nearly a year later when a CPS lawyer decided to drop the case.
There are about 500 deaths a year in the UK from cardiac arrest among the under-30s. Many sports in Britain regularly screen top athletes, although it is not mandatory. Research has suggested that those with inherited conditions are twice as likely to suffer a cardiac arrest if they play sport at a high level.
Radio 1's audience fell by 3.2% in the last three months of 2016. Radio 1Xtra fell 11.4% over the same period. Kiss is now London's most popular commercial breakfast show. Radio 4's Today programme recorded its highest ever audience.
John Duns Scotus was born in the town of Duns around 1266. He is considered by some to be a precursor of Rene Descartes and Immanuel Kant. A series of events kicks off with a talk in Hutchesons' Volunteer Hall on Saturday.
Tedesco has signed a two-year deal at Schalke. Last season, Tedesco took charge of second-tier FC Erzgebirge Aue. The division's youngest coach Julian Nagelsmann has extended his deal with Hoffenheim until 2021. He took over in February 2016 without a proper senior licence.
Celtic were charged after fans set off fireworks during the 1-1 draw in Group A at Sukru Saracoglu Stadium in Istanbul on 10 December. Uefa's disciplinary body also charged the club with improper conduct after five players were booked. Celtic finished bottom of the group and without a win in their six matches.
The Canal & River Trust said the path at Pontcysyllte Aqueduct would close from Monday until 17 February.Repair work is needed on the parapet of the 126ft (38m) tall structure. The towpath will be open outside these hours from Monday to Saturday and all day on Sundays.
Home clubs are now responsible for "good order and security" They must also take "appropriate" action against the culprits. The new rules come after a series of incidents in the Scottish Cup final. The Scottish FA says it is working with the Scottish Government on the issue.
Maoists are also known as "Naxalites" because of the violent left-wing uprising in 1967. Over the years they have asserted control over vast swathes of land in central and eastern India. More than 6,000 people have died in the rebels' long fight for communist rule.
New technique can trace lineage of hundreds of thousands of cells in mature fish. Could reveal how normal, diseased or damaged tissues are constructed and maintained. Can also be used to follow lineages during cancer formation - to tell us the relationships of cells within a tumour, and between the original tumour and secondary tumours.
The 37-year-old won four golds at the 2012 Paralympics in London. She is Britain's most decorated female Paralympian with 22 medals. She has won 11 gold, eight silver and three bronze medals in both cycling and swimming across six Paralympic Games.
Ehud Olmert is the first former head of government in Israel to be jailed. The 68-year-old was convicted over a real estate deal that took place while he served as mayor of Jerusalem. The judge also fined him 1m shekels ($289,000; Â£171,000) and ordered that 560,000 shekel in assets be seized.
Satellite-tagging will be used and re-offending league tables published. There is also support for a spaceport and driverless cars - but a planned British Bill of Rights is on hold. Out campaigners criticised the absence of a promised Sovereignty Bill and said legislation had been "watered down"
The 12-year-old was swimming with friends in Kakadu National Park. Another boy was also mauled by the crocodile, but managed to escape. Two crocodiles, one measuring 4.3m (14ft) and the other 4.7m (15ft), were shot.
England face Switzerland in their first competitive game since the World Cup. Roy Hodgson's side were knocked out at the group stage by Italy and Uruguay. The game at St Jakob-Park marks the start of England's qualifying for Euro 2016. The tournament will see 24 teams compete at a European Championships for the first time.
More than 60 people took their own life in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire last year. National body Choose Life is behind "Prevent Suicide - Northeast Scotland" The technology is aimed at being a stepping stone to specialised support. In January, it was warned that the growing numbers of job cuts in the oil industry was having a dangerous impact on the mental health of some workers.
Gregory Allen, 43, of Seacoast Road Bellarena and David McCullough, 68, of Old Antrim Road Ballymena were sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for two years. The men did not have a licence to keep tyres or to use any material as sea defences.
Australia had a first-innings lead of 86 when they were all out for 161. Kusal Mendis' 176 and 5-54 from Rangana Herath proved decisive. The second Test of the three-match series takes place in Galle, starting on Thursday, 4 August.
Typhoon Hagupit hits Batangas province, 60 miles south of Manila, with winds of 100km/h. At least 21 people have died, with eastern island of Samar worst hit. About a million people have been evacuated from vulnerable areas. City of Tacloban, which bore brunt of Haiyan last year, has emerged relatively unscathed.
Former England bowler Rankin will play for Ireland in January 2016. The 31-year-old suffered cramp in his sole Test appearance in January 2014. He will be available for the InterContinental Cup match with Papua New Guinea in Australia from 31 January to 3 February and then the ICC World Twenty20 in March.
Real Madrid on verge of breaking La Liga's all-time record for consecutive victories. Zidane's side beat Espanyol 2-0 on Sunday, their 16th straight win in all competitions. The Frenchman's side face Villarreal at the Bernabeu on Wednesday.
The aim is to ensure that cricket retains its popularity beyond the time when the current ageing generation which watches Championship cricket has gone. A Lord's one-day knockout final in July is the key outcomes. Michael Vaughan believes the T20 Blast should be seen on terrestrial television and not exclusively on Sky.
A 28-year-old man was arrested by police in the early hours on suspicion of drink driving. Town trustee Graham Mottram said: "Our major challenge is to put the monument back together again using as much of the original material as we can" The cross is a Grade II-listed building, which dates from about 1795.
Reunion is one of four French overseas departments and one of France's 18 regions. It is home to one of the world's most active volcanoes, the Piton de la Fournaise. As a French overseas territory, it has the same political status as other departments in mainland France.
Secretary of State Rex Tillerson said the US would consider working with Russia in some areas but would stand up for its own interests. US Defence Secretary James Mattis said Washington was not ready to collaborate militarily with Moscow. US intelligence services have concluded that Moscow hacked into emails of President Donald Trump's Democratic opponents during the election.
Rose fires five birdies and two bogeys at Quail Hollow Golf Club to sit at seven-under. Fowler (68) recorded six birdies in nine holes as he chases his first victory since Abu Dhabi in January. Defending champion Rory McIlroy had a one-over 73 to lie eight behind Fowler.
Alan Stubbs has signed a three-year deal with Rotherham United. The 44-year-old ended Hibs' 114-year wait to win the Scottish Cup. Hibs chief executive Leeann Dempster thanked Stubbs for his two-year spell. Hibernian have started the process of appointing a new boss.
Mosul Dam is a vital source of water and irrigation for the town of Wana. It was captured by IS militants in August 2014 but has since fallen into disrepair. The Iraqi government has been struggling for more than two years to strike a deal with an international company to undertake the much-needed repairs.
West Ham chairman sent a tweet by a prankster asking for a fan. The fan turned out to be £7m signing Michail Antonio. Antonio has made just one appearance for the Hammers this season. Gold has since deleted the tweet, but the prankster has pinned it to his timeline.
Butcher Mark Griffiths, 62, said: "For some families their whole Christmas spread has been taken" He said he was in talks with wholesalers to try to replace what was stolen. Mr Griffiths discovered the break-in at 05:00 GMT on Friday.
Azarenka won 6-3 4-6 7-6 (9-7) against Japan's Risa Ozaki. It was the 27-year-old Belarusian's first match since losing at the French Open in June 2016. The two-time Australian Open champion gave birth to Leo in December.
The Rhinos have been training across the city of Leeds since the river Aire burst its banks at Christmas. All seven training pitches and the main building at the Kirkstall site the Rhinos share with rugby union side Yorkshire Carnegie were contaminated by flood water. 80 members of staff based at the site, plus 120 players, have been kept out for the last month.
The deaths plunged the community in the town of Arnstein into mourning. The five young men and a woman, all aged 18 or 19, were found on Sunday. Police say a wood-burning stove was in use at the hut, but other possible causes are still being investigated.
Transparency International calls on western governments to do more to fight corruption. The report says it is a key part of the strategy of the Islamic State (IS) It says the West is ignoring the fact that corruption is a major factor in the rise of IS. It warns that without tackling the problem, IS will not be defeated.
"The good thing is it is going to be close. It's cool to see the racing is that close," says Vettel. "It is clear what we need to do to keep up with them," he adds. "We know we have a good package and we're going to try and use it"
Temperatures in Jupiter's upper atmosphere as high as 1,500C. First direct evidence of any activity. Could be driven by great Jovian thunderclaps, rumbling upwards from the churning red clouds of the Solar System's biggest storm. Further insights might come from Nasa's Juno spacecraft, now in orbit around Jupiter.
Bradford's membership was suspended in June when they entered administration. The governing body took the decision to switch the club's membership to OK Bulls Ltd after Khan's group bought the club from administrators in August. No decision has yet been reached on what division the Bulls will compete in next season but an announcement is expected by the end of the week.
Riders have already won this season's BBL Trophy and the league title. They meet Sheffield Sharks in Sunday's play-off final at the O2 Arena at 15:30 BST. The game will be followed by the WBBL final between Nottingham Wildcats and Team Northumbria, tip off 18:00 BST.
Kilmarnock beat Hearts 2-0 in their Scottish Premiership clash. Souleymane Coulibaly and Steven Smith scored for the home side. Tony Watt missed a glorious chance for Hearts in the first half. Lee Clark's side now sit fourth in the Scottish Premiership table.
Figures from the Association of Public Health Observatories reveal the UK is the fattest EU member and has one of the highest rates of teen pregnancies. UK also performs badly on female cancer survival and infant deaths. But life expectancy figures in the UK are slightly better than for EU counterparts and the nation also excels at treating heart disease.
The car tried to crash through the barriers at Place de la Concorde. Police opened fire as it sped away. One of the two is a 16-year-old male who said he was at the wheel. A third person, a young woman in hospital with bullet wounds, is also thought to have been in the car.
Sales volumes increased by 1.7% in November from the month before. Compared with the same month last year, sales were up by 5%. However, Lloyds Bank Commercial Banking said it was "too early" to say whether Black Friday was really a success for retailers.
Two-year-old Mandarin Princess was declared winner of race at Great Yarmouth. But the horse in question was due to run in a later race at the same course. Trainer Charlie McBride said he did not notice it was the wrong horse because he was "stressed and rushing"
Lord O'Donnell told the Times it would take Parliament "years and years and years" to separate fully from Brussels. He later told the BBC he did not think the EU would make the radical changes needed for the UK to remain a member. He said he was "not a big fan of referenda", adding that there were "ridiculous claims" on both sides of the debate.
Blaze at an industrial complex in Tongi, north of the capital Dhaka. Police said about 100 people were in the four-storey building at the time. Blast was caused by an explosion in the boiler room, officials say. Low-cost manufacturing is a mainstay of Bangladesh's economy.
Francois Hollande was taking part in a ceremony to mark 70 years since Allied troops liberated the last Nazi camps at the end of World War Two. Commemorations have also been held in northern Germany to mark the liberation of the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, where an estimated 70,000 people were killed.
US student Sanmay Ved bought the right to control the domain on 29 September. He was in charge of Google.com for about a minute until Google caught on and cancelled the transaction. Mr Ved has been given a "bug bounty" by Google's security team for revealing the weakness in the domain buying system.
10,000 strikers and 5,000 police officers clashed at the coking plant near Rotherham in June 1984. More than 120 officers and pickets were injured and 93 people arrested. The government has not yet taken a decision as to whether an inquiry will be held. Launching one now could prejudice the on-going investigations into the Hillsborough disaster.
Motherwell move above St Johnstone into fourth place in the Scottish Premiership. Mark McGhee's side will be assured of a top-half place if Partick Thistle fail to beat Dundee United on Tuesday. Iain Vigurs converted a penalty to bring Inverness level after Keith Lasley's foul on Ross Draper.
Chuck Feeney, 83, is the founder of The Atlantic Philanthropies. His foundation has made grants totalling $6.5bn (Â£3.9bn) His money has supported projects in Northern Ireland, the Republic of Ireland, United States, Australia, Bermuda, South Africa and Vietnam.
Jack Lopresti said a letter sent to party members was part of an "attempt to destroy my character and reputation" The Filton and Bradley Stoke MP left his wife for fellow MP Andrea Jenkyns, who gave birth to their son in March. He was reselected at a meeting on Friday evening.
Kabali, the star's latest movie, will be released in some 12,000 screens. Some companies have given their employees free tickets for the film. They say it is to avoid people calling in sick, turning off their phones or simply failing to turn up for work. The gangster drama has raked in some $30m (£20m) in film rights sales.
Police were called to Love Ranch brothel in Crystal, Nevada, after he was found unresponsive on Tuesday. He had to be driven to hospital because he was too tall to be airlifted in a helicopter. His condition is unknown but well-wishers tweeted their support following the news.
Theresa May will trigger Article 50 of the EU's Lisbon Treaty next Wednesday. The UK is the largest economy in the EU, with more than 1.2 billion people. The EU says it wants to avoid a repeat of the chaos of the financial crisis of 2008-09.
Wiggins' medical records were leaked by the 'Fancy Bears' hacking team. The 2012 Tour de France champion was given permission to take two banned substances. One of the substances, triamcinolone, was taken for an allergy to pollen. Wiggins' use of the substance was legal as it was covered by a therapeutic use exemption.
The Dolomedes plantarius spiderlings are hybrids between species found in Sussex and Suffolk. The 1,600 spiderlings were hand-reared in the kitchen of project leader Dr Helen Smith. They were released into suitable dykes at Castle Marshes between Lowestoft and Beccles.
The NLD won the majority of seats in Myanmar's general election. But a clause in the constitution prevents the party from having a president. The party has nominated Htin Kyaw, an MP from the Chin ethnic group, as its nominee. The winner of the vote will be chosen by the two houses of parliament.
Brittany Wenger is developing a computer program to analyse breast tissue. She wants to use it to help diagnose and treat cancer patients. She is also working on a computer programme to predict cancer recurrences. She says: "I was that kid who never outgrew the why?"
State-run Sudan TV is re-running programmes made during the north-south civil war. The programmes urge "jihad" against "the enemy" - namely, South Sudan's ruling party. The anti-war camp, meanwhile, is using social media to question the official narrative.
Nearly one in 10 people in South Cave have expressed opposition to the plans. South Cave Parish Council has also objected to the proposal. The development would include access roads and landscaping, together with a play area. The standard consultation on the proposals finishes on 7 April. It is hoped the development will meet the needs of the area.
European workers now make up 6.8% of Britain's workforce of 31.5 million. The number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by 224,000 in the past year. Supporters of the Vote Leave campaign said the latest numbers were evidence of "uncontrolled migration" The prime minister's office said the broader point was that the UK economy was growing.
The 76-year-old received the Â£25,000 prize for Squint (19) at Liverpool's Walker Art Gallery. Judge Ansel Krut said it was "quite extraordinary" and a "difficult painting to look at" The work depicts a leper squint, which Simpson said were "holes made in the sides of medieval churches so the undesirables could look through"
Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike, better known as Evans, says he was unlawfully detained and a subject of trial by media. Police have told the BBC that they obtained an order from the Federal High Court to hold him for three months. The police spokesman, chief Jimoh Moshood said that the suit was "mischievous"
Northern Ireland lost 2-0 to Azerbaijan in their final Euro 2016 qualifier. Jonny Evans was sent off for a crude foul on Mahir Shukurov. Michael O'Neill's side now have just two points from a possible 12. Gareth McAuley and Oliver Norwood are suspended for Tuesday's match in Israel.
The committee is intending to investigate the £1bn sale of Nama's Northern Ireland loan portfolio. They have written to Michael Noonan asking him to appear at the hearing. Nama is the Republic of Ireland's "bad bank", set up to deal with toxic loans during the Irish banking crisis.
Thames Water said the flooding was caused by a burst water main. It apologised to customers but said it could not estimate how many people were affected. Police and London Fire Brigade attended the scene, while trains were not stopping at New Malden station on Thursday evening. A Thames Water spokesman said: "Our engineers are on site and are working to isolate the burst pipe"
Crown Prince Naruhito, 56, is next in line to the Chrysanthemum Throne. A palace spokesman denied that there is any official plan for the monarch to abdicate. A change to the Imperial Household Law, which stipulates the rules of succession would require approval by Japan's parliament.
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan said drilling could have a significant impact on the environment. Tamboran Resources wanted to drill a 750m deep hole at a Belcoo, using permitted development rights. It issued a statement saying it was "deeply concerned" by the minister's decision.
Accountants' group says it would ease the "growing burden" on politicians. Parties in the assembly have questioned the idea on the grounds of democracy and accountability. A Welsh government spokesman said: "Ministers are selected from the membership of the democratically elected National Assembly"
Universities fear losing research funding, students and staff in the event of a "hard" Brexit. But some universities are considering expanding into Europe as a way round the problem. The University of Kent has had a centre in Brussels for almost 20 years, for more than 200 postgraduate students from 60 countries.
UK experts said people with long-term illnesses and undiagnosed diabetes often felt tired during the day. But they said there was no evidence that napping caused or increased the risk of diabetes. Long naps could be a result of disturbed sleep at night, potentially caused by sleep apnoea. Shorter naps were more likely to increase alertness and motor skills.
The team needed to finish in the top three to secure a spot at next year's Pyeongchang qualification tournament. However, in the play-off in Japan they were comprehensively beaten 5-1 by Slovakia. GB were last represented in the sport at the Winter Paralympics in Turin, Italy in 2006.
Daniel Rooney was 18 when he and a friend were shot by MRF soldiers. The army claimed the men were armed. Eyewitnesses dispute this, consistent with forensic tests. Mr Rooney was buried without a post-mortem examination. The PSNI want to see if the bullet can be retrieved from Mr Rooney's remains.
The Saltire Society organises the awards, which cover poetry, research, non-fiction, history and first-time writers. The Blade Artist, featuring the return of Trainspotting character Begbie, has been shortlisted for the Fiction Book of the Year award. The winner will be announced in Edinburgh on 24 November.
Former Nottingham Forest and Derby striker Robert Earnshaw admits to trying even harder in the very biggest games. Earnshaw scored five goals in seven appearances, including a lovingly recalled away winner for Forest in January 2011. The 33-year-old ex-Wales international was last season playing for Chicago Fire in Major League Soccer in the United States.
Prices in London rose by 5.5%, slightly lower than the average in England of 5.6%. Overall, UK house prices increased by5.2% in the year to the end of July. Prices in Scotland fell by 1.3% and were 0.7% lower in the North East.
Nearly four-fifths of the RCN members surveyed were worried about the cost of their accommodation. Last year 17% of all London's registered nursing jobs were vacant. One agency specialising in accommodation for NHS workers offers a single-bedroomed flat in Limehouse, east London for Â£1,350.
Karrueche has tweeted that she can "only take so much" from Chris Brown. It follows claims he fathered a child with another woman. US website TMZ claims the pair have known each other "for several years" Newsbeat has contacted representatives for Chris Brown, but has not received a response.
Sandra Bland, 28, was arrested on 10 July over a traffic offence. She was found dead in the cell three days after her arrest and officials say she hanged herself. A video of the incident shows the officer appearing to threaten her with a Taser and say: "I will light you up"
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is due to end his term in office on 31 December. The manoeuvring to succeed him is now moving into higher gear. For the first time in the 70-year history of the UN, the declared candidates will take part in public hustings.
The London trio are up for best UK act and best album. They also have two nominations in the best song category. N-Dubz picked up the best newcomer Mobo in 2007. This year's Mobos will be held outside of London for the first time.
Two 16-year-olds, three men aged 19, 20 and 21, and a 15- year-old boy arrested on suspicion of supplying class A drugs. Follows a week long crackdown on drug dealing in Gloucestershire. Police say operation was aimed at disrupting some of the major supply lines into the county.
Cook made an unbeaten half-century against the tourists for South Africa A in a warm-up match before the series. The 33-year-old is the son of former Proteas Test batsman Jimmy Cook. England have already won the four-match series and lead it 2-0 after beating South Africa by seven wickets in Johannesburg on Saturday.
Police arrested 14 anti-fascists after an attack on three bald men. Ch Supt Nev Kemp said some of the protesters were "intent on violence" The planned anti-immigration protest did not take place because protesters went to an event in Bristol instead. 10 men and four women were bailed to dates in July pending further inquiries.
Bhutan is a Buddhist country with an emphasis on gross national happiness rather than its gross domestic product. The country's prime minister has acknowledged that this much-lauded concept can be overused, and can mask the kingdom's problems with debt, unemployment and poverty. The Cambridges will be guests of a young king and queen that are held in high regard by its subjects.
In the late 1960s/early 1970s, the ice fields slipping down Mont Blanc and the surrounding mountains of the European range covered some 375 sq km. By the late 2000s, this area had fallen to about 275sq km. The retreat is not uniform across the French Alps, however. The greatest losses have been seen in the southern sectors.
Fergus Wilson has amassed nearly 1,000 buy-to-let properties in Kent. He banned "coloured" people from renting his homes "because of the curry smell" Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating and says it will seek legal action where necessary. Mr Wilson said it was "not a colour issue" but an "economic judgement"
Two tanks hit an electricity line and exploded when the train derailed near the village station. At least 20 buildings were damaged in the derailment and explosion. The authorities ordered an evacuation as firefighters battled the blaze. Bulgarian Prime Minister Boiko Borisov said he was travelling to the village.
Linda Clarke, 55, had cut her wrists and walked out of hospital. She sat on a ledge over the M602 in Salford before falling to the ground. Sean Earle, 26, "saw his opportunity" to steal her bag before running off. Mrs Clarke was pronounced dead in hospital.
Hamilton, 30, won a thrilling United States Grand Prix to seal the drivers' title with his 10th victory of 2015. He pressured team-mate Nico Rosberg into a mistake during a frantic last 10 laps after a safety car and swept by. Rosberg's error came a lap after a restart following one of two safety car periods. Sebastian Vettel could have kept the race open until Mexico next weekend had he finished second, but could manage only third place behind Rosberg.
Jamie Leek of Clifton, Nottingham died in Zante in June 2012 when he was hit by motorcyclist Spiridon Koklas. A Greek appeal court has upheld his sentence of four years and 10 months but suspended it for three years. His mother Lydia said the family "feel cheated of justice"
The 19in (48cm) replica with optic eyes and the "same make of teeth as the original", is being auctioned on eBay. Mr Anderson, who also created science-fiction series Captain Scarlet, Joe 90 and Stingray, died in 2013 following a battle with Alzheimer's disease.
English and maths will be the first subjects affected. The changes will be in stages, starting with pupils due to take GCSE exams in 2017. Wales is planning its own GCSE shake-up, but Northern Ireland is not planning any changes. Pupils who fail will be awarded a "U" for an unclassified result.
Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) has terminated the contract of former coach Stephen Keshi. The decision was made by the NFF's Disciplinary Committee. The NFF said the decision was taken without prejudice to the contract. This is the second time in three years that KeshI has been sacked.
Ministers are looking to limit access to benefits, housing and health care. They are also considering linking some benefits to contributions. The measures are designed to bring the UK into line with other EU member states. The current restrictions on Romanian and Bulgarian migrants will end in 2014. The UK is one of only three EU countries that does not have a work visa.
Noah Yabbacome, 24, was arrested after police raided the St Nicholas Vicarage in Lincoln where his father David was the parish vicar. Police found over 800 indecent images of children together with "extreme" photographs depicting bestiality. He admitted two charges of attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity.
95.1% of A&E patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission, transfer or discharge. The 95% target had not been hit for 33 consecutive weeks, since late last September. NHS England praised its front-line staff for dealing with high workload demands during a tough winter.
Couple in their late 50s have been approved foster parents for seven years. They were eight weeks into the placement when they were approached by social workers. The couple have been members of the party for "over three years" Rotherham Metropolitan Borough Council was "tipped off" about their membership. Council leader Roger Stone said it was launching an immediate investigation.
The wager on Murray would net a £175,000 return, including the stake. Ladbrokes believes it to be the largest tennis bet ever placed in Scotland. Murray ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's singles champion in 2013. The British number one is due to get his campaign under way against Mikhail Kukushkin on Tuesday.
A 20-year-old man was with a male friend in Old Rutherglen Road. Another man attacked him with a weapon at about 13:05 on 22 September. The victim was treated in hospital for a leg injury. Detectives believe the man in the images may be able to help with their inquiry.
Yarrington, who served as governor from 1999 to 2005, had been on the run for almost five years. A reward of 15m Mexican pesos ($800,000; £650,000) had been offered for information leading to his arrest. Officials did not reveal how they located Mr Yarrington.
Colchester's winless run in League One stretched to 17 matches. Gary Liddle was sent off after only 16 minutes for a foul on Kane Vincent-Young. Chesterfield kept the U's out until Drew Wright broke free with 20 minutes remaining. Lee Novak converted from the spot after he was felled by Richard Brindley.
The 122-year-old Victorian structure spanning the River Thames last underwent refurbishment in 1970. The City of London Corporation, said work will take place on the timber decking, lifting mechanism and water proofing its brick arches. Northbound traffic will be diverted via London Bridge and southbound via Southwark Bridge.
Sir Tom will be joined on the panel by Will.i.am, Jennifer Hudson and Gavin Rossdale. The Welsh pop legend accused the BBC of "sub-standard behaviour" last year. ITV has bought the rights to broadcast the programme from 2017 and has invited him back.
The original 21 books featured Julian, George, Dick, Anne and their dog Timmy. Their escapades, set during the '40s and '50s, saw the children having virtually adult-free outdoor holidays. The books have also been made into films, TV series and cartoons, as well as audiobooks, comics and video games.
Man, 65, suffered stab wounds to his head, shoulder, chest and back. He is now in a stable condition in hospital, police say. A 17-year-old boy was arrested at an address in Netherton, West Midlands. Police are still working to establish a motive for the attack.
Towie has been "largely positive" for Brentwood, where it is set. But "everything has a shelf-life", says Visit Essex's Lisa Bone. A meeting is being held on Tuesday to discuss the town's "sustainability" The show, now in its 11th series, features ordinary people in modified situations.
The 38-year-old was arrested on Friday on suspicion of preventing a lawful burial and perverting the course of justice. The child had not been seen in the 11 years since its disappearance was first reported. A woman, 31, previously charged in connection with the investigation, appeared in court in July.
Microsoft bought 925 patents and patent applications from AOL. It is now selling 650 of those patents to Facebook as well as licences to the other 275. Facebook also reported a drop in its first quarter profits to $205m from $233m a year earlier. The social networking site is preparing for a stock market listing.
Lions star had been out since sustaining a knee injury in Ireland's World Cup defeat by Argentina. Bowe played in the first half of the game in Naas before being replaced at half-time. His return is a timely boost as the Belfast club attempt to secure a place in the Pro12 play-offs.
The House Intelligence Committee had earlier this month asked the White House to hand over any such recordings. Mr Comey confirmed he had been asked by the president to "let go" any possible prosecution of Mr Flynn for lying to federal agents. When asked whether he thought the conversation had been recorded, Mr Comey replied: "Lordy, I hope there are tapes"
Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies defended his party from criticism. He said: "At every juncture we bring forward an alternative, we don't just criticise" Mr Davies called for an independent Keogh-style enquiry into the NHS in Wales. He praised Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb's handling of the Wales Bill.
Hearts finished fifth in the Scottish Premiership last season. The club signed nine players in the January transfer window. Six of the players have since left the club, including Dylan Bikey and Alexandros Tziolis, who is now back at Stoke City. Hearts boss Craig Levein says he has high hopes for the club's young players.
45 firefighters are tackling a mountain fire in the Swansea Valley. Fire crews have dealt with 623 deliberately-set grass fires since 1 April. Children as young as 11 have been arrested for starting blazes in south Wales. Residents have approached South Wales Fire and Rescue Service to volunteer as "spotters"
The winning proposal will be "connected to" the University of Chicago. The president was a law professor at the university and still has a home on the city's South Side. A formal announcement will be made the week after next, reports CBS. The 13 presidential libraries - spanning from Herbert Hoover to George W Bush - are administered by the US National Archives.
The Japanese firm expects net profit in the year to March of 1.7 trillion yen. That is despite losing its top-selling carmaker status to Volkswagen in 2016. Toyota said it had begun formal talks to work with Suzuki on projects. The partnership could also involve collaboration on vehicles that were less damaging to the environment.
Laura Matthews, 29, was told her signature infringed a trademark in July. She was issued with the document several weeks later, after threatening to take legal action. But she has now been told the passport was issued in error and has been cancelled. Ms Matthews added the middle name using a deed poll in 2008 "for a bit of fun"
Ummariyat Mirza, 21, of Birmingham, is charged with preparing for a terrorist attack in the UK. His sister, Zainub Mirza,. 23, is accused of sending Islamic State propaganda videos to others. They were remanded in custody at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
Queen's athlete Mitchell has achieved Commonwealth Games consideration standards. Derry Track Club's Kirk-Smith won the men's 3,000m steeplechase in 8:55.72. Mark English won his 800m heat in 1:53.35 to qualify for men's decider.
Rangers won their quarter-final against Dundee 4-0 on Saturday. Dundee United claimed a dramatic 3-2 win over Ross County. Celtic won the first of Sunday's quarter-finals, overcoming Greenock Morton 3-0.Hibernian and Caledonian Thistle drew drew 1-1 at Easter Road.
Bilawal Bhutto was visiting Karachi's Civil Hospital on Wednesday. His 10-month-old daughter Bisma needed urgent medical care. The infant's father alleged he couldn't gain entry for more than an hour. Bisma was his only child and was suffering from respiratory problems.
The men, from Gambia and Senegal, were crushed while working at Shredmet Ltd in Birmingham on 7 July 2016. They had come to the UK to work, some with their families, and were employed along with other Gambians at the plant in Nechells. The families said they were frustrated at the length of time the investigation was taking.
The Spiders' David Galt headed against the outside of the post before Shire took the lead. Thomas Orr took advantage of Bryan Wharton's poor header to burst through on goal and finish past William Muir. David McKenna doubled the advantage from close range and Scott Ferries' effort completed the win.
The first Syrian refugees arrived in Coventry in October. A total of 71 people have been resettled in England and Scotland. The Government has pledged to resettle 20,000 Syrian refugees by 2020. The scheme is expected to cost more than £1.5 billion.
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, 25, pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane as a would-be suicide mission for al-Qaeda. He was badly burned when a bomb sewn into his underwear failed to detonate fully, prosecutors said. His family quickly called on the US government to review the sentence.
Of the 38 people who were killed in the incident, 33 were on Tui holidays. The company said that in the three months to the end of June the attack had caused repatriation and cancellation costs of about €10m. Tui also said it had been hit by the continued economic turmoil in Greece, which made withdrawing cash from banks more difficult.
The cylindrical device was between six and eight inches long (15-20cm) It was discovered at the Scaur at Kirkcolm on Wednesday. A police spokesman said the small bomb was rusty and resembled a dog bone. He urged anyone who finds similar devices not to touch them.
Under the Affordable Care Act, employers are required to cover the cost of contraception with insurance. Religious groups argue that they should be exempt from the requirement because it violates religious liberty. The Little Sisters of the Poor, a charity that cares for the elderly, and other Roman Catholic groups were among plaintiffs.
Pilot Andre Borschberg was 36 hours into a six-day journey from China to Hawaii. Team will now wait in Japan for clearer skies before attempting to continue. Project co-founder Bertrand Piccard: "We are not daredevils, we are explorers"
Karamoko Dembele came on for the final nine minutes of Celtic Under-20s' win against Hearts. He replaced Jack Aitchison, 16, who became Celtic's youngest-ever player in the final game of last season. Celtic's head of youth, Chris McCart, said: "He has a lot of hard work ahead of him"
Colin Gordon has been in charge of Hereford since January. The 53-year-old is also the club's major shareholder and chief executive. Hereford are 12 points adrift of safety at the bottom of the National League table. Gordon previously had a four-game spell in charge following Gary Whild's departure.
The Furcast group says the 90-minute podcast went out without its knowledge and it is "deeply sorry" Two Texas stations were among those which broadcast the material, aimed at "furries"- people interested in animals that are given human traits.Broadcasters have been advised to change passwords on the hardware many of them use.
Manchester City held 1-1 by Swansea at the Liberty Stadium. Kelechi Iheanacho opened the scoring before Andre Ayew equalised. Manuel Pellegrini's side finish three points ahead of Manchester United. City's haul of 66 points is their lowest in the Premier League since 2008.
Five players are one shot behind Watson in China. Tommy Fleetwood is three shots back after a three-under-par 69. The 56 players who still have to finish their opening rounds will do so early on Friday before the second round takes place. The two-time Masters champion, 38, carded an eagle and five birdies.
Swindon lose 2-1 to Millwall in the Capital One Cup. Millwall have gone five games without defeat. Swindon's unbeaten run now stands at six games, while Millwall are 14th in the table. Neil Harris: "I thought we were outstanding in the first half"
Theresa May is under pressure over cuts to the police force. Police numbers have fallen by more than 20,000 since 2010. Labour says the cuts are not linked to the terror attacks in London and Manchester. But the Tories say the cuts have been made to make the police more effective.
The Fianna Fáil politician led the party in two coalition governments. He served as taoiseach (prime minister) for just under three years from 1992 to 1994. Sir John Major said Mr Reynolds' willingness to bring different sides together allowed them to "put aside disagreements" and retain a good relationship.
The cathedral was lit up in blue, white and red to mark Friday's attacks in Paris. The event was led by the Bishop of Coventry and the Duke of Kent. A similar event was held annually in Dresden to commemorate the allied bombing of February 1945, which destroyed the city's centuries-old baroque city centre.
The song topped the UK singles charts in February 1969. It was also number one in many other countries. He died after a six-year battle with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy. He wrote more than a dozen albums in a career that spanned more than 50 years.
The adaptation will be based on the critically-acclaimed first book in the Noughts and Crosses series. It tells the forbidden interracial love story between Sephy, a "Cross" and politician's daughter; and Callum, a member of the underclass. The drama is expected to air next year.
The charges include numerous counts of rape and conspiracy to rape. The offences are alleged to have occurred between 2005 and 2012. The six, aged between 22 and 38, are due before magistrates in Sheffield on 21 March. The charges relate to eight victims, South Yorkshire Police said.
Kompany had thigh surgery during the summer and was making his first appearance since May 4. The centre-back left the pitch just before the end of Wednesday's 2-1 EFL Cup victory over Swansea. His injury is not a recurrence of the calf problem that restricted him to 14 league appearances last season.
BP described the withdrawal as a "precautionary measure", adding that it would monitor the security situation. Gunmen have besieged the justice and foreign ministries recently, demanding that Gaddafi-era officials be expelled. The siege was lifted by Sunday and employees at both ministries were back at work.
It's not just the plans to force all schools to become academies that are causing concern. It's also the decision to delay the start of the new school year by a year. And it's the way in which the government is responding to the opposition to the plans.
The alarm was raised at 07:00 GMT at Altnagelvin Hospital. The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service was called. Up to 21 patients were moved to another area of the hospital. It is hoped that the hospital will return to normal later on Thursday.
Tommy Roome, of Rams Grove, Romford, has been accused of murdering Mr Hayden. Mr Hayden, 27, was stabbed outside his home in Chadwell Heath on 13 September. Mr Roome was also charged with the attempted murder of Mr Hayden's father, Paul, 46.
Felix Alexander, from Worcester, was hit by a train on 27 April last year. His mother Lucy Alexander has set up The Felix Project at Pershore High School. The programme aims to help teachers spot the signs of a child being victimised. It is being run by the children's charity Place2Be.
Angus T Jones, 19, says he no longer wants to take part in Two and a Half Men. He says the show's raunchy humour conflicted with his recent bible studies. Jones, who has been in the show since he was 10, reportedly makes $350,000 (Â£218,000) an episode.
Energy will travel via the world's longest sub-sea electricity interconnector. UK aims to import enough hydro-power from Norway to provide 14% of yearly household electricity needs. The North Sea Network (NSN) interconnecter is due to be completed in 2021 and will have a capacity of 1.4GW.
Jacob Brentnall drove to Manchester from his home in Nottingham after midnight. The 21-year-old then turned up for work in Derby despite getting no sleep. He said the attack made him feel "sick to my stomach" but it had been heartening to see people pulling together.
The lion, called Sylvester, crawled under an electric fence after heavy rains. He was fitted with a tracking collar after he was on the loose for three weeks last year. The hashtag #SaveSylvester has been trending in South Africa since Wednesday. In Kenya, another lion was shot dead by a ranger after he escaped from a park.
At times it felt disjointed as the local parties fought over different territory. DUP emphasised its potential role in a hung parliament. Sinn Féin portrayed the contest as a stepping stone towards next year's Dáil and Stormont elections. The DUP had to defend including a feasibility study for a tunnel to Scotland in its manifesto.
Ipswich have failed to score in seven of their previous 10 Championship games. The Rs have won only once in their last six matches away from Loftus Road. The win lifted Mick McCarthy's Ipswich up four places to 14th and above Rangers, who slipped to 15th.
40% of all the deaths have been in just the past three weeks. The World Health Organization is using an educated guess of 20,000 cases before the end. The true potential of the outbreak is unknown and the WHO figure has been described as optimistic by some scientists. As the total number of cases increases, so does the risk of international spread.
A PSNI officer posted on Facebook on Wednesday night that the petrol bombs had been found in Colinview Street and were designed to be thrown at officers. They said it followed an incident at Lanark Way earlier this week when a petrol bomb was thrown at police as they stood among a crowd.
Sentinel-1b was carried into orbit by a Soyuz rocket that flew out of Sinamary in French Guiana. New platform will monitor shipping lanes for pollution and icebergs, and survey land surfaces for evidence of subsidence. Both satellites are carrying laser communications systems to help get all the information to the ground.
The Scottish Fishermen's Federation (SFF) had taken a neutral stance before the 23 June referendum. The SFF is due to meet Fisheries Minister Fergus Ewing on Monday for talks about the way forward. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said one of her priorities is to protect Scotland's place in the EU.
The driver was pronounced dead at the scene on the A64 near York. Five other passengers were taken to hospital with non life-threatening injuries. Yorkshire Ambulance Service said they could not confirm who the private vehicle belonged to. Police are asking anyone who witnessed the crash or saw either of the vehicles before the collision to contact them.
The 28-year-old Croatia international will sign the deal, which has a £109m (125m euros) buyout clause. Rakitic has made 145 appearances for Barca since his 2014 move from Sevilla, scoring 23 goals. He played in Barca's famous 6-1 comeback win against Paris St-Germain in the Champions League on Wednesday.
Caley Thistle lie five points adrift at the bottom of the Scottish Premiership. Inverness are without a win in their last four league games. Manager Paul Foran has brought in former assistant Maurice Malpas. Foran says the board recommended he bring in Malpas to address defensive problems.
More than Â£30m has been spent on the town's flood prevention project. A drain had become blocked by debris, leading water to spill over. Fife Council said it was disappointed and frustrated at the flooding. Paul Starks said he felt "sick to his stomach" when he discovered a wall and railings had toppled onto his two cars.
Accounts Commission says East Dunbartonshire needs to save Â£22.3m by 2017/18. Council reserves are low and are projected to fall further, report says. Council urgently needs "clearer priorities" in its transformation programme, it says. The Accounts Commission is the public spending watchdog for local government.
Ronald Dickens, 47, followed a woman in her 20s into Newbold Road in Rugby. He dragged her into a lane and raped her in November 1985. A cold case review using new DNA techniques led to the breakthrough. Dickens, of Phipps Avenue, Rugby, admitted rape at Coventry Crown Court.
Zhou Youguang helped invent Pinyin, a writing system that turns Chinese characters into words using letters from the Roman alphabet. The 106-year-old is a defiant character, refusing to take much credit for his work or pander to the Chinese Communist Party. His daughter died of appendicitis just before her sixth birthday and he was persecuted during the Cultural Revolution.
Hyde is the Boro's fourth signing of the summer after Andrew Fox, Matt Godden and Rowan Liburd. The 26-year-old was released by York City after failing to score in 14 appearances last season. He netted 26 times in 69 appearances in a two-season spell at Barnet.
Theatregoers have until 12:00 BST on 19 September to cast their vote. The winner will be announced at a ceremony to be held in London's Guildhall on 26 October. The winners will receive a cash prize of up to £1,000 for their services to theatre.
Norwich striker Naismith has two years left on his contract at Carrow Road. The 30-year-old fell out of favour under Alex Neil and Alan Irvine. But he is looking forward to working under new manager Daniel Farke. Naismit is considering a return to Scotland at some point in the future.
Hearing partially improved when nerves in the ear, which pass sounds into the brain, were rebuilt in gerbils. Getting the same improvement in people would be a shift from being unable to hear traffic to hearing a conversation. However, treating humans is still a distant prospect.
The Westgate development in the city centre will eventually have more than 100 shops, 25 restaurants and cafes, a cinema and 61 flats. The multi-storey car park on the site was demolished last year. It will be replaced with a 1,000-space underground car park.
Tunisia's election process means that no party is likely to win a majority of seats in the renamed National Assembly. Political observers agree that the favourites are the Islamist Ennahda Movement and their secular opponents, the liberal Nidaa Tounes. The al-Qaeda-affiliated Okba Ibn Nafaa battalion, active on the border with Algeria, has threatened to disrupt the election.
Out Among the Stars comes out in March and features 12 tracks by the American singer. It includes duets with Cash's wife June Carter and friend Waylon Jennings. The tracks have never been made public before. They were not released at the time and the singer was later dropped by his record label.
Public Health Wales study looks at adverse experiences in childhood. Children with four or more ACEs, around 14%, are three times more likely to get lung or heart disease later in life. One senior health figure said instead of "mending broken adults" a focus was needed on "building stronger children"
Jim McCafferty, 71, charged with eight counts of touching a boy under 16. The crimes are alleged to have happened in Belfast between 2012 and 2015. He was escorted into the dock on a walking frame at Belfast Magistrates' Court. No application for bail was made and he is expected to remain in custody.
Laura Whittle, third at the British trials, joins compatriots Steph Twell and Eilish McColgan in the 5,000m. Hammer throwers Mark Dry and Chris Bennett have also been granted selectors' picks for places in Rio. It is the highest Scottish representation in track and field since the 1908 London Games.
Andy Smith, Marco Tabuas and Maykel Moreira have all left the club. Vale have lost their last three league games to slip to 17th in the table. Michael Brown has been placed in temporary charge of the Burslem-based club. They face Chesterfield on Friday before a trip to Oldham on Monday.
The union voted to lobby for libraries to be included in Ofsted inspections. Department for Education spokeswoman said school libraries "played a vital role" A third of secondary schools have had cuts of 40% or more since 2010, with 20% redundancies in library staff at their school.
Cafodd y gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn oriau mân fore Mercher, ac mae dros 200 o ddiffoddwyr a 40 injan dân wedi bod yn ceisio diffodd y fflamau sydd wedi lledu i 24 llawr tŵr Grenfell yn yr ardal.
Bournemouth were deemed to have failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. Part of the charge concerns a player not informing the club of his new home address. Manchester City were fined £35,000 and given a warning, after admitting a similar breach earlier this month.
Katharine of Aragon died at Kimbolton Castle in 1536, and was buried at the cathedral. She was cast aside by Henry VIII for being unable to provide the Tudor dynasty with a male heir. A festival marks the anniversary of her death and a Catholic mass is celebrated.
Turing's code-cracking work was vital to the Allies in World War Two. He was arrested after having an affair with a 19-year-old Manchester man. The conviction meant he lost his security clearance and had to stop the work. He died in 1954 from cyanide poisoning and an inquest decided that he had committed suicide.
President Obama has arrived in Jamaica for a three-day visit to the Caribbean. He is expected to meet with the leaders of the 15 countries in the region. He will also visit the US Embassy in Kingston, where he will meet with President George H.W. Bush. The president is also expected to visit the White House and the State Department.
The referee was happy with conditions when he arrived at 11:00 GMT, but the situation deteriorated and he called the game off after a 13:00 inspection. No date has yet been agreed for the rearranged fixture."The persistent rainfall over the last 18 hours has meant that the pitch is unfit and the referee had no choice," said Oldham chief executive Neil Joy.
Knox, 30, has arranged a practice round at Augusta with the 1988 winner. Lyle, 58, qualifies as a winner of the Green Jacket, and US-based Knox is the only other Scotsman in the field. Knox leapt up the rankings in November with victory at WGC-HSBC Champions event in Shanghai.
The 28-year-old was an ever-present in the side which won the County Championship title in 2016. Simpson has made almost 250 appearances in all formats for Middlesex. The left-hander has scored 6,687 runs for the club and has 472 dismissals to his name.
San Francisco and Santa Clara County sued in February. Trump administration has warned so-called sanctuary cities they could lose federal funds if they do not co-operate with federal immigration officials. On Tuesday, Judge William Orrick issued a temporary injunction against the presidential order as the case continues in the courts.
20,000 refugees will be brought to Britain directly from refugee camps around Syria. But Cardinal Nichols said most Christians did not go into the camps. It comes as the Archbishop of Wales, Dr Barry Morgan, will say that Britain has lost its sense of proportion in relation to the refugee crisis.
Police found the foetuses while investigating the death of a woman who had undergone an illegal abortion. Activists say the incident proves yet again that female foeticide is rampant in India. Police said that the woman had died in a "botched abortion", and they were looking for the foetus near a local hospital.
Dyddgu Hywel, Mel Clay and Sioned Harries all crossed in the first eight minutes with Alisha Butchers' try making it 24-0 at the break. Jess Kavanagh-Williams and Elen Evans added second-half tries with Elinor Snowsill converting four.RAF and Wales full-back Charlie Murray scored a late consolation.
Gareth Benbow, 33, of Inverness, was accused of having a vendetta against Raigmore Hospital. Sheriff Margaret Neilson said medical staff had saved his life on 19 occasions following numerous overdoses. She said he had a "misguided view" he was not treated properly.
Guitarist and co-songwriter Johnny Marr has released an extract from his upcoming memoir Set The Boy Free. He said he met with former band mate Morrissey in 2008. The pair discussed the possibility, which Marr said would "make a hell of a lot of people very happy" But "the distrust remained" between the two and the idea never came to pass.
Motherwell sacked manager Ian Baraclough last month. Gordon Strachan has been in charge of Scotland since January 2013. Motherwell are ninth in the Scottish Premiership, four points above the relegation zone. The Bhoys have won just one of their last nine league games.
Almost 25% of the world's food is traded on international markets. This makes food supply and prices vulnerable to unforeseen crises or climate change. UK-based Chatham House says more needs to be done to protect key transport routes. They urge governments to invest in "climate-resilient" infrastructure.
Virgin East Coast, Northern Rail, and Cross Country services affected. Reports of large queues at Newcastle Central Station. Buses organised to take passengers between Newcastle and Edinburgh. People advised to avoid travelling if possible.Services resumed late on Friday. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
Tumours in the ovaries are hard to detect in the earliest stages. A trial of 4,051 women showed the method could identify those needing treatment. A huge study taking place in the UK will give a final verdict on the test when it is completed in 2015.
England have scored 102 more points in the final quarter of matches than their opponents. England have won their past 10 Six Nations matches, and are about to take on a team who haven't won in south-west London in 34 years. Scotland are outsiders once again this weekend, but seldom in those 34 barren years have they travelled in such form.
Nicholas Figueroa, who was on a date there, and a worker, Moises Lucon, were reported missing. A further 22 people were injured in the explosion and subsequent fire, four critically.Utility inspectors had declared plumbing and gas work inside one of the buildings faulty just an hour before the explosion.
The Dtek50 is the firm's second Android handset after switching focus away from its struggling BB10 platform. One analyst said the phone was the "right move" but that the company still faced an "uphill battle" with devices. It will cost less than its previous handset Priv.
Antibiotic resistance in bacteria is controlled by naturally occurring genes. These genes are found on plasmids, small rings of DNA. Plasmids can move easily between bacteria, allowing them to acquire traits. The resistant organisms in people's guts can be washed into the river in faeces.
Man in his 30s attacked in Wythenshawe, Greater Manchester. He was taken to hospital but died from his injuries. Police are still trying to piece together what happened to the man. The incident happened at about 02:30 BST on Monday. The man's identity has not yet been released.
The scene from Alice in Wonderland in Wardie Primary's assembly hall dates back to 1936 and was recently restored with a Heritage Lottery Fund. Edinburgh City Council said it understands the offensiveness of the image but said it does not reflect the attitudes of the school. Police Scotland said it treats all reports relating to hate incidents extremely seriously.
The world number 45 lost 6-7 (2-7), 6-4, 6-0 to the defending champion. He will now play third seed Kei Nishikori in the semi-finals. British number four Aljaz Bedene was also knocked out in the quarter-final.
MacLean has scored 11 goals in 23 games for the Premiership outfit this season. The 33-year-old has also played for Scunthorpe United, Cardiff City, Plymouth Argyle, Oxford United and Cheltenham Town. St Johnstone have sent two youth players on loan for the rest of the season.
Dolly was created from DNA taken from a cell taken from an sheep. The cloning of the first animal from an adult cell was a remarkable scientific achievement. It promised new treatments for debilitating diseases. But it also raised fears of cloned human beings, designer babies and a dystopian future.
Mark McKenna, 38, from Northfleet, in Kent, pleaded guilty to arranging the commission of a child sex offence at Maidstone Crown Court last month. He was arrested near a car park at the Bluewater shopping centre in August. He had thought he was meeting the girl after sending her explicit messages online, but in fact had been talking to the vigilante group, The Hunted One.
The first of the attacks was near the Turkish border crossing. It is thought to be the first fighting in that area. The militants have been trying to overrun Kobane for the past two months. The US-led coalition is supporting the town's defenders with air strikes. Turkey has allowed some Kurdish fighters from Iraq to travel through its territory.
The Shoreham footbridge will cost £9.8m instead of the estimated £5.8million. Construction was supposed to have started in the spring, but will now get under way in August. The bridge is expected to take 45 weeks to complete and open to the public in the summer of 2013.
Ron Jones is celebrating his 100th birthday with a family party. He was one of the first British soldiers in the Second World War. He says he was changed when he returned to the UK after the war. "I was like a different person," he says. "It was a shock to my system"
The body of a man believed to be in his 40s was found in a field in the north of the country. The man is believed to have died of a heart attack. The cause of death has not yet been determined. The body was discovered in the early hours of Tuesday morning.
Manchester United will play Barcelona and Paris St-Germain in the International Champions Cup. Louis van Gaal's side will only be spending eight days in China, and play just two games. The first of these will be against German side Borussia Dortmund, who face Liverpool in the Europa League quarter-finals next month.
Aggreko reported a 24% drop in pre-tax profits for 2016 to £172m. It reduced the valuation of its US assets by £30m, though it said there were signs of that market recovering. Aggreko intends to cut annual costs by £25m, starting in the second half of this year.
Alasdair Dudgeon was killed near the Kincardine Bridge on 6 January 2013. James Sneddon, 42, was found guilty of causing the 51-year-old's death. Mr Dudgeon regularly cycled to and from his work as a baker at Tesco.
Ten Protestant workmen were killed when their minibus was ambushed in 1976. A file was passed to the PPS in August last year following the murders. The PPS has now decided not to pursue the case against any of the victims. The inquest into the killings is set to continue.
Mysterious pictures of a clown and a balaclava-wearing sidekick have caused a stir in Carrickfergus. Police said they started an investigation after receiving reports from parents that their children were frightened. The mystery man, who calls himself the Carrick "Killer Clown", contacted the police following the appeal to apologise for any distress.
Russia and Turkey have been shaken by the murder of a seasoned diplomat. But it has not prompted a new crisis in bilateral relations as some feared. Presidents Erdogan and Putin have used the same language, calling it "a provocation" But it could, conversely, bring together Russia and Turkey against the common enemy of terror.
The Palladian mansion near Guildford was bequeathed to the NT in 1956 by the Onslow family. The 8th Earl of Onslow, whose family rebuilt the house in the 1720s, has said it should remain a ruin. About 95% of the Grade I-listed house was damaged in the fire.
The majority of the political establishment have had to come to terms with the fact that most people ignored their advice to remain. The referendum result was a devastating indictment of the effectiveness of the billions of pounds of EU funds spent trying to regenerate economically deprived communities. Those who were most likely to vote to leave lived in communities where most EU money had been spent.
Os oes ganddoch chi awr i sbario y penwythnos yma Ionawr 28-30 mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar RSPB Cymru eisiau eich help chi. Pwyswch yma am yr ateb cywir ac enwau'r adar eraill.
Alex Baptiste heads in Daniel Johnson's free-kick to give Preston North End the lead. Cameron Jerome hit the post with a volley and forced Chris Maxwell into a fine reflex save with the follow-up. Bailey Wright cleared Alex Pritchard's header off the line as Norwich tried in vain for an equaliser. Preston's unbeaten run extended to seven games as they rose to ninth place in the Championship. Norwich slipped from second place to fourth as they lost for just the third time this season.
The Friesians were found in Dolwen, near Old Colwyn, on Friday. A post-mortem examination showed the cows, aged 16 months, died as a result of toxins found in yew and leylandii tree cuttings. The culprit is described as a heavily built man, aged 50 to 60, with curly brown hair.
Birmingham academies Park View and Nansen Primary will have their funding agreements terminated. Park View Educational Trust said it may be removed from running the schools. Oldknow Academy and Golden Hillock School were warned they could lose funding unless concerns were addressed. Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw said "a culture of fear and intimidation has taken grip" in Birmingham schools.
The 20-year-old follows Danny Ward from Anfield to the Dons. Northern Ireland international joined Liverpool from Glenavon aged 16. He made nine appearances while on loan to Barnsley in the Championship. His older brother Conor is also a right-back, with League One club Fleetwood Town.
Dr Thom was told he had been under the influence of alcohol when he punched the man. He was fined Â£360 after admitting the assault in court. The judge said he had learned from his actions and should not do it again. He said the incident was a result of a lack of doctors willing to work in remote areas.
Police were alerted to the stabbing in Harehills Lane at about 15:40 GMT. The wounded teenager was taken to hospital for treatment, but died a short time later. A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of murder, police say. He remains in custody for questioning.
Spencer came out on top to win the cow bell trophy as he beat  Louis Smith by almost one metre in the final jump. Made in Chelsea star told fans 'To all those who supported me in #TheJump thank you from the bottom of my heart. Love to all my fellow competitors too!!'
Fox has signed up to make a "put pilot" of Lethal Weapon. It will follow a similar storyline to the film, although Gibson and Glover will not reprise their original roles. The show will be written by Matt Miller, whose previous credits include Forever and Chuck.
Faulkner finished with 3-45 as Sri Lanka made 288 in Colombo. They bowled Australia out for 206 in reply to win by 82 runs. Amila Aponso finished with 4-18 in 9.2 overs. Matthew Wade's 76 the top score for the tourists.
Security minister James Brokenshire set out the motion, which was passed unopposed in the House of Commons on Thursday. The list of proscribed organisations includes ISIS, whose fighters are known to have been involved in conflicts in both countries. The four other groups to be banned are: Turkiye Halk Kurtulus Partisi-Cephesi (THKP-C); Kateeba al-Kawthar (KaK); Abdallah Azzam Brigades.
Estonia was ruled by Denmark, the German knights of the Livonian Order, and Sweden during the middle ages. It became part of the Russian Empire in the 18th century. It experienced its first period of independence in 1918, following the end of the First World War. But the new state was forcefully incorporated into Soviet Union in 1940.
Dumfries and Galloway Council has launched an online survey to assess what issues need to be addressed. A public consultation is also taking place at the Oasis Youth Centre on Tuesday which will show some suggested routes around a new educational hub being constructed. The move is part of a major schools modernisation project in the town.
Cardiff will appoint a head coach to look after the first team. Neil Warnock will be in charge for the final time when they host Birmingham. The Bluebirds were placed 11th at the end of the 2014-15 season. Slade succeeded Ole Gunnar Solskjaer who was in charge when Cardiff were relegated from the Premier League.
Pogmore admitted making recordings of people sunbathing nude and swinger friends having sex in their back garden. The 51-year-old was part of the South Yorkshire Police Air Support Unit when the aircraft was used to record footage. Four other men were cleared at Sheffield Crown Court of misconduct in a public office.
Committee chairman Daithi McKay of Sinn Féin said: "I am aware there are some efforts to stymie this inquiry" Loyalist Jamie Bryson claims to have information about the Nama loan sale. The Law Society is due to appear next Thursday.
The country's government has deemed him worthy of the Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit for his bravery. Echeverría reportedly tried to fight off the terrorists with his skateboard to save a woman. He was one of eight victims of the assault on the London Bridge area.
The 38-year-old had enjoyed a fine opening round, briefly leading the Championship and finishing two under on his Open debut on Thursday. But on Friday seven bogeys, three double bogeyys and only two birdies left him nine over to bow out.
The 39-year-old, from Ammanford in Carmarthenshire, revealed the news live on BBC One's The One Show on Thursday evening. It is Miss Jones' first child with partner Charlie Thomson and he was born in the morning of Sunday, 22 January, weighing 7lbs 11.
The Humber Bridge Board hopes to submit a planning application by the end of the month. The proposal would see visitors travelling under the bridge in a glass gondola before changing to a glass lift to ride to the top of the North tower. The bridge is 7,283 ft (2,220 m) long and weighs more than 500,000 tonnes.
Test your news knowledge with our 12 days of Christmas news quizzes. This quiz is day seven and asks questions about the month of July 2016.Good luck! The next quiz will take place on Friday, December 22. The quiz will ask questions about July 2016 and will run for 12 days.
Blair Turgott broke the deadlock with his 10th goal of the season in the 13th minute. Brett Williams' 36th-minute drive from close range hit the bar and went over. The visitors' search for an equaliser was just as fruitless after the break and Bromley are now up to 11th place.
The idea forms part of Labour's women's manifesto, released as a separate document to the party's main pledges. The manifesto also promises to tackle equality in pay and give more support for childcare and paternity leave. Labour's Harriet Harman said the document was showing women the party was "on their side"
Sarah Tait won a silver medal with Kate Hornsey in the women's pair. Tait was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013. Great Britain's Heather Stanning and Helen Glover became friends with Tait.Glover described Tait as an "incredible personality"
Shakespeare's play is critical of the king, calling him a "poisonous bunch-back'd toad" He was reburied at the cathedral in 2015 in a specially designed tomb. Richard III Society branded the decision as a "monumental mistake" The Cathedral has said the show will go ahead as planned in July.
Mr Bennett will take over from Peter Tyndall who held the office since April 2008. He will have legal powers to investigate complaints about councils and health boards. Mr Bennett said he wanted to ensure the office provided excellent advice for service users in Wales and help drive improvement in public services.
European Space Propulsion (ESP) Limited blamed disappointing sales for going into liquidation. It operated from missile maker Thales UK's factory in Castlereagh. Its offices were opened by the former First Minister Peter Robinson. He expressed delight the US company had selected Belfast as its European sales base.
New Zealand have beaten France nine times in a row and equalled Australia's record of 12 consecutive World Cup wins. France had hoped to draw inspiration from their World Cup upsets over the All Blacks in 1999 and 2007. But New Zealand never looked like losing against a Philippe Saint-Andre side forced to deny they are in outright rebellion.
Built by Europe's Airbus group, PerúSAT-1 can see features as small as 70cm. It features the vast Cuajone copper mine in the Andes, where 170,000 tonnes of metal are taken from the ground each year. The satellite is being operated by the Peruvian space agency, CONIDA, at a height of 695km.
Ahmet Davutoglu says air strikes on IS positions could "change the game" Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) urges Turkey to stop attacks on Kurdish units inside Syria. Nato is to hold an emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss the situation. Turkey has requested the meeting based on Article 4 of the organisation's founding treaty.
The London Legacy Development Corporation (LLDC) has refused to reveal the deal. Supporters' trusts say the deal is not in the public interest. The deal allows West Ham to play all of their home games at the stadium. The club has until 8 October to respond to the FOI request.
Australian jockey had appetite suppressant Phentermine in her system. The sample was provided by Payne, 31, at the Swan Hill Cup meeting in Victoria. She was advised of the test findings and stood down from riding in races and trackwork by stewards on 23 June. Rode Kaspersky into fifth place in the Queen Anne Stakes at Royal Ascot on 20 June.
Astra Giurgiu beat West Ham 1-0 to go through 2-1 on aggregate. Filipe Teixeira scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Hammers boss Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players.
World Mangrove Day marks the first anniversary of a project to protect Sri Lanka's mangroves. The forests provide habitat for fish and protect communities from tsunamis and cyclones. The Sri Lankan government has also included mangrove forest conservation into its national curriculum.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 2-1 in the Scottish League Cup final at Hampden Park. Tom Rogic scored a stoppage-time winner to complete a domestic treble for Brendan Rodgers' side. Aberdeen manager Derek McInnes admits his side "ran out of legs"
The living wage is calculated according to the basic cost of living. It is assessed by the Living Wage Foundation and economists at the Greater London Authority. Mayor Boris Johnson's office estimates 724 employers in London have now signed up. Employers now have six months to implement the new pay level.
Pamela Geller is the co-founder of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) She says the group was formed to stop the "Islamisation of America" and "creeping sharia" The AFDI is listed as an anti-Muslim group by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Ms Geller has been denounced by critics as a "bigoted blogger"
F1 driver Paul di Resto has left the team after 34 years. He was forced to quit after being found guilty of misconduct in 2009. Di Resto says he will continue to work with the team until the end of the season. He says the team is in a good position to take the next step forward.
The richest 20% of the population earn 20 times more than the poorest 20%. Guatemala is the country with the widest disparity. The region is the world's most urbanised, with eight out of 10 people living in cities. The report suggests that by 2050, nearly nine out of ten people will live in the cities.
An, ranked 132 in the world, finished on 21 under par. Miguel Angel Jimenez (67) and Thongchai Jaidee (69) were second and third. Chris Wood (66) was fourth on 13 under, one shot clear of Italy's Francesco Molinari.
Samir Hadji gave Fola Esch the lead on the stroke of half-time. But the hosts could not find the second goal they needed to progress. Aberdeen will now face Latvian side Ventspils in the second qualifying round, with the first leg at Pittodrie next Thursday.
McGregor had been set for a rematch with Nate Diaz, who beat him in their welterweight fight in March. UFC president Dana White said organisers were looking for a replacement for the Irishman. McGregor said on Sunday: "Happy to announce that I am back on UFC 200"
Defending champion Vincenzo Nibali wins stage 17 of the Giro d'Italia. Nibali held off Team Sky's Mikel Landa in a sprint finish in Bormio. Defending champion Tom Dumoulin was forced to stop the race with stomach problems. The Dutch Sunweb rider lost two minutes 41 seconds in the stage.
Allan Whittern ran the grocer's store in Suffolk Parade from 1932 until his death 50 years later, in 1982. The door painted with his father's likeness was donated by his son to the Wilson Art Gallery and Museum in the town. The Cheltenham Trust, which runs the gallery, wants to restore it for an exhibition later in the year.
Boris Johnson pulled out of a long-planned trip to Moscow after the US missile strike on a Syrian airfield. Team Boris briefed journalists that the foreign secretary wanted to get the G7 to agree new sanctions against Russia. But Mr Johnson entirely failed to persuade other countries to agree. Mr Johnson has provoked quite a lot since he became foreign secretary.
If confirmed by the Senate, James Comey will replace outgoing director Robert Mueller III. Mr Comey is known for successfully opposing a warrantless wiretapping programme backed by other Bush aides. Mr Mueller took up his post shortly before the 9/11 attacks and is retiring as director on 4 September.
Fourteen other coastal landmarks in England will benefit from a share of £700,000 from the Coastal Revival Fund.Communities Minister Mark Francois said: "We've got heritage hooks to be proud of, but some of these places need some tender loving care" A disused lido in Morecambe, Lancashire, will become a venue for festivals, arts and leisure.
The Russian military says it has found no evidence the plane entered Turkish airspace. It says it is still trying to recover the data from the plane's memory chips. The incident in Syria on November 24 has sparked a diplomatic crisis. Russia has imposed sanctions on Turkey in response to the incident.
The Northern Irish racer posted a lap of 123.650mph on his Classic Suzuki XR69. Michael Rutter, Ivan Lintin and Dean Harrison and James Hillier all posted laps in excess of 122mph. Bruce Anstey completed his first practice lap of the week (113.776mph)
Gillian Triggs told a senate committee that she had been asked to resign and offered a new role. The shadow attorney general has written to the Australian Federal Police (AFP) seeking an immediate investigation. The HRC released a report condemning the treatment of children in detention. Their report said that detaining children of asylum seekers violated international human rights law.
Twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) occurs in 10-15% of identical twin pregnancies. One baby gets too much blood and the other baby does not get enough. If left untreated 90% of these babies will die and even with treatment there is only up to 70% chance of both babies surviving.
King won team pursuit gold with GB at London 2012 and is a three-time world champion in the discipline. The 26-year-old represented England at the 2014 Commonwealth Games but is now based in Wales. King trains in Cardiff and is engaged to Welshman and former rider Matt Rowe, brother of Team Sky cyclist Luke Rowe.
Qandeel Baloch instigated a debate in Pakistan on whether choosing to defy family and societal norms symbolised women's empowerment. In death, too, what police suspect is an honour killing carried out by her brother reflects a deeply divided country. On social media, some believe her brother was justified in killing her.
More than a million people were killed in the Holocaust. The list includes names, places and dates of birth. It is the only one of its kind in the world. The information was gathered from Poland, Germany, Austria and the U.S. It will be used to prove that Auschwitz was not a Polish-run camp.
He initially experienced racial abuse, but explains to BBC Sport's Nick Hope how he overcame that. After briefly considering representing France, he is now targeting a medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics. If you'd like to find out about how to get into martial arts, read our special guide.
Last season's Premier League champions are fighting relegation. Leicester were beaten in the FA Cup by League One side Millwall. Millwall won with a last-minute goal from Shaun Cummings, despite playing for most of the second half with 10 men. Leicester face a Champions League last-16 first-leg trip to Sevilla on Wednesday.
The crash happened at 23:00 GMT on Wednesday on Sheffield Road at Hoyland Common. The 85-year-old was taken to hospital where she later died. Three other people in the grey Ford Mondeo, an 82-year -old woman, a 77 - year-old woman and a 67 - year -old man, suffered minor injuries.
Sian O'Callaghan, 22, was last seen leaving Suju nightclub at 0250 GMT on Saturday. Police say the journey could only have been made by car. A £20,000 reward to help find her has been offered by an anonymous donor. About 400 people took part in the search of Savernake Forest near Marlborough.
More than 2,800 children are currently waiting to be seen. The money will be used to create 35 new posts across Northern Ireland. The number of referrals for autism assessments has nearly doubled in five years from 1,500 to 2,000. The extra money should help match pace with demand, health minister says.
The device was towed by a Navy bomb disposal team to a detonation site in the Solent. Some trains were halted and early ferries were delayed, following the find on Friday afternoon. Wightlink Ferries said services were now back on schedule. The train line between Portsmouth and Southsea and Portsmouth Harbour has also re-opened.
First formal talks since Carwyn Jones and Leanne Wood were tied 29-29 in a Senedd vote on Wednesday. Labour fell short of a majority at the 5 May election and needs opposition support to govern. Labour and the Lib Dems confirmed talks were continuing between their parties.
"Sometimes I wonder if this is 2016 or 1962," Mr Medvedev said. The Cold War was a period of ideological confrontation between the former Soviet Union and Western countries. It began after World War Two and ended with the collapse of the Soviet-led communist camp in the 1989.
The new species of shrimp was found off the Pacific coast of Panama. It uses its large pink claw to create a noise so loud it can kill small fish. The team behind the discovery vowed years ago if it ever found a new pink shrimp it would "honour" the rockers.
Harvard researchers have created a bio-glue that moves with the body. The glue is three times stronger than any other medical adhesive. It is as strong as the body's own cartilage and can seal a hole in a pig's heart. Experts say there will be "absolutely huge demand" for the glue.
Integrated Care 24 (IC24) runs non-emergency 111 and out-of-hours services in Norfolk and Wisbech. Interim report into IC24 found deficiencies in call handling and a shortage of GPs. Staff said they had been asked to alter their records. IC24 said it had addressed the issues.
Katherine, 21, and Alice, 19, were on a boat carrying 25 people. The boat hit a reef near Sumbawa, in bad weather on Saturday. The girls swam for eight hours to the shore before being rescued. They lost their passports, debit cards and cash in the accident.
The North Wales Building Preservation Trust will take control of the site. The council will still have to negotiate with the trust over the future of the building. The building is due to be sold to a private buyer at the end of the year. The site was built in the 1950s and 1960s by the Welsh government.
McLaren have won 182 grands prix, at a win rate of 23.18%. They have won 12 drivers' world championships, and eight constructors' titles. But the team are currently on the fourth row of the grid. The problems lie with the Honda power-unit. It is with Honda that McLaren achieved their greatest successes.
Three purses were taken from the Aberdeen Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay. The money was taken from three purses which had been left unattended. Police described the theft as a 'disgraceful incident' Anyone with information is urged to contact Police Scotland.
The US president-elect's transition team confirmed the acts would perform. Elton John and Celine Dion have refused to perform at the event. Mr Trump has claimed many celebrities have been requesting tickets for it. One performer who has already been booked is 16-year-old Jackie Evancho.
Millennium Time struck a tug on the River Thames in July 2014. Nine passengers suffered cuts and bruises. Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) said it was difficult to keep the vessel on a steady heading. Report also said the man at the helm at the time of the crash did not hold a boatmaster's licence.
Mother-of-four Joanne Thompson, 33, was found at her Old Mill Court home in Newtownards on Wednesday by a relative. Police want to hear from witnesses to any disturbance at a bonfire at Dakota Avenue in the town on Monday. They also want to see anyone who noticed activity around Ms Thompson's home on Tuesday night and the early hours of Wednesday morning.
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski, 33, stabbed himself before Haverfordwest magistrates on 11 January. He admitted possessing a knife and confirmed his earlier guilty plea to sexual assault. His case at Swansea Crown Court was adjourned for sentence until 6 March.
Voyage of Time, Nocturnal Animals and Les Beaux Jours d'Aranjuez will vie for the Golden Lion. Pablo Larrain's Kennedy biopic, Jackie, and Ana Lily Amirpour's cannibal love story, The Bad Batch, are also included as official selections. The 73rd Venice International Film Festival will close on 10 September.
President Museveni received nearly 61% of the votes, with Mr Besigye taking 35%. Foreign observers say the poll was conducted in an atmosphere of fear and intimidation. EU chief observer Eduard Kukan said the governing National Resistance Movement's "domination of the political landscape distorted the fairness of the campaign"
Rhiannon Smith, 21, was involved in a collision on the A48 in Monmouthshire. The trainee teacher, from Llandevaud, has since died. Her family said she was "the life and soul of a party" and had ambitions to work as a teacher in London.
Schalk Burger and JP Pietersen crashed over in a first half dominated by the powerful Springboks. Scotland struggled to make inroads until a thrilling Tommy Seymour try. Handre Pollard kept South Africa at a safe distance and Bryan Habana added a late score to reflect the gulf in quality. Scotland now look ahead to next weekend's clash with Samoa, knowing victory will see them through to the quarter-finals.
The amount is broadly in line with market expectations of 60bn euros. It follows so-called stress tests of 14 Spanish lenders. Spain said in July that it would request eurozone support for its banks. Bankia was found to be the bank most in need of additional capital.
Johanna Konta is the first British woman to reach the last four of a Grand Slam since Jo Durie in 1983. The 24-year-old's career has taken her from Sydney to Gijon, Texas and Barcelona. A clear focus on staying humble, focused and private seems to run though Team KontA.
The US star has called off an event at the London Palladium on 20 September. She was also booked to give a similar talk at Sheffield City Hall on 22 September. The events were cancelled due to a dispute over money with their promoter, Rocco Buonvino. In March, the 69-year-old was admitted to a drug and alcohol rehabilitation unit for treatment of substance abuse.
The 65-year-old was found dead in the garden of his gated home in South Weald in June 2015. Essex Police originally thought he died of natural causes, it emerged he had been shot six times. Police said they had questioned a man originally from Tyneside but currently living in southern Spain.
Sannah Javid, 26, of Ilford, died in the early hours of Wednesday. Post-mortem tests found the cause of death was multiple injuries. A 37-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of her murder on Saturday. Police are appealing for anyone who may have seen or heard something suspicious to call the incident room at Hendon.
Facebook and Google have been criticised for not doing more to remove far-right material online glorifying the Finsbury Park attack. Political pressure has mounted on these two tech giants to ensure that the internet is not a "safe space" for terrorists. The problems with clamping down on hateful material are several, and both practical and philosophical.
Brian Steele, 13 at the time of the 1989 tragedy, said he did not see 15-year-old Philip after the crush began. A nurse, who tried to help at least six casualties, also told the inquests he asked for oxygen which never came.Ninety-six football fans were fatally injured at the Liverpool versus Nottingham Forest FA Cup semi-final.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Visit CNN.com/Travel each week for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts and on Instagram at bbcnewsents. Have a story to share? Send it to us.
Dean Cox terminated his contract with O's after the transfer window closed. The 29-year-old cannot join another EFL side until January. Cox has already held initial negotiations with League Two side Crawley Town. The former Brighton man scored 59 times in 275 appearances for O's.
Luiz, 27, joined the Blues from Benfica for £21.3m in January 2011. He has been the subject of interest from Barcelona in the last two summers. PSG will break the transfer record for a defender to secure his services. Luiz is not part of manager Jose Mourinho's first-choice central defensive pairing.
Charity received £42m in government grants, including £28m from the Department for Education and its predecessors. It also received about £2m from councils and £2 million from the National Lottery. But founder Camila Batmanghelidjh said an "extremely distorted picture" of the charity was being painted. She said former staff and mentors were now "too scared" to defend it.
Michael Graydon, 29, disappeared on 21 February and his body was found almost two weeks later on private land. Coroner said he could only record an open conclusion as the pathologist was unable to give a cause of death. Mr Graydon went missing after being asked to leave a nightclub and was tracked on CCTV running through the streets on his own.
Hamilton has triumphed in all three races since retiring from the season-opener in Australia, which Rosberg won. The Mercedes car has such a performance advantage that the two are effectively competing for wins only with each other at every race. Hamilton said: "This is a much more intense season so far and perfection is required every weekend to get that result"
Bobby Hernandez, 53, was arrested and is being held at a jail in Ohio. FBI received a tip on 30 October that this teenager may be the long-missing child after problems he had applying for college. The agency worked with Alabama police and the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children to confirm the boy's identity.
Wales' Forestry Commission to look at case-by-case transfer of land. Minister says she wants the land to be used for environmental and economic benefit. But she says there will be no reduction in the size of the Welsh forests. The move could lead to a new 'age of the tree' in Wales.
Investment in TV drama has fallen by 44% since the last review in 2008. Spending on children's programmes in the UK has also fallen from £103m in 2008 to £88m in 2014. Ofcom warned broadcasters need to adapt as the trend towards online viewing grows.
The case is being investigated by the Police Investigation and Review Commissioner. It is also being looked at by the Crown Office, which is also looking into the case. The case has been adjourned until the end of the investigation into the death of the man, who is believed to have been killed in a car crash.
The torch will visit the East Riding on 18 and 19 June and northern Lincolnshire on 26 and 27 June. It will travel on the Cleethorpes Coast Light Railway, visit the Pods centre in Scunthorpe and abseil down Grimsby's Dock Tower. During the 10-week relay the torch will be carried by 8,000 torchbearers.
Wikileaks has published thousands of secret documents, including what it says are the CIA's hacking tools. US federal agencies have launched a criminal investigation into the release of the documents. Wikileaks founder Julian Assange said that, after some thought, he had decided to give the tech community further leaks first.
Five of the top 10 shipbuilding companies in the world are South Korean. The Hyundai Heavy Industries yard at Ulsan is the biggest of them all. More than 60,000 people are employed there, constructing a huge ship every four or five days. In the old European pictures and newsreels, workers would stream home on foot or maybe bicycles.
Kimberley Jones, 25, was found dead at the house in Cwmbach, Aberdare. She was due to move into the house the following day, but was allowed to stay the night before. Tests on the fire showed the flue was ineffective allowing smoke to leak into the room.
Ian Drake is British Cycling's chief executive officer. He gives his top tips for how you can get involved in the sport. Ian Drake is the chief executive of British Cycling. He is also the chief operating officer of British Tour cycling. He says: 'If you want to be a cyclist, you have to be part of the team'
In 2006, six healthy young men were treated for organ failure after taking a drug in a clinical trial. Two became critically ill, the worst affected lost his fingers and toes. The Elephant Man trial involved the first testing of a new drug on humans. The MHRA, which regulates clinical trials and medicines in the UK, says the conduct on phase-one trials "has moved on significantly"
The MoD says the cuts are necessary "to meet the challenges of the future" But campaigners say they create a "worrying" situation for Army families. Redundancy notices to those affected by this latest round will be issued on 18 June. No personnel preparing for, serving on or recovering from deployments on that date will lose their jobs unless they have applied.
The "We Can" project has held exhibitions at the Senedd, Houses of Parliament and in 24 countries. It is showcasing the huge amount which can be achieved by adults with learning difficulties and children with complex needs. Everyone involved has a learning disability and the aim is to create greater awareness.
Portugal take an early lead through Nani, but Jermaine Jones' superb strike levelled the scores just after an hour. With less than 10 minutes to go, Dempsey stooped to guide the ball in off his midriff from close range for what looked to be the winner. But the defence switched off again in the 94th minute and Varela dived to meet Ronaldo's cross and claim what might still turn out to be a crucial point.
British Rowing said it was aware of the comments made by Taylor, 29. She described Thompson, 52, as a "massive bully" in the interview. Thompson has also faced criticism by Olympic medallist Rick Egington, boyfriend of rower Vicky Thornley.
Stem cells were genetically engineered to produce and secrete toxins which kill brain tumours, without killing normal cells or themselves. Researchers said the next stage was to test the procedure in humans. Scientists from Massachusetts General Hospital and the Harvard Stem Cell Institute published their findings in the journal Stem Cells.
Mohammed Khalil Anwar, 37, hit Sabah Saleem, 11, and Rayhan, 3, on Brudenell Road. Court heard he did not know the speed limit was 20 mph along the road. Anwar told the court he drove off after hitting the children as he was afraid he would be attacked.
Jack Sexty, 25, from Bristol, bounced non-stop on the spot for 10 hours 21 minutes at an event in Philadelphia. Hopping 88,047 times, he not only beat his two American opponents but broke the previous record of 75,005. The multiple pogo record-holder was raising money for Alzheimer's Research UK.
Plans for Green Park Station were put on hold two years ago. Reading Borough Council is set to re-submit planning proposals next year. The stop is expected to cost up to??8m to build and is on the Reading to Basingstoke line. The area around Green Park is notorious for its long traffic queues.
The family last recall seeing the car, registration VTM 648S, in 1995. The owner of the 1977 Ford Mustang died in August and when his daughter checked his garage in Welwyn Garden City, she found that the car had disappeared. It is understood the owner was not well enough to visit the garage it was housed in.
Sunderland Ladies striker has scored 66 goals in 68 appearances in two-and-a-half seasons. The 19-year-old scored a wonder goal at the recent U20 World Cup in Canada. Mead is now waiting for a senior call-up from England boss Mark Sampson.
Diana Sacayan, a well-known activist for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) rights, was found dead in Buenos Aires on Tuesday. It is the third violent transgender death in the country in the past month.Latin America accounts for most transgender murders worldwide, rights groups say.
Details of the length of the 26-year-old's new contract at Sixways have not been disclosed. Bower has made 52 appearances for Warriors in all competitions since joining from Leicester Tigers in 2014."He always gives everything he's got and I've been thoroughly impressed with his attitude and his performance," director of rugby Gary Gold said.
Two other cats in the area were also put to sleep after they became unwell. RSPCA chief inspector Phil Lewis said: "We don't know whether these incidents were accidental or deliberate or who may have done it"Potential signs of poisoning could include vomiting, difficulty breathing, increased thirst, and appearing to be be sleepy and uncoordinated.
Afobe has represented England at youth level since 2005. The 23-year-old has been included in a 27-man final squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. But he has yet to receive official clearance from Fifa to play for the country of his parents. The DR Congo squad will officially commence their preparations on 20 March.
E4 is one of the most popular youth channels on television, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month. Regular schedule will be suspended from 07:00 BST, when polls open. Channel 4 will present an "alternative" to the BBC and ITV coverage.
Based on a true story, Pride shows how gay rights campaigners from London raised thousands of pounds for miners in the Dulais Valley. Starring Bill Nighy, Dominic West and Imelda Staunton, the movie played to critical acclaim at the Cannes Film Festival this summer.
Many of the dead were young boys who were in a trophy ceremony hit by the bomber, himself said to be a teenager. UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon expressed his condolences to the families of the victims. He urged Iraqi leaders to step up reconciliation efforts between Shias and Sunnis in order to defeat IS.
Visa restrictions on foreigners are to be eased in the tourist zone. Construction of the new resorts is due to start in 2019. The first phase will include developing a new airport as well as luxury hotels and housing. It is not clear whether dress codes and other restrictions in the conservative kingdom will be relaxed.
Emergency crews were alerted to the blaze in Small Heath, Birmingham. A spokesperson for Citroën and dealer Robins and Day said there were no injuries. One lane of Small Heath Highway was closed while forensic investigations were carried out. The site was temporarily closed "due to an ongoing investigation and structural damage to the dealership"
Lyndon Gooch's long-range dipping effort caused Fleetwood keeper Chris Maxwell to make a fingertip save. Amari'i Bell fired into the side-netting for the hosts, while Richard Chaplow scuffed a chance for Rovers.Jimmy Ryan's 25-yard effort almost won the game for the host but the ball struck the crossbar.
The UN committee on the rights of the child said all children should receive a "truly inclusive education" The committee is composed of 18 members drawn from countries including Bahrain, Spain, Italy and Ethiopia. It says that in Northern Ireland education, "segregation by religion persists"
Olwyn Fulton died after being hit by a car in Coulby Newham, Middlesbrough. A 66-year-old woman has been charged with causing death by careless driving. She has been bailed and will appear at Teesside Magistrates' Court on 7 June.
The original Sgt Pepper collage was doctored to celebrate the record's success. It is one of five Beatles album sleeves to feature in the top 10, compiled by Record Collector. In second place are the first 10 numbered copies of the Beatles' self-titled 1968 record. The band's name was embossed on the front of the sleeve, along with a unique serial number.
Argentina's Del Potro beats Switzerland's Stan Wawrinka in three sets. It is the 27-year-old's first Grand Slam match since the Australian Open in 2014. He will next play either France's Lucas Pouille or American Donald Young.
The magnitude-4.8 quake struck at a depth of 15.5km (9.6 miles) 35km north of Lucca. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage. In 2009 almost 300 people died in a quake in L'Aquila in the central Abruzzo region.
Tourism NI said it expects a strategy to be in place by early next year. Janice Gault from the Hotels Federation said a "partnership" approach was essential. She said another big boom was expected in the hotel market which would probably generate another half a billion pounds.
Lynsey Dunn, 28, and Paul Smith, 36, have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. They are also accused of seven child neglect offences. The offences are alleged to have taken place between April 2012 and July 2016. Both defendants, of Tamworth, appeared at Leicester Magistrates' Court earlier.
Disney will use robotics and artificial intelligence to bring their brand of storytelling to new forms. Senior Vice President for research and development, explained how soon you’ll be able to interact with story-telling robots at Disney parks. The real challenge for Disney will be to avoid the so-called ‘uncanny valley’
Glasgow lock Tim Swinson has signed a new three-year contract with the Warriors. Wing Tommy Seymour has also agreed a new deal until May 2019. Both made their Scotland debuts in 2013 and have 56 senior international caps. Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have already signed new deals with Glasgow.
The 30-year-old joined City for £13.8m from Celta Vigo last summer. He made 30 appearances, scoring six times. Half of those goals came in his first three games. He did not start a league game - or score a goal - in 2017.
A still-life of carnations, signed A Hitler, fetched £52,000 (72,000 euros) at the Nuremberg event. Last year the same auction house sold a watercolour painted by Hitler in 1914 for £93,000. Hitler paintings can be sold under German law provided they do not display any Nazi symbols.
The group made up of trusts from clubs including Arsenal said it was "disappointed" by the decision. The government said the deal had been "scrutinised" and "upheld" The supporters claimed the London Legacy Development Corporation (LLDC) would subsidise rent, which it denied.
The Stormont parties failed to pass the Welfare Reform Bill on Tuesday. Arlene Foster said there was a £600m hole in her budget. She is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week. But the Alliance Party and Ulster Unionist ministers said they were pessimistic about the chances of a resolution.
Scotland lost their final warm-up Test 19-16 to France at the Stade de France. Cotter believes the run-out in Paris will help his side in their World Cup opener against Japan. Scotland's attention now turns to the World Cup and the opening match against Japan on 23 September.
Walter Innes and Monika Carrie were about to head home after an eventful day. They then spotted what looked like a dolphin feeding frenzy. Mr Innes took a picture, believing it to be of a dolphin taking a large salmon. Expert Charlie Phillips said such attacks were not completely understood.
President Jammeh promised to turn Gambia into an "economic superpower" He also said he would wipe out 82% of the workforce in five years. The Gambia is a key transit point for cocaine trafficked from Latin America. The president has been criticised for not doing enough to tackle corruption.
More than 50 firefighters tackled the fire at the timber-framed Tudor hall. Wythenshawe Hall was home to the Tatton family for about 400 years. It was donated to local people in 1926 and was previously run as a museum and art gallery. The hall is safe but will need a new roof and some cosmetic work inside.
It was one of eight turbines on the Screggagh wind farm on Murley mountain. The turbine, valued at over Â£500,000, collapsed on Friday evening, scattering debris over a wide area. BBC Newsline's Martin Cassidy reports from the scene.
The blackout lasted just over an hour and started just before midnight on 17 December. It affected the Pivnichna substation outside the capital, and left people in part of the city and a surrounding area without electricity until shortly after 01:00. It took place almost exactly one year after a much larger hack on a regional electricity distribution company. That was later blamed on the Russian security services.
The 31-year-old, from Sheffield, has received the honour for her services to athletics. Ennis-Hill won gold at London 2012 and silver four years later in Rio. At the same ceremony, designer and ex-Spice Girl Victoria Beckham was made an OBE.
Both are senior managers and have a long track record with Fox. Mr Ailes resigned in July after a series of sexual harassment allegations against him by female news presenters. Mr Abernethy will focus on finance, advertising sales and distribution. Mr Shine will manage the programming.
The marines were guarding an Italian oil tanker when they opened fire, killing two men off the Kerala coast. The marines said they mistook the fishermen for pirates. India has ruled out the possibility of a death penalty and invoking the anti-piracy law to try the marines.
Fifty-thousand tweets were posted within hours of the news being confirmed in the early hours of Saturday morning. By 08:00 GMT more than 300,000 tweets using the hashtag #MuhammadAli had been posted. Hundreds of memes quoting the boxing legend, sports stars, celebrities and public figures have also tweeted their reaction.
Department of Professional Standards is one of the Metropolitan Police's most secretive sections. It is responsible for dealing with complaints against officers and staff, deaths in custody, police misconduct - and corruption. The corruption arm of the unit has its origins in a drive against so-called "bent cops" initiated in the early 1990s.
Sadiq Khan claims expanding the West Sussex airport is the only option. His letter to Theresa May was signed by 30 cross-party London MPs, council leaders and London Assembly members. It claimed a second runway at Gatwick would be the "obvious choice" for the capital and Britain.
A total of 883 (27%) of the 3,220 registered voters turned out with four blank papers and 15 spoilt papers. He will serve for four months and said there were "very important decisions" to be made in that time. He campaigned with three key policies; diversifying the corporate tax system and solving the affordable housing crisis. He previously stood in the South East district and said he had "enjoyed biking around" while campaigning.
The UK and Ireland are among the countries that can now sell beef to Canada. France and Germany - the EU's biggest producers - are also included. The EU Commission said it was a welcome move, as EU farmers "are going through a particularly difficult period" A Russian import ban and weaker Chinese demand have hit Europe's farm exports.
Brecon and Radnorshire Conservative MP Chris Davies condemned the closure. He said there had been a barracks in Brecon since 1805, home to troops who fought the Zulus at Rorke's Drift. It comes in a shake-up of UK military buildings and resettling of regiments.
Erdogan says social media sites are being used to attack him. He is also facing allegations of corruption and is embroiled in a feud with a former ally. A law passed last month tightens government controls on the internet. It will also force internet providers to store data on web users for two years.
The Queen's cousin, 79, was taken to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary on Monday. He was seen walking to a waiting car with the help of a walking stick. The duke, who undertakes a large number of official royal engagements and has close associations with many charities, suffered a "mild stroke" in 2013.
The Women into Sustainable Employment scheme aims to improve language and workplace skills. It is run by Bridges Programmes, which supports refugees, asylum seekers and others who do not speak English as a first language. The scheme is being piloted in Dundee and Glasgow and could be extended across Scotland.
Of 184 inmates that escaped, 70 have been captured, leaving 114 still at large. Among those on the run is Brayan Bremer, who posted pictures on social media. Director of the Anisio Jobim jail, Jose Carvalho da Silva, suspended over allegations he took money from the Familia do Norte gang.
The 35-year-old wing has signed for the Mitsubishi Dynaboars in Division Two of the Japanese League on a one-year deal. Williams scored twice in his final competitive game as Ospreys in December. The double-Grand Slam winner was also OSpreys' record try-scorer, with 57 touchdowns in 141 matches.
Producers of precious metals were particularly hard hit. Analysts blamed falling prices for gold and silver and adverse currency movements. Investors are concerned that gold could fall below $1,200 dollars an ounce. In China iron ore prices fell to the lowest level in almost five years, which hit shares in other miners.
Euromillions jackpot of £19.7m shared by three tickets from the UK. National Lottery operator Camelot says prize could be paid out on Monday. It was the eighth ticket in the UK to take the top Euromillions prize so far this year.
Two vehicles drove into crowds at a market in Urumqi and threw explosives. One of the vehicles then blew up. The other four suspects died in the attack, officials said. China has announced a one-year campaign against militant violence in Xinjiang province, home to the Muslim Uighur minority.
The child's body was found in a river yards from his family's home at Milton of Drimmie, according to the Scottish Daily Mail. His disappearance triggered a major search and rescue operation along the banks of the fast-flowing River Ericht. The i newspaper reports that the "poor" are twice as likely to die from cancer.
The BBC has commissioned a new version of Shakespeare's The Tempest. It will be shown on BBC One next year. The new version will feature a wide range of actors. It is described as a "bold and accessible" version of the classic play. The original version was published in 1837.
Eight-year-old Phoebe Hanson wrote to BBC Radio 4's PM. She worried how the "bongs" would be replaced while Big Ben is being repaired. PM's editor, Roger Sawyer, said: "It would be quite a task" A Facebook post about the exchange has been liked and shared thousands of times.
Adeyemi Olugbuyi, 32, was last seen in Thorplands, Northampton, in September. He is believed to have been involved in an altercation in the area. Police are treating the death as murder and are using a dog unit at the scene.
David Brown became ill in Maghaberry Prison in December 2012 and died later in hospital from a brain haemorrhage. Prisoner Ombudsman said staff left him unattended for five minutes in an unresponsive state and did not raise the alarm immediately. The watchdog has concluded the response of the Prison Service was "inadequate"
The remains are believed to date to the medieval period, but could be Roman. The finds were made by a team from Durham University, which is surveying the site before it is redeveloped for houses.Developers Westleigh plan to build 70 homes on Midland Road once the archaeologists complete their dig.
The Conservative government had asked Canada's Supreme Court to hear an appeal of that ruling. Mr Harper was accused of using the issue to stir up fears against Muslims. Newly elected Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau opposed the appeal during his campaign. The official court application for the appeal has been discontinued, officials say.
The 22 humans who live on Aoshima, off Ehime prefecture, are greatly outnumbered by a population of over 120 cats. Originally brought in to deal with mice infesting fishing boats, the cats now eat scraps, crops or food given to them by tourists.
The couple, who have been dating since 2011, wed in front of about 10 people in Mazan, Provence. Knightley, 28, announced her engagement to Righton, 29, last year. The actress is the daughter of playwright Sharman Macdonald and actor Will Knightley. Righton has performed with indie rock band the Klaxons since 2005.
Carer's Allowance is paid to around 6.5m people in the UK who care for older, disabled and seriously ill friends or relatives for at least 35 hours a week. Under Labour plan, the allowance would rise from £62.70 to £73.10 a week in the first year of a government.
Bieber struck a photographer with his car in Los Angeles on Wednesday. Police said the vehicle had been travelling at an "extremely slow speed" The 23-year-old was seen standing over and speaking to the injured man. Bieber has been in the headlines in the last week after being banned from China due to "bad behaviour"
"The EU needs a complete overhaul," says Germany's Sueddeutsche Zeitung. "Populism is tearing Europe apart," says Spain's El Pais. Polish commentator Andrzej Celinski warns against "giving in to the wave of nationalism" "Do not follow the British. Build Europe", he urges.
Wales wing Hallam Amos scored two fine tries in the second half. Hamish Watson's touchdown, plus eight points from Sam Hidalgo-Clyne and a penalty from Blair Kinghorn, proved enough for the visitors. Edinburgh move to within four points of rivals Glasgow in sixth, though the Warriors have a game in hand.
Dominique Cottrez, 51, confessed to suffocating her children after giving birth secretly at home near Lille. She then buried the bodies in the garden of her parents' home and at her own home nearby in Villers-au-Tertre. The former nursing assistant had previously said she had a long incestuous relationship with her father and feared each baby might be his.
The hosts took an early lead through former Bath full-back Nick Abendanon. Danny Cipriani kicked Sale's only points but two Camille Lopez penalties gave the hosts a 13-3 interval lead. Napolioni Nalaga plundered two tries to see Clermont pull away and home legend Aurelien Rougerie scored from halfway to secure the four-try bonus point.
John Swinney will address MSPs over a legal challenge to the Act. The system would appoint a named person to ensure the wellbeing of every child. But judges at the UK's highest court ruled against the scheme in July 2016. They said some proposals breached rights to privacy and a family life.
Antoine Maury was last seen in Edinburgh on Monday 24 October. The 21-year-old left his friends at Edinburgh College at 22:00. A man matching Mr Maury's description was seen near Duddingston Village. He was topless and heading towards Holyrood Park. The Maury family are appealing to the public for information.
App allows users to send a message saying "yo" to friends - and nothing else. It has been branded "pointless" but has raised $1m (Â£600,000) in investment. Creator Or Arbel told technology news site TechCrunch the app was having "security issues"
Many believe that Scots now have a far stronger sense of their country's distinct identity. Support for independence has barely budged from the 45% who voted for it in the previous referendum of 2014. The majority of Scots voted to remain in the European Union, in contrast to the UK vote to leave.
The Snowdonia Giving scheme is raising money for local charities. The money will be used to help people in need in the local area. The scheme will run until the end of the year. It is funded by donations from the public, as well as donations made by the public.
Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice denies she used intelligence for political purposes. She was responding to reports she sought to "unmask" any Trump officials who cropped up in foreign surveillance reports. Rice also rejected claims that she leaked information to US media. She did not say whether she had viewed intelligence reports involving Mr Trump and his aides.
The 54-year-old was convicted of two counts of common assault. He will be sentenced at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 27 May. The boys, aged 14 and 15, had been trying to pass Joyce in a narrow aisle. The attack happened close to the drinks fridge at about 21:40 BST on 17 October.
West Indies beat Australia by 74 runs to reach Champions Trophy final. Chris Gayle hits 75 not out as Windies reach highest score of the tournament. George Bailey scores 63 as Australia collapse to 131 all out. West Indies will face Sri Lanka in Sunday's final in Colombo.
Wilf Zaha has requested to switch allegiance from England to Ivory Coast. The 24-year-old was born in Abidjan and won two caps for the Three Lions. Because they were in friendly games, Zaha can switch allegiance. Ivory Coast vice-president Malick Tohe says he expects Zaha's switch to be approved. England boss Gareth Southgate says he is still hopeful of speaking to Zaha.
A section of the audience laughed when Owen Smith said Ms Dugdale was doing a "brilliant job" But Mr Corbyn said he did not think anyone should be jeered during the debate. He insisted "the Scottish party is not going to split off from the UK party" But he said it was "a matter for the Scottish Labour party" to decide.
McManus opened the scoring for the hosts. Ross Forbes' deflected strike quickly doubled Morton's lead. A shot by Kyle McAusland pulled Alloa back into the game before half-time. Another McManus finish and one by Denny Johnstone ensured a comfortable win.
The European Union has lifted quotas on how much milk farmers can produce. Four farmers tell Newsbeat how they'll be affected by the changes. "It's likely that this will lead to a flood of milk and probably pull down the price even further," says one farmer. "Dairy farming's hard - you're doing 12-13 hours days every day," says another.
Mr Khan is the city's first Muslim mayor, after beating Tory Zac Goldsmith by 1,310,143 votes to 994,614. The result bolsters leader Jeremy Corbyn after Labour was beaten into third in Scotland by the Tories and lost some English councillors. In Wales, Labour remains as the largest party, with 29 out of 60 seats, but was denied a majority.
Clapham said his position had become "untenable" following criticism in the media and on social media. Director Nigel Allen will take on the chairmanship on an interim basis while new investors are sought. Southport beat promotion-chasing Forest Green Rovers - only their third win of 2017.
A senior factory official died and more than 85 were injured, including two Japanese nationals, in the riot at the Manesar plant on Wednesday evening. Production is now halted and the gate is being guarded by policemen. The violence at the vast factory in Haryana state is believed to have erupted after an altercation between a worker and a supervisor.
Wales take on Italy in their opening match of the 2017 Six Nations. Italy have finished bottom of the table 11 times. Georgia and Romania have been pushing to be included in the top tier. Wales coach Paul O'Connell says relegation will not be introduced in the short term.
Masked man with a gun robbed a man in a car park in Glenarm, County Antrim. He made off in a red Ford Fiesta and robbed a shop in Ballygally 15 minutes later. No-one was injured in the incidents but both the man whose car was stolen and the shop staff were left "very badly shaken", police said.
The Duke and Duchess of Cambridge are on a five-day tour of Europe. They are due back in the UK on Friday evening after a visit to Poland. The Duke gave Prince George and Princess Charlotte a tour of an Airbus helicopter. The Duchess played the flute at school and is a keen musician.
30,000 volunteers will go house-to-house to find those infected and distribute soap. Critics say the lockdown will damage public trust in doctors. Bodies of eight missing health workers and journalists found in Guinea. UN Security Council declares outbreak a "threat to international peace"
Walz has an English father and a German mother, but grew up in Majorca, Spain. The 21-year-old was fifth with 250 metres remaining before powering through. Czech Republic's Josef Dostal took silver in 3:32.145, and Russia's Roman Anoshkin won bronze.
The energy firm had proposed reinforcing the existing line so it can carry more electricity. The National Grid said the upgrade was not needed as this time. SSE said the scheme, which was opposed by the National Trust for Scotland, could be proposed again in the future. The company said it had sought to avoid historic sites and landscapes, such as Culloden Battlefield.
Naz Shah shared graphic showing Israel's outline superimposed onto a map of the US. She said relocating Israel would be a "solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict" Board of Deputies of British Jews said the comments were "appalling" Ms Shah said she would be expanding her engagement and dialogue with Jewish community organisations.
Brunon Kwiecien, 48, was convicted of planning a terrorist attack. He was said to be fascinated with Norwegian mass killer Anders Behring Breivik. The former professor at Krakow's University of Agriculture was arrested in 2012. He is the first Pole to be accused of terrorism, Polish media reported.
The Yongbyon site processes spent fuel from power stations. It has been the source of plutonium for North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. The reactor was shut down in 2007 but Pyongyang said last year that it was operational again. The IAEA has no access to North Korea after being thrown out in 2009.
Loren Davis was driving at 100km/h (62mph) on an expressway in Adelaide. She hit the koala as it was crossing the road. Ms Davis only discovered what had happened to the animal when she reached home. The koala only had minor abrasions and will be released into the wild.
Antonsson scored 22 goals in 40 league games for Kalmar after signing from Halmstads in January 2015. The 25-year-old is Leeds head coach Garry Monk's first signing since replacing Steve Evans on 2 June. Monk: "He scores goals, has great movement and he has the mentality to be able to adapt to this league"
Leahy, 24, scored 12 goals in 158 appearances for Falkirk. He made 38 appearances last season, helping the club finish second in the Scottish second tier before they lost to Dundee United in the play-offs. He joins Walsall on a free transfer after his contract expired and is the League One club's first signing.
Thousands of people took to the streets of the capital, Freetown, at the stroke of midnight. The outbreak killed almost 4,000 people in Sierra Leone over the past 18 months. A country is considered free of human-to-human transmission once two 21-day incubation periods have passed since the last known case tested negative.
The man is reported to be of Spanish origin and a convert to Islam. The BfV said the suspect, who now has German citizenship, had previously "behaved inconspicuously" There are an estimated 40,000 Islamists in Germany, including 9,200 Salafists.
Dr Kwong Po Yin, 29, an emergency room doctor, and Yau Wai Ching, 24, a former administrator, are members of Youngspiration. The political party was founded in the wake of last year's Umbrella Movement to keep its legacy alive. Both are running against older establishment politicians with more resources.
Arsenal moved top on Saturday by beating Stoke, before Chelsea saw off West Brom a day later to regain the summit. Manchester United and Southampton both claimed narrow wins against Tottenham and Middlesbrough, before Liverpool and West Ham played out a thrilling draw. There were goals galore, with champions Leicester putting four past Manchester City and Watford and Burnley both scoring three times.
Justice Minister Christiane Taubira said words of hatred and contempt had to be fought with the "utmost vigour" Dieudonne already has convictions for inciting anti-Semitism and the courts banned several one-man shows last year. A judicial source said he was due to be released on Wednesday evening but would face trial at a later date.
Language was spelled "langauge" in the original release, put out on Thursday. But it was corrected by officials after Twitter users ridiculed the error. David Cameron announced a Â£20m fund to teach Muslim women in the UK to speak English. But some Muslims have accused him of wrongly conflating the two issues.
The stone got past the elephant's fence and a ditch separating the animal and visitors. The girl was taken to hospital and died within a few hours, the zoo said. The enclosure met international standards and said "this kind of accident is rare, unpredictable and unusual" Phyllis Lee, Director of the Amboseli Trust for Elephants, says targeted throwing of stones and branches by elephants is very unusual.
An altercation broke out between two men inside a fast food outlet. Police said the suspect is described as being aged in his early 20s. He is said to be of slim to medium build, with cropped dark hair shaved on both sides. Police have appealed for information.
The IFG says legislation will be needed to establish new policies on areas such as customs and immigration. The extra measures will place "a huge burden" on Parliament and government departments, the think tank says. The attitude of the SNP may also affect the passage of Brexit laws, it adds.
Sterling went through on goal, but an apparent push by Spurs defender Kyle Walker was not spotted by referee Andre Marriner. Walker admitted: "I wasn't going to get the ball" City were leading 2-1 when Son Heung-min equalised for Tottenham.
Labour won 232 seats in the general election, down from 258 in 2010. In Wales, the party won 25 out of 40 seats, but had expected to improve on 26 seats. Ex-Pontypridd MP said Labour must have a "radical analysis" of society.
Solomona has scored seven tries in five games for Sale Sharks this season. The 23-year-old has previously played for London Broncos and Castleford Tigers. Solomona is set to play for New Zealand at the World Cup in New Zealand. He has also been linked with a move to rugby union giants Leeds Rhinos.
Derek Penman said the oversight of the project was inadequate and made 30 recommendations. Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said the report included some "hard messages" for the force and pledged the recommendations would be implemented. The report followed the M9 crash in which Lamara Bell and John Yuill died.
More than 1,000 people packed into the city's Anglican Cathedral for his funeral on Friday. His flamboyance, lust for life and penchant for self-promotion earned him near celebrity status in the city. He became a hairdressing apprentice in Bold Street before using the princely sum of Â£100 to open his first salon.
Hundreds of people have gone to hospital, complaining of breathing difficulties and skin problems. People in the capital San Jose, about 45km (30 miles) west of the Turrialba volcano, said layers of ash had coated buildings and cars.Costa Rica's National Emergencies Commission has advised people to wear masks and tight clothing.
"I know in my head that things are slowly coming to an end," he says. The 36-year-old has not played for the club since the end of last season. "It's a win-win for both as Tis uses me if and when and I'm alongside him," he adds.
Restaurant began serving puppy platters after a new law was introduced allowing dogs to eat at restaurants -  as long as they were outdoors. It looks like a right dog's dinner - check out this clip. It's a puppy platter! It's not just a puppy dinner - it's a dog dinner!
Health Secretary Shona Robison announced the funding as she addressed a GPs' conference in Clydebank. She also said work would begin on bringing forward measures to tackle workload pressures. The move came after the British Medical Association warned the GPs were becoming "increasingly burnt-out" by the "mounting pressures"
Hilary won the Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award in Harrogate. US author Sara Paretsky, who created detective VI Warshawski, received an outstanding contribution honour. The accolades were handed out at the start of the North Yorkshire town's annual crime writing festival.
Craig Stillwell and Carla Andrews's baby girl Effie was taken away from them for almost eight months. It has emerged she has a rare medical condition, known as Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV (EDS), which causes "easy bruising" The case has been stopped and Effie is home with her parents in Aylesbury.
Malka Leifer, former principal of a Jewish girls' school in Melbourne, fled to Israel in 2008 after accusations were raised against her. Extradition hearings have been delayed for two years so far. Ms Leifer allegedly raped and indecently assaulted girls at the ultra-Orthodox Adass Israel School.
Paraglider airlifted off Slieve Gullion with'serious leg injury' Paragliders had been training in Annalong Valley when emergency call came. Man taken to Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast with serious leg injury. Mourne Mountain Rescue Team, Belfast Coastguard, Irish coastguard and PSNI involved.
Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons sell generic school uniforms. Average price of a standard uniform has fallen by almost 21% since 2004. Total value of uniform and equipment sales has fallen from??861m in 2004 to??694m.
Spending watchdog relied on information from Serco, G4S, Atos and Capita. Contracting out represents 15% of all public spending and 5% of UK GDP. The NAO notes that from 1 January 2006 to 30 September 2013, the value of these businesses on the stock market has risen.
Spaniard Garcia playing his first event in Europe since winning the Masters. Stenson carded a three-under 69 in his second round. The pair are a shot behind Swede Joakim Lagergren and France's Joel Stalter. Tommy Fleetwood, who finished fourth at the US Open on Sunday, is tied for 11th.
Saturday's flyby swept the probe into an orbit that takes it in between the planet's rings and its atmosphere. But the manoeuvre means also that it cannot escape a fiery plunge into Saturn's clouds in September. US space agency (Nasa) is calling an end to 12 years of exploration and discovery at Saturn.
Hillary Clinton made clear she's looking to appeal to a broad centre in the general election. She framed her pitch in patriotic terms that could also resonate with Republicans. Clinton is clearly making a play for independent and Republican voters who are concerned about Mr Trump's erratic foreign policy pronouncements.
Mattel made a $5.2bn offer to buy Hasbro in 1996, but the two sides failed to reach a final agreement. Lego overtook Mattel as the world's largest toy-marker in 2014. Sales of Barbie dolls fell 10% globally in 2015.
The Cheshire TB Eradication Group has been set up after a rise in cases of the disease in the county from 30 in 2005 to 116 in 2012. Farmer Richard Fair said the county was the "final frontier" to stop the disease travelling north. The group's first move is to work with the University of Liverpool on a survey of TB in Cheshire's wildlife.
Tanzania is the largest producer of octopus in the western Indian Ocean. The catch is highly prized by the island's tourist hotels and provides an important source of protein for coastal communities. Most of mainland Tanzania's octopus catch is exported to Europe, but on the island of Zanzibar tourism has provided a booming market.
British banker guilty of murdering two women in Hong Kong in October 2014. Jutting admitted killing Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26. He was diagnosed with four disorders, which combined to lead to the killings. Experts for the defence say his IQ score is 137 - putting him in the top 1% of population.
Third Energy has licences to produce gas in North Yorkshire and offshore in the North Sea. In 2013 it drilled an exploratory well near the village of Kirby Misperton. It wants to frack the well to test whether it can unlock shale gas from rocks up to 10,000ft (3,000m) underground.
Two of the rebels were killed and eight seized after the incident in Valencia. A video released on social media showed the uniformed men saying they were rising against the "murderous tyranny of President NicolÃ¡s Maduro" The White House said President Trump would speak to Venezuela's leader "as soon as democracy is restored in that country"
The new body will be in charge of farming, fishing, and distribution. Stormont's Enterprise, Trade and Investment (DETI) Minister said the move was a "positive step" But she added that it could have implications for other government departments. The new body is expected to be in place by next year.
Featherstone become the first team in reach the quarter-finals. Ben Heaton's try put the visitors ahead before John Davies and Scott Turner went over to help give Featherstone a 13-6 half-time lead. Anthony Thackeray kicked his second drop goal of the night and Josh Hardcastle's try made the game safe.
Republicans ambushed a mini-bus carrying the men at Kingsmill in 1976. They were murdered after checking what religion they were. Senior coroner John Leckey is retiring this year and no replacement has been appointed. His retirement could leave only one coroner in Northern Ireland. Dozens of inquests dating from the early days of the Troubles face delay.
The watchdog assessed the authority's services between January 16 and February 9. In 2011, services in the city were ranked "adequate". In 2013 the council closed two children's centres and reopened eight. The council welcomed the report, but said it was "identifying areas where can do better"
The number of foreign students in the UK has fallen to its lowest level since records began. The fall is down to more than a quarter of a million, down from a peak of more than two million in the early 1990s. The drop is due to a drop in the number of students coming to the UK from abroad, which has led to an increase in foreign students.
Lord Coe became IAAF president last August after eight years as a vice-president. He has been accused of helping cover up systematic doping in Russia. But former Wada chief Dick Pound insists he "can't think of anyone better" than Coe to lead the IAAF.
NHS England said the 16-year-old would be moved on Saturday night. The girl had been held in a cell since Thursday because, he said, no beds were available anywhere in the UK. Paul Netherton, assistant chief constable at Devon and Cornwall Police, spoke out on behalf of the girl.
Thai officials said the event could have affected relations between the two countries. HRW report focuses on the treatment of a Christian group in Vietnam. The group said the Thai response showed how freedom of speech had been eroded since the army seized power last year. It is the third human rights event at the venue that has been halted by authorities in the past month.
After the mansion's contents were removed and charred timbers were carefully lifted out by crane, an archaeological salvage operation got under way. The salvage operation will continue until the spring. Some of the first photographs of the ornate carvings saved by archaeological experts are shown here.
2004 BL86 is 325m across and its moon is around 70m wide. It won't come this close again for another 200 years. The next 'close shave' of a large asteroid is due in 2027: that object is called 1999 AN10 and is just over 1km wide.
Christian Englander will now face trial, with jury selection scheduled for 23 September. Each charge carries a maximum jail term of six months and a possible $500 fine. Police said Englander had acknowledged throwing the peel after he was offended by jokes Chappelle made about a friend. Englander, who is white, said that after the police apprehended him on 30 March, Chappele came to the police station to speak to him.
The 34-year-old was in intensive care in a Swiss hospital and an MRI scan detected bleeding on the brain. His mount Boomerang Bob was brought down and fatally injured in the race. In due course George will leave the intensive care area to the rehabilitation wing of the Wellington Hospital.
Craig Williams held off a Labour challenge to hold Cardiff North for the Conservatives. He has benefited from a new induction programme with new MPs offered help from designated "buddies" among the parliamentary staff. Stephen Kinnock, son of a former Labour leader, is one of the better-known among the 2015 intake of MPs. He says constituents can contact him via a number on his website.
Dennis Rodman met with North Korea's sports minister this week. He took along gifts for the country's authoritarian leader, Kim Jong-un. Mr Rodman has in recent years forged an unlikely friendship with Mr Kim. Mr Kim is alleged to have executed hundreds of people to cement his authority.
Steven Tolley, 48, was one of three men injured on the A361 in Tiverton. He was airlifted to Derriford Hospital but died on Monday. The driver, 43, from Saltash, was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving. Police and the Health and Safety Executive are also investigating.
The two men were pulled from the 1,776ft (541m) tower in New York. They were identified as Juan Lopez and Juan Lizama. A police official said the partially collapsed cradle was hanging at a 75-degree angle. The fire department said it took less than four minutes to reach the men.
Jordan Edwards, 15, died after Officer Roy Oliver fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in the Dallas suburb of Balch Springs. Police initially said the car reversed "aggressively" towards the officer, but footage discredits that claim. Officer Oliver has been fired violating several department policies.
The honorary doctorate was presented at a special ceremony in London. Ms Minogue said: "I'm honoured and I'm shocked to receive this degree" The university said it would never give a degree to someone without some connection to the university or the work of the university.
Cambridge United beat Cheltenham Town 3-1 in their Championship clash. Uche Ikpeazu and Luke Berry scored for the Us. Billy Waters scored a consolation goal for the visitors in the dying minutes. The result sees Cambridge move up to sixth in the Championship.
He is best known for presenting a bilingual variety show, Trom agus Éadrom. Mr Ó Murchú stood as a Fianna Fáil candidate in Cork North Central in 1982. He left RTÉ in 1988 to set up his own production company.
Northern Ireland is hoping to sell beef into the United States. It is the second day of the Balmoral Show in Belfast. The event is aimed at showcasing Northern Ireland's farming and food industries. It also aims to raise awareness of the need to improve the quality of Northern Ireland food.
Lorenz SZ42 was used by German forces in Norway and seized by the Norwegian secret services after the war. It is thought about 200 were in operation during the war, but only four still exist. The model has a number of inner components missing - including an all-important working motor. Engineers have stepped in to recreate the motor using 3D printing technology.
Mancini says a fully-fit Tevez could wear the sky blue shirt again. Striker remains at City after interest from AC Milan, Inter Milan and Paris St Germain failed to turn into a transfer. Owen Hargreaves remains available but has struggled to gain any consistent form during his time at City.
The journalists are suspected of links to US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen. At the weekend, 15 other media outlets were closed and 10,000 civil servants dismissed. Critics have accused President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of using an emergency law to silence opponents. The government argues that Mr Gulen's network of followers is so vast that a wholesale purge is needed.
Thailand's Aphibarnrat moved a shot ahead after a 40-foot breaking birdie putt at 14. Fitzpatrick, 21, who has led since day one, picked up his fourth birdie at 15. England's Luke Donald, now 66th in the world rankings, carded six birdies in nine holes in a 65.
Two men and one woman forced their way into the house. The three women were tied up and threatened with a gun. Police are appealing for information about the incident in Lagmore, County Durham, on Friday night at 22:45 BST. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here.
The country's deadliest natural disaster in 80 years struck at 1251 (2351 GMT on Monday), 10km (6.2 miles) south-east of the city. The damage is said to be far worse than after the 7.1-magnitude quake on 4 September, which left two people seriously injured but no fatalities.
Scientists in the US have developed a way to produce ultra-pure silicon-28. They can do it in the lab instead of relying on samples made ten years ago in a huge, repurposed plutonium plant in St Petersburg. This promises to solve a serious supply problem in quantum computing research.
Saints lost 3-0 at Everton in the Premier League on Monday night. Stephens made his Premier League debut at Goodison Park. The 22-year-old believes Saints will bounce back after a difficult Christmas period. Stephens says it's not time to panic and that Saints will pick themselves up.
Theo, a five-year-old Siamese cross, first hit the headlines in 2013 for stealing Christmas decorations. He has also been stealing toy food, including a pineapple and an aubergine. His owner created a leaflet for neighbours in a bid to reunite the stolen items with their rightful owners.
Castleford had been top of Super League before the game. Wigan's draw with Huddersfield means they fall to second in the table. Luke Gale put Tigers ahead, grounding a loose ball after Salford failed to handle a high kick. Ben Murdoch-Masila's try reduced the deficit to two, but Gareth O'Brien missed the conversion.
The expansion is expected to be the largest in the firm's 20-year history. A spokesperson for Dyson said the decision was just one part of a number of stages in the planning process and they did not want to comment further. The expansion will eventually bring 3,000 new jobs to Malmesbury.
Portugal are top of their qualifying group for Euro 2016 but rested Ronaldo against the African side, who are ranked 38th in the world. Cape Verde - eliminated at the group stage of this year's Africa Cup of Nations - are sandwiched between Wales and Scotland in Fifa's world rankings.
There may be clashes, but a series of deals between Labour and the government have defused most of the big problems in advance. The big compromise announcement will be the composition and remit of the panel which will assess the operational case for the powers. This matters because the panel have to report by the time the bill reaches committee stage in the House of Lords.
Donald Trump is the presumptive Republican nominee for president of the United States. He wants to build a wall along the 1,989 mile border between the U.S. and Mexico. He also wants to deport every single undocumented immigrant. But could he do it? And will Mexico pay for it?
The Warriors led 13-6 at the break, Zander Fagerson going over for a try. Duncan Weir and Leinster's Fergus McFadden kicking two penalties apiece. Luke McGrath and Taqele Naiyaravoro swapped tries in the third quarter.
There has been a rise in avalanches, landslide-dammed rivers bursting, glaciers cracking and glacial lakes dangerously filling up. Chinese scientists have shown glaciers and permafrost rapidly melting in Tibet. The Kosi, known as the sorrow of Bihar flooded in 2008, displacing tens of thousands of people.
Citizens Advice said that hidden charges such as line rental and delivery costs could add Â£20 a month to the advertised price. ISPA said broadband prices were "clearly presented" Virgin Media was criticised by the Advertising Standards Authority for one of its broadband adverts.
Jo Potter's curling free-kick put the hosts ahead shortly after half-time. Chelsea were unable to respond and defeat ended their hopes of winning a domestic treble this season. David Parker's side are now unbeaten in their last six games in all competitions and have won seven of their last nine.
Scientists have identified a range of viruses, called bacteriophages, that can be used to kill common pig infections. The aim is to reduce the risk of antibiotic resistant bacteria emerging on farms that could also infect humans. If trials in pigs work, the new therapy could be extended to treat people.
The Canadian beat the American 6-2, 6-4, 7-6 (7-5) at the O2 Arena in London. It was the first time the pair had met in a Grand Slam final. The match was a repeat of last year's final, which was won by Andy Murray.
Murray is the first British man to reach a Roland Garros final since 1937. He hopes to add the French Open to his victories at the US Open and Wimbledon. Djokovic, the world number one, can finally add the one major title to have so far eluded him.
Goodwillie has signed a one-year deal at League Two side Plymouth Argyle. The 27-year-old former Aberdeen forward moved to Blackburn for £2m in 2011. Goodwillie won the last of his three caps for Scotland five years ago.
Carissa, who's 11, has become the youngest ever chess master in the US. The BBC went to meet her to find out how she got so good. Her greatest achievement is being in a BAFTA winning film. Her biggest achievement this year would be changing her class' opinion on feminism.
Ledecky, 19, has now won four Olympic gold medals during her career. Her first Olympic gold came when she won the 800m title as a 15-year-old at London 2012. The 200m and 400m freestyle champion overtook Tamsin Cook on the last leg.
Kostadin is believed to have gone missing after failing to turn up to work. Police are still searching for the missing man, who is thought to be in his 40s. He was last seen leaving his home in the village of Kostadin in Devon on August 8.
The left-wing MP is holding rallies in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow. His opponents include fellow MPs Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall. The Scottish Labour Party is also in the process of choosing a new leader with MSPs Kezia Dugdale and Ken Macintosh fighting for votes north of the border.
Sudan qualify automatically for the second round as they try to reach the finals in Zambia next year. Only players born after 1 January 1997 are eligible to participate in the qualifiers. The decision can be contested with the Caf's Appeal Board within three days of being notified.
Akinde broke the deadlock on 57 minutes with the Bees' first shot on target. The Stags laboured after Akinde's goal, though Vickers did make a fine save late on to keep out a Darius Henderson header. Josh Vickers got his body in the way of a Matt Green effort and he safely grabbed a tame header from the same player.
Matt Groening told Smithsonian magazine that he based the town on Springfield, Oregon, but since it is such a common US place name he knew many would think it was their own Springfield. The Springfield in Oregon is just 100 miles (160km) south of Portland, the city where Mr Groening grew up.
Graham Keddie told the taoiseach (Irish prime minister) that Tourism Ireland needed to change its work in Northern Ireland. The airport boss criticised the all-Ireland body in a strongly-worded letter obtained by the BBC's The View. He said a weaker pound made Northern Ireland more attractive to tourists from Great Britain.
Jamie Rudling, 28, from Dunoon, repeatedly raped one victim, between 2003 and 2011. He also raped a 22-year-old woman while she was asleep, in Argyll in 2014. Rudling was jailed for a minimum of three years and six months and told he may never be judged safe enough to be released.
Spain's leading anti-austerity party Podemos is part of the two groups taking hold of city hall in Madrid and Barcelona. In Valencia, Mayor Joan Ribo's Coalicio Compromis was formed by leftists, Valencian nationalists and greens in 2010. In Madrid and Valencia, potentially stable deals with other left-of-centre parties have been struck.
Daria Pionko, 21, was found in Springwell Road, Holbeck, at about 01:30 GMT. She was taken to hospital for treatment, but died a short time later. A 38-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident.
India's annual growth rate for 2014-15 was 7.3%, up from 7.5% in 2013-14. But new way of calculating growth means China is still ahead in the world's second largest economy. India's central bank is expected to cut its lending rates again this year.
Jacqueline Oakes, 51, was battered to death at her home in Birmingham in 2014. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) said she was let down by a raft of procedural errors and failings to identify the risk she faced. The West Midlands force said it agreed with the findings on its employees.
The Ministry of Justice said the prison had "addressed a number of concerns" The Prison Officers' Association (POA) said management must "get a grip" A disturbance at the Category C prison last year saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put "out of commission"
Boko Haram kidnapped more than 200 girls from a school in Borno state. The group has been blamed for the deaths of more than 2,000 people. The girls' parents were due to meet with the president on Tuesday. But they pulled out of the meeting at the last minute.
David Craig Ellis, 41, has admitted killing Alec Warburton, 59, at a house in Sketty, Swansea, but denies murder. He told Swansea Crown Court when he could not afford his rent one month, Mr WarBurton came into his bedroom and suggested they do "things of a sexual nature" instead.
England boss Roy Hodgson will name his 23-man squad for the World Cup. Hodgson is yet to name striker Andy Carroll, who has scored seven goals this season. Harry Kane and Jamie Vardy have both scored 21 goals for the Premier League this term. Manchester United's Wayne Rooney has been out for two months with a knee injury.
Pembrokeshire County Council voted to cut the pool's Â£1,000 annual budget. But the town's Astoria nightclub and the Church at Nantucket donated money. Members of the Milford Haven Ladies Circle also offered to prepare the pool.
The Islamic State (IS) group captured Qaraqosh overnight after the withdrawal of Kurdish forces. About 50,000 Yazidis are thought to have been trapped in the mountains after fleeing the town of Sinjar. The White House has warned that the situation for Iraq's minority groups threatens to become a "humanitarian catastrophe"
Jade Ali, 28, said she had been "left in the dark" about the search for partner Christopher Huxtable, 34. He is one of three men believed to be trapped under the debris of the decommissioned power station. Police said it was "highly unlikely" that the missing were still alive and recovering bodies would take "many, many weeks"
Former granary building in Eyemouth is being turned into an arts centre. First theatre performance will tell the story of Eyemouth's whaling pioneers. The Hippodrome will also contain a cafe selling local whole foods. It was last week granted an alcohol licence and is due to open in June.
Actor Lee Ingleby will take over from Neil Morrissey as Bob. Downton Abbey's Joanne Froggatt will play Bob's partner Wendy. The characters will be computer-generated for the new series rather than animation. The new series will air on BBC One next year.
In 2015, there were 412 district nurses in Wales, down 42% from 712 in 2009. The Royal College of Nursing said it was placing pressure on GP surgeries and emergency departments. The Welsh Government said overall, the total number of nurses providing community services had increased.
Friends and family of Yassar Yaqub, 28, laid flowers and displayed a banner in his memory. He was shot when police stopped a car near junction 24 of the M62 on Monday evening. The police operation is being investigated by the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC)
Edwards becomes Solihull's fifth signing this week following the arrivals of Luke Benbow, Chris Lait, Kalern Thomas and Shomari Barnwell. Midfielder Shep Murombedzi has agreed a new one-year deal with the National League side.
Sunday's bombings of two churches in the Youhanabad area left 17 people dead and more than 70 wounded. Two days of rioting by Christians followed, with two men lynched. A reported 5,000 police and paramilitary rangers were deployed to try to prevent further rioting.
Notts slumped to 73-7 before Luke Wood (65) and Steven Mullaney (63) shared an eighth-wicket stand of 92. Yorkshire were crowned county champions for the second year in a row. Durham closed 30 runs behind on 174-2, with Mark Stoneman making 62 and Scott Borthwick unbeaten on 56.
Just 6% of the Earth's surface is covered in water. This water is called "modern" groundwater and is quickly renewed. But it is also sensitive to climate change and human contamination. The study underlines just how unevenly they are spread around the globe. It also highlights the need to manage them in a sustainable way.
No 10 said: "We don't accept threats have been made" It is understood spokesman Craig Oliver phoned the Daily Telegraph's editor. He reportedly told him the story was poorly timed. Mrs Miller's special adviser Joanna Hindley called the reporter working on the story to "flag up" the culture secretary's role in drawing up press regulation rules.
Everton beat West Brom 3-2 at the Hawthorns. Saido Berahino, Craig Dawson and Arouna Kone scored for the Toffees. Romelu Lukaku grabbed the winner with a close-range strike. Roberto Martinez's side move up to fifth in the Premier League table.
Cardiff hosted England's win over New Zealand and semi-final defeat to Pakistan. The near-15,000 crowd comes as counties bid for the next round of five years' worth of international games. Around 3,000 seats were not occupied for the England v New Zealand match.
World number one Michael van Gerwen, world champion Gary Anderson and Phil Taylor all safely made it into the last 16. BDO world champion Scott Mitchell ended his first Grand Slam of Darts appearance with an impressive 5-1 win over Dave Chisnall. The Grand Slam is the only major televised event in which players from darts' two rival organisations compete.
The cost of borrowing will remain unchanged at 6.25% ahead of a possible increase in US interest rates later this month. The decision came as the Reserve Bank of India held its first press conference since new bank notes were introduced. The central bank blamed a decision to move the press conference to a small venue.
The Republic of Ireland are preparing to play Uruguay in a World Cup qualifier. The game will take place at the Maracana in Rio de Janeiro. The Republic are currently second in Group D behind Costa Rica. The match will be played in front of a sell-out crowd at the Estadio Olimpico.
Egyptian officials said a coastguard vessel caught fire after a fire-fight with militants on the shore. The army said there were no casualties, contradicting the militants' claim. The incident happened in waters off the north Sinai town of Rafah. It follows a wave of attacks on the Egyptian military by Sinai Province.
Sir Philip will examine expenditure from the past three years to try to identify potential savings. He told the BBC more centralised buying by government departments might help. But the appointment was criticised by the GMB union - who said that Sir Philip's wife, the direct owner of Arcadia, lives in a tax haven.
England reach the semi-finals of the Under-20 World Cup for the first time in 24 years. Liverpool-bound Dominic Solanke scored the winner for Paul Simpson's side. England played the last 17 minutes with 10 men after Josh Onomah was sent off. Italy beat Zambia 3-2 after extra time and will face England on Thursday.
Worcestershire have added a second overseas player to their squad. Kyle Abbott is expected to make his debut against Durham on Friday. Matt Henry has extended his stay at New Road until the early part of July. Henry's replacement, Mitchell Santner, fractured a finger on the opening weekend of the T20 Blast.
The Holy Trinity fighter had a 3-2 majority win against the World and European light-welterweight title holder to reach the quarter-finals. Monday's victory also secured his place at the World Championships in Hamburg, Germany in August. He now meets England's Luke McCormack in the last eight.
Campaign launched by the Royal College of GPs and NHS Alliance. Aim is to make sure pharmacies are seen as a vital part of the health system. If successful, it could help relieve pressure on GPs who are already under pressure from other areas of the NHS. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The slide was set up in Shore Road, Swanage, for the Swanage Carnival. Police said nine children were treated at the scene - at least one was taken to hospital. South Western Ambulance Service said its paramedics treated three of the children but there was "nothing to suggest their injuries are serious"
C had tried to kill herself by washing down paracetamol tablets with Veuve Clicquot champagne. She later told her daughters she had "royally cocked it up" Assisting a suicide is a criminal offence that carries a maximum prison sentence of 14 years.
Alexandra North, 25, will start work as Ipswich's dedicated hedgehog officer next month. She beat off competition from countries including France, Spain, Germany, South Korea, China, the US and Nepal. The job advert for the two-year role was mistakenly touted as a £2.4m post in the Taiwanese press.
Colour Sgt Martyn Horton, L/Cpl David Ramsden, Pte Douglas Halliday and Pte Alex Isaac all died after the crash in Helmand on 23 June, 2010. The collision forced their Ridgeback vehicle onto two wheels, before rolling into the canal, the court heard.
Police fired tear gas to disperse protesters angered at their handling of Sunday's event, witnesses say. Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn blamed "evil forces" for the deaths on Sunday, vowing to bring to justice those responsible. The town of Bishoftu, where the stampede took place, saw further unrest on Monday morning.
Shepherd's converted try and penalty saw Cornwall to a 10-6 half-time lead. Lancashire had only previously once lost the Bill Beaumont Cup, in 2012, when they were beaten by Hertfordshire. Evan Stewart's late try ensured a nervy finish but could not prevent only their second Twickenham final defeat in six years.
Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, 79, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing, last July after the 79-year-old ran into the back of his vehicle. Daley was convicted of manslaughter after he admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility. Sussex Partnership NHS Foundation Trust apologised for not doing more.
South Africa had notified the UN of its intention to leave last October. It said the ICC pursued "regime change" but the opposition argued in court that the government had to first seek parliamentary approval. Justice Minister Michael Masutha was quoted as saying the government would consider its options. The Gambia, under new President Adama Barrow, changed its mind.
Valerie Cadogan was cycling with her husband when she hit the pothole. She was airlifted to hospital but died the following day. Newport Coroner's Court heard council immediately filled in the hole. The road was inspected in June 2012 but no defects were found.
McClaren won just six of 28 Premier League games in charge of the Magpies. The former England boss was booed off following Saturday's 3-1 loss to Bournemouth at St James' Park - their third successive league defeat. McClaren: "I remain confident that we would have stayed in the Premier League"
HSBC already has more than 10,000 staff working in Paris. Standard Chartered unlikely to move any staff from London, sources say. Morgan Stanley denies that jobs will be moved from London to Dublin or Frankfurt. Leave campaigners say Britain should focus on developing trade relationships with non-EU countries.
The onus will now be on the Stormont to come up with new abortion legislation. The Commission will await to see how the department of justice and the executive will take this forward. TUV believes that the unborn child is entitled to this right and resist any attempt to change the current law.
The elephant was released into the wild after being injured in a fight. Police are investigating how the animal got out of its enclosure. The elephant is now being cared for at a local animal hospital. The incident is being investigated by the local police force. The animal's owner has not yet been identified.
Levada Centre cannot conduct any work linked to the election campaign. Its director, Lev Gudkov, said the move amounted to "political censorship" Laws require all NGOs receiving any overseas funding to register as foreign agents. Levada had said it was being targeted for branding as a foreign agent.
Welsh government says it will hold talks with the EU on the future of the Welsh Assembly. But Labour's leader in the Commons says there is no need to hold a vote on the issue. David Cameron says the UK is not yet ready to leave the European Union. The UK voted to leave in a referendum on June 23.
In their own way, people have been pushing back at the horror of Thursday's events. A mother of four from a town near Barcelona said: "It could have been any of us" Human rights activists Luca Gervasoni Avila and Josep Maria Royo also turned up to observe the silence.
The list, compiled by a panel of 144 DJs, critics and writers, highlights 15 rising acts for the coming year. It includes Canadian R&B sensation Alessia Cara, singer-songwriter Frances and witty rap collective Section Boyz. Last year's victors were pop trio Years and Years, with previous winners including Adele, Sam Smith and Haim.
The man, 40, was arrested on suspicion of breaking laws protecting endangered species. It follows the seizure by the UK Border Force of a chameleon preserved in formaldehyde at Heathrow. The reptile, found last month, had been shipped from the United States. As a controlled species, there were strict rules to prevent its illegal importation.
Investigators believe Bilel A, aged 26, was either involved in planning the attack or at least knew about it. Police say they have arrested him on suspicion of benefit fraud as they do not have enough evidence against him. The man is believed to have used at least two false names in several German cities between April and November 2015.
The comment was made during a carol service at St Mary's Church, Norfolk. The school said it had received an "official apology" from Mrs McPhee. One parent said on Facebook: "No-one spoils the magic of Christmas on purpose" For confidential support call the Samaritans on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Man found dead in upstairs bedroom after fire crews arrived at house. Fire crews wore breathing apparatus and used thermal imaging cameras. Fire and Rescue Service are working to establish the cause of the fire. The house is in Drumgay Close, in the Kilmacormick area.
Jolie received a standing ovation as she picked up the honorary Heart of Sarajevo award. She visited Bosnia several times last year as a goodwill ambassador for the UN's refugee agency. The festival began as an act of resistance in 1995 with residents braving mortar shells to watch Pulp Fiction.
Thomas Fendall and Jessica Hussell used their positions to access restricted material. Court heard they targeted Hussell's ex-boyfriend, who lost his job after he was wrongfully arrested. Pair provided false information to the charity Crimestoppers, naming him as being responsible for a fail-to-stop collision in which another PCSO was injured.Fendall was jailed for 19 months and Hussell was sentenced to 16 months.
Louis Kayes, from Moodiesburn in North Lanarkshire, called the club to tell them he was sorry he had not made it to Saturday's game against Motherwell. The boy's mother, 35-year-old Lisa Kayes said he had borrowed her phone to make the call.
Tom Rogic missed the vital spot-kick, blazing high and wide. Kenny Miller fired in the opening goal, with Celtic replying through an Erik Sviatchenko header. A wonderful long-range strike from Barrie McKay had Rangers in front on 96 minutes. Rogic swept home to set up a tense Hampden shootout.
A team from Glasgow University found there was a sharp fall in accidents from 5,901 in 1997 to 2,914 in 2014. The researchers said, however, there was "no evidence" the M74 had impacted on an "already decreasing trend" The five-mile route, which cost Â£692m, links M74 at Carmyle to the M8 southwest of the Kingston Bridge.
Pro-Russian gunmen in Ukraine's east seem to be following a strategy of constant expansion and pressure on the Kiev government. The militants have called on Moscow to intervene on more than one occasion. President Turchynov demanded the dismissal of the police chiefs in Luhansk and other eastern city of Donetsk.
Benedict Cumberbatch will star in a new series of BBC Two's The Hollow Crown. The series will be based on the classic play by William Shakespeare. It will be the first time the series has been adapted by the BBC for television. The show will also be filmed in London and will air on BBC2 in 2015.
Belgian political experts and commentators argued that the broadcast had intervened in political debate. Flemish separatist leader Bart De Wever assumed the remarks were aimed at him and said he had overstepped his role. He accused the king of choosing "the path of a royalty of division"
Keaton Jennings will captain the North in the three-match series. Hampshire's James Vince will skipper the South. England fast bowler Mark Wood is working on his fitness after three ankle operations. Ben Duckett, Liam Dawson, Tim Bresnan and Harry Gurney are other England players named in the two 13-man squads.
Derry City and Strabane District Council lent its support to the move after a meeting with the Derry Comhaltas on Tuesday. An estimated 400,000 people attended the event in 2013 when it was brought to Northern Ireland for the first time. It is the biggest festival of Irish music and culture anywhere in the world.
Members of the public have been invited to plant trees in Brackfield Wood. The aim is to plant 40,000 trees in tribute to those who died in WW1. The Woodland Trust is providing the saplings for people to plant. It is one of four new woods being created across the UK.
The error was spotted on a sign at the end of the road. The sign was supposed to say "Chilwell Road" It has now been changed to "Chillwell Avenue" The error could have been there for up to eight months, says the sign's owner.
Olympic medalist in the Oromo region of Kenya is protesting against the government. He is one of more than 1,000 people who have taken to the streets in protest. He says he will continue to protest until he is allowed to return to his home country.
Roads Service could not find out why it had been put there in the first place. It had been in place following a fatal crash in 1977. It was removed three weeks before Enda Dolan died after he was hit by a van. arrangements are now being made to install new safety measures at the spot.
Another 130 people were wounded in what authorities said was a "premeditated, violent terrorist attack" Four suspects were shot dead, one arrested and other are being sought. City officials said evidence implicated militants from the western region of Xinjiang. President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang have sent condolences to the victims.
EDF customers will see electricity prices increase by 9% and gas prices go up by 5.5%. The supplier previously increased electricity prices by 8.4% on 1 March, although it cut gas prices in January. Most of its customers - 1.8 million - are now on fixed price deals, so will not be affected.
The government is spending £9m on a campaign to promote Britain's EU membership. Critics say it is based around leafleting, which is inefficient and low rent. A third of the money will be spent on an online and social media campaign. But face-to-face chat on the doorstep is still the most effective method of converting voters.
Yn ffodus, roedd camera Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf. Ynffodus is the name of the Welsh language version of the film The Godfather. It is based on the novel by George Orwell and is set in Wales.
Thomas Orchard, 32, died in October 2012 after being arrested in Exeter. Custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44, and two other officers deny manslaughter. Mr Orchard was handcuffed, held down and had an emergency response belt put across his face to restrain him, the court previously heard.
The Dow Jones fell 23.15 points to 18,529.42. The wider S&P 500 was 1.23 points lower at 2,182.64. But the tech-heavy Nasdaq index gained 6.22 points to 5,244.60. Investors are cautious ahead of the annual meeting of central bankers later this week.
Seven Shi Tzu puppies and two full-grown lurchers were taken from a property. Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward in Winchburgh, Scotland. The puppies are too young to have left their mother, who was not taken. Police urge anyone who saw anything suspicious in or around Glendevon Park to get in touch.
Traditionally, bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas to mark the start of the annual commemoration of William of Orange's victory over King James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. Sinn FÃ©in National Chairperson Declan Kearney called on unionist politicians to condemn "hatemongers"
The 25-year-old Spaniard agreed an initial three-year deal with the Whites last summer after moving to Craven Cottage from Rayo Vallecano. He has not made a first-team appearance for the Championship club since October. Celta are ninth in La Liga and will face Ukrainian side Shakhtar Donetsk in the last 32 of the Europa League.
Jenny Rathbone called for a ban on the charging of fees to tenants. She said letting agencies were not providing a service in exchange for the fee. Ministers have warned of a risk that banning fees would push up rents. In Scotland, all charges to private tenants other than rent and deposits have been deemed illegal.
In February, the Metropolitan Police announced it would not investigate any more child sex abuse cases unless there was 'credible' evidence. The move was seen as a response to calls for the force to do more to help victims of child abuse. But a new report shows that the number of cases is still rising. The report also shows that police are still not doing enough to investigate the allegations.
Machrihanish is among five sites across Britain hoping to be a spaceport. The UK government has previously said it wanted to establish one by 2018. Prestwick in South Ayrshire, Stornoway in the Western Isles, Newquay airport in Cornwall and Llanbedr airport in the Snowdonia National Park are also on the shortlist.
George is an ambassador for the Royal Horticultural Society. He met Newsround at the Chelsea Flower Show, where top gardeners show off their best designs and compete for awards. Watch his video to find out what's so great about gardening, and visit his blog.
The politician had secured his 2011 seat through the list vote. Mr Rennie received 14,928 votes, an increase of 15% from 2011. He said: "It feels fantastic to have won North East Fife back for the Liberal Democrats. A big majority of 3,000 against a Nationalist tide"
The arrival of the domestic freezer, of washing powder, and of cheaper imports all affected the sort of items on sale and popular among UK consumers. The interactive elements to this video also explore how ownership and ranking of some of the biggest brands in the UK is changing. We are aware that this interactive video may not work on some older browsers.
Hawick Knitwear, which dates back to 1874, was bought by Benny Hartop in November last year. The firm, which employs more than 230 staff, has also increased its production of sweaters to meet demand. The increase in production is in direct response to a surge in orders from both home and abroad for our private label clients.
President Hollande toured a copy of Grotte Chauvet in the Ardeche region of southern France. The original drawings, showing bears, panthers, rhinos and other creatures, are roughly 32,000 years old. The replica cave - the biggest in the world - will open to the public on 25 April.
England face Belgium in Rotherham on Friday, before travelling to Zenica to play Bosnia on Tuesday. Sunderland's Rachael Laws, 25, has been called up to replace the 32-year-old Liverpool keeper, who has a knee injury. The Lionesses have won both their qualifying games so far.
Andrew Barrett, 32, from Norfolk, worked for the East of England Ambulance Service but resigned when he was charged. The girl was aged 14 and 15 when she was sexually assaulted in summer 2013 and May last year. He was not on duty when he committed the offences and was jailed for 16 months.
Fury beats Chisora by unanimous decision. The win puts him in contention for a world title fight with Wladimir Klitschko. The fight was the 15th of Fury's professional career. He has lost just one of his last 17 fights, all by stoppage.
Hull KR lost 25-18 to Leigh in the Qualifiers on Saturday. Albert Kelly returned late from a trip home to Australia. Talks are "ongoing" about whether he will face London on Sunday. Maurice Blair will miss the game against London after being allowed to return to Australia to attend the funeral of his brother.
Tory chairman Lord Feldman is a witness and the inquiry will last into 2016. The party is conducting an inquiry into the death of youth activist Elliott Johnson, 21, and has taken more than 40 witness statements. Mr Johnson had complained to Conservative Central Office that Mr Clarke had threatened to destroy his career.
Alibaba accounts for 80% of all online retail sales in China. It has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) stock, which would make it the biggest technology listing in the US. Facebook's IPO, which raised $16bn in 2012, was previous biggest share sale for an internet company.
NHS Improvement said it was "disappointing" results could not be published until after the election. The financial state of the NHS in England has been debated intensely. In the 2015-16 financial year, hospitals and other trusts ran up deficits totalling Â£2.4bn.
Bolt cruised through in Rio in 10.07 seconds, as Gatlin qualified fastest. Britain's CJ Ujah and James Dasaolu went through as the eighth and 19th fastest qualifiers, but James Ellington (10.29) is out. Christine Ohuruogu booked her place in the semi-finals of the women's 400m.
The 19-year-old left-back made his debut for Brentford in April. He has made a total of five appearances for the Bees so far this season. Brentford boss Dean Smith says he can help the youngster become an established player. The Bees travel to Millwall in the Championship on Saturday.
"If this song had been recorded by someone younger, it would have had a lot more airplay," says one fan. Radio 1 says age is not a factor in which songs are played on the network. The station's 10-minute playlists are chosen on a case-by-case basis.
Cost of stamps will also rise and as many as 8,000 jobs will be eliminated. Canada Post faces a projected 1bn Canadian dollar ($943m; Â£576m) loss by 2020. Direct to the home delivery will be replaced by community post boxes.
President Obama and Kenyan counterpart Uhuru Kenyatta say they are "united against terrorism" But the two leaders differ sharply in their positions on gay rights. While Mr Obama spoke strongly against discrimination, Mr Kenyattas said Kenya did not share the same values. Earlier Mr Obama praised Africa's economic and business potential in a speech.
Some 200 wolves have colonised the southern regions of France, divided into about 20 packs. They are believed to have crossed from Italy in the mid-1990s and are moving ever further north. This year there have been almost 600 attacks in which more than 2,000 sheep have been killed. The local prefect has finally ordered a hunt for one individual wolf.
The shows will be filmed in early June at Westminster's Central Hall. The three episodes will air on 7, 8 and 9 June on Sky 1 and Now TV. Corden has been a big hit in the US since taking over the late-night talk show slot.
The PM is in Estonia for talks on the future of the European Union. He is also expected to discuss the threat of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. The EU is set to hold an in-out referendum in 2017 on whether to stay in the union. The UK is also due to hold a referendum on whether or not to remain in the EU.
Barclays' chairman John McFarlane has been named executive chairman until a new chief executive is appointed. Board members are believed to have wanted bigger cost cuts and more focus on the investment bank's performance. Mr McFarlane applauded Mr Jenkins' role in steering Barclays through the aftermath of the financial crisis.
The FBI seized computers and mobile phones from the home in October. Celebrities including Jennifer Lawrence had pictures stolen - apparently via a hack on their Apple iCloud accounts. Court papers have identified eight celebrities by their initials only. FBI said no charges have been filed at the current time.
Alex Gould, 18, later died in hospital and another man was seriously injured. James Bisset, 23, of Yatton, was jailed for seven years and four months. Mr Gould's family said he had been "the perfect son, brother, nephew, grandson and cousin"
Mohammad Thneibat called for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers. Jordan already had Palestinian and Iraqi refugees and now had 1.3 million Syrians who had fled across its borders. He warned that Syria's neighbours did not have the capacity to deal with such an influx of families.
Kingfisher House, near the domestic airport in Mumbai (Bombay), was being sold by lenders to recover losses. Bidders appeared to be deterred by the asking price of 1.5bn rupees ($22m; Â£15m) The businessman is said to have some $1.4bn of unpaid debts after his Kingfisher airline collapsed in 2013.
The project will test the effects of both types of cigarette on volunteers' blood vessel function. It will recruit 135 adult volunteers who have smoked 15 cigarettes a day for a minimum of two years. People with a history of cardiovascular disease, women who are pregnant or breast feeding and anyone with a nut allergy cannot take part in the study.
The school was placed in special measures in March due to falling pupil numbers. A petition calling for the school to be closed attracted more than 500 signatures. The decision was made to close the school at the end of the school year. The school has been closed for the rest of the year.
Tom Hardy, Russell Brand and Nick Grimshaw join #1in4 campaign. Initiative is part of BBC's Minds Matter season, a range of programmes about mental health. One in four people are affected by mental health issues, according to the BBC. The campaign will also feature in a documentary featuring the Duke of Cambridge.
The woman's husband was rescued from the blaze and is being treated in hospital. Clodagh Rice has been to the scene and is on her way back from the scene. The fire has been put out and the woman is recovering in hospital, it has been reported.
Roger Caffrey, 70, was found guilty of three counts of rape and 12 counts of indecent assault in Nottinghamshire from 1978 to 1994. A number of offences against his seven victims took place during lesson time. One ex-pupil was raped six times during a "campaign of rape", Nottingham Crown Court heard.
A 30ft (9m) decomposed whale washed up on the beach at Felixstowe on Sunday. The body of a minke whale was spotted near Orford on Saturday. Scientists from the Cetaceans Strandings Investigation Programme say there is now a third dead whale off the coast.
Rhys Hobbs, 46, of Tonna, was sentenced to 12-and-a-half years in jail. He was found dead in January 2016 with 43 injuries to his head and torso. The Court of Appeal has now increased the sentence to 14 years. The case was returned to the courts by the Solicitor General.
Kohli made 107 and shared century stands with both Shikhar Dhawan (73) and Suresh Raina (74) at the Adelaide Oval. Pakistan looked to have dragged themselves back into the game by restricting India to a reachable 300-7. But a chase that never gained momentum was wrecked by a collapse of three wickets for one run and they eventually stumbled to 224 all out, Mohammed Shami claiming 4-35.
Jonathan Demme's list of credits shows him to be versatile as well as prolific. The director is as adept at crafting concert films and documentaries as he was with thrillers, comedies and emotional family dramas. His films include Something Wild, The Killing Fields, Lambs and Once in a Lifetime.
GB Taekwondo have overlooked the world number one three times in favour of Muhammad, ranked 59th in the world. The move has been investigated by the BOA and, while they feel selectors acted properly, they were disappointed by the way the issue has been handled. Cook's camp is now considering whether to launch legal action.
The investigation into the death of a man who died in a car crash last year has been closed. The man was found dead after a car he was riding in collided with another vehicle. Police say they have found no evidence that he was involved in the accident.
Richard McAuley, 42, from Portglenone pleaded guilty to the murder of Denise Dunlop. The fatal stabbing occurred in the living room of her home in Ballymena. The couple's seven-year-old daughter suffered a "complex and traumatic experience"
The teenager suffered a serious leg injury in the fall at Devil's Cave in Chellow Dene, near Bradford, on Friday night. Calder Valley Search and Rescue Team lowered a team member down into the cave by rope and the boy was placed on a stretcher. He was later carried to an ambulance waiting nearby.
Women at risk of birthing complications are to be taken to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness. The move which will see the withdrawal of consultant obstetrics was agreed on grounds of safety. NHS Highland said the health board already operated seven CMUs and has "a lot of experience" of this type of care.
Saints had the better of a scrappy first-half, after Jonny Lomax crossed on the back of penalty goals apiece for both sides. Leeds pulled clear when Adam Cuthbertson added to Ryan Hall's score. Danny Richardson's try kept Saints hopes alive but Leeds held on.
The High Court ordered the electoral commission not to print ballot papers. The opposition National Super Alliance (Nasa) alleged that the president had links to Al Ghurair, the Dubai-based firm that won the tender. The judges ruled that the tender for presidential ballots should be re-advertised.
The city has been hit by thunderstorms and heavy rains, but there has been no reports of damage. Check out this amazing time-lapse video of the storm.6 November 2015 Last updated at 12:30 GMT. Click here to see more videos from CNN iReport.
Michael Lane denies killing Shana Grice, 19, who had her throat slit and her bedroom torched. A friend of Mr Lane, lay preacher Andrew Birks, told Lewes Crown Court he saw him shortly before she was found. The prosecution asserts Mr Lane was "obsessed" with Miss Grice and refused to accept their break-up.
Castleford end 91-year wait for top-flight title. First-half tries from Zak Hardaker, Mike McMeeken and Jake Webster set them on their way despite scores from Ben Jones-Bishop and Mason Caton-Brown. Greg Eden ran in, Webster scored a second-half hat-trick and Hardaker went over again as Cas cruised to victory.
Comedian has been accused of being a hypocrite by The Sun. He campaigns for economic and political "revolution" to help the poor. Yet he lives in a luxury home. Newsbeat asked him if he would take legal action against the paper. He didn't reply, though he has been tweeting about the accusations.
Paul Brian Murray was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April, 1975. His favourite players were Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush and John Barnes. He was a member of the church choir where the vicar's son was also a Liverpool fan. Paul often said, "I want to be famous" in a strange way.
Police have charged a 32-year-old Norwegian man over both attacks. Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said many people were still looking for their children. He was speaking after meeting victims and relatives with Norway's King Harald, Queen Sonja and Crown Prince Haakon near the island.
Elaine O'Hara's remains were found in the Dublin mountains in September 2013. She was last seen on 22 August 2012, the day of her alleged murder. Graham Dwyer, 42, from south Dublin, pleaded not guilty to the murder. Judge said 40 days of evidence, stretching back over five years, boils down to what happened in the three hours after she vanished.
Reece Thompson put North Ferriby United ahead in the first half. George Porter equalised for Bromley with his first touch of the match. Blair Turgott scored the winner in the dying minutes at Grange Lane. Villagers remain bottom of the League One table.
Sussex have appointed Mark Davis as their new head coach. The 43-year-old scored over 24,000 runs during 12 seasons at Hove. He helped them win three County Championship titles and four limited-overs trophies. Davis said he was "thrilled" to see former Zimbabwe international Goodwin, who left Sussex at the end of 2012 to join Glamorgan.
The Isle of Man Steam Packet Company has cancelled the Douglas to Heysham ferry and the 14:15 return. The Manx Met Office said strong winds were expected to hit the island throughout the day. All flights to and from the island were "cancelled for today"
Indonesia's economy expanded by just over 5% at the end of last year. President Joko Widodo had promised to lift annual growth to 7% on average. But he has faced problems boosting government spending and has seen several large infrastructure projects delayed. Weaker commodity prices and consumer spending, together with a slowdown in China, has hurt growth.
Researchers said the role of the hippocampus in the brain was key. They asked 41 teenagers, aged 13 to 17, and 31 adults, aged 20 to 30, to play a game based on pictures while scanning some of each group's brains. In the game, the teenagers got more answers correct and memory tests showed they were also better at remembering the detail of why they chose the answers they did.
The victim was killed on Wednesday about a mile from a West Glacier campground. Authorities say armed police officers are searching for the bear. Bear attacks are rare in the area with only 10 deaths reported since the park was created in 1910. The US Fish and Wildlife Service recently announced plans to remove grizzly bears from the threatened species list.
More than 100 British Transport Police (BTP) officers will patrol the 144 Underground stations open all night. TfL believes anti-social behaviour will rise on the all-night service, causing "high crime levels" and a "rowdy environment" Police believe some crime will effectively be displaced from night buses to the Tube.
Christopher Daldorph, 45, spent up to two hours a day over 14 years viewing the material. One hard drive alone contained more than 150,000 images and videos. He admitted nine counts of making indecent photographs and one count of possessing extreme pornographic images between November 2010 and April this year.
Zimbabwe's nine-wicket defeat by Group A winners India on Monday ensured Ireland's place in the top three. The Irish lost to India and hosts Sri Lanka but beat Zimbabwe and Thailand. Ireland are also joined in the Super Sixes by South Africa, Pakistan and Bangladesh.
Merlin Entertainments Group (MEG) filed an application in 2014 to build lodges. The Warwick Society said the plans for glamping were not in keeping with the landscape. MEG has submitted a revised application - a "scaled-down" version of the original - which will go before the planning committee.
McCarthy has been ruled out of the Republic's World Cup qualifier against Austria. He has missed most of his club's season because of injury. Everton boss Koeman has only seen McCarthy play 33 minutes of competitive action for the Premier League club since then. Republic manager Martin O'Neill said this week that Koeman was "bleating" about the matter.
Roger Cooper, 41, and ex-soldier David Cooper, 39, both deny killing Sameena Imam, 34. Her body was found buried at an allotment in Leicester in January after allegedly being killed with chloroform. Ms Imam had been having a two-year affair with Cooper and issued him with an ultimatum to leave his partner.
The 16-euro ($17.80; Â£11.60) fee is likely to deter travellers from completing bookings on services including Expedia, Opodo and ebookers. Lufthansa's move is expected to be damaging to the former, while allowing its own site to appear the most attractive option.
IFA Disciplinary Committee opt not to impose any sanction on Carrick Rangers. Club did not properly implement manager Gary Haveron's touchline ban. Committee said it would "exercise its discretion" in the matter. Warrenpoint Town say decision "contradicted the IFA's obligation to apply objectivity"
Tiny pieces of DNA called telomeres indicate whether a creature is likely to live long into old age. But the creatures they have been working with are not humans but altogether shorter-lived zebra finches. To find out how long the birds lived, the researchers had to wait until they died.
The minimum prison term has risen from 20 to 40 years. It will apply for all abductions, including those that last only a few hours or days. The maximum prison sentence will rise from 50 to 140 years for those who kill their victims. Kidnappings committed by a public security official will be punished with up to 100 years in prison.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died after losing 2.3 litres of blood. Consultant anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish said stimulator drugs should have been in every theatre but he had to call for them. The teacher died after giving birth to her second son on 9 October 2012.
The men, aged between 20 and 22, were also ordered to pay a fine of $120 (Â£70) each. They were among a group of people arrested late last year. Homosexual acts are illegal in the West African state under both Islamic and secular law - the latter was tightened earlier this year.
Russia was suspended by the IAAF for state-sponsored doping in November 2015. The ban was extended on Monday to cover the 2017 World Championships. Russian track federation vice president Andrei Silnov said he was against the inclusion of neutral athletes in principle. Some athletes from the country could compete in London under a neutral banner.
Ugandan woman accused of being part of a plot to kill her husband. She was arrested on suspicion of being involved in the murder of her husband, who was killed in a car crash. She has been charged with murder and attempted murder, but the charges are likely to be dropped.
"I abhor discrimination," says Indiana's governor. Bill gives businesses right to refuse to serve gays and lesbians. Critics say it will allow opponents of same-sex marriage to continue by other means. The White House, Walmart and the National Collegiate Athletic Association have all expressed concerns.
Pop singer from Ely, Cardiff, topped the list following an online vote. James Dean Bradfield of Manic Street Preachers came in second. Sir Tom Jones and Dame Shirley Bassey finished fourth and fifth respectively. Twelve judges from a range of musical disciplines selected a shortlist of 30.
Guido Tognoni worked "extremely closely" with the Fifa president during Blatter's second term. The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments is the subject of a Swiss criminal investigation. Russia and Qatar deny wrongdoing, while Blatter has not been named in a separate US criminal investigation into widespread corruption at Fifa.
Avni Metra, 53, came to Britain in 1998, one year after he killed two brothers in his native Albania. He was convicted in his absence of both murders and possession of firearms. Metra was arrested by Scotland Yard detectives on 8 June as he drove through Watford, after a tip-off from the Daily Mail.
Wales players will wear black armbands on Remembrance Day. The decision to wear the armband will be made by the Football Association of Wales (FAW) The FAW will then decide whether or not to allow the players to wear them on the field of play. If the decision is not made, the players will be fined.
A US Navy Helium diving helmet took top price at £8,000. An Italian helmet which took £7,200. The items date from the 1900s to the 1950s. It is thought to be "the fourth largest collection in the world" The items were collected by people from the UK, US, Israel and Holland.
Bryan Cowie, 41, was seen in the water near Dumfries town centre. It is believed to have been spotted by a member of the public on Saturday. The recovery operation was carried out with the assistance of members of Nith Inshore Rescue. The body has been recovered and conveyed to the Royal Infirmary.
Brownhill made only six appearances for North End last season. He scored three goals in 27 games on loan at League One play-off winners Barnsley. The 20-year-old rejected a new contract offer from Preston North End. Preston will be owed compensation for the move.
Letter from NHS England official to GPs suggests vulnerable practices could be left to "wither by the system" NHS England denied this was the case. British Medical Association said it was "unacceptable" that some NHS managers believed some GP practices would beleft to close. Media reports suggest much of a special fund to help struggling GP surgeries has not yet been handed out.
Wallace scored the club's first European goal in a 5-0 win over K.R. Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur in 1964. He was only playing because Ian St John was ill. The son of Scotland international Dougie Wallace played for Llanelli and Huddersfield.
Victims are due to share their experiences at the All Wales Anti-Slavery Conference in Llandudno. Gwent Police officers who rescued a man who worked unpaid for 13 years on a Newport farm are also taking part. North Wales Police are also launching a 'Say No to Slavery' campaign.
After the war, the dormitories in south London became temporary accommodation for immigrants from countries like Jamaica. The tunnels, which are 120ft below the surface, have now been opened up for public visits by Transport for London (TfL) and the London Transport Museum.
Newcastle beat West Ham 2-0 at St James' Park to finish 15th in Premier League. Manager John Carver says he wants to remain in charge of the Magpies. Owner Mike Ashley says he will not sell the club until he has won something. Former Newcastle striker Alan Shearer says Ashley must stop selling players.
The 30-year-old said she felt "undermined and belittled" by England staff. But the FA said an independent report found no evidence of wrongdoing. Aluko was part of the England team that won the bronze medal at the 2015 World Cup. She remains a centrally contracted player.
Nick Hardwick said staff shortages, population pressures and prison policy all contributed to problems, with a 69% rise in self-inflicted deaths. Ministry of Justice said there was no evidence linking the rise in such deaths to government policy. Labour's shadow justice secretary Sadiq Khan said the report "lays bare the deteriorating conditions in our jails"
Strachan has indicated a willingness to cap some of the country's young talents as he begins preparations for the 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign. BBC Scotland's football analysts, all of whom have played for Scotland, give their thoughts on which players deserve the chance to impress the national manager.
Man, 28, and woman, 35, arrested on suspicion of the possession of firearms. North Wales Police said it was "not a terrorist related incident" The army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit was called to the scene. A cordon was put in place for a time at Chapel Street, Cardiff.
Foden scored his third try in two matches as Saints beat Quins 24-3. The 26-year-old has scored 10 tries in 17 starts for Northampton this season. England coach Stuart Lancaster will name his Six Nations squad on Wednesday. Foden is hoping to return to the England squad for the first time since 2008.
Duffy, 26, raced into a 3-0 lead and beat the world number nine easily. Three-time UK Championship winner John Higgins continued his impressive form with a routine 6-1 victory over Leo Fernandez. Ken Doherty, Mark Davis, Antony McGill and Sydney Wilson came from 4-2 and 5-4 down to stun Welshman Michael White.
All 12,000 pupils are offered milk, fruit juice, cereal and toast. Blackpool Council will decide on 17 June whether to extend its Â£1.3m scheme. Northumbria University researchers have examined the scheme's benefits. The researchers recommended that the council should continue to evaluate the "long term educational attainment and short term cognitive performance" of pupils.
Garry Reed joined Swimbridge Primary School in 1982, but retires this Christmas. Known by his students as "a funny teacher with very good jokes", Mr Reed said he has never arrived at school in North Devon without looking forward to the day ahead.Russell Hobby, the general secretary of school leaders' union NAHT, said: "Mr Reed is one of the longest-serving heads in the country"
The 25-year-old steps up to the National League after 22 appearances for Rushall this season. He could be in the squad for Saturday's trip to Dagenham & Redbridge. Meanwhile, defender Jean-Yves Koue Niate and midfielder Donnell Benjamin have both left Damson Park.
Remains were found at Pentrellyncymer near Cerrigydrudion in November. Police said the man is believed to be aged over 54 and between 5ft 8in (172cm) and 5ft 10in (177cm) tall. Further tests by experts continue to enable police to establish the circumstances of the death.
Hogmanay is a tradition of going from house to house on New Year's Eve. It is widely thought that some of these island traditions came from the Vikings. Similar traditions are also found in Iceland, the Faroes, Shetland and Orkney.
Hong Kong government wants to streamline operations at new rail link. Passengers will be able to complete both Hong Kong and Chinese clearance procedures under one roof. Full Chinese law, both criminal and civil, will prevail in this entire area. Critics say it could lead to Hong Kongers being arrested for actions which are legal here, but not in mainland China.
The 30 new military advisers will raise Australia's total deployment to 300. US authorities recommended sending at least 3,000 more soldiers to fight the Taliban. US combat operations against the Taliban officially ended in 2014, but special forces have continued to provide support. There are about 13,000 Nato troops currently in the country.
The 42-year-old was crossing Rutherglen Road when he was hit by a van. He died in Glasgow Royal Infirmary and the van driver was not injured. Police have appealed for witnesses to the crash in Glasgow's Oatlands area to contact them.
Members of the NASUWT, meeting in Bournemouth, criticised a loosening of the rules on who schools can employ to teach children. The government says the changes allow schools to hire talented people. But the union says it is about saving money. One delegate told the conference children were being taught "on the cheap"
Royal Mail pension plan currently has a Â£1.7bn surplus. But Royal Mail forecasts that it will run out in 2018 and that continuing contributions under the existing arrangement is "not affordable" Unite will consider strike action if Royal Mail does not "respond positively"
Stevens made his home debut in their 19-13 loss to Ealing. He joined the club after leaving financially-stricken London Welsh last month. The island side are currently eighth in the Championship. They are just seven points behind fourth-placed Ealing and point further back from Doncaster in third.
The X-47B was in the air for 29 minutes and reached an altitude of 5,000 feet. It is being designed by weapons manufacturer Northrop Grumman for the US Navy. Officials say it will form part of a new generation of unmanned drones and works like a smaller version of the B-2 Stealth Bomber.
The company, best known for its smartphone chips, wants to reduce spending by $1.4bn (Â£900m) The cost-cutting efforts will include culling around 4,500 full-time jobs. The US-based firm also delivered its third profit warning of the year.
Three fire engines were called to Railway Street, Tunstall, at 2320 GMT. Crews brought the fire in the lounge under control within half an hour. The two people, who were suffering from smoke inhalation, were rescued from a first floor window. They were later discharged from hospital.
Three Uighur men have been executed for their part in the Tiananmen Square attack. The other two were found guilty of crimes including bomb-making and arson. The Uighurs have been accused of trying to establish an independent state in Xinjiang. They say the government's repressive policies in the region are to blame.
Glamis Hall for All has been closed for a year after it was deemed too expensive to run. The council said it needed to be replaced with a new building to be ready for the new year. The new building will be built on the site of the former Glamis hall, which was closed.
The incident happened at about 17:50 BST on Friday near to Court Road, Barry. It involved a black Renault Clio and the child was taken to the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff. Anyone with information is asked to call South Wales Police on 101 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 0800 555 111.
The amount of redress you get depends on which provider you happen to have your credit card with. This is because of the way some credit card providers interpret the regulatory guidelines. A key difference arises when a cardholder occasionally pays off their monthly card balance in full - they have overpaid according to their reconstructed card history.
The technology was developed at the University of the West of England. It uses bacteria to create an electrical current. The electricity is then used to power a variety of devices. The technology is being trialled at a number of festivals across the UK. It is hoped the technology will be used in the future to create renewable energy.
The social network has been using artificial intelligence software to scan satellite imagery and identify human-built structures. It hopes to use the information to determine where internet-beaming drones would best be deployed. But the British Red Cross charity said the initiative could potentially help it locate vulnerable communities.
Warrington win their fifth straight home game in the Super League. Widnes have lost six of their last seven games. The Vikings have not won at the Halliwell Jones Stadium since August 2013. Kevin Brown scored three tries for Warrington, while Patrick Ah Van added a penalty.
The International Cycling Union (UCI) said it was "extremely unhappy" with the poster which shows a hand moving towards a girl's backside. The poster mimics the antics of 2014 winner Peter Sagan who pinched a podium girl at the 2013 Tour of Flanders. In 2014 UCI president Brian Cookson described a cycling team's kit as "unacceptable by any standards"
Fighting in South Sudan has forced hundreds of thousands of people to flee their homes. UN children's agency Unicef says the escalating crisis means that they have to increase supplies, staff and security officers. The peace agreement signed in August 2015 is still on course, even though Riek Machar remains out of the country and government.
Two officers were on a mobile patrol of the town when the incident occurred. A man emerged from an alleyway and threw a brick at the vehicle. The brick struck the windscreen in front of the driver, smashing it. The officers were left shaken, but physically unharmed.
The actress is hoping to challenge peoples views about women and the inequalities they suffer. "I think it is right, that socially I am afforded the same respect as men, but sadly, that there is no one country in the world where all women can expect to receive these rights," she said.
Maintenance work is already £40m over budget, and rising. Punctuality is 0.7% below target. Bad data means more delays for passengers and higher costs for the taxpayer. New boss Mark Carne wants a much slimmer, more-focused safety book for maintenance staff.
Egypt go on to play Burkina Faso, who beat Tunisia 2-0 in their quarter-final on Saturday. Ghana beat DR Congo 2-1 to set up a meeting with Cameroon, who knocked out Senegal. Herve Renard's bid to become the first manager to win three Africa Cup of Nations title with three different countries is now over.
Insp Ken Mackaill and Det Sgt Stuart Hinton are accused of gross misconduct. They could be sacked if the disciplinary charges are proved. It follows claims the Tory MP called police "plebs", which he denied. Another officer, Sgt Chris Jones, has been cleared of misconduct.
Thomas Farr, 31, died from multiple injuries after he was hit by a car. Police said his death may be linked to an "altercation" at a flat in Croydon Road. An inquest into Mr Farr's death has been opened and adjourned.
The Handlebar Club is holding the contest as it celebrates its 70th year. About 100 people are expected at this year's annual meeting at the Dover Marina Hotel. The club was set up for social reasons after the war, and was about preserving wartime camaraderie.
China has invested heavily in Zambian copper mining and other sectors. The country is also home to a growing Chinese community. The arrests happened in a joint police and immigration operation in the town of Chingola, 400km north of the capital, Lusaka. There has been some tension between the Chinese and Zambians in the past.
One Kilcoo player is to be banned for six months and another for four months. The two suspensions have yet to be officially confirmed by the Ulster Council. The move follows a claim by Crossmaglen Rangers player Aaron Cunningham that he was the victim of verbal abuse during the 2 December Ulster football final.
Nick Kyrgios lost 7-5 6-1 6-4 to British number one Andy Murray. The 21-year-old Australian is the youngest player in the world's top 20. McEnroe says he needs to work harder at his game to win Grand Slams. Kyrgio says he does not love tennis but has talent to do good things.
Donald Trump has called Mexico an enemy of the US, but on Wednesday he said Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto was his friend. The New York businessman called Mexicans "amazing" and "spectacular" people, in contrast to earlier comments branding Mexican migrants "rapists" Mr Trump said they did not discuss his plan to make Mexico pay for the wall - a central plank of his campaign.
Metformin is one of the most widely prescribed treatments for type-2 diabetes. It is also used to treat metabolic syndrome, a combination of diabetes, high blood pressure and obesity. Scientists gave one of two doses of metformin to middle-aged male mice. Lower doses increased lifespan by about 5%, and delayed onset of age-associated diseases.
Mark Roy Mason, 48, was assaulted outside Home Bargains in Rhyl. He was taken to hospital but later died from his injuries. North Wales Police said a white Renault Kangoo drove into the car park. It is understood the offenders got out of the black vehicle and attacked Mr Mason.
Ex-Leeds prop Bailey, 31, joined after the start of the season and made 15 appearances for Wire.Forward Cox, 24, arrived on a one-year deal from Hull KR while Australian prop Dodds, 27, had an injury-hit season."I'd like to thank all three players for their contributions over the season," said head coach Tony Smith.
The incident happened at the junction of Holburn Street and Holburn Road. Police gave up their pursuit when the car failed to stop for them. The car then hit an office building, causing some damage to the building. No one was injured in the incident, police said.
Giaccherini, 31, joined the Black Cats in 2013 from Juventus for £6.5m. He played 43 times in total for the club, scoring five goals, but spent last season on loan at Serie A Bologna. The Italian has 29 international caps and scored the opening goal of Euro 2016 against Belgium.
A five-month excavation has been carried out at Auckland Castle in County Durham. An ornate Roman coin, medieval silver pennies, a copper figurine, a thimble, window glass and a key were unearthed. It suggests the castle was not created as a manor house for the Prince Bishops of Durham as previously thought.
MacKenzie compared Everton midfielder Ross Barkley to a "gorilla" He said men with similar "pay packets" in Liverpool were "drug dealers" Merseyside Police are investigating whether his comments constitute a "racial hate crime" The Sun apologised "for the offence caused" and added that it was "unaware of Barkley's heritage"
The deal ends months of speculation about the future of the Gulls. The deal is subject to ratification by the National League. Fans have raised concerns about GI, who pulled out of a bid to buy the club in the summer. There has been talk of the club leaving their Plainmoor home for a new ground.
Appropriate adults are trained volunteers who help with communication during police interviews. They were introduced in the 1980s following miscarriages of justice involving vulnerable people. Lack of awareness and a shortage of trainees meant police often ended up questioning adults without one. Home Secretary Theresa May said the situation was "not acceptable"
Stuart Hogg (Scotland) purposefully club: Glasgow Warriors purposefully age: 24. Jared Payne (Ireland) purposefullyClub: Ulster purposefullyAge: 31. Leigh Halfpenny (Wales) precisely club: Toulon precisely age: 28. Jack Nowell (England) progressively club: Exeter Chiefs purposefully age 24. Elliot Daly (England - also centre) progressivelyClub: Wasps purposefully age 25.
Manchester United beat Leicester City 2-0 at Old Trafford. Marcus Rashford and Marouane Fellaini scored the goals. Romelu Lukaku missed a second-half penalty for United. United have won all three of their opening league games this season. Jamie Vardy and Shinji Okazaki were ineffective for the Foxes.
In 2012 about 155,000 were convicted and fined for not paying the £145.50 fee. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said "serious work" would be done on the proposal to make non-payment a civil offence. The BBC said changing the law could lead to more people failing to pay.
"No-one will face a cliff edge," Theresa May said at a Brussels summit. A new "UK settled status" will grant those who have spent five years in the UK equal rights on healthcare, education, benefits and pensions. An estimated 3.2 million EU citizens live in Britain and there is much nervousness - some even fear deportation.
Mohamed Houli Chemlal is one of four surviving suspects who gave evidence. He and Driss Oukabir have both been charged with membership of a terrorist organisation and murder. Salah al-Karib has been detained pending further investigations, while Mohammed Aallaa was released on bail.
Sion Davies, 25, died after falling off a balcony at Anthony Munkley's Caia Park estate flat in Wrexham last October.Footage of the attack was filmed on Mr Davies's phone and played to the jury at Mold Crown Court. Lee Roberts, 33, and 53-year-old Mr Munkerley deny murder.
Michael Robson absconded from Hatfield Prison in Doncaster on Thursday. The 44-year-old was originally convicted of murder in 1996 but had his sentence reduced to manslaughter after an appeal in 2006. He was arrested by officers in West Yorkshire on Sunday.
McIlroy suffered a recurrence of a rib injury at the Players Championship. The 28-year-old says there will be "no limitations" on his swing at Erin Hills. McIlroy will play in the Scottish Open at Dundonald in order to fine tune his links preparation for the Open Championship.
Tottenham MP David Lammy says it is "absolutely time" for a new generation to "step up to a leadership role" But Alan Johnson has ruled himself out, saying the new leader faces a "10-year task" to rebuild Labour. Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Chuka Umunna are seen as the frontrunners.
Paula Vasco-Knight, 53, used £11,072 of NHS cash to pay her husband Stephen, 46, for work on an equality and diversity publication called Transform. The newsletter was commissioned by her in April 2013 and produced by her husband's firm Thinking Caps that July. But it was a "sham", cut and pasted from a research paper by the Kings Fund charity, the court heard.
Google says it captures around 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the US. Users can opt out of the service by going to their ads setting page and unchecking the box that says: "Also use Google Account activity and information to personalise ads on these websites and apps"
The man was picked up near the Greyfriars Bobby's statue in Edinburgh. Police are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the car. The man was described as being of South Asian appearance, aged 35-40. He had dark, cropped hair and spoke with an Edinburgh accent.
Net migration added 259,700 to population growth from mid-2013 to mid-2014. This was more than "natural growth" - births minus deaths - which added 226,200. ONS said a quarter of births were to mothers born outside the UK. England's population grew the most quickly, growing by 450,800 people.
Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract at Chelsea. The 47-year-old had previously said he wanted to stay at the club. Conte led Chelsea to the Premier League title in his first season in charge. He also guided the Blues to the FA Cup final, where they were beaten by Arsenal.
Guernsey will play in the FA Cup for the first time in five years. The match will take place at the Sussex County Football Association's ground. It will be the fourth time Guernsey have played in the competition. The last time was in 2013 when the ground was being used by a rugby club.
Dame Margaret Hodge's review said it would be better to ditch the Garden Bridge than risk uncertain costs. Garden Bridge Trust said it was seeking a meeting with the London mayor to discuss next steps, but added the trust was "determined" to make the bridge happen.
Victoria Street in Victoria flooded at about 18:00 BST on Saturday. Water gushed into several businesses including the Curzon Cinema. Fire crews then helped some people in the venue cross the flooded pavement. Thames Water said a large pipe burst damaging the road but no customers were without water on Sunday.
Two leaked documents reveal names of two civil servants. They told figures in the renewable heat industry the scheme was soon to end. Charity watchdog is investigating after a green energy group said it would be "ethically improper" to warn Stormont about flaws in the scheme. Labour Party leader Jeremy Corbyn is in the firing line after he wrongly told Westminster that a PSNI officer shot on Sunday had died.
Dr Helen Nicoll, 53, was found dead at home in Great Wilbraham, Cambridgeshire. Husband Stephen Nicoll was arrested on suspicion of murder before being released. Post-mortem examination revealed Mrs Nicoll died from asphyxiation. The couple had three children and worked together in their clinic in Hurst Park.
Roy Oliver, 37, fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party in the Dallas suburb of Balch Springs in April, killing Jordan Edwards, 15. Police had initially said the vehicle reversed "aggressively" towards the officer, but footage discredited the claim. No date has been set for the trial.
"We know solution for everything, but not terrorism. I am happy that Bangladesh Prime Minister, despite being a woman, has declared zero tolerance for terrorism," the PM said. Analysts say Mr Modi may have been trying to highlight the importance of "women power" in politics, but he could have chosen better words.
The Soma of Essex is 6.5m (21ft) long and weighs just 460kg (1,014lb) It is designed to be self-righting in the event of a capsize. Mr Pitcher is raising money for two charities, Great Ormond Street Hospital and The C Group.
Cristiano Ronaldo heads the winner as Portugal beat Sweden 1-0. The Real Madrid forward stooped low to head in Miguel Veloso's superb cross. No player has scored more headed goals (four) than Ronaldo in European World Cup 2014 qualification. The second leg will take place at Solna's Friends Arena on Tuesday.
The men were on board an anti-piracy vessel, the Seaman Guard Ohio. They face charges including straying into Indian waters and carrying weapons. Another British man, Paul Towers, remains in jail along with the ship's Ukrainian captain. News of the men's release was confirmed by an international maritime lawyer.
Sangin is a key supply line for Afghan forces with Lashkar Gah. It is also a rich opium production centre - meaning potential tax revenue for the Taliban. The Taliban is more likely to keep administrative offices unoccupied, as they have done in the Musa Qala and Nowzad regions of Helmand.
Ron Jones, from Newport, was captured in 1943 fighting in the Middle East. He was transferred to forced labour camp E715, part of the Auschwitz complex. There he spent 12 hours a day, six days a week, working with hazardous chemicals. But on Sundays they were permitted to play football.
The only thing you can predict about Glastonbury is its unpredictability. Here are 12 things we're 99% certain will happen over the next five days. We've seen experienced bands like U2 and Gorillaz come unstuck and walk away humbled. But we've also seen underdogs like Pulp and Florence + The Machine triumph.
It took 72 firefighters five hours to extinguish the fire in Earl's Court. They rescued 12 people from inside the building, three from one next door and two from the roof of a neighbouring property. Nobody was hurt but 150 people were evacuated. The whole of the second floor of the hotel was damaged by fire.
Ivory Coast had asked that all drilling be suspended, but the tribunal ruled this would risk "considerable financial loss" to Ghana. The area is believed to contain large reserves of oil, which both countries are keen to exploit. Tullow Oil, which owns a large stake in the near $5bn (Â£3.3bn) Ten project, welcomed the ruling.
Of 151 drivers stopped by Thames Valley Police, 137 were using their phone. Operation was carried out in Berkshire, Oxfordshire and Hampshire. Four people died on the A34 on the Oxfordshire/Berkshire border in August last year when a lorry driver was scrolling through music selections on his phone.
Mr Evans, 27, was found guilty of rape in 2012 but the conviction was quashed. He denies having sex with a 19-year-old woman while she was too drunk to consent. The jury is told to decide the case "calmly, objectively and without emotion"
Leigh Halfpenny has not set the tour alight so far. The Welshman appeared in a laboured win over the Provincial Barbarians in the tour opener and the 22-16 defeat by the Blues. Anthony Watson has made the biggest impression if the Lions need someone to come on and act as a strike runner from that position.
Trees for Life said a mother and at least two kits have been observed on a river near Beauly. It has asked that the mammals be allowed to remain where they are or be relocated. The government has instructed that the beavers be trapped and then kept in captivity.Native Scottish beavers were hunted to extinction in the 16th century.
Onlookers said the men were prisoners but this has yet to be confirmed. Bob Griffiths, who saw the men on the roof, said: "They are shouting at each other" Fire engines are at the scene but Mid and West Wales Fire Service would not give any details of an incident.
The 68-year-old Dutchman was appointed in March, when the Black Cats were one point above the relegation zone. He guided them to safety and was due to leave the club in the summer, only to sign a new one-year contract. Assistant head coach Zeljko Petrovic also leaves the club.
Learning Partnership West runs job clubs, provides mentoring and support and manages adventure playgrounds in a Â£3m contract from Bristol City Council. A dozen whistleblowers raised issues including concerns Nicola Burcham's leadership created a "culture of fear" Former CEO, who quit in May 2015, said she had left "a long time ago" and refused to comment further.
Solar panels will be installed on 50 homes this year, 1,000 next year and 950 in 2016/2017. Kirklees Council said the plan was to "target properties with poor thermal efficiency and households at risk of fuel poverty" The authority expected the panels to reduce household bills by £100 each year.
Great Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time in 79 years over the weekend. Captain Leon Smith urged the LTA to use that triumph to inspire future players. But Murray, 28, said he "did not know where the next generation are" He added he has not discussed the lack of young British players competing in Grand Slams.
Wilder's side were confirmed champions after rivals Oxford lost to Luton Town. In November, the club owed repayments on a £10.25m loan to the local borough council. But a takeover from Kelvin Thomas changed the fortunes of the club off the pitch and they are currently on a 20-game unbeaten run.
The 29-year-old committed two fouls but jumped 7.90m with his last effort. Rutherford is the Olympic, world, Commonwealth and European long jump champion. His progress maintained the possibility of a repeat of Super Saturday. Jessica Ennis-Hill and Mo Farah won gold on the same night at London 2012.
Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham said "those responsible must be held to account" David Cameron said the inquests' conclusion "marked a momentous day for the family and friends of the 96 victims" South Yorkshire Police said the force had made "a full apology" for its failures in 2012.
Young piebald cob was found with a hind leg infested with maggots. RSPCA said the pony had obviously been dumped and left to die. The animal was put down to end her severe pain and suffering. The charity said a low market price led to irresponsible owners abandoning horses.
Ministers will talk to councils before deciding how many can be resettled. UK currently takes children from refugee camps in Syria and its neighbours. But there has been pressure to take some who are already in the EU. Labour said the announcement did not go far enough and more action was needed.
Paxman created a media storm when he fronted Newsnight with a full beard last August. He branded the BBC "pogonophobic" - which means having a fear of beards. The Beard Liberation Front said it was a shame Paxman had decided to return to his clean-shaven look.
The album, which includes the singles Dead Inside and Mercy, knocked Florence and The Machine off top spot. The dance act's first full-length studio album for 16 years, Alternative Light Source, edged out a new deluxe edition of The Rolling Stones 1971 chart-topper Sticky Fingers. The Official Chart will move to Fridays from 10 July - after 28 years broadcasting on a Sunday.
Small businesses will be encouraged to fill the void left by state-run firms. The move is part of a wider plan to make the country more competitive in the world of business. The government is also looking at ways to make it easier for people to move around the country.
The tournament will be played in a Twenty20 format this season, before adding a 50-over competition in the future. The group stage of the 2016 competition will run from 30 July to 14 August, with the top four teams qualifying for a finals day. All six hosts have been awarded hosting rights for a four-year period from 2016-2019.
In 2013/14, 99,293 students went to further education colleges, but that fell to 82,818 in 2015/16. There was a 15% drop in the number of enrolments at FE colleges over the same period, as some students can be enrolled on more than one course. Belfast Metropolitan College had a particularly steep decline in its enrolment in just one year.
Around 200 people are feared to have drowned as they tried to cross from Zuwara, west of Tripoli, to Italy. At least 150 survivors of the deaths have been taken to a detention centre in Libya. A further 100 people are still unaccounted for, according to the UNHCR.
The deal to stop fighting was agreed between the Syrian government and some rebel groups fighting against them. So far, the new ceasefire seems to be holding, although there have been reports of isolated fighting in some areas. If the ceasefire does continue to hold, then peace talks aimed at ending the war in Syria could be held within a month.
Barry Bennell jailed for nine years in 1998 after admitting sexual offences against six boys. NSPCC hotline - 0800 023 2642 - received more than 50 calls within its first two hours. FA chief says measures have been put in place in recent years regarding checks on young players' coaches.
Dundee Waterfront is a regeneration project transforming 240 acres of land along the River Tay. Work at Slessor Gardens, costing £250,000, will include the creation of the Discovery Walk of Fame. Specialist consultant Mott MacDonald won a contract worth £150,000 to replace the existing dock gates to Camperdown Docks.
Former hooker will replace Chris Gibbes, who will become head coach of the Wellington Lions in New Zealand. Clarke was part of the Ulster team which won the 1999 Heineken Cup. The 49-year-old helped the province win the 2006 Celtic League title before joining the Irish Rugby Union as high performance manager.
Galloway also missed the end of last season, having ruptured the Achilles tendon in his other leg. The 31-year-old's latest injury will also rule him out of Scotland's squad for the World Cup starting in October. He has made 43 appearances for Leeds since joining from NRL side Wests Tigers.
Watson lost out to Ryan Moore for the final wildcard spot. The 37-year-old will still play a key role for the US in Hazeltine. Tiger Woods, Jim Furyk, Tom Lehman and Steve Stricker are also assistants. Love said Watson completed an "interesting group" of vice-captains.
Mercedes team-mates collided while racing for the lead on the last lap of the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton went on to win and now trails Rosberg, who was fourth, by 11 points. But Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff has indicated he could impose restrictions to prevent them from racing freely.
Remains of 10 soldiers found near French village of Beaucamps-Ligny in 2009. They were with 2nd Battalion The York and Lancaster Regiment, believed to have died in battle on 18 October 1914. Family members have been contacted by the Ministry of Defence (MoD) to identify them.
Andriy Yarmolenko gave Ukraine the lead in the first half. Evgen Seleznyov doubled the lead for the Euro 2012 co-hosts after the break. Josip Ilicic wasted a fine chance for Slovenia. Slovenia will have to show more adventure in the return in Maribor.
Rees says they felt there was "no drama" trailing 14-7 at half-time. Defeat left Ospreys - and Welsh regional rugby - without a top-tier knockout place since 2010. They are currently seventh in the Pro12 table, four points behind Ulster.
The new westbound section of the M8 between Newhouse and Baillieston opened a week ahead of schedule. The eastbound section is due to open next weekend. It means the entire stretch between Edinburgh and Glasgow is now motorway. The new road would cut journey times at peak times by about 20 minutes.
Find out how the rules have changed through the years. Check out more great Match of the Day Kickabout stuff on their website. Find out how to watch the match live on CNN.com and follow them on Twitter @CNNLive and @CNNKickabout. Follow us on Facebook and Twitter for all the latest from CNN.
The 21-time Grand Slam champion was questioned on the issue after her 48-minute 6-2 6-0 Wimbledon semi-final victory against Elena Vesnina. Roger Federer and Andy Murray's Centre Court quarter-finals against Marin Cilic and Jo Wilfried-Tsonga lasted a combined seven hours and 11 minutes.
Charity MindFull has launched a new online counselling service for 11- to 17-year-olds. Founder Emma-Jane Cross says poor mental health among young people is "one of the last great medical taboos in the UK today" The charity's inaugural report calls for a "sea-change" in approaches to young people's mental health.
Nashat Melhem was tracked down to a mosque in his home town of Arara and killed in a gun battle. Police said Melhem, 29, was the gunman who killed two Israelis at a bar, then the Israeli Arab driver of a taxi. Melhem's father, Mohammed, identified his son as the suspect and reported him to the police.
Mark King, 21, admitted stabbing 37-year-old Steven Downes in January. Mr Downes was stabbed in the back, face, arm and side and suffered a punctured lung. King is already serving four-and-a-half years for another stabbing in July 2015.
Tiffany Li, 31, posted $4m in cash and pledged $61m in property. Bail had been set at $35m, but courts require double the amount if property is used. Li has pleaded not guilty to charges that she conspired with her boyfriend, Kaveh Bayat, and another man.
Since 2014, government has said key nursery workers must have at least a grade C in GCSE English and maths. Campaigners say this requirement is blocking staff career paths and deterring new starters. Department for Education said it was working with the profession on a future staffing strategy.
Janet Yellen was speaking at an annual meeting of central bankers in Wyoming. She said the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened. But she emphasised that future rate increases should be "gradual" Some economists are saying that the next hike could come next month.
Revenues rose 18% to £1.55bn last year, with underlying operating profit jumping 44%. But after the costs of last year's merger between Paddy Power and Betfair were taken into account the company reported a loss of £5.7m. Overall, the FTSE 100 closed lower, having traded higher for much of the sessions.
Invisible Girlfriend lets you create a fake girlfriend via text message. You pick from one of six broad personality types - because there are only six types of women in the world. A team of "real anonymous humans" replying to every message. The service isn't just for fake girlfriends, it also lets women, men, sign up and have a fake boyfriend.
Young Gifted and Black awards for people aged between 13 and 30 took place in Cardiff on Thursday. More than 100 people attended the event in the Senedd. The origins of Black History Month go back to 1926 in America, and there are now more than 6,000 events across the UK.
The woman was hit by a black Ford Fiesta at about 17:20 on Monday. She is receiving treatment at Ninewells Hospital in Glasgow. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses to the incident to call them on 0800 555 111 or Crimestoppers, anonymously, on 08457 90 90 90, or visit a local branch.
Joe Root has been promoted from vice-captain to captain of England. The 26-year-old has only played four first-class matches for his county. He is perhaps the most complete three-format player that England have ever produced. But is he the right man for the job?
Organisers of the meeting at Longsight Saath Saath are demanding an inquiry. GMP said it has no plans to issue any further statements on the training exercise staged at the Trafford Centre. Using a Muslim as a terrorist sent out "the totally wrong message" and "puts a wedge" between the community and GMP.
The 24-year-old played stormtrooper Finn in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. He was a member of Theatre Peckham's company from age nine to 14. The theatre's founder Teresa Early said: "Now there's an act for them to follow"
Kane Hemmings, Andrew Davies, Rory Loy, Alex Schalk and Greg Stewart all on target for Dundee. Craig Wighton and Stewart with a fine solo goal made the points safe late on. Paul Hartley's side now in pole position to secure a place in the top six for the season run-in.
2.6 million women born in the 1950s have lost out because of changes to pension law. SNP's Mhairi Black said it was "laughable" the problem could not be fixed. Minister Guy Opperman said he would look at cases of financial hardship. But he faced shouts of "shame on you" when he said government was "actually doing a significant amount"
National Lottery support for Aberystwyth University's Old College. It comes as part of a £22m plan to turn the Grade I-listed building into a centre. A performance and gallery space will be created for artists, exhibitions and musicians. There will also be a centre for entrepreneurs and new businesses.
Flood water still several feet high outside the Drumahoe venue on Wednesday morning. The expectation is that Institute will be unable to play home games at their premises for at least a month. Friday's Championship game against Ballyclare switches to Dixon Park. The club described the situation as "soul destroying"
Jason Turner becomes football operations director, with Corrine Rigby as finance director and Amanda Fletcher as commercial director. Sports PR firm founder Paul Mace, a lifelong Magpies fan, and property consultancy director Jon Enever have also joined the club.Chairman Alan Hardy said: "I am delighted to have put together such a strong team of people who have a diverse and complementary range of football and business skill sets"
Some 450,000 asylum seekers have entered Germany already this year. Up to a million are expected in 2015 - by far the most in the EU. Germany has broadly welcomed refugees, relaxing EU rules. But it introduced temporary border controls on Sunday after admitting capacity had been stretched to the limit.
Samples from beneath the Indian Ocean are being analysed. They will reveal how the monsoon has changed in the past. The results could help predict how the climate will change in the future. The samples were taken in the Bay of Bengal and the Andaman Sea. They are the first to be analysed in this way.
5,000 medical staff in more than 2,000 public hospitals stopped working at midnight on Sunday. Doctors are demanding the government honour a 2013 deal to increase salaries. At least 50 mental health patients at the Mathare mental hospital in Nairobi were reported to have left the facility amid the chaos.
The MV-22 Osprey is a tilt-rotor aircraft similar to a conventional plane. It has helicopter-like rotor blades which allow it to take off vertically, without a runway. There were 26 people on board including the crew. The circumstances of the incident off the east coast of Australia are still under investigation.
SSPCA received a call saying there was an injured or dead snake at Green Street Park. The caller was too scared to get any closer to the snake. The snake was found to be made of plastic and had its mouth open. SSPCA said it was "always better to be safe than sorry"
£100m contract to build two new Type 26 frigates to be signed soon. The first of the new ships is due to enter service in the early 2020s. The deal to build the ships was agreed before the Scottish independence referendum. But the number of ships has now been scaled back.
Commandos who landed on the Sardar Daud hospital roof killed all four attackers. The so-called Islamic State (IS) group has claimed the attack. The Taliban has denied any involvement. President Ashraf Ghani said the attack "trampled all human values"
The Royal goat tradition began in 1844 when Queen Victoria presented the Royal Welch Fusiliers with its first one. He led the parade of soldiers along Llandudno promenade to re-affirm the Freedom of the County of Conwy. The soldiers were accompanied by the Regimental Band of The Royal Welsh.
The nurses were stranded while working at a hospital in the northern city of Tikrit for more than a week. They were flown back on Saturday morning on a special Air India flight. The nurses gave differing accounts of how they had been treated. They said they had burst into tears when the militants showed them their bombs and ammunition on the bus.
Saints captain Anderson claims he was punched by Kiernan during last week's 1-1 draw between the sides. Scottish FA disciplinary hearing regarding the incident will take place on 12 January. Anderson said Kiernan deserved any punishment that may arise from the incident. Rangers manager Mark Warburton, however, defended Kiernan.
Late Kick Off East will be assessing the impact of dropping out of the Football League. The team will take a close look at Luton and Cambridge United, as well as the difficulties facing Northampton Town should they fail in their bid to survive in League Two. The Hatters, a top-flight side 22 years ago, are 14 points clear at the top of the Conference Premier.
Dylan Mackin, Scott Pitman and Finn Graham scored for Livingston. Kalvin Orsi and Willie Dyer scored for Brechin City. Brechin lost 2-1 to Livingston at Glebe Park on Saturday. The match finished 2-2 after a goalless first half.
Ministers have been talking to Labour MPs to try to persuade them to back intervention ahead of a Commons vote expected by Christmas. Mr Corbyn is against military action, but a number of his MPs support it. Some Labour MPs have already said they will refuse to vote with Mr Corbyn if ordered to oppose air strikes.
Skeleton of "Thankerton Man" was found in a stone cist at Boatbridge Quarry, Thankerton, South Lanarkshire, in 1970. It was radiocarbon-dated to between 2460BC and 2140BC and thought to have been that of a man aged 18 to 25. reconstructed image will go on show at the Biggar and Upper Clydesdale Museum.
45 people infected with a strain of E. coli, 43 of whom reported eating at a Chipotle restaurant. Cases were in California, Minnesota, New York and Ohio. Chipotle shares are now down by more than a fifth this year, valuing the company at $16.7bn (Â£11bn)
The 15-year-old has been subject to an online and in-person harassment campaign. Her mother says local children have been ringing her doorbell looking for the girl. Chicago police found the girl one day after she went missing and contacted Facebook to have the video removed. The girl is now out of hospital, but has not yet returned home.
Ms Tsai is Taiwan's first female leader but unlike other Asian women who rose to the top, she didn't come from a political family. She has described herself as someone who likes to walk next to walls to avoid the spotlight. Beijing will have to decipher where exactly Ms Tsai stands on the issue of Taiwan's sovereignty and what her next move will be.
Third seed Murray plays Italian 25th seed Andreas Seppi in the third match on Centre Court at around 17:00 BST. Ward, ranked 110th, takes on Canada's Vasek Pospisil in the second match on court one at around 15:00. Murray practised with Ward on Friday and the pair have become good friends over the past two years.
Swansea West MP Geraint Davies said it was vital for a "greener future" The company behind the scheme warned in October that building work was being delayed by a year to 2017. Tidal Lagoon Power says it is still negotiating with ministers over an agreed price for the energy generated.
The number of people accepting welfare advice rose from 5,527 to 5,790. The RSPCA rehomed more than 1,750 animals across Wales in 2015. The charity's 2015 annual report found cases were down by 23% on the previous year. It also said the numbers of warning notices issued to owners increased.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg are the favourites to win the world title. Sebastian Vettel, Fernando Alonso, Kimi Raikkonen and Jenson Button also on the grid. Mercedes are the reigning constructors' champions after winning 16 of 19 races last season. Red Bull's Max Verstappen is the youngest driver in F1 history.
The M6 Toll was closed between junctions T3 and T4 near Lichfield. 48 passengers on the Megabus Preston to London service were led off the coach and forced to sit apart in a cordon. Police said a report of vapour escaping from a bag which led to the security alert was caused by "a health improvement aid for smokers"
Wandsworth, Richmond and Hillingdon councils spent £300,000 on legal action.Windsor and Maidenhead Council spent £50,000 from its development fund. The four councils failed in an attempt to challenge the decision to build the runway at the High Court in January.
Towns and cities along the Baltic coast were flooded, from Kiel in the far north to the resort island of Usedom near the Polish border. Sea levels recorded in the port of Wismar at 1.83m (6ft) above normal overnight. Storm Axel was also responsible for the arrival of several hundred thousand plastic eggs on the island of Langeoog.
Two men and two women who died in World War Two are interred at the Pantheon. The men were part of the resistance movement against the Nazis. The women were members of a government-in-exile in north Africa. The ceremony was attended by French President Francois Hollande.
The pensioner was found by her son when he arrived to visit her on Sunday. Police said she had been unable to get up from the floor or call for help. The suspect was thought to be in his 50s or 60s and wearing a dark, hooded top and trousers.
Hoffman, 40, sunk nine birdies in a seven-under-par 65 to lead ahead of compatriot William McGirt. Lee Westwood is third on two under, one ahead of fellow Englishmen Justin Rose, Andy Sullivan and Matt Fitzpatrick. World number one Dustin Johnson pulled out on the first tee after injuring his back when slipping on the stairs at his rental house.
Justice Minister Claire Sugden confirmed a motion will go before the assembly for approval. The move will bring Northern Ireland in line with England and Wales, where plans for automatic pardons were announced last month. Those proposals would see men convicted of now-abolished sexual offences receive posthumous pardons.Dubbed 'Turing's Law', after the World War Two code-breaker Alan Turing, the law will also allow living men convicted.
Kirsty Parkes cannot apply to be re-registered for one year. She was a history and English teacher at a school in West Lothian. The incidents happened during the 2012/13 school session. Ms Parkes did not attend or seek representation at the hearing.
Coventry Festival of Motoring has had funding withdrawn by the city council. Organisers Culture Coventry said the withdrawal was "not the only reason" they had made the decision to cancel the event. The free heritage event was due to take place in August at Stoneleigh Park.
The NSPCC says more than 860 people have called its dedicated football hotline. Devon and Cornwall Police and Warwickshire Police have become the latest forces to confirm they are investigating claims. The Football Association has announced an internal review and a number of football clubs are conducting their own inquiries.
Michael van Gerwen will meet Gary Anderson in next Thursday's other last-four match at London's O2 Arena. Peter Wright finished second to qualify for his first play-offs with a 7-1 victory over already-eliminated Raymond van Barneveld. Taylor will go in search of his seventh Premier League crown buoyed by a convincing win over reigning champion Van Gerwen in week 14.
There are currently 893 Changing Places toilets in the UK. They are different from standard disabled toilets as they have extra features and more space to help meet the needs of people who use them. Campaigners are calling for these to be made compulsory in larger buildings such as shopping centres and cinemas.
Ahmad Mohammed al-Mousa was killed by a group of masked men in Idlib. RBSS is one of the few independent sources of news left in the northern Syrian city of Raqqa. IS claimed responsibility for the kidnapping of Mr Mousa's father and four other Syrians accused of being members of the group.
The report says youngsters are let down by an over-emphasis on higher education. It says this affects the majority of UK youngsters who do not take A-levels or degrees. Department for Education said it was investing in apprenticeships in England. The report criticises a "confused" qualifications system that has been subjected to continual change.
The 10 biggest search engines in China have signed up to the anti-phishing scheme. The move comes as personal details of more than 45 million Chinese people were stolen in separate attacks. The government is investigating the thefts and said that the wave of attacks "threatened internet safety"
Video replays will be used to advise on "game-changing" decisions. The technology is being trialled at New York Red Bulls' stadium. They will also be tested in six other countries in the next two years. The International Football Association Board wants to decide by 2019 on whether to introduce video replays across the sport.
The 24-team tournament will take place in South Korea from 20 May to 11 June. South Africa are in Group A with Argentina, Uruguay and Costa Rica. Senegal will be in Group F with Ecuador, USA and Saudi Arabia. The winner of the tournament will be announced at a later date.
Upsetting events often make the news because they don't happen very often. It is incredibly unlikely that what you're reading about or watching might happen near you. Discuss the stories with your parents or friends. You'll feel better that you're not the only one worried.
Adrian Ismay, 52, was killed when a bomb exploded in his van. He had been a prison officer in Northern Ireland for 28 years. Northern Ireland First Minister Peter Robinson said he was 'deeply saddened' by the news. He called on those responsible for the attack to be brought to justice.
Up to 40% of goods Venezuela subsidises for its domestic market are smuggled to Colombia. The 2,200km-long (1,360-mile) border was closed on Monday night, and will be each night for a month. The Colombian government says it leads to a big loss in taxes and complaints of unfair competition by local businesses.
TV is the leading medium and three major broadcasters - state-owned TVP and private TVN and Polsat - dominate the market. There are more than 300 newspapers, most of them local or regional. The most popular paper, the Fakt tabloid, is owned by a German-Swiss group.
Novak Djokovic reached the last 16 of the men's singes. Rafael Nadal beat fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco 6-0 7-6 (11-9). Two-time champion Serena Williams defeated Kateryna Bondarenko. Simona Halep will face Williams in the quarter-finals.
Trago Mills, which runs three stores in Cornwall and Devon, was granted planning permission in 1999. Work was stalled by several issues including access and land reclamation. Now, work officially gets under way next to Cyfarthfa Retail Park on Friday. The development is due to be completed by spring 2018.
James Botham is the grandson of former England cricketer Sir Ian Botham. The 18-year-old came on from the bench in Wales' 33-0 win against Russia. Wales went on to lose to 28-5 to Canada in a shock defeat in Wellington.
Orica-BikeExchange's Michael Matthews wins stage 11 of the Tour de France. Slovakian Peter Sagan finishes second with Edvald Boasson Hagen third. Defending champion Chris Froome finishes in the peloton, nine minutes 39 seconds behind Matthews, on the 197km stage.
You can contact your local police, who are the only people with the proper powers to assess criminal allegations. The Metropolitan Police is also asking people with information or concerns to contact the NSPCC on its 24-hour helpline on 0808 800 5000. The National Association for People Abused in Childhood is a charity that offers support and advice to adult survivors of any form of childhood abuse.
Ukrainian officials said inventory work began on Saturday morning with the actual pullback to start in the afternoon. Rebels in the Luhansk region said they were withdrawing tanks. Both sides have committed to pulling out materiel carrying weapons with less than 100mm (4in) calibre. Moscow denies sending troops and heavy weapons to the pro-Russian separatists.
Royal Mail says rise of delivery firm Whistl could wipe £200m off sales. It also said competition was endangering its government-mandated Universal Service. The service guarantees a single price postal service that delivers to all UK addresses. The caution came as Royal Mail reported a small fall in pre-tax profits.
Radcliffe plays Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead at London's Old Vic. Tom Stoppard's comedy centres around two minor characters from Hamlet. The 27-year-old actor said he didn't want to tackle a Shakespearean role for the sake of it.
The women were serving as medics at a field hospital in western Aleppo. A Russian paediatrician seriously wounded in that attack also received the medal. A fifth Order of Courage went to a Russian colonel wounded elsewhere. Russia's combat losses so far in the Syria conflict are 21 military personnel, three helicopters and an Su-24 bomber.
The All Blacks beat Ireland 52-21 in Chicago on November 5. Schmidt's side face the All Blacks again in Dublin on Saturday. New Zealand have won their last four matches in a row in all competitions. The All Blacks have not beaten Ireland in their last six meetings.
Gen Palomino welcomed the probe, which he said he knew would clear his name. He is also under investigation for alleged illicit enrichment and conducting illegal wiretaps. The investigation was triggered by allegations by a police captain who said he had been abused by higher-ranking officers during his time as a cadet.
Messi had not scored in Barca's first two league games. He started on the bench after missing training on Friday to be with his new baby boy Mateo. Atletico went ahead six minutes after the break when Fernando Torres rolled in a shot, but Neymar equalised. Messi then grabbed the winner after being set up by Luis Suarez.
Johanna Konta beats Sorana Cirstea 6-2 6-3 in World Group II play-off tie in Constanta. Nastase sent off after swearing at umpire and abusing KontA and captain Anne Keothavong. The 70-year-old had caused controversy in the build-up to the tie after making a derogatory comment about Serena Williams' unborn child.
Vardy, 29, is included after scoring 24 goals to help the Foxes win the Premier League last season. Manchester United captain Wayne Rooney is overlooked for the first time in the competition's 12-year history. Barcelona have the most players represented, with 12 - two more than rivals Real Madrid.
The 30-year-old has played 12 times for Orient since joining in October. "Having been here for three months and got a feel for the place, I am happy to be staying," he says. Orient, who are 21st in League Two, face Mansfield on Saturday.
Both blasts went off on Thika road, a busy highway north-east of the city. The buses were crowded at the time of the explosions, which police said were caused by improvised devices. Recent violence has been blamed by the government on Somali Islamist group al-Shabab.
Adam Johnson, 28, is accused of two counts of sexual activity with a child. The former Sunderland and Middlesbrough footballer denies the charges. The girl, who was aged 15 at the time of the alleged incident, described how the winger was her favourite player. She said the player continued to message her, requesting a "thank you kiss"
Wilson was airlifted to hospital from the Pocono Raceway in Pennsylvania. Sage Karam's car spun and crashed in front of him on lap 179 of 200. The 37-year-old was making his 174th IndyCar start in Sunday's race. He won the Formula 3000 series in 2001 and raised £1.2m to finance his F1 entry.
The girl, named locally as Holly Hughes, is now in a stable condition. Her mother Alison Hind, 28, died in the crash on the A44 in Powys. Her uncle Martin Pugh, 47, and his partner's parents Margaret, 65, and John Kehoe, 72, were also killed.
Belfast's Jamie Conlan beats Hungarian David Koos on points. Irishman wins by unanimous decision at the Titanic Exhibition Centre. Belfast's Sean McKenna beats Dublin's Sean Creagh on points in the super-lightweight division. Bulgarian Meridin Yevgenyev wins on points after a fifth round stoppage.
PM says she hopes for early progress on a US-UK trade agreement. But she says she expects "very frank" talks on areas where their opinions differ. Mr Trump said recently he did not really care if the EU separated. Thousands of women are expected to join a march in London later.
GDP is the principal means of determining the health of the UK economy. It is used by the Bank of England and its Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) as one of the key indicators in setting interest rates. UK GDP is used internationally by the various financial bodies such as OECD, IMF, and World Bank.
Approaches include parent questionnaires, a family breakfast club and a walk-to-school programme. John Swinney said the tool would help "all of our children to succeed" The online resource will be added to in the coming weeks, Education Scotland said.
Greece insists the Parthenon Sculptures were taken illegally. It has pursued a high-profile campaign in recent years for their return. Mrs Clooney reportedly submitted a 150-page report to the Greek government this week. She urged it to formally request the repatriation of the marbles.
The IFS said changes to benefits and tax credits had been expected to save £19bn compared with "a world of no policy change" It said the increase in the cost of housing benefit was to blame for the rise in the deficit. The Treasury said the plan to cut the deficit by £126bn was working.
Albania beat Armenia 3-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier. A Kamo Hovhannisyan own goal set them on their way. Ledian Memushaj added a second from a free-kick and Armando Sadiku a third. Portugal beat Serbia 2-1, who had two men sent off. Aleksandar Kolarov was shown two yellow cards and Nemanja Matic was given a straight red for violent conduct.
Local government and communities committee to review building safety standards. Move comes as the Scottish government continues its investigation of tower blocks in Scotland. At least 79 people are believed to have died in the Grenfell Tower blaze. Cladding is thought to have contributed to the rapid spread of the fire.
Watford beat Newcastle United 2-1 at St James' Park. Ighalo scored his 20th goal in 24 Premier League games in 2015. Newcastle move off the bottom of the table after Bournemouth defeat. Steve McClaren's side have won just three of their last 25 league games.
Pembrokeshire council wants to create a one-way system, footways and a public transport hub. Phase one of the project will take 10 weeks to complete and will see demolition of the rear function room of the Ship and Anchor pub. An old library building will also be knocked down and a new car park built.
Mr Kalashnikov had been involved in the "anti-Maidan" protests in support of deposed President Viktor Yanukovych. It is not clear if he was murdered or committed suicide. At least eight Yanukovych allies have died suddenly in the last three months. Most of the deaths are said to have been suicides.
Patrick Buisson served as Nicolas Sarkozy's top aide for seven years. He is credited with inspiring his rightward shift on issues like national identity. The two men fell out after the former president's 2012 election defeat by Francois Hollande. Mr Buisson was convicted of invasion of privacy and ordered to pay damages.
Wrexham are interested in re-signing Shaun Harrad from Torquay. Gary Mills is also considering a move for Shaun Harvey from Notts County. Jordan Evans has been on trial with the Dragons following his release from Fulham. Wrexham's opening league game is against Dover Athletic on 6 August.
The military hero who defeated Napoleon Bonaparte stayed at the Kent castle regularly from 1829 until 1852. English Heritage has recreated the carpet and wallpaper in the room when he died aged 83. A pair of his original Wellington boots and his death mask are also on show.
Researchers at the University of Exeter carried out the first controlled experiment of its kind. The experiment showed "significant" reductions in participants' heart rates and blood pressure. Previous studies have linked contact with nature and improved wellbeing. The team were interested in exploring whether the experiment's results could be replicated in a medical setting.
Drones will be used to scan and assess Easyjet planes and report damage back to engineers. The flying robots are being developed by a team that includes experts from the University of Bristol. Easyjet is also developing virtual reality video technology and "paperless plane" technology.
The two-and-a-half minute clip gives a closer look at the film. It features car chases, exploding planes and shady crime organisations. Spectre will be released in UK cinemas on 26 October. Daniel Craig will reprise his role as the superspy for a fourth time.
PepsiCo said in March it was consulting about plans to close the Peterlee factory. Production would be moved to the company's other UK sites by December. 355 workers had been given notice earlier and all those affected would be offered support. Some of the famous crisps made at the factory include Walkers, Lays, Sensations and Scampi Fries.
The facility, inside the old Granada studios building, is being used by a new generation of musicians to make music videos for the internet. It was formerly used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on television, with the theme tune for the Brideshead Revisited series among the pieces recorded there.
At least 90 NGOs have complained to human rights watchdog Agora. Officials from prosecutor-general's office, justice ministry and tax authorities have visited. They want to check whether organisations are operating legally. Law requires all NGOs receiving overseas funding to register as "foreign agents" Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Transparency International are among those targeted.
Pandemrix was most widely used in the UK during the 2009-10 flu pandemic. It was given to almost a million British children between six months and five years old. The vaccine has already been linked to narcolepsy in youngsters from Finland, Sweden and Ireland.Manufacturer GlaxoSmithKline has been ordered to investigate the link.
US universities are still the most dominant international force in the Times Higher Education rankings. In top place, as last year, is the California Institute of Technology. London has more universities in this league table than all of Japan, although only Imperial College makes the top 10. The highest UK university is Oxford and the highest ranked continental European university is ETH Zurich in Switzerland.
Dewi and Dwynwen have been created by Welsh heritage body Cadw. They will be on display at Caernarfon Castle until the end of the month. The pair will also be at Wrexham's DragonFest on 1 April. They are made of fibreglass and weigh two tonnes each.
Lorna Waddell, 41, of Kelso, previously admitted obtaining nearly Â£4,000 by fraud while working for Provident Financial Management Services Ltd. She was given unpaid work as an alternative to custody at Jedburgh Sheriff Court.Waddell got five clients to sign loan applications saying she would receive the capital and repay the loan instalments.
Some Australian states already have "no jab, no play" laws in place. The law was passed after the death of a five-year-old boy from whooping cough. The government says the law is needed to protect children from the spread of disease. But critics say it is too costly and puts children at risk.
Oscar Pérez has been a member of the forensic police force, known as the CICPC, for 15 years. Venezuelan media emphasise that he is a highly trained agent, part of the Special Actions Brigade (BAE), where he is chief of operations for the Air Force division. He has no confirmed links with any international or domestic groups.
The SNP won 56 of the 59 Westminster constituencies at the general election. That resulted in the party being the third largest, behind the Conservatives and Labour. Parliamentary convention dictates that the official third largest party at Westminster gets to chair a number of select committees.SNP chief whip Mike Weir said both committees were especially important to Scotland in this parliament.
A new strain of the disease has been found in the UK. It is the first time the tree has been identified as a source of the fungus. Scientists hope to use the information to develop new treatments for the disease. The research could lead to a new generation of trees that are more resistant to the infection.
The third and final presidential debate takes place in Las Vegas on Wednesday. Donald Trump has shown little interest in ditching the campaign trail for prep sessions. Hillary Clinton has disappeared from the public eye to prepare for the debate. Polling in recent days has suggested that voters are finding the campaign a bit of a turnoff.
Presidio Terrace is now owned by two investors, Tina Lam and Michael Cheng, who snapped up the private road for about $90,000. The street - parking, pathways and all - was sold by the city over a $14-a-year tax which went unpaid for decades. Residents say they knew nothing about the sale until it was done.
Sutton ended their four-game winless run with a 3-0 win over Gateshead. Maxime Biamou, Roarie Deacon and Craig Dundas scored for the hosts. Manny Smith produced last-ditch heroics for Gateshead to deny Kieron Cadogan.
A spokesman said both men were in their 60s, but gave no further details. The men reportedly ran into bad weather as they were coming down the mountain over the weekend. Last week, the remains of two Japanese climbers who disappeared 45 years ago were found on the Matterhorn.
Higuain was dismissed for a second bookable offence in the 3-1 defeat at Stadio Friuli. The 28-year-old is Napoli's top scorer with 30 goals. He will miss games against Hellas Verona, Inter Milan, Bologna and Roma.
passive smoking costs the NHS Â£23m a year. It leads to 300,000 doctor visits and 9,500 hospital admissions annually. Public Health England found that three-quarters of smoking parents were shocked by the statistics. Do you worry about the effects on your health? Or do you think it's not a problem?
Residents will be asked for their views on a range of healthcare issues. West London Mental Health NHS Trust, which runs the unit, said it was a "groundbreaking initiative" The hospital, based in Crowthorne, was issued with a Care Quality Commission warning notice in December.
The committee on the Licensing Act 2003 also called for an overhaul of local licensing panels after hearing of "scandalous misuse" of powers. The 50p per unit minimum was approved by MSPs in 2012, but has faced legal challenges from the drinks industry. The select committee's report also warned that the act was not working in regulating late night openings.
The Surf Snowdonia project at a former factory site at Dolgarrog in the Conwy Valley is due to open next summer. The inland surfing lagoon will use technology called Wavegarden to drive waves up to 2m (6ft) high. Tourism Minister Edwina Hart called it an "iconic attraction for Wales"
Kluber struck out eight of the first nine outs registered and Roberto Perez hit two home runs as the Cubs endured a miserable return to the season finale. Game Two of the best-of-seven series begins at 00:08 BST on Wednesday. First pitch has been brought forward an hour because of the threat of rain in the Cleveland area.
The Australian was poised to take the lead from eventual winner Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes only for a slow pit stop because his tyres were not ready to delay him. The problem followed a mistake costing him a win in Spain two weeks ago. Red Bull motorsport chief Helmut Marko said: "We will investigate and find out [what happened], but it was a human mistake"
Two fans have been charged with making an offensive public gesture. The fans were chanting during a game between Leicester City and Brighton & Hove Albion. The incident happened during the second half of the match. The two fans were charged with two counts of making an obscene public gesture in public.
The controversial bonfire is in a public car park at Ravenscroft Avenue, off the Newtownards Road. It is one of four Belfast bonfires that are the subject of court injunctions, sought to prevent them getting bigger. Police are investigating complaints about "distasteful" materials placed on bonfires. Sinn Féin's Stormont leader Michelle O'Neill said the burning of flags and election posters was a "hate crime"
The Republican Party is too badly divided. Republican voters may be "idiots", but the general public is wiser. The US electoral map, which places a premium on winning key high-population "swing" states, is tilted against the Republican Party. On Tuesday a survey of three key swing states revealed a virtual dead heat between the two likely standard-bearers.
A Swedish couple adopted her when she was two-and-a-half years old. She tracked down her biological mother and had an emotional reunion. Her adoptive parents were supportive of her quest, but others couldn't fathom why she would want to rake up the past. Her mother has two children - a son and a daughter - from her second husband.
Hamilton was 0.4secs quicker than team-mate Valtteri Bottas. Vettel was third, 0.7secs adrift of his title rival. The German was struggling with a lack of grip at the Hungaroring. Jenson Button was fourth, just 0.1secs off the pace. Romain Grosjean crashed out at Turn 11.
Peter Sutcliffe was convicted of 13 murders and seven attempted murders in 1981. He has been in Broadmoor Prison since being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. The BBC understands that transferring Sutcliffe to a prison could save up to Â£250,000 a year. A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "Peter Coonan will remain locked up"
The council's cabinet had recommended changing Brecon High School to an English-medium school from 1 September. 32 members of full council opposed the plans, with eight in favour. The vote was taken as an indication of the full council's views but it was not a final decision.
Tom DeLonge posted on Instagram that he had never quit the band. The guitarist's manager sent an e-mail which said: "Tom. Is Out" DeLonge performed with the band at Reading and Leeds Festivals last summer. He has been promoting his other band, Angels & Airwaves.
A woman stepped through a hole in a car tyre and became wedged inside. Firefighters spent 10 minutes sawing the rubber and the woman was not injured. A crew from Deeside was sent to the play park in Sealand just before 13:00 GMT.
Manchester United beat Crystal Palace 2-1 at Selhurst Park on Wednesday. Jose Mourinho's side are sixth in the Premier League table. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Alan Pardew described Marcos Rojo's tackle on Wilfried Zaha as 'dangerous'
Choi Soon-sil is suspected of using their friendship to solicit donations. She is the daughter of Choi Tae-min, a shadowy quasi-religious leader. Ms Park said she had put too much faith in a personal relationship. The main opposition party said the president's apology lacked sincerity.
The child was airlifted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital on Tuesday. He was in a stable condition after suffering serious leg injuries. The man will appear at Merthyr Tydfil Magistrates' Court on Thursday. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
The last executions in the UK took place in 1964. The death penalty was formally abolished in Britain in 1965 and in Northern Ireland in 1973. It was last debated in Parliament in 1998 during the passage of the Human Rights Act. Paul Staines needs 100,000 people to support his e-petition on the government website.
The boy's death was the first of a child on a Northern Ireland for almost three years. There were seven deaths on Northern Ireland in 2016 and six the year before. The Methodist Church in Maguiresbridge is holding a special service at 19:00 BST, inviting people to come together.
Oscar Pistorius is serving a five-year prison sentence for culpable homicide. Prosecutors say the sentence failed to consider the 'horrendous manner' in which Reeva Steenkamp was killed. The double-amputee sprinter was charged with the pre-meditated murder of his girlfriend.
The aerodrome's owners had claimed that "permanent unrestricted planning permission" was granted in 1951. This was rejected by Waverley Borough Council in July 2011 and the planning inspector in April 2012. A judge at the High Court said the 1951 permission did not grant permission for unrestricted flying.
Rafael Benitez likely to make changes from last round win over Birmingham. Aleksandar Mitrovic and Jack Colback could return for Newcastle. Goalkeeper Manny Agboola, 18, will be on the bench for the Magpies. Oxford boss Michael Appleton: "If we beat Newcastle, it would be as big a win as I've ever had as a manager"
Walmart will give JD.com ownership of Yihaodian's marketplace, including the brand, website and app. In exchange Walmart will take a near 5% stake inJD.com, China's second largest e-commerce firm after Alibaba. Walmart's Sam's Club brand will launch a shop on the website.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said "devolution has moved forward" since the election. Significant powers had been handed to Scotland and councils, he added. Brecon and Radnorshire MP Chris Davies told BBC Wales he could "see my first rebellion against the government will be coming"
UKIP leader Nigel Farage says there is 'not a cigarette paper' between the three main parties. He says the Tories are guilty of'shocking double standards' over defence and foreign aid. The Conservatives and Labour have not committed to matching the 2% Nato spending target.
Jodie Whittaker will make her debut on the show when the Doctor regenerates in the Christmas special. Luis Fonsi's Despacito became the most-streamed song of all time within just six months of its release. Linkin Park lead singer Chester Bennington died aged 41.
"There is a hardening view in the cabinet that we've got to deal with green subsidies," a cabinet source said. Subsidies to the renewable energy industry, paid for by consumers, are expected to add up to Â£4.3bn this year. New onshore wind farms will be excluded from a subsidy scheme from April next year.
Members of the 130th (St John) Field Ambulance are being honoured. Archbishop of Wales and the Duke of Gloucester are among 200 invited guests. The men served at some of the most important battles of World War One. 11 were killed in action or died from wounds.
Ellis and Langridge beat the world number five pair 21-18 19-21 21-10. The pair performed above their world ranking of 22nd to reach Tuesday's semi-final. They lost to fourth seeds Fu Haifeng and Zhang Nan of China.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he would bring in a more constructive relationship with the unions. But with this new relationship there are now new tensions. Transport bosses seem bemused the unions are upset over the relocation over eight drivers from Essex depots to Earl's Court. They claim it is in black and white in the contracts agreed by the unions themselves.
Nine men were arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown during Coventry City's 3-0 loss at Sixfields. The club has said that the "repeated disruptions" were "unacceptable" The Sky Blues are without a League One victory since 1 November and have only won four times all season.
North Korea has recently threatened nuclear attacks, and is feared to be preparing a missile launch. A Chinese statement issued during a visit by US Secretary of State John Kerry said the nuclear issue was the "shared responsibility of all parties" China is North Korea's only ally and major trading partner, but has grown increasingly frustrated with its growing belligerence.
The Garfield Weston Foundation made the award to the Mackintosh Campus Appeal, which aims to raise £32m. Contractors who are restoring the iconic Grade A-listed art nouveau building hope to have completed their work by the end of February 2019. The art school announced earlier this year plans to purchase the former Stow College building for its expanded Garnethill campus.
Dr Ben Clark was one of three air ambulance staff to be honoured. He treated victims of the Alton Towers Smiler crash in June. The Midlands Air Ambulance Service later tweeted the photo. Former England captain Beckham decided to join in when Dr Clark was photographed.
The judge held that Mr Durkan acted unilaterally and unlawfully in authorising the Belfast Metropolitan Area Plan (BMAP) without securing consent from executive colleagues. The judge backed claims that because its significance stretched across departmental responsibilities it needed approval from the Stormont cabinet. A decision on what remedy to grant in the case will be taken at a later date.
The 29-year-old made 260 appearances for the Spireites after joining in July 2009. Talbot started his career at Sheffield Wednesday, and has also had spells with Scunthope, Luton and Plymouth. Portsmouth finished sixth in League Two last season, but lost in play-off semi-finals.
Ronnie Hignett takes over at Hartlepool after Ronnie Moore left the club. Pools are four points above the relegation zone after a poor start to the season. Hignet says he is 'walking into a positive situation' after Moore's departure. The Pools host Yeovil on Saturday.
George Edward Cole was born in Tooting, south-west London on 22 Apr 1925. He was adopted by the Cole family and brought up on a London council estate. He left school at 14 intending to work as a butcher's boy but ran away to Blackpool where he successfully auditioned for a part in a touring musical show.
The FTSE 100 was down 19.66 points at 6,634.81 at lunchtime on Friday. The pound was up 0.27% against the dollar at $1.3379. Among individual shares, airlines bore the brunt in the wake of Thursday night's Bastille Day attack in the French resort of Nice.
Fire Brigades Union (FBU) members walked out at 18:00 GMT on Friday. Some fire brigades have warned the public could be left "vulnerable" and small fires may not be attended. Fire Minister Penny Mordaunt said fire and rescue authorities have "robust" plans in place for the weekend.
The Prime Minister has promised to bring fast broadband to all homes and businesses. But there are questions over how much it will cost and who will pay for it. There are calls for BT to give up control of its fibre-optic network to make way for the new service.
Colombia's Attorney General said the office was run by a criminal organisation. He said President Juan Manuel Santos was also "probably" targeted. The Farc, Colombia's largest guerrilla group, has been in talks with the government since November 2012 to try to end the longest-running internal conflict in Latin America.
"I'm really looking forward to building on the work already done," says Campbell. She will focus her work on increasing the number of women playing at the top level. She was awarded a CBE for her services to sport in 2003. She is set to start her new role in March.
Manchester United have named their 27-man Europa League squad. Only 21 non-club trained players can be named in squads for European competition. Axel Tuanzebe, Marcus Rashford, Luke Shaw and Timothy Fosu-Mensah all named. United begin their Europa League campaign away to Feyenoord.
Police said three armed men took a five-figure sum from the vehicle. Two security guards aged 47 and 49 were left badly shaken by the robbery. It is understood the cash taken was in the region of Â£50,000. The area around the bank, which is near the Buchanan Galleries shopping centre, has been cordoned off.
The Trump administration's first weekday began with a flurry of executive orders. The president issued executive orders on trade and abortion on Monday. Congressional committees will soon begin hammering out tax and healthcare legislation. But if conservatives continue to charge through the chaos, they may learn to love their new president's style.
The event took place in Glasgow, Scotland. It was organised by the Scottish Football Association. The event was to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the club's foundation. It also marked the start of a new era for the club, which is now called St John's FC.
The pants, embroidered with the royal VR monogram, are being sold on behalf of Yesterday's World in Sussex. They are from the last 10 years of Queen Victoria's life and are in "excellent condition" They are expected to fetch several thousand pounds when they go under the hammer next week.
Hearts beat St Johnstone 6-3 on aggregate in Europa League qualifier. Hearts will face Birkirkara of Malta next week in second qualifying round. Hearts boss Neilson unhappy with late challenge on Ofuso Appiah. Neilson warns Birk Kirkara will not be a walkover.
Wales came from a goal down to beat Belgium 3-1 on Friday. They will now face Portugal in the semi-finals on Wednesday. BBC pundit Dean Saunders left his car in a short stay area at Birmingham Airport. The airport said on Twitter that if Wales win the tournament, it would "waive his parking fee"
World number 20 Wilson beats Anthony Hamilton 6-3 in German Open quarter-finals. The pair completed a record six consecutive tons when they met on Wednesday. The previous record of five was jointly held by Ronnie O'Sullivan and Stephen Hendry in the 2003 British Open final, and Stephen Maguire and Neil Robertson in the 2009 Masters.
Which? says making products smaller is a "sneaky way" of increasing prices. Toilet roll, chocolate biscuits, orange juice and antibacterial wipes all on list. Unilever revealed in January that a number of ice creams would be getting smaller. Most brands said it was up to supermarkets to set the price.
Bones were found in a blue plastic bag wrapped in a pair of dark leggings or trousers. They were discovered just off a towpath leading from Welbeck Lane on 3 May last year. West Yorkshire Police said it was believed the baby was born at full term. A post-mortem examination was inconclusive.
Colombian Jarlinson Pantano wins stage 15 of the Tour de France. Pantano outsprinted Poland's Rafal Majka to claim his maiden Grand Tour stage win. Briton Chris Froome was over three minutes behind the winner on the mountainous 160km stage from Bourg-en-Bresse to Culoz.
The government's preferred option is for the main HS2 route to run east of Sheffield, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield city centre. Critics say HS2 is not needed and will spoil parts of the countryside. The first phase of the £56bn railway is due to open in December 2026.
Chesterfield are now six points off the play-off places after defeat at home to Barnsley. Lee Novak gave the hosts the lead with a deflected shot. But Ollie Banks equalised for the hosts with a header from a corner. The result leaves them four points behind leaders Manchester United.
EDF says it has called a board meeting for 28 July and the investment decision is on the agenda. BBC correspondent John Moylan said the firm's board is expected to give the plant the go-ahead. It was initially due to cost £12bn, but recent estimates put the cost at £18bn.
"It should not be in those waters," says Dr Ben Garrod. There are no obvious signs of net entanglement, he says. A post-mortem will be carried out to determine the cause of death. The beach is closed to the public, but residents are urged to stay away.
Police said the man was being held over alleged offensive behaviour. He is understood to be among those pictured in a recent police CCTV images appeal. toilets were vandalised at the game and offensive effigies of Rangers fans were hung from the stands. Celtic won the match 5-1 at Celtic Park on 10 September.
The new rules come into effect on 1 April. They apply to dual nationals from the UK, US, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. The rules were introduced after the Paris terror attacks in November. They were designed to make it easier for people to get a visa to visit family.
Ministers say they need to do more to help young people reach their potential. They are introducing changes to the way performance is measured. The changes are intended to help all young people, not just those with the best qualifications, they say. But critics say the changes do not go far enough to help those with poor qualifications.
Connor Smith, 19, was drunk and had cannabis when he attacked Anil Jnagal. The pair were on a night out on Birmingham's Broad Street when the attack happened. Smith admitted wounding and his barrister said he was remorseful. Judge Richard Bond said reconstructive surgery was unlikely due to the nature of the injury.
New laws mean doctors and nurses are at risk of being jailed for speaking out. The laws are designed to stop the flow of asylum seekers into Australia. The government says the laws are needed to protect the health of the public. But critics say the laws could be used to silence medical professionals.
Gaiman's The Ocean at the End of the Lane wins National Book Award. Other winners include Gillian Flynn's Gone Girl and Malala Yousafzai's I Am Malala. Online voting for the title closed on 19 December. Gaiman is currently writing a prequel to The Sandman.
Amari was the winner of Junior Bake Off in 2015. She gives her verdict on the remaining bakers. And who she tips as the winner. Watch the rest of the series tonight at 10pm on Channel 5. For more information, visit www.bakeoff.com.
Chairman Lord Bradley announced he was resigning from the trust on Friday.Monitor said the probe into the Christie NHS Foundation Trust was over concerns about governance. It said there were concerns the board of the trust had "not adhered to the required corporate governance standards" The Christie is the largest cancer centre in Europe and treats more than 40,000 patients a year.
It was only four inches long and survived by eating algae off rocks. It is an ancient relative of modern molluscs. It was found in Morocco in the late 1990s. The creature had a built in, helmet like, shell to keep it safe from predators.
Independent News & Media has sold its current premises on Royal Avenue to the developer McAleer and Rushe. Its owner, INM, decided to move due to the closure of the printing operation within the Royal Avenue premises. It is currently negotiating with the landlord of an office block but has other options.
L/Cpl Craig Roberts and two others died on an SAS selection exercise in 2013. At their inquest last year a coroner ruled neglect contributed to their deaths. The Health and Safety Executive issued a censure, which is the highest action it can take, as the MoD cannot be prosecuted. UK Government ruled out amending the 2007 Corporate Manslaughter Act.
The vehicle was taken from a farm in Tilney St Lawrence, near King's Lynn, Norfolk. It was abandoned in Oakroyd Crescent in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, after it was driven in to a dead end. A man in his 20s has been arrested in connection with the incident.
Former party leader dramatically announced his exit on Friday. He has rejected demands for him to stand down and trigger a by-election. Labour has a minority of AMs in the assembly and needs other parties to help govern. Lord Elis-Thomas said pro-devolutionists should be working together to ensure Wales does not lose powers.
Use of online dating site eHarmony spiked by 35% in the days that followed the Republican's victory. Chief executive Grant Langston says the increase in activity on his site was reminiscent of those seen after the 9/11 attacks. Since the company was founded 17 years ago in California, the dating site now has many more competitors.
Amnesty International criticises "dehumanizing agenda" of world leaders. Group says U.S. President Donald Trump is leading the way. It also criticises Turkey, Hungary and the Philippines for using "us vs. them" rhetoric. It says the UK government's decision to allow refugees into the country is "shameful"
NHS England medical director Sir Bruce Keogh says he worries they will put vulnerable people "at risk" Chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies says they will "inevitably lead to patients suffering" Health Minister Ben Gummer claims they will be put in "harm's way" On 26 and 27 April junior doctors will stop providing emergency cover.
Charteris left Newport Gwent Dragons for Perpignan in 2012 and then signed for Racing 92 in 2014. The 62-cap, 6ft 9in player is out of contract at the end of the 2015-16 season. Wales scrum-half Mike Phillips believes Charteris' departure would be a blow for the French club.
Some of the letters are in poor condition. They were written during the First World War. They are being displayed at the National Library of Wales in Cardiff. The exhibition runs until the end of the month and is open to the public. For more information on the exhibition, visit: http://www.nlw.org.uk/news/features/stories/stories-from-the-first-world-war-1917-1923/
Matt Machan hits century from just 70 deliveries as Sussex are all out for 345. Sri Lankan spinner Sachithra Senanayake takes two wickets in two balls for Worcestershire. Daryl Mitchell and Richard Oliver see off the new ball to end the day without loss.
Xavi won 14 major honours under Guardiola at Barcelona over four years. The 36-year-old is currently playing for Al Sadd SC in Qatar. Guardiola won his first 10 games in charge of City before suffering a first defeat at Tottenham before the international break. Xavi: "If there is one person who can change the mentality of English players... it's Pep Guardiola"
In October, 321 patients were delayed for more than four weeks after they were ready to go home. The issue, known as bed blocking, has left people stuck in hospital while support arrangements are put in place. Scotland's new health secretary, Shona Robison, said reducing delayed discharges was one of her top priorities.
Police say Maoist rebels sabotaged the track, causing the derailment of the Calcutta-Mumbai express in West Bengal. Comrade Akaash said they would investigate whether any rebels were involved. Railway officials in eastern India have cancelled night trains in Maoist-affected areas after Friday's incident.
Cycling enthusiast Rad Wagon is recruiting people to knit 3,000 miniature "Tour jerseys" and wool-covered bicycle wheels. A similar "mini-jersey" idea is being promoted by Harrogate Borough Council. The UK stage of the race comes to the city on 7 July.
Police had appealed for witnesses to an incident in the town's Agnew Crescent. A 23-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with wasting police time. Police added that they were not looking for anyone in respect of the original alleged robbery on Saturday evening.
Tunisia is a nation in shock - and its tourism lifeline is under serious threat. Thousands of holidaymakers have already left on emergency flights laid on by tour operators. One in ten Tunisians works in the tourism industry. It took a hit after the attack on the Bardo museum in March - and is now widely expected to plummet.
The Islamic Center of Fort Pierce was heavily damaged in the fire. Joseph Michael Schreiber faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted. He allegedly made multiple anti-Muslim posts on social media. No one was injured in the blaze, which coincided with the Muslim holiday Eid al-Adha.
The MBA has issued a new message asking people to help keep bothies in a tidy state. The association and groups including the Mountaineering Council of Scotland have raised concerns in the past about rubbish being left in the shelters. Use of bothies increases in summer months.
Max Jowitt crossed early on after good work by Craig Hall, but three quick tries by Tony Gigot, Dave Taylor and Justin Horo put the hosts in control. Wakefield drew level at 18-18 at the break when Jonny Molloy powered over and Hall touched down.
The 26-year-old has made 54 competitive appearances for Gloucester since arriving in 2014. Atkinson has started a total of 21 Premiership matches for the Cherry and Whites. The former Sale Sharks, Wasps and Bedford Blues player has played in the Aviva Premiership for Sale Sharks and Wasps.
Jimmy Greaves is fourth on the list of all-time England goalscorers, behind Sir Bobby Charlton, Gary Lineker and Wayne Rooney. The 75-year-old had a minor stroke in 2012, but appeared to have made a full recovery. He was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame on 13 May at a sell-out ceremony.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring from the spot after Patrick Roberts was fouled by Callum Booth. Tom Rogic doubled Celtic's lead with a close-range finish. Callum McGregor scored with a shot off the underside of the bar. Roberts then curled in his second and made it five with just minutes left.
Matthew Flynn and Josh Todd both struck around the hour-mark. Montrose drop to ninth after Berwick Rangers and Arbroath both won. Jim Chapman's side rise to fourth, one point clear of Queen's Park, while Montrose are down to ninth in the Scottish Championship.
Jones made 41 league appearances for the Clarets last season. The 31-year-old joined the club in 2013 following his departure from Wigan. He has also played for Preston, Derby, Blackburn, Wolves and Oldham. Click here for all the latest Premier League news.
Annan Athletic failed to receive an end of season payment from the league. The League Two side were expecting about £18,000 but the funds were paid into a fraudulent account. The SPFL said it has been subject to further attempts at hacking and fraudulent activity as recently as this week.
The 24-year-old former Brentford and Swindon man scored once in 46 league appearances in 2016-17. He joins former Dons team-mate Dominic Poleon at the Bantams after he moved to the club last month. Stuart McCall's side lost to Millwall in last season's play-off final.
Voters in Wisconsin go to the polls to pick their presidential candidates in each party. The vote could reshape the Republican race, with front-runner Mr Trump facing a strong challenge from Texas Senator Ted Cruz. US President Barack Obama said the plan was "half-baked" and unworkable.
Party officials opted not to automatically reselect Mohammad Asghar. A second AM forced to follow the same procedure, William Graham, finished outside the top four - meaning he is effectively de-selected. Second on the list will be Laura Anne Jones, previously an AM between 2003-07.
Celtic have won the Scottish League Cup for the fifth year in a row. But they have failed to win the Scottish Premiership title for the first time in their history. They are second in the Scottish Championship behind second-placed Dundee United. The Scottish Cup final will be played on Saturday.
The Sun on Sunday wants to publish an account of alleged extra-marital activities by the man. But he argues he has a right to privacy and has taken legal action. Court of Appeal judges gave the man until 10:00 BST on Tuesday to apply to take the case to the UK Supreme Court. An interim injunction will remain in place until the end of the hearing.
The fallout from his comrades is unprecedented. His deputy, Cyril Ramaphosa, came out in public to say the president's decision to get rid of Mr Gordhan without consultation was "unacceptable" The question is whether all the protests and the public outcry will yield any results. Analyst Dumisane Hlophe says Mr Zuma is unlikely to be removed.
Hull City have just 13 fit players ahead of the new Premier League season. Manager Steve Bruce was a candidate for the England job. The Tigers have been up for sale since the end of the 2013-14 season. They open their campaign against Leicester City on Saturday, August 13.
Cecil was shot in July by US dentist Walter Palmer. Zimbabwe is seeking his extradition. Cecil's head was found in the home of Theo Bronkhorst, one of the co-accused. Mr Rodrigues said he has been subjected to a torrent of abuse after speaking out.
Bradley Dack headed home a Paul Konchesky cross to give Gillingham the lead. Ricky Holmes saw a second-half penalty saved by Stuart Nelson. But Nicky Ajose scored from the penalty spot a minute into time added on. Charlton were much improved after the break but could not find a way past Nelson.
Families with one parent with a taxable income of more than £50,000 will lose some of the benefit. It will be withdrawn entirely if one parent earns above £60,000. David Cameron described the move as "fundamentally fair" but Labour said it was a "huge assault" on families.
PCCs work to ensure police forces are running effectively and replaced police authorities. Since 2011, officer numbers in the force have fallen by about 400. Mr Hogg told the BBC he would still be doing the job in his 70s if he was re-elected and wanted to spend more time with his family.
Curtis, 62, played more than 350 games for the Swans. He has been caretaker manager three times and has also served the club as first-team coach. New role will see him monitor players from the first team and Under-23s on loan at other clubs.
10 caravans arrived at the King George V playing fields car park in Topsham Road, Exeter on Friday. Central Youth Football Club chairman said he could not have children walking through their campsite to the changing rooms. All games at the club have been cancelled this weekend.
The Eiffel Tower will remain closed until further notice. A total of 129 people were killed in the attacks in Paris on Friday. The attacks were carried out by a group of Islamist militants. The French government has announced new security measures in the wake of the attacks.
London Welsh were top of their group in the British & Irish Cup. The Exiles' first two matches in Pool Two have been wiped out. Welsh's match against Doncaster Knights has been postponed because they are unable to raise a side. The Old Deer Park side can appeal against the decision.
Dawid Malan hits four sixes and 18 fours in his 128-ball innings. Colin Ingram hits 102 off 93 balls in Glamorgan's 251-9. James Harris takes 4-38 against his old club Middlesex. Kent and Lancashire are eliminated from the competition.
Hinchingbrooke Hospital in Cambridgeshire was branded "inadequate" by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) last month. Its chief executive, Hisham Abdel-Rahman, said the report was "problematic" and full of errors. The CQC accepted some mistakes but said it stood by the report.
The incident happened in December when the 18-year-old man suffered a broken jaw. The woman is described as being in her late teens to early 20s, with long brown hair. The man was wearing a dark blue puffy jacket, blue jeans and grey and black trainers.
In total, 99 were seized by police under the Dangerous Dogs Act, down 60 from 159 in 2015. Figures were obtained from all Welsh police forces using a request under the Freedom of Information (FOI) Act. National Police Chiefs' Council spokesman said many people bought dogs without knowing their temperament.
Heather Rabbatts was the FA's first female non-executive director and board member. The 61-year-old was appointed in 2012 and will step down from her role. Rabbatts said she remains "frustrated at the lack of progress for BAME coaches" The FA agreed a set of reforms which included increasing the number of women on its board.
Buttler hits 10 fours and eight sixes in his 116 not out from 52 balls. He reached three figures in 46 balls, beating the 61-ball hundred he made against Sri Lanka in May 2014. Pakistan were bowled out for 271, with Moeen Ali taking 3-53.
Ross Simons, 34, and his wife Clare, 30, died at the scene of the incident in Hanham, near Bristol, on Sunday. Police arrested a 38-year-old man on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Friends said the couple had desperately wanted children and had been given the go-ahead to start IVF treatment.
Mike Welch started selling tyres aged 16 before setting up Black Circles. He built it up to annual sales of £28m, with annual growth of around 20% per year since 2008. The company developed a "click and fit" business model. Customers choose their tyres online, they are then delivered directly to one of 1,350 independent garages.
The Future Landscapes Wales (FLW) report has been produced by a group under the chairmanship of Lord Elis-Thomas. The RSPB and Welsh Wildlife Trusts said they could not support the report in its current form. The report was due to be published a fortnight ago but will now be unveiled at a later date.
The 33-year-old made a total of 12 Test appearances for England. Tremlett played a vital role in the 2010-11 Ashes victory in Australia. He has been affected by back and knee injuries in recent years. The Surrey player took 53 wickets at an average of 27 in his Test appearances.
The technology lets people physically feel the buttons displayed on a touchscreen. It could help drivers keep their eyes on the road. The BBC's Dave Lee said pressing virtual buttons on the display felt like pressing real, physical buttons.Read more of our CES articles and follow the BBC team covering the show on Twitter.
Fishermen aboard the St Apollo escaped into their life raft during the incident. Rescue helicopter was sent from Prestwick but the group were reached first by the Oban lifeboat. They were taken ashore at Oban. It's thought no one was been injured in the incident early on Monday.
Civic Platform, which led Poland's coalition government for the last eight years, won 138 seats or 24.09%. It is the first time a single party has won enough votes to govern alone since democracy was restored in 1989. Eurosceptic Law and Justice (PiS) party, led by Jaroslaw Kaczynski, won 37.58% of the vote.
He told a rally in Columbus, Ohio, that he had heard "more and more" that the contest would be unfair. At another event he called Democratic rival Hillary Clinton "the devil" He has made similar comments before in relation to the Democratic race, suggesting the party fixed its system to favour nominee Hillary Clinton.
Vincent Barker, known as Vinnie, died in July 2012, five months after he had a routine eye test at Boots in Ipswich. The prosecution told Ipswich Crown Court the conduct of eye specialist Honey Rose was so far below the expected standard it was "criminal" Ms Rose denies a charge of gross negligence manslaughter.
Lloyd Dyer puts Burton ahead with a superb finish. Jamie Ward volleyed the second, before Michael Morrison headed Blues' best chance wide from a late corner. Burton's second victory in nine league games lifts Nigel Clough's side six places to 13th in Championship. Birmingham remain fifth after only their third defeat of the season.
Garbutt, 26, was sent off in the 71st minute of his side's 38-4 loss for punching opponent James Tamou. The Australian was banned for two games by the Rugby Football League on Monday. "Everyone that knows me knows I'm not the sort that does that kind of thing," said Garbutt.
The service for friends and relatives of Steve Warren was held at Huntworth near Bridgwater. Mr Warren's sister Kay Coombes said: "He would want us to celebrate his life" The yacht's upturned hull was found by the US Coast Guard on 23 May.
Falkirk Local Government Pension Scheme to fund up to 1,000 new homes. The money will be made from contributions from 11 local authority pension schemes. The fund will be used to build new homes in Falkirk and the surrounding area. It will also help pay for the construction of new schools and hospitals.
Dickson carried his bat for 207 not out, as Shiv Thakor's maiden five-wicket haul saw Kent all out for 412. Billy Godleman retired hurt without facing a ball after he was hit by a throw. Chesney Hughes was bowled by James Tredwell for one. Matt Coles dismissed Tom Taylor and Hamish Rutherford for ducks.
Man, 23, from Cardiff, arrested on suspicion of sexual assault. Officers received a report of an attack on a woman, 19, at 04:30 BST on Thursday. He has been taken to Cardiff Bay police station, where he is being questioned. For confidential support call the Samaritans in the UK on 08457 90 90 90, visit a local Samaritans branch or click here for details.
Growing up in diamond-rich eastern Sierra Leone, it was the natural thing to do. Thousands of people from across the country, as well as The Gambia, Mali, Senegal and even Lebanon, to go to Kono in the hope of making a quick fortune. The life of an artisanal miner was like that of an indentured labourer.
Construction will begin in spring 2015 and it is hoped the line will open by 2020. The full cost is expected to be up to Â£1bn, which will be funded by developments in the area. Some residents had opposed the plans, saying it would lead to a loss of parkland and increase noise and pollution.
Services from Aberystwyth to Birmingham and Milford Haven to Manchester via Cardiff could be affected. Department of Transport spokesman said no decisions would be made without considering local views. Campaign group Railfutures Wales said: "It's ludicrous, it's impractical and we're determined to fight it"
Project Sidekick creates a virtual-reality world on the ISS. Ground control can come into our virtual world and we can use it for doing tasks. It can point out exactly what switches to flip or which screws to loosen, handles to turn and even guide us to storage locations.
Attack suggests al-Qaeda-linked militants are increasingly focusing on France's former colonies. The former colonies have become increasingly vulnerable following a French-led military operation in northern Mali in 2013. Groups like AQIM may be exploiting high levels of unemployment to gain recruits. France has about 3,000 troops in the region.
The man's blue Ford Focus and a red HGV collided between the Warrix Interchange and Corsehillmount roundabout, near Dreghorn, at about 20:50 on Wednesday. The car driver died at the scene. The 36-year-old man who was driving the lorry was uninjured.
Moslemuddin Sarkar, 52, arrived back in Dhaka on Tuesday, a day after being freed from a Pakistani jail. Family lost contact after Mr Sarkar left for India in search of work in 1989. Years later, he ended up in Pakistan, where he was arrested. He says he was beaten and tortured in his subsequent 15 years in prison.
Security expert Brian Krebs broke the news that a vast vault of highly personal data from mSpy customers had been dumped on the so-called dark web. Initial reports suggested up to 400,000 customer details had been exposed. UK's Information Commissioner is investigating the company and is trying to find out where it is based.
Charles Sherwin went on ITV's Take Me Out in 2012 looking for love. But he ended up with a string of abuse from Twitter trolls. Now the farmer's told Newsbeat the site needs to do more to punish trolls. Charles only uses Facebook now, as he thinks it's safer.
Conservative MP Damian Collins has called on Fifa to release Michael Garcia's report. The independent ethics investigator has been looking into bribery claims. The SFO can investigate cases which undermine UK commercial/financial PLC. Collins wants to see if the SFO would now be prepared to act on the allegations.
Dennis has been told by the two parties that own 75% of McLaren Group that his contract will not be renewed for 2017. But Brown, a 44-year-old American, is also considered a potential chief commercial officer for F1's new owners. US media group Liberty is in the process of buying a controlling interest in the sport's commercial arm.
El Mundo said it had original ledger entries handwritten by the former treasurer of the governing Popular Party. Luis Barcenas is in custody facing trial for corruption and tax fraud. He denies the allegations but admitted that the handwriting in the ledger was his in an interview published in El Mundo on Sunday.
16 people have been killed trying to cross the Channel since June. The latest victim was hit by a freight train at the Coquelles terminal. Eurotunnel said services from Folkestone were being delayed by about two hours. The situation in Calais is part of a wider migrant crisis across Europe.
Scott Quigg wins his first fight since losing to Carl Frampton in February. British super-bantamweight champion retains IBF title with victory over Frank Buglioni. Liverpool's Callum Smith makes it six wins out of six with a 10th-round knockout of Luke Blackledge.
Hampshire County Council said opening hours would now take account of sunrise and sunset but extra costs would have to be met by additional charges. A decision on exact opening times between April and September will be made at a later stage, after consultation with the landowners and customers. The council had originally said opening times were set to minimise the risk of anti-social behaviour.
The Fermanagh MLA Phil Flanagan tweeted after Tom Elliott appeared on a BBC radio programme in May 2014. The High Court was told the tweet read "I wonder if he will reveal how many people he harassed and shot as a member of the UDR" Mr Elliott was alerted to the tweet by victims campaigner Ann Travers and by DUP assembly member Arlene Foster.
Pakistan denies any knowledge of the raid before it took place. Ministry of foreign affairs says no base within Pakistan was used by US forces. Official says compound in Abbottabad was raided when under construction in 2003. Bin Laden's young daughter had said she saw her father shot, official says.
Austin Haughwout claims he was kicked out of Central Connecticut state university over the footage. The institution says he was expelled over threats to shoot people there. But a lawyer for Mr Haugh wout said that what some may have interpreted as threats were actually jokes, which are protected by the right to free speech.
The roundabout saw more than 80 collisions and 90 people injured in 2012-14. TfL said congestion was due to "traffic getting used to the new layout" The reintroduction of two-way traffic at the junction for the first time in 50 years was a "key milestone"
Stirling (112) and Morgan (103 not out) added 214 for the third wicket. Kent's under par 238-7 owed much to Sean Dickson (99) and Darren Stevens (61) Middlesex's third win in five games came with 31 balls to spare.
Japan's benchmark Nikkei index spent most of the day in negative territory to close down 0.19% at 18,264.22. After surging almost 8% on Wednesday, the Tokyo index closed down 2.5% on Thursday. Concern over whether the US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week has set in.
The vote held on Friday was for 68 seats out of the 290 in parliament. For the first time in 13 years moderates and reformists now have a majority. The triumph of the reformists should lead to a major realignment within parliament. But it will by no means end the president's problems when it comes to delivering his election promises.
Portugal international centre-back Alves became Caixinha's first signing as Rangers boss last week. McCarthy, who was at Porto when Alves was breaking through, insists he will prove a shrewd capture. He reckons Rangers will have to bring in a few more players of a similar calibre before they will be in a position to seriously challenge Celtic.
Bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn rhwng 4-12 Awst. Ynghyd â chennin pedr, sy'n cynrychioli Merched y Wawr. Yr Arwr oedd teitl yr awdl ganrif yn ôl hefyd.
The accident happened at the event in Blaxhall, north-east of Ipswich. The air ambulance service attended and the man was pronounced dead at the scene. Police said there were "not believed to be any suspicious circumstances" surrounding the incident and a file would be prepared for the coroner.
The pharmacies say that online drug retailers are putting customers at risk. The government says it is in the process of drawing up guidelines to regulate online drug sales. A number of companies are selling drugs online to tap a market which is estimated to be worth $10bn (Â£65m)
Ms Palin is the only Republican in recent history to demonstrate the kind of star power that has elevated Mr Trump to the top in the race for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. Mr Trump regularly draws crowds numbering in the thousands - just as Ms Palin did after Senator John McCain chose her to be his vice-presidential running mate in 2008.
Anthony Tavernor has been restoring Plas Cadnant Hidden Gardens for 20 years. But after days of heavy rain, a "tidal wave" of flood water swept through the garden. It also demolished a wall dating back some 200 years, as well stone obelisks, platforms and seats.
Nick Griffin was the leader of the BNP for 15 years. In 2009 he was elected to the European Parliament on an anti-immigration platform. He lost his seat, was declared bankrupt and has now been expelled from the party. He says he will not'resort to the BBC gutter' to air his grievances.
The Healthy Me initiative was launched at Carrick Primary School in Lurgan, County Armagh, on Friday morning. It consists of "interactive workshops" in which pupils are made aware of the importance of emotional wellbeing. Five schools took part in a pilot and the charity is now hoping the programme will be rolled out in schools across Northern Ireland.
Doris, Blessing and Wheely Good Sheep were painted by schoolchildren. They were placed on St Giles Way in Wrexham to mark the Tour of Britain. Two suspects have been arrested following a chase on foot, police say. Doris has been recovered, police inspector Paul Wycherley tweets.
Joe Allen named in Uefa's official Euro 2016 team of the tournament. The 26-year-old has a year left on his current contract with Liverpool. Liverpool rejected an enquiry from Swansea City about re-signing their former player on loan in January. It is understood the Swans are still interested in Allen.
Ian Coulter was interviewed on Wednesday and released without charge. He left Tughans after a dispute over a success fee linked to the deal. Nama, a state-owned so-called 'bad bank', was set up in the Republic of Ireland to take control of property loans made by the country's banks.
The 18-year-old can play at right-back, centre-half and in central midfield. Suliman signed a professional deal with Villa in January 2015 until 2017. He has represented England since under-16 level and made 16 international appearances for the under-17 side.
MPs take part in a random draw to decide who gets to propose a bill in the Commons. Private Members' Bills can be introduced in three different ways. Opposition MPs can stop these sorts of bills progressing by "filibustering" or "talking them out"
The deal was agreed in exchange for Iran agreeing to stop enriching uranium. The deal is set to expire at the end of the year. Iran says it will continue to enrich uranium until it reaches a level that is safe for commercial use. The U.S. says it has no intention of stopping the production of uranium.
Netherlands beat GB 71-60 in their final warm-up match. Andrew Lawrence and Ben Gordon scored 14 and 13 points respectively. GB begin their Eurobasket qualifying campaign with a game in Hungary in midweek. Coach Joe Prunty was pleased with Gordon's performance.
The new £10 note is 15% smaller than the paper ones currently in circulation. It follows the bank's polymer £5 note, which came into circulation in 2016. The bank also announced that the face of its polymer £20 note will feature Glasgow philanthropist and entrepreneur Catherine Cranston.
US President Barack Obama is in Dallas to meet with police officers. He says the country is not as divided as it seems. The president is in the midst of a week-long tour of the country. He is also visiting the US-Mexico border. He will also meet with the heads of state of the US and Mexico.
A 10ft (3m) scrub python was battling to retain its grip on the wing as a plane made its way between the Australian town of Cairns and Port Moresby in Papua New Guinea. The wind speed was 250mph (400km/h) and the temperature -12C. The snake's body was hammered against the engine leaving blood stains on the white paint.
Axel Springer is paying $343m (£226m) for an 88% stake in Business Insider. The company said Business Insider was "vital" in its strategy to broaden its global reach. It lost out in its attempt to buy the Financial Times to Japanese media firm Nikkei.
Seventy-nine families have already taken advantage of the initiative to encourage them to take up swimming. The idea has received??230,000 funding from Sport England's Community Activation Fund. Warrington Borough Council backed community leisure operator LiveWire's application for the money.
Of these 216 planets, 10 of them could potentially be home to some sort of life, because they are 'Earth-like' This means they have 'rocky' characteristics, and they are located in the 'Goldilocks Zone' of their solar system. The first potentially habitable planet the telescope found was Kepler-22b, way back in 2011.
Two individuals attempted to ship the puppies from Dublin Port to Holyhead Port in North Wales. The dogs were held in "hugely inappropriate" conditions, cramped into small containers with "little or no space, no food or water" The raid was part of Operation Delphin, a collaboration between animal welfare organisations and other agencies.
More than half of Britons want to see a cut in net migration. The government has pledged to halve net migration to below 100,000 by 2015. But critics say the target is too low and will not be met by the end of the decade. Labour says the government is not doing enough to stop illegal immigration.
Dunelm House was built in the 1960s and has not been given listed status. The university said the concrete structure needed repairs costing Â£14.7m and wants to demolish it. A petition calling for it to be refurbished and maintained has attracted hundreds of signatures.
The Rollright Stones is made up of three Neolithic and Bronze Age megalithic monuments. The award recognises places that provide good views of the stars. Chairman of Chipping Norton Amateur Astronomy Group, Robin Smitten, said it is a fitting end to seven or eight months of work.
Thomas Bebbington, 22, from Shrewsbury, was last seen entering the river. A body was found by a member of the public on private land near Leighton. The body was discovered about 10 miles (16.09km) away from the city centre.
Neil Kernohan won the Dundrod 150 Lightweight race. Christian Elkin took the Ultra-Lightweight honours. The Dundrod150 Superbike race was cancelled due to deteriorating visibility. The 600cc qualifying session was halted prematurely after an incident at Flow Bog. Roads closed from 09:30 BST to 20:30 for Ulster Grand Prix race meeting.
Severe storms in December 2013 caused damage to an existing dune system to the east of Barkby Beach in Prestatyn. A report, to be considered by Denbighshire councillors, says there is evidence they have begun to re-establish themselves naturally. But the council is considering creating a secondary dunes system to strengthen the defences.
ScotRail said it aimed to run two-thirds of its services and buses would replace trains on some routes. Operator has published an amended timetable listing cancelled services and those with reduced frequency. Aslef accused the Abellio-owned operator of trying to push new terms and conditions through.
Hungary is under pressure from the European Union to withdraw three laws. The laws could lead to the closure of the Central European University. Poland has said it will veto any move to strip Hungary of its voting rights. The EU says the laws are not a threat to national sovereignty.
Sculptor Tim Schmalz was inspired by a glance sideways as he drove along a busy street in Toronto. The image stayed with him and he went home and created Jesus the Homeless. An anonymous Episcopalian benefactor is funding 12 casts of the statue to go to big cities across the world.
Topps declined to say how many people were affected or why the payment card numbers were at risk. In an email to customers Topps wrote that on 12 October "one or more intruders gained unauthorised access" to its systems. It is offering one year's worth of free identify theft protection to those affected.
Ajinkya Rahane becomes the fifth Indian to score centuries in both innings of a Test match as they declared on 267-5. A 300-plus target has been reached just once on Indian soil, when the home team struck 387-4 to defeat England in 2008. Captain Hashim Amla took 46 balls to score a run, as South Africa made 72 in as many overs.
166 motorists were stopped by police for using their phones in March - up from 137 in February. Handsoff campaign said driving and using a phone is a "lethal cocktail" Changes to the law mean new drivers caught using a mobile phone face losing their licence. More experienced drivers can be banned if they get 12 points in three years.
The 22-year-old animal received 16 puncture wounds to both hind legs, the abdomen and neck at Greenmeadow Community Farm, Cwmbran. She received treatment from a vet, and is back at the farm where she is continuing to recover. Gwent Police have renewed an appeal for anyone with information about the attack on Cheeky.
Two cemeteries still have space, in Wolvercote and Botley, but they are expected to be full by 2018 and 2021. Council said it had not given up and was "still exploring options" The last increase in burial space in Oxford was in 1932.
Grammy winner was at private party in San Jose's Fiesta nightclub, near San Francisco. Police have confirmed the Grammy winner was unhurt. Mobile phone footage said to be of the gig has been posted online. Shots can be heard in the middle of one of Brown's songs.
The deal is said to be worth up to $600m. It was agreed by the Obama and Buhari administrations. The deal was put on hold after an incident involving the Nigerian military. The A-29s can carry up to 1,550 kg of weapons.
Conservative MP Fiona Bruce said the law was being "interpreted in different ways" But her proposal was defeated by 292 to 201. An alternative amendment, providing for a review of the extent of gender selection abortion in England, Wales and Northern Ireland, was backed by 491 to 2. The government said it had been consistently clear that sex selective abortion was already illegal.
Tandridge District Council leader Martin Fisher gave planners a shortlist of five areas for such a scheme. He said one new Surrey village is better than "scatter-gunning" homes and cramping the current infrastructure. But Andrea Watson from Lingfield Parish Council said it will not solve infrastructure problems and there has been "poor local consultation"
FAO State of Food & Agriculture 2016 report says agriculture needs to change. Report says agriculture accounts for one fifth of global emissions of carbon dioxide. Report highlights four steps that could be taken to deliver a robust global food system. Report: "Hunger, poverty and climate change need to be tackled together"
Michael Salmon, 30, used his position as freelance producer of a show, "Cosy", at Cardiff's Millennium Centre to obtain grants. Some grants came from the Arts Council of Wales and Arts Unlimited, set up to fund projects with disabled performers. Salmon, from Grangetown, Cardiff, admitted five counts of fraud.
Former England skipper Terry, 36, will leave the Premier League champions at the end of the season. Terry captained Chelsea to an FA Cup and Premier League Double in Clement's first season as assistant to then manager Carlo Ancelotti. Sunday's home Premier League game against Sunderland could be his final appearance for the club.
The Northern Ireland Affairs Committee is examining issues like the economy and the border with the Republic of Ireland. DUP MP Gavin Robinson said those arguing to stay in the EU were raising concerns over border operations and border posts if a UK exit happened. The committee also heard evidence from Ulster Unionist MLAs Michael McGimpsey and Mike Nesbitt.
The interior ministry confirmed his replacement as Abdul Rahman Rahimi, former police chief in Balkh province. He had faced increasing pressure, with insurgents carrying out nine deadly attacks in Kabul in the past two weeks. Two American soldiers and two British embassy workers were killed in separate attacks, with dozens of Afghans also killed.
More than 95,000 of those who turn 65 this year can expect to celebrate their 100th birthday in 2047. Number of centenarians has been steadily increasing - from 600 in 1961 to nearly 13,000 in 2010. Of those born in 2012, 135,000 men and 156,000 women are expected to still be alive by age 100.
Scientists found that even the lowest expected levels of warming could decimate populations. But restoring connections between butterfly habitats could help modify the worst impacts. British researchers looked at the impact of an extreme drought event in 1995 on butterfly species. This was the most arid summer since records began in 1776.
Officers say the road will be closed for some time as they deal with the accident. The accident happened at 17:15 on Thursday near the A830 and A2 road junction. The road is expected to be closed until at least 21:00 on Thursday. There are no plans to re-open the road for now.
Firstsource Solutions said new staff will be based at its Cardiff Bay site. The company already employs about 800 people at the Cardiff Bay location. The 300 new jobs include sales and customer service roles working in both inbound and outbound departments.The company's sales vice president Kathryn Chivers said: "Firstsource is delighted to be able to continue to bring new employment to Cardiff"
Zimbabwean MP Joseph Chinotimba and his wife Vimbai kissed their way into the Book of African Records. The couple, who have been married for eight years, won "The Longest Kiss in Africa Challenge" Nigerian MP Dino Melaye allegedly threatened to beat up and "impregnate" female colleague Oluremi Tinubu.
The teenager, who cannot be named for legal reasons, spoke only to confirm his name, date of birth and address. He was bailed to appear at Chelmsford Crown Court on 9 January. Mr Jozwik, who was from Poland, was attacked late on 27 August in The Stow shopping precinct.
Colin Raymond Cooke, 62, has had his term increased to 11-and-a-half years. He had been convicted of conspiracy to rob and assisting an offender. Son Paul Cooke was jailed for seven years at Wolverhampton Crown Court. He was one of several men who plundered Mr Smith's house in May 2015.
Office for National Statistics looked at income, employment, health, education, skills and training and crime. North-west of England had five of the ten most deprived towns and cities. West Midlands had three of the top five. Guildford, Woking and St Albans were all found to have the highest proportion of the least deprived areas.
Olivier Awards will be held at London's Royal Opera House on 3 April. Last year's winners were A View From The Bridge and The Carole King Musical. The winner will be announced at noon on 29 February on BBC One. The show is celebrating its 40th anniversary this year.
Dinefwr Park in Llandeilo is the only example of Brown's work in Wales currently open to the public. He was commissioned to design the gardens in 1775, by then owners George Rice and his wife Cecil. The couple wished to emulate Brown's creations they had encountered at the homes of their friends in and around London.
Andrew Virco, 50, and Katharine Walker, 51, from Cambridge, died with two other Britons when the aircraft crashed into a glacier on South Island. Ms Walker's daughter, Rebecca, 22, said the couple were on a "big adventure" that had been planned for some time. The cause of the crash is being investigated.
The number of corporate insolvencies fell year-on-year by 21%, to stand at 188. The figure was 10% lower than the previous quarter. Liquidations, which tend to affect smaller businesses, were down by 24% on a year ago. KPMG said the figures suggested the small and medium-sized enterprise sector was in a healthier economic position.
Monaghan face Longford at Clones with Fermanagh against Mayo at Castlebar. Cavan recall Seanie Johnston, Padraig Faulkner, Ciaran Brady and Liam Buchanan for their game against Carlow at Breffni Park. Derry face Meath at Owenbeg.
Gurpal Shehri, 28, met the man at the Fitness Station gym in Peterborough. He was found guilty of misconduct in a public office at an earlier hearing. Judge John Plumstead said he had been a "spy in the camp" The married father of three told the court: "I genuinely didn't think I was doing anything wrong"
Alan Knight, 51, admitted murdering David Bond, 50, in Worthing. He was sentenced at Hove Crown Court to serve at least 19 years. Police said the killing in August followed a row over the cleanliness of the house. Knight texted his friend to say his landlord had asked him to move out.
Graeme Wood argues the rise of Islamic State is a kind of Reformation within Islam. Tariq Ramadan says this argument is "misplaced" and we should not try to "understand Islam through a Christian lens" For more Viewsnight, head over to BBC Newsnight on Facebook and YouTube.
Lachie Stewart, 30, from Easter Ross, was thought to have been travelling to Delhi when he lost touch with his family earlier this month. A Facebook page set up as part of efforts to find him, said he had been found on Saturday. He had been working on a contract in Bhogpur in India before his disappearance.
South Central Ambulance Service (SCAS) runs the phone line. It has said calls have increased by 16% in the last year. Staff shortages contributed to problems in answering calls, it has claimed. OCCG has ranked the line as a "red risk" for risks to patient safety.
Green scored 13 goals as the Stags just missed out on the League Two play-offs. The 30-year-old only managed four league goals after Steve Evans took over as manager in November. Green scored 86 goals during two spells over four seasons with Mansfield.
Taekwondo is the latest sport to be involved in a welfare controversy. Concerns from English Institute of Sport medical staff over coaches' practices led to a review in 2015. The EIS has queried the review panel's independence and findings. Both UK Sport and GB Taek wondo say the review was carried out appropriately.
Glamorgan's David Lloyd top scored with 102 not out against Sussex. Aneurin Donald (44) and Jacques Rudolph (38) also made centuries. Stu Whittingham (1-58) and Danny Briggs (2-62) were the pick of the Sussex attack. Sussex remain in the lower half of the Championship table.
Mr Ashley will continue to act for Airdrie Savings Bank in a consultancy role in early 2013. The bank's asset base has grown by 400% since Mr Ashley took over in 1996. Mr Ashley joins the bank just 12 months after it opened its first branch outside its Lanarkshire home.
Father-of-one David Davies, 58, borrowed and loaned £23,395 over seven years. He was caught out after an anonymous tip-off to the Wales Illegal Money Leading Unit. He told one of his victims he would "smash her partner's head in" if she didn't pay.
Dr Paul Wright says Jamaica's anti-doping regime is woefully short of international standards. Wada visited Jamaica last week to investigate claims that athletes were not being tested rigorously enough. Jamaican Olympic Association dismisses Dr Wright's concerns, saying he is "being dramatic"
Cesare Prandelli resigned as Azzurri coach after they were knocked out in the World Cup group stage. Conte, 45, quit as Juventus boss last month, having won the Serie A title in each of his three seasons in charge. The Italian Football Federation said in addition to his salary, Conte would receive a bonus for qualifying for Euro 2016.
Nathaniel Knight-Percival opened the scoring with a brilliant overhead kick. Shaun Whalley took advantage of poor defending to score. Andy Mangan blasted in a loose ball for a third goal after 29 minutes. Tom Aldred drove in from 15 yards before Danny Philliskirk fired in.
The European Investment Bank (EIB) is a little-known bank that commands vast resources. It lends at cheap rates and guarantees those rates for years into the future. The bank is handy for governments and councils because it helps pay for major projects. It lent more than £5bn in the UK in 2015, including £230m for Welsh Water.
The embalmed body is currently on display in his home city of Batac. The decision to move Marcos is controversial because of his record of huge corruption and rights abuses. Critics of the transfer argue that it is inappropriate to provide an honourable burial to a president blamed for thousands of killings, tortures and military abductions.
The victims are thought to be mainly from Romania and the UK. The victims were found at three addresses in Wolverhampton and West Bromwich. Police say they are looking for anyone who may have been involved in the offences. They are also looking for people who have been staying at the addresses and not leaving.
With Europe's borders closed, more than 50,000 migrants remain in Greece waiting for a decision about their futures. Angus Crawford visited three sites to find out how they are living. Most of those who arrived before March 20, the start of the EU-Turkey agreement, are free to come and go.
Mary Hampton's Raleigh Shopper was taken while she did her weekly shop. The 89-year-old admitted she was "very silly" not to have locked it. After news of the theft hit social media, dozens offered to buy her a new one. Her local cycling club has loaned her one "for as long as I need it"
Police helicopter crashed onto the busy Clutha bar on 29 November 2013. An earlier interim report said the engines had shut down even though there was fuel in the reserve tank. Some relatives said the briefing had left many questions unanswered, and underlined the need for black box flight recorders to be fitted in all passenger-carrying aircraft.
Roma's match against AC Milan was suspended for two minutes on Sunday. The Serie A club were fined 50,000 euros by the Italian Football League. The incident is the latest in a series of incidents involving racist abuse. The Italian FA has promised to take action against the club.
The event takes place at the Metrodome Arena in Barnsley on 14 November. Leah Washington, 18, had a leg amputated and Joe Pugh, 19, suffered shattered knees. Vicky Balch, 20, and Daniel Thorpe, 27, suffered serious leg injuries. Midlands Air Ambulance, Royal Stoke University Hospital and Staffordshire Fire and Rescue will benefit from the charity event.
British Film Institute's Sight and Sound magazine polls a selected panel once a decade. Citizen Kane has been its top pick for the last 50 years. 846 distributors, critics and academics championed Vertigo, about a retired cop with a fear of heights. Its triumph coincides with the launch of the BFI's Genius of Hitchcock season.
Convicted murderer Sweat, 35, was shot twice and captured less than two miles (3km) from the Canadian border. His prison-break partner Richard Matt, 49, was killed by police on Friday. The two murderers escaped three weeks ago from the maximum security Clinton Correctional Facility.
The officer was attacked after stopping a Peugeot van in Cleveleys. He suffered injuries to his torso and face. William Ashton, 39, is due to appear before Blackpool Magistrates' Court. He has also been charged with two counts of possession of an offensive weapon and affray.
Coca-Cola profits down 4% to $1.89bn in the first quarter of 2015. Sales in Europe, the Middle East and Africa were down 1% and 4% respectively. The company is rolling out a new "One Brand" campaign to boost sales.
Eight years ago families living in the coastal Cham fishing villages of Kampot province managed a small coup. They won back fishing rights for the community from the Cambodian government. Since the establishment of the Trapang Sangke community, catches have increased and the fisherman can now earn $6 for half a day's work.
The 18-year-old midfielder has signed a three-and-a-half-year deal with West Ham. BBC Sport understands the deal does not include a buy-back option. The highly-rated youngster's Old Trafford contract would have run out this summer. Sir Alex Ferguson recently branded Morrison's contract demands as "unrealistic"
Candidates all but certain about nature of violence in San Bernardino. Chris Christie: "For the first time since 9/11, we're going to have to confront the loss of American life on American soil" Donald Trump: "There is something going on with him that we don't know about" Carly Fiorina: "Hillary Clinton was tweeting about gun control while we learned that radical Islamic terrorists were building pipe bombs"
The dean of Christ Church said the student has been banned from future events and must apologise in writing. The student said the costume was intended as satire. A 19th Century violin has been taken out of a collection of historic instruments held by Oxford University and sent to a young Syrian musician living in Lebanon.
Raymond Russell, 34, was charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug to another person and also drug possession. Eight houses in Galashiels, Hawick, Kelso and Selkirk were searched during the investigation of people suspected of being involved in the sale of drugs. Police Scotland say they are also looking for another man in connection with a cannabis cultivation.
Wales have qualified as Group B winners thanks to their 3-0 win over Russia. They will play either Northern Ireland, Turkey or Albania in Paris on Saturday. James Chester says Wales will test anyone at Euro 2016 if they reproduce the form that saw them clinch top spot in Group B.
Council umbrella body Cosla says the problem is in what it calls particular "pockets" of the country - rather than a national problem as such. The Scottish government has increased student teacher numbers in each of the last four years. It also argues it has addressed teacher unemployment and stabilised teacher numbers.
Staff had written to Clooney, who lives nearby, telling him a visit would make Pat's dreams comes true. The care home's concierge, Linda Jones, posted on Facebook that she was in "utter shock" when she saw the star arrive. Clooney moved to Sonning, where he lives with his human rights lawyer wife Amal, in 2014.
The 33ft (10m) deep hole appeared in Fontmell Close, St Albans, on 1 October last year. Families in more than 50 homes were left without power, water or sanitation before temporary solutions were provided for the majority. Residents still have to use a temporary road built across a nearby heath.
Walsh becomes Leicester's second key departure of the summer after N'Golo Kante joined Chelsea for £30m. The 51-year-old had only signed a new contract with the Premier League champions in May. Walsh will work with new Toffees manager Ronald Koeman, who replaced Roberto Martinez last month.
Midfielder Jeff Hendrick has been ruled out because of a shoulder problem. Harry Arter will miss the Dublin games because of an Achilles injury. Jon Walters sat out training sessions in Dublin over recent days. Robbie Keane will be available for any of the two games.
Saracens begin their Premiership campaign against Northampton on Saturday. Sarries have won the title three times in the last five years. The Aviva Premiership is the second tier of rugby after the European Champions Cup. The Premiership also has the European Rugby Champions Cup, which runs until the end of the season.
Sam Cooke, 22, from Manchester, found two cards on his doormat. One said the parcel had been put through an open window. The second read: "I'm really sorry I think your parcel might have fallen down the toilet...Accidently (sic)".
Sutton United beat Cheltenham Town 2-1 in the National League second round. Matt Tubbs and Roarie Deacon scored for the Robins. Deacon fired in to win the game in added time for Sutton. The Robins will receive £27,000 for getting through the second round, and could earn a lucrative tie with Premier League or Championship opposition.
Gareth Iwan Jones travelled the UK photographing campers on holiday. He stayed at more than 30 sites across the UK, covering more than 2,000 miles. The portraits were all shot with the same camera and lens combination, a Pentax 645 and 55mm lens and the same artificial lighting.
Sgt Brian Wood, who served in Iraq in 2004, told the BBC the allegations had been damaging to him and his team. Former Army Captain Rachel Webster, who was arrested and questioned after a dawn raid in January 2014, said the closure of IHAT was "too little too late"
British police accuse him of stealing $250m (£160m) over eight years. Ibori, once seen as one of Nigeria's wealthiest and most influential politicians, was arrested in 2010 in Dubai and then extradited to London. Prosecutor called him a "thief in government house"
The post is being advertised at the 125-year-old Peebles Hydro. The successful applicant will take the lead on "all the fun things" to do at the hotel. General Manager Patrick Diack said he could not think of a better time of year to recruit for the post.
Scotland face South Africa at St James' Park on Saturday. Fly-half Stuart Hogg is the only player in the squad to have played in the first two games. The Springboks have won all three of their games so far at the World Cup in New Zealand.
Swansea mother organises breastfeeding protest in Rugeley. Emily Slough stopped to feed her eight-month-old daughter on a shopping trip. Campaign has attracted thousands of "likes" on Facebook. Similar events taking place in Newcastle, Milton Keynes, Stirling and York.
Fleetwood booked their place in the second round on boss Uwe Rosler's 48th birthday. Cian Bolger, Ashley Hunter and Amari'i Bell all netted in the first half of extra time. Devonante Cole gave Fleetwood the lead before Ashley Grimes levelled.
Woman sought a judicial review over the alleged failure to issue new guidance on abortion to medical professionals in Northern Ireland. She claimed the delay compounded the trauma of losing her babies. On Friday, her lawyers said her goal had been reached as guidelines have now been published. Northern Ireland's abortion law differs from the rest of the UK and access to termination is more restricted.
Every BBC local radio station in England and the Channel Islands is accepting nominations for a local artist (or venue) that changed the course of musical history. The winners will be honoured with a plaque on a building where they lived or a venue where they became famous. The candidates will be submitted to The British Plaque Trust - and the 40 recipients will be unveiled on Friday, 9 June.
The letter said the coalition's approach has been characterised by broken promises, cuts and destructive legislation. It warned the squeeze was "hitting patients" with pressures growing on A&E units and hospital waiting lists. The letter was organised by Dr Clare Gerada, a Labour member and former chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners.
Officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend. Last month, eight people were killed in clashes between the demonstrators and police. The protesters oppose reforms that allow teachers who fail evaluation exams to be removed from the job. The government says the blockades have hurt millions of people.
The quake struck at 08:23 GMT, 420km (260 miles) north-west of Port Vila. The Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre said the threat of tsunami waves had now mostly passed. The quake was fairly shallow - at a depth of about 35km (21 miles)
Speaker of the House of Representatives Bronwyn Bishop is at the centre of an expenses scandal. She spent A$5,000 ($3,647; Â£2,339) of public funds on a helicopter flight to a Liberal Party function that could have been reached by road. She has also claimed expenses for travel to several weddings of her Liberal Party colleagues.
The 14-year-old was found dead on the banks of the River Leven in Dunbartonshire on 25 August 1996. Her mother, Margaret McKeich, recently led appeals as the inquiry reached 20 years without the killer being found. Crimestoppers said the reward would be paid for information which leads to an arrest and conviction.
Sunderland's Giaccherini slotted home in the first half after collecting Leonardo Bonucci's superb long pass. Southampton's Pelle sealed the win in injury time with an emphatic volley following an incisive break. Both sides face games against the Republic of Ireland and Sweden, who drew 1-1 in the Group E opener earlier on Monday.
McIlroy carded a third straight five under-par 67 to move to 15 under par with Thailand's Kiradech Aphibarnrat. The world number three's round included an eagle on the 12th as he bids to win his first title since May. France's Dubuisson tied with overnight leader Van Zyl of South Africa on 16 under par.
Swift won the British title in 2008 and silver at the World Junior Championships. The 31-year-old's last race was the World Championships in February. "I have loved every minute of the last 10 years representing Great Britain," he says. "There are far too many memories to mention, all of which put a huge smile on my face"
Nine crews remained at the scene into the evening, damping down hot spots. The cause of the fire is not yet known, Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service said. It began just before 14:00 GMT on the outskirts of Elmswell, near Bury St Edmunds.
A failure to provide written records created confusion between the two similar sounding surnames, the Heart of England NHS Trust said. The trust and Central England Co-operative apologised for the blunder. Former MEP Mr Bradbourn died at Good Hope Hospital, Sutton Coldfield on 20 December.
Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority originally estimated annual running costs of about £1.3m. The authority intends to employ 15 staff, including newly-created housing, skills and transport director roles all on annual salaries above £100,000. One member of the scrutiny committee asked if recruitment plans were "written on the back of a bus ticket"
The top seeds defeated Australia's Dylan Alcott and South Africa's Lucas Sithole 6-0 3-6 6-2. Whiley and Japanese partner Yui Kamiji will face Dutch second seeds Jiske Griffioen and Aniek van Koot in Friday's final. Reid will contest his second Australian Open men's doubles final.
Rail services were suspended as teams worked to clear lines of snow. Schools were forced to close their doors. Forecasters have warned of more snow on Thursday and over the weekend.Footage taken from the air shows the damage the latest snowstorm has caused in the UK.
Car hit by Bedford to Bletchley London Midland Service. Eleven passengers and two members of staff were on board but no-one was injured. Police said the death of the man, believed to be middle-aged, was not being treated as suspicious "at present"
Gatwick claims Sir Howard Davies's decision not to back a second runway at the airport in West Sussex was flawed. Sir Howard has written to the government insisting issues raised by Gatwick were carefully considered before the report was written. The government is due to decide which airport should expand by Christmas.
Wembley Stadium is the only stadium in the UK to have a roof. The stadium is also the home of the Welsh national rugby team. Talks are also underway with the NFL to use the stadium for American football matches. Wladimir Klitschko's win over George Groves was hailed as a major upset.
Killie beat Falkirk 4-0 in the Premiership play-off final second leg. Kilmarnock boss Steve Clark says changes are needed by next season. The win was only Killie's third in 14 games since Clark took charge in February. Falkirk manager Peter Houston admits his side failed to cope with the early intensity of the hosts.
Weston played 19 league and cup games for the Chairboys last season. The 29-year-old has made 327 career Football League appearances. He has also played for Charlton, Brentford, Gillingham and Notts County. He is Ebbsfleet's fourth signing since winning promotion from the National League South.
BHS.com will employ just 84 people, a fraction of the 11,000 who lost their jobs. The last of BHS's 163 department stores was closed last month. The new website, owned by the Qatari Al Mana Group, will go live in the UK on Thursday.
Microfinance offers small loans to people who do not normally qualify for traditional banking credit. Some argue that people can quickly sink into a cycle of debt, with many lenders charging exorbitant rates of interest. Villagers complain of harassment from the debt collectors and there have been allegations of physical assaults.
Josh Earnest said the closure of the Cuban detention camp was a national security interest. It was one of the first directives President Barack Obama ordered two months after he was elected in 2008. In 2009, President Obama admitted the January 2010 deadline he had set for closing the counter-terrorism facility would be missed.
The four-month stand off between workers and management resulted in 12 full days of strike action, affecting hundreds of thousands of passengers. It was resolved on Friday after 66% of Luas drivers voted to accept a pay rise deal recommended by the Labour Court. Irish Transport Minister Shane Ross welcomed the results of the ballot.
Nadim Zahawi was awarded Â£200,000 in damages and legal costs. High Court judges said he was a victim of "fake news" by Press TV. The network is affiliated to the Islamic Republic of Iran Broadcasting (IRIB) It is alleged Zahawi bought crude oil from the IRIB and sold it to other countries.
The petition calls on the EU and its member states to stop the talks on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership or TTIP. It says some aspects pose a threat to democracy and the rule of law. One of the concerns mentioned is the idea of tribunals that foreign investors would be able to use in some circumstances to sue governments.
Bolton Wanderers are £172.9m in debt and have been trying to find a buyer for a number of months. Holdsworth, 47, beat takeover offers from banker Roger Tamraz and Bolton Wanderers Supporters' Trust. The Championship strugglers are scheduled in the High Court on Monday over a £3m unpaid tax bill.
Ireland had 78% of possession and 80% of territory before the break. Craig Gilroy did cross for the visitors shortly after the restart. But four Greig Laidlaw penalties secured the win for the hosts. It was their first back-to-back victory in the Six Nations since 2001.
Crispr-Cas9 replaces harmful DNA with new code that kills cancerous cells while leaving healthy ones unharmed. Mice with the reprogrammed code developed tumours that were much smaller than cancers in mice that did not get this treatment. Experts call the study promising but say it is unclear yet whether the technique would work in humans.
Lydney Harbour was built in the early 1800s to transport iron and later coal. The Environment Agency (EA), which manages it, has chosen the Severn and Wye fish smokery as its preferred bidder to become its new custodian. The final export of coal was in 1960 and it finally closed in 1977.
This year's award was won jointly by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, the president of Liberia. Leymah Gbowee, the Liberian peace activist, and Yemeni pro-democracy campaigner Tawakkol Karman also won. They were recognised for their "non-violent struggle" for women's safety.
The hosts broke the deadlock 13 minutes into the second period courtesy of a Colin Shields strike. Steve Saviano doubled the lead midway through the third period before Shields sealed victory with 46 seconds left. Belfast, who have played one game less than Cardiff, take on the Capitals again on Friday at the same venue.
Olympic champion Ed McKeever only managed eighth in the K1 200m B final. Belcher finished almost four seconds behind Maryna Litvinchuk of Belarus. GB's women's K2 500m was provisionally qualified as other athletes in their final also qualified places in larger boats.
Sixteen people were hurt, four seriously, when the Smiler crashed. Theme park bosses were informed of the accident on Tuesday at 13:57 BST. Ambulance crews said the 999 call was not made until 14:08. Alton Towers said one of its first responders was soon on the scene.
The man, 39, is now in hospital for medical assessment, police said. The area has since been declared safe. The incident was not terror related, police say. Last December, three people died after a hostage situation in nearby Martin Place. The man was being detained under the mental health act and undergoing questioning.
Police used tear gas on Tuesday to end three days of unrest sparked by the death of an Iranian asylum seeker. Inmates started fires and barricaded themselves inside a compound with weapons. Seven detainees who allegedly participated in the unrest were being transferred from Christmas Island to Australia's mainland.
Inspectors in abattoirs used to be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for signs of disease. But under new European regulations, they will have to rely on visual checks alone. Food Standards Agency says the new system avoids the risk of harmful bacteria being spread.
Dasilva captained England Under-19s to their first win at the European Championship this summer. The 19-year-old is yet to play for Chelsea but impressed in 10 appearances for the Addicks at the end of last season. Charlton boss Karl Robinson: "He brings pace, talent, desire and a willingness to improve"
Sam Sebastian, 18, suffered a cardiac arrest at West Gate School in Leicester. He slipped out of his rubber ring and was underwater for a minute and a half. Eileen Coull, 63, and Marilyn Smith, 61, will be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court. A charge of wilful neglect was dropped.
Two families were living in the four-storey building that collapsed. Two children are among those missing. Neighbours did not report hearing any explosion - just the crash of masonry at dawn. Some masonry fell on the nearby Naples-Salerno railway line, so traffic on it has been suspended.
Sweeney spent 13 years at Hartlepool, making 444 appearances. The 32-year-old was released by the Cumbrians at the end of last season. Sweeney was manager Neil Aspin's sixth addition this summer, which has now risen to 13 following the addition of left-back George Smith.
Major Peake made history last month when he became the first Briton to walk in space. The event, held at the World Museum in Liverpool, was streamed to thousands of schools where pupils conducted simple experiments. The live link-up with the International Space Station lasted about 20 minutes.
Tomasz Raszkiewicz was on the run from Polish authorities at the time of the attack. He admitted wounding or inflicting GBH with intent and was jailed for three years and two months. Judge Heather Lloyd told him: "You then lied and said this was a terrible accident"
The Global Teacher of the Year award is given to the best teacher in the world. The winner is chosen by a panel of experts from across the globe. This year's winners are from the UK, Australia, New Zealand, Canada and the U.S. The prize is the first of its kind to be given to a teacher.
Sir Richard Leese is a senior figure in the drive to unite the north of England as an economic force. North Wales could benefit from better transport links and growth potential, he said. But Sir Richard said the region "needed more freedom" to work with the rest of England.
The 28-year-old left Rovers after their National League promotion final defeat by Grimsby earlier this month. He made 33 league appearances this season, scoring six goals from defence, and has previously played for the likes of Cambridge and Mansfield. "I spoke to Gary last week and was delighted to join a great club, moving in the right direction," he said.
The pop star was given the night's top honour for her multi-million selling record 25, but told the audience, "I can't possibly accept this award" She then appeared to break the award in two accidentally and offer a piece to her fellow nominee. Adele's victory over Beyonce is certain to boost complaints that the Grammys habitually overlook black artists.
Liverpool beat West Brom 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Anfield. Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson scored the goals for the Reds. Daniel Sturridge, Joe Allen and Emre Can are expected to return from injury. Liverpool's next match is against bottom-of-the-table QPR on 19 October.
There will be up to four divisional courts in the UK - but there were originally no plans to have one in Scotland. The Law Society of Scotland and the Faculty of Advocates had urged UK ministers to step in and change the law. Scotland's Court of Session will be appointed as a venue for these claims, provided there is enough demand.
The dress, studded with 6,000 natural white pearls, was taken from the London Hotel. Nyong'o won best supporting actress in 2014 for 12 Years a Slave. The dress, designed by Francisco Costa for Calvin Klein, took 25 people 10 weeks to hand-sew. No arrests have been made.
The song was written to be the theme to the new Bond film. It has now been made available as a free download on Soundcloud. The song is called "On The Wall" and was written by David Walliams. It is the first time a Bond theme song has been released in the UK.
Samuel Ward scored either side of half-time to set up the victory. Henry Weir made sure of the result in the final quarter. The result follows Thursday's 1-1 draw against hosts Germany. Britain face Belgium in their final match on Sunday (10:30 BST)
One Met Police officer received an overtime payment of £45,000 last year. The overtime bill for officers and staff in England and Wales totalled almost £1bn over three years. The Home Office said the government had "already taken steps to reduce unnecessary overtime payments" The National Police Chiefs' Council said it was "only right" that officers should be compensated for overtime.
Discovery was made during work to extend the castle's main shop and ticket office. The defences are believed to have been built in the 1540s by Mary of Guise. They were used to protect the castle from heavy artillery during the siege of Edinburgh in the 17th Century.
Chapman's Ice Cream initially offered to purchase Beavercrest Community School in Markdale for about CA$1m ($741,000; Â£596,000) The aging building could require millions of dollars worth of repairs, and regulations make it tricky for a private company to buy a public building.
Firefighters spent several days at the site in Duncan Street following the blaze on 2 March. The firm was "broadly compliant" with fire safety law, the fire service said. The Environment Agency has suspended Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited from accepting waste. It has until 7 August to appeal the decision.
Google bought Tony Fadell's start-up Nest for $3.2bn (Â£2.1bn) in 2014. Nest is an internet-connected thermostat and smoke detector. Mr Fadeell has been working with Apple's Jony Ive on the Apple Watch.
Sepp Blatter has announced he will step down as Fifa president in February. Frenchman Platini has been named as his successor. FA chairman Greg Dyke says he believes Platini will reform Fifa. Prince Ali Bin al-Hussein and Liberian FA president Musa Bility say he is a bad choice.
Shrewsbury go four points clear of the relegation zone with a game in hand. Gillingham slip out of the top six after a 2-1 defeat at home to Ipswich. The result sees Barnsley leapfrog Shrews to sixth in the table.
Planning application made for development on green belt land at Park of Keir, near Dunblane. Facility would include six indoor and six outdoor tennis courts, a nine-hole golf course with a practice range, coaching suites and a cafe. Around 100 houses and a hotel would also be built on the site.
One was found hiding under a water tank in a garden at Kirton Holme, near Boston, Lincolnshire, over the Easter weekend. RSPCA said it had dealt with a number of call-outs in recent years to stray pet raccoon dogs that have escaped or been deliberately released to the wild.
Labour leader returns to the stage in shirt sleeves to face questions from his audience. One woman joked: "You kissed Barbara yesterday and I'm extremely jealous" Another asked how Labour had won a by-election in Bettws: "The Tories only got 12 votes!" Miliband looked concerned: "Don't give us all the Bridgend results because we might be here...."
The incident on 23 April involved a Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter and a US intelligence-gathering RC-135U. The US plane was flying a routine mission in international airspace over the Sea of Okhotsk. The incident came amid tension between the US and Russia over Russia's involvement in Ukraine.
Snapchat confirmed the figure following a report in the Financial Times. Last week, Facebook said it was now registering eight billion views a day of video material posted on its social media network. According to Snapchat, more than 60% of 13- to 34 year-old smartphone owners in the US use the service.
The company said it had a "temporary network issue" which affected calls and texts during Saturday afternoon and evening. It said calls had since been restored and that it is working to restore full service. But some users on Twitter complained of their texts being sent to random numbers instead of their contacts.
The school says the rule was introduced to respect students who are "sensitive to noise" It is the latest in a series of school regulations to have faced criticism in the Australian media. The school says it is a great way to reduce children's energy and reduce fidgeting.
Wales has four MEPs, but only one is recognised by the public. The other three are Labour, the Tories and the Lib Dems. The results were revealed in a survey of 3,272 people by Cardiff University. The survey also asked people if they would like to see more MEPs in the UK.
High-profile cases including Stan Collymore,Marcus Trescothick,Neil Lennon and Robert Enke. Panel includes cricketer Michael Yardy, whose depression became public knowledge after he left England's 2011 World Cup campaign. Yardy: "People who have suffered with mental health are actually very strong in that they have kept it inside so long"
Williams won gold in the -67kg division at the German Open in Hamburg. The 18-year-old is hoping to qualify for the senior World Championships. She trains with double Olympic champion Jade Jones in Manchester. Williams says Jones is a great inspiration to her and gives her confidence.
The 27-year-old had been due to face Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch, before the Ukrainian retired on Thursday. The WBA says Joshua and Ortiz have 30 days from 3 August to agree the fight. Joshua has also been told he must face IBF mandatory challenger Kubrat Pulev before 2 December.
Chris Giwa and his team had said they would occupy and take over the NFF offices to start work on Monday. It follows last week's court ruling that NFF president Amaju Pinnick lost his post to Giwa in elections in September 2014. Staff of the Fifa-recognised NFF, including the general secretary Mohammed Sanusi are currently working in the building.
The RSPBNI said it could now be considered the "UK's most pressing conservation issue" There has been an 87% decline in its population in Northern Ireland between the mid-1980s and 2013. The Antrim hills and County Fermanagh are two areas where it is most likely to be spotted.
Gareth Southgate has called up Burnley defender Michael Keane. The 23-year-old has played for England at under-19, under-20 and under-21 levels. Andros Townsend has replaced the injured Raheem Sterling in the squad. Townsend, 25, has played 11 times for his country and scored three goals.
Houellebecq, 52, won a court case in 2002 against Muslim groups who accused him of insulting Islam. He said he felt contempt for Islam, but he was cleared of inciting racial hatred. The Map and the Territory, first published in French in September, satirises the Paris art world.
The male in his early 30s was found with critical injuries in Silvertown. He was pronounced dead at the scene and inquiries are under way to locate his next-of-kin. Two other cyclists were killed in the capital within hours of each other. Anita Szucs, 30, died after an apparent hit-and-run in Enfield. Karla Roman, 32, was killed in a crash with a coach in Tower Hamlets.
Levy completed a nine-under first round of 62 earlier on Friday and moved to 17 under, before bad light halted him on the last hole of his second round. He was six clear of German Martin Kaymer, England's Ross Fisher and Swede Robert Karlsson. Kaymer's form will be a timely boost before the Ryder Cup.
It is hoped the sale will cover the Â£502m debts accrued by a firm which tried to redevelop the landmark site. Grade II listed building opened in 1933 and generated power until 1983. It was acquired by Real Estate Opportunities, the majority owner of the holding company, in 2006.
The incident occurred early on Wednesday in Helmand province. Soldiers returned fire killing the attackers, a coalition spokesperson said. Dozens of "green-on-blue" attacks in which Afghan security personnel have targeted their Western allies since 2007. No group has said it carried out the latest attack.
Glasgow Warriors face Edinburgh in the Pro12 semi-final on Saturday. Townsend will take charge of Scotland's national team in June. He will name his squad for the Tests against Italy, Australia and Fiji on Monday. The Warriors have failed to earn a Pro12 play-off spot for the first time in five seasons.
The 20-year-old spent last season on loan at Torquay in the National League. He has now established himself in the Vale first team under new boss Bruno Ribeiro. Smurthwaite says Smith will be offered a new deal by the League One club in the next few weeks.
The twin-engined CN235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of Codazzi. President Juan Manuel Santos described the victims as heroes. An investigation into the cause of the crash has been ordered, says the commander of Colombia's air force. Local residents said the plane had been struck by lightning.
The private Caixin/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) dropped to 47.8 in July from 49.4 in the previous month. A figure below 50 shows contraction in the sector and one above means growth. The official PMI, which focuses on larger companies, fell to 50.2 in June as growth stalled unexpectedly.
Wojciech Szczesny saves from Diego Laxalt and Bruno Peres. Mattia Perin injured himself making a reaction stop to deny Edin Dzeko. Lazio beat Crotone 1-0 with Ciro Immobile scoring in the last minute. Inter Milan beat Udinese 2-1 in Sunday's early kick-off. Atalanta beat Chievo 4-1 to lift their Europa League qualification hopes.
The Ushakov medal is awarded to sailors who have displayed courage in the course of defending Russia or its interests. More than 3,000 men died during the campaign that Winston Churchill was said to have called the "worst journey in the world" The Foreign Office initially did not allow Russia to honour the veterans as it broke the rules on foreign medals.
Three men, aged 22, 24 and 46, will appear in court on Tuesday. A fourth man, also 22, has been charged with the attempted murder of police officers. The men were arrested last week by police investigating dissident activity. Police said the device had been found in a residential area of Lurgan.
Encore recorded 20,000 combined sales, the Official Charts Company said. The Chainsmokers go top with Closer, the DJ duo's collaboration with Halsey. DJ Snake's Let Me Love You remains at two for the fourth straight week. Cold Water - from Major Lazer and featuring Justin Bieber and MÃ˜ - drops to third.
The skull of an adult male was found by the M54 slip road on Thursday. It sparked a West Mercia Police inquiry and led to the discovery of "further skeletal remains" The remains have now been recovered and post-mortem tests on Tuesday will help to identify him.
The UN estimates 15,000 people in Leogane have been affected by the floods. There was also flooding in Les Cayes, Jacmel and Gonaives. Many mountain towns have been cut off by flooded roads and landslides. Haiti's government and the United Nations appealed to donors for nearly $19m.
Theresa May cancels free school lunches for the first three years of primary school. The move has sparked taunts of "May, the meals snatcher" - reminiscent of Margaret Thatcher's infamous cancelling of free school milk. For some, the idea - brought in by the coalition government in 2014 - was always too expensive.
Revised growth estimates suggest the construction industry shrank in the first quarter of 2012, but by less than previously thought. Analysts say the revision may be enough to mean the overall economy narrowly avoided falling into recession for a second time. ONS is due to give official confirmation of this in June.
The Queen's unguarded comments are atypical for her, but also pose some unanswered questions about the visit. Police Commander Lucy D'Orsi was "seriously, seriously undermined by the Chinese", according to the Lord Chamberlain. The comments were picked up by the microphone of the camera filming the garden party event.
Wrexham appoint Dean Keates as their new permanent manager. The 38-year-old had been in temporary charge after Gary Mills was sacked. Keates made over 150 league appearances for Wrexham and captained the club to an FA Trophy win in 2013. His first game in charge will be the home National League game against Barrow.
Mark Dornan, 22, was arrested after a parcel was intercepted in Coventry. Officers found digital scales, almost Â£570 in cash and a card containing notations. They also found a message on a phone about an agreement to supply someone with a half-ounce of the drug for Â£125.
So I Can Breathe is a week of stories exploring ways the world is seeking to reduce air pollution. People have been sharing their tips on how to improve the air around them. For Phoebe, Joylen and Verity, the answer is to stop cutting down trees. The World Health Organization says air pollution is linked to four million premature deaths.
Indonesian jazz pianist Joey Alexander is the youngest performer ever to be nominated for the prestigious music award. He did not win a Grammy but while the young musician performed on stage, the cameras panned across to singer Bruno Mars, who was watching with glistening eyes. Joey's debut album titled, "My Favourite Things" was released on 12 May, 2015.
Mr McCollum had cerebral palsy and had lived at the care home for nine years. The death was not treated as murder until April of this year, following the results of an autopsy. Police are still investigating the death of the 56-year-old from Randalstown.
Arlene Foster added her voice to the campaign after meeting a group of people affected by the drug at Stormont on Monday. The Stormont delegation included Kim Fenton, a former mayor of Castlereagh, who was born with shorter arms and legs because of Thalidomide. She believes survivors of the drug scandal are close to a breakthrough in securing compensation from Germany.
Rosetta has now imaged 70% of the comet's surface. The unseen fraction, which lies in the southern hemisphere, will be mapped as it emerges from the darkness of winter. Scientists have defined 19 regions on 67P, giving each the name of an Ancient Egyptian deity.
At least a dozen Republicans have said they will not be voting for him, since the comments emerged on Friday. Mr Trump says he will never drop out of the race to be president and will never let his supporters down. The second TV debate between Mr Trump and Mrs Clinton will take place on Sunday evening in St Louis.
Brenda Wardle appeared at Port Elizabeth Commercial Crimes Court on Monday. She is accused of pretending to be a practising lawyer and offering to represent a convicted murderer. The 56-year-old will represent herself, against the advice of the magistrate. She will next appear in court on 27 July.
The 24-year-old Australian lost 6-4 6-3 6- 4 to Germany's world number 30. He was ranked 17 in January 2016 but has fallen to 59 in the world. He has earned almost £4m in career prize money, including £35,000 for his defeat.
The case had been brought by the Brazilian investment fund DIS, which formerly owned the transfer rights to the 24-year-old forward. Barcelona was forced to pay a fine of 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.7m) last month. Neymar and his father, who acts as his agent, have both denied any wrongdoing.
Fidel Castro was born on 13 August 1950 in the Cuban town of Biran. The Queen was born in London slightly earlier, on 21 April, as the first child of Albert, Duke of York, and his wife, formerly Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon. The young Elizabeth and her sister were educated at home.
Four men attacked a man in a car near East Park Road, Blackburn. The victim was taken to hospital with cuts and bruises to his head. Two men have been arrested and police are appealing for more information. The incident is believed to be linked to honour-based violence, police say.
Neurotribes is the first popular science book to win the prize in its 17-year history. The shortlist had included Jonathan Bate's Ted Hughes: The Unauthorised Life and Robert Macfarlane's Landmarks. Historian Anne Applebaum, chair of the judges, praised Silberman's "compassionate journalism"
Reading's Laura Unsworth and University of Birmingham's Lily Owsley are fit again. Great Britain play the Dutch in Amsterdam on Tuesday and Thursday. England came from 2-0 behind to win the EuroHockey Championships in August, with Danson picking up the player of the tournament award.
Firefighters dealt with blazes at forecourts in Salisbury and Durrington. An aircraft was also found burnt out at Old Sarum Airfield. Police estimate the damage caused at "over £100,000" A man, 26, from Amesbury was arrested on Saturday on suspicion of arson.
Sinn FÃ©in's Martin McGuinness said his mother Peggy was "traumatised" to learn the truth. The former IRA commander joined the IRA in 1970, shortly after the Troubles began. He was talking to BBC journalist Peter Taylor for a TV documentary to be broadcast on Monday, 29 September.
BBC Ireland Correspondent Andy Martin reports on the latest developments in Northern Ireland. They include those who have travelled north across the border and those who are still in the country. The latest developments are being reported on by BBC Ireland correspondent Andy Martin. For more information, visit the BBC Northern Ireland website.
Damien Maguire, 43, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving. He also admitted causing grievous bodily injury to his wife and son. Eileen MagUire, 69, died after the three-car crash on the Belfast Road in Fivemiletown in November 2013.
Alan was the Syrian three-year-old whose photograph, lying dead on a Turkish beach, focused world attention on the refugee crisis. Mufawaka Alabash and Asem Alfrhad were convicted of people smuggling, but acquitted of causing death "through deliberate negligence" Thousands of refugees and migrants arrive daily in Greece from Turkey.
The Kings, who play in Port Elizabeth, and the Bloemfontein-based Cheetahs are expected to join the league after losing their Super Rugby status. The Pro12 comprises teams from Scotland, Wales, Ireland and Italy. Kings scrum-half Deon Davids says his side can be very competitive with a deeper player pool.
Israel made "substantial efforts" to avoid civilian deaths, it said. Hamas, which dominates the Gaza Strip, called the Israeli report worthless. 50-day conflict between Israel and Gaza militants, lasted from July to late August 2014. At least 2,189 Palestinians dead, including more than 1,486 civilians, according to the UN.
Germany beat Poland 2-0 in their Euro 2016 qualifier on Friday night. Joachim Low's side will face Scotland in their second Group D game on Monday. Gordon Strachan's side lost 1-0 to Georgia in their first game of the tournament in Tbilisi. The Scots will be hoping to bounce back from that defeat in Frankfurt.
Cleverly, 29, will face Braehmer for the WBA regular light-heavyweight belt in Germany on 1 October. Welshman's three career defeats have all come in his last six bouts. Cleverly lost his WBO crown in 2013 when he was stopped by Sergey Kovalev.
Lady Mary Soames, who died last year at 91, was the last survivor of Sir Winston's five children. All but two of the paintings she owned have been allocated to the National Trust. The others will stay in the Houses of Parliament and the Churchill War Rooms. The paintings have been accepted in lieu of inheritance tax.
Manchester is back in the grip of general election campaigning after three-day pause. But is the city ready to move on and talk politics? Some say it is "too soon" to restart campaigning. Others say life must go on, even if that means political campaigning.
The pensioner had gone into a church on William St on Friday. She disturbed a man as he was trying to prise open a donation box. He left the church when he saw her, but returned and demanded money from her. Police have arrested a 45-year-old man on suspicion of attempted theft and robbery.
Tinie has scored more number one singles (seven) than any other British artist this decade. His new album, Youth, has suffered a number of delays as the star revised and refined the tracklist. Part of the problem was that after five years of success, he'd lost touch with his roots.
Aquascutum started as a Mayfair tailors in 1851, rising to prominence after its founder, John Emary, patented the first waterproof textile. Its trench coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War. In 1953 its wyncol fabric - designed to withstand 100 mph winds - was used by explorer Edmund Hillary in the first confirmed ascent of Mount Everest.
Clydesdale Bank machine in Wishaw had a fault at 19:00 on Friday. Customers received double the amount of money they keyed in. A spokeswoman for the bank said the problem had been corrected quickly. In January, dozens of people took advantage of a cash machine in Dundee.
The Tinbergen Building, which houses zoology and experimental psychology, will be closed from Monday. A total of 750 staff are based in the building and it is used by 900 students. A university spokesman said it was not believed there was a health risk to regular users of the building.
Jersey submitted a bid to leave the English FA and join Uefa in December 2015. The island is not recognised by the United Nations as an independent nation. Gibraltar's initial application in 2007 came before the rules were changed. Kosovo, who joined UefA in May, declared independence from Serbia in 2008.
Department of Health plans to add 1,500 more places each year to train doctors. But the British Medical Association says the plan will not address the immediate shortage of medics. The extra places will ultimately mean 7,500 home-grown doctors should graduate each year. Currently, about a quarter of doctors working in the NHS trained outside the UK.
Ashton dived over with his signature swallow celebration in a dominant second half from the home side. Shalk Brits, Brad Barritt and Billy Vunipola also crossed. Jamie George, Alex Goode and Sean Maitland added to first-half tries. Bath could only manage a single try through Anthony Watson.
Gape, 21, was captain of Southampton's Under-21 side last season. More than a third of the Chairboys squad are currently out injured. He has signed a contract with the club until the end of the season. Gape has scored one goal in 22 appearances for the Under 21s.
Ian Holloway will take charge of QPR for the first time in 10 years on Saturday. Tony Pulis is the only manager to have had more than one spell in the EFL. Jim Smith is the most regrettable return to a football club. Eddie Howe has had two permanent spells at Bournemouth. Martin Allen has been at Barnet for 16 years.
The woman, known as Nancy, said she was'swept off her feet' by the man. She lost her home, business and took out several loans over 14 months. She was told the man and his young son had been attacked and mugged. No arrests have been made over the crime also known as 'catfishing'
In most countries, women are free to change their surname after marriage. But in France and Canada, they must petition a court to do so. In some countries, such as Iceland, women can keep their maiden name. In the U.S., women can only change their name if they are married.
Ospreys beat Scarlets 19-9 in the Pro12 on Tuesday. Ospreys have won nine of their last 11 Pro12 and European games. They face Cardiff Blues in the Cardiff derby on New Year's Day. Scott Williams says the kicking game proved vital in the defeat.
Nottinghamshire beat Essex by 39 runs at Trent Bridge. It is the first time they have reached the final of the competition since 2006. All-rounder Patel said: "It's good get Finals Day, but we'd like to go on and win it now"
The Blue singer said it began after a short tour of Kazakhstan ended in July. "I didn't have an outlet so I was sitting at home and got myself into a bit of depression" He said he realised the fans could tell he wasn't feeling himself and thought that he needed to tell them.
Romney is looking for a number two who can balance his weaknesses, appeal to new voter constituencies, persuade independent voters to give him a second look, and campaign effectively on his behalf. The perfect VP pick will also need to convince voters he or she is ready to assume the presidency if anything happens to Mr Romney.
Afghanistan is the world's largest producer of the substance, which is the main ingredient in heroin. The opium produced from the poppy plant is used to make some of the most powerful medicinal painkillers, such as morphine. Growing opium is a crime in the country, but it is a major cash crop for impoverished farming communities.
A dad was fined for taking his daughter out of school for a family holiday to Disney World in the United States. He appealed against the fine, and at first won the case, but now the UK Supreme Court has ordered him to pay the fine of Â£120. Parents will now have to seek permission from the school and head-teacher to take children on holiday during a school term.
Forde says she has "no knowledge of any misconduct on his part" and recent media coverage had caused her distress. UK's historical child sex abuse inquiry is to examine claims about Sir Edward if "the facts justify it" Metropolitan, Wiltshire, Hampshire, Jersey and Kent forces are conducting separate inquiries into the late MP.
Until now, any man who had ever had sex with another man was barred for life from donation. From 7 November the ban is being lifted in England, Scotland and Wales. But men who want to donate must not have had sex in the past 12 months. This deferral period has been left in place because there is a "window period" after infection with blood-borne viruses where they are not detectable.
Calum Clark has agreed a three-year contract with Sarries. The 27-year-old will move to Allianz Park this summer. Clark made his Premiership debut aged 18 for Leeds in 2007. He has won one international cap for England, which came against France in August 2015.
Greece to hold referendum on EU-IMF bailout terms on Tuesday. Vote to reject the bailout could trigger a "Grexit", a Greek exit from the euro. A No vote would formally cut the euro pipeline from lenders, and the Greek government could be forced to issue IOUs or a new drachma currency.
Kevin Pietersen has been at the centre of one of the most embarrassing weeks in English cricket. He has made a number of damaging accusations in his autobiography. The image of a close knit collection of professionals pulling in the same direction is forever in tatters. Here are five things we've learnt about the sport this week.
Lancashire remain bottom of the group with just two wins. Warwickshire's win at Yorkshire and Worcestershire's victory over Notts saw the 2014 champions finish fifth in the North Group with a worse net run-rate. Only seven overs were possible with Lancashire on 39-0 at Old Trafford.
Plans by the Rugby Football Union would remove one of the two weeks when games are not played to create space for a new global international season. Scottish Rugby Union chief Mark Dodson said reducing the tournament from seven weeks to six would be a threat to player safety. An independent review will take place into Wales' controversial 20-18 defeat by France in the Six Nations.
The 53-year-old German was last seen on Saturday afternoon. The search involved the coastguard helicopter, cliff teams, lifeboat crews and police. Police said a body was recovered by the Sennen lifeboat near Land's End. A police spokesman said he was unable to confirm the dead man's identity.
Wrexham Cemetery will see the restoration of Grade II-listed chapels and a lodge, which has been closed over safety concerns. It comes after the cemetery won a £1.1m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund. Wrexham council said it was one of the finest examples of a Victorian cemetery in Wales.
Nuffield Trust review found examples of nurses filling in for hospital doctors and pharmacists for GPs. But unions warned against using it as a quick fix for problems in the NHS. The think tank highlighted examples of areas that were already experimenting. It said as well as helping cover for doctor shortages, it made sense because of the changing nature of care.
The International Committee of the Red Cross says the full evacuation of civilians and rebels is likely to take several days. Government forces, backed by Russian allies, took nearly all remaining rebel-held parts of Aleppo this week. US Secretary of State John Kerry accused Syrian leaders of carrying out "nothing short of a massacre"
Most of the dead were members of the Libyan National Army, or LNA. The LNA has been fighting against the government in Tripoli since 2011. The death toll is expected to rise as more bodies are found. The U.N. has called on the LNA to stop fighting the government.
Fees start increasing from this autumn, it will mean borrowing about £28,600 for three years, with the amount then rising with inflation each year. The Intergenerational Foundation says they're missing the much bigger picture of what it will really cost in repayments. The think tank, which campaigns for fairness between generations, forecasts that a graduate would start on a lower salary and gradually progress upwards.
Ms Glass has been shadow minister for Europe since 2010. Her resignation comes amid calls for a change in the Labour party leadership. Ms Powell said she did not have confidence in Mr Corbyn's ability to lead the party. She said he had shown himself to be "decent, principled and kind"
England and Scotland meet for the first time since 1999 in a two-legged play-off for Euro 2000 in November 1999. The match at Wembley is a 90,000 sell-out, which is expected to include at least 14,000 Scotland fans. Only one team guaranteed a place at Russia 2018, England top Group F after three games.
After two hours of talks with President Vladimir Putin and Foreign Secretary Sergei Lavrov in Moscow, he said that the "two foremost nuclear powers cannot have this relationship" He said the two sides needed to overcome "time-bomb issues" inherited from Barack Obama's administration. Both ministers said there was agreement on working towards a stable and unified Syria.
Cheshire is set to become one of the biggest cities in the UK. But the region has been left out of the power-sharing deal with the rest of the country. It's not clear what the deal will look like, or how it will be paid for.
John Morley, 29, of Deanstown, Finglas West, is alleged to have carried out a sustained weekend attack at the Chimney Corner Hotel in Mallusk. The victim, Derek White, was said to have been stabbed in the chest and leg. Police detained him after being called to the hotel just outside north Belfast in the early hours of Sunday.
The money is supposed to have been paid by the end of last year. The money is meant to be used to pay soldiers' salaries. But the money has not yet been paid to the soldiers. The soldiers are now waiting for the money to be paid to them in full.
The pair are expected to be charged with financing terrorism, which carries a maximum penalty of 25 years' jail. The man was previously arrested during Australia's largest counter-terrorism raids in September 2014. He is the 14th and final person to be put before the courts as a result of the mass arrests.
The 3D-printed material is foldable so it can easily change shape. The US space agency needs to test it in space, but it thinks it could have many different uses - from protecting spacecraft to building spacesuits for astronauts.Watch Ayshah's video for more.
Researchers found that the hard working sheep dogs were successful at keeping seagulls away from beaches. Gull dropping are known to be a source of E. coli bacteria, which can lead to abdominal cramping and diarrhoea in humans. Researchers assigned the dogs to 200-metre stretches of beach along the shores of Lake Michigan in the US.
The red kite was discovered by a member of the public at Daintry Wood near Toddington. X-ray image showed it had 10 pieces of lead shot lodged in its body. RSPB said: "This was clearly no accident and it is especially sad considering the lengths that have been taken to reintroduce these splendid birds"
Membership of the Labour Party has soared since the general election. Mr Corbyn believes most of these new members are his supporters. The hope of his opponents is that many may have become disillusioned with his leadership. But if they are hoping the membership is poised to turn against him - I found precious little sign of it.
Police will be able to stop and search anyone without a ticket on Saturday. There will be 2,000 police officers on duty over the four-day event. No bags will be allowed to be taken into the National Stadium of Wales. The match between Real Madrid and Juventus will take place at 3pm.
Cambodia has one of the highest deforestation rates in the world. Economic Land Concessions (ELCs) were introduced in 2001. They were designed to support large-scale agriculture, such as rubber and sugar plantations. The issuing of the ELCs has affected many communities that depended on the land.
Tottenham beat Manchester City 1-0 at the Etihad Stadium. Harry Kane scored from the penalty spot after Raheem Sterling was penalised for handball. Yaya Toure and Kelechi Iheanacho had earlier scored for City. Spurs have now won five league games in a row and are second on goal difference.
Chad, Niger, Central African Republic, Mali and Somalia were ranked at the bottom of the index. The report says girls affected by conflict are more likely to become child brides. The number of women married in childhood will grow from 700 million today to around 950 million by 2030.
The 20-year-old has scored 11 goals for Sunderland so far this season. She was not included in the squad to face Estonia in a Euro 2016 qualifier. Sunderland boss Gus Poyet says he is delighted to have signed the player. He says the move shows the club's desire to stay in the top flight.
The as-yet-untitled book will appear in 2013, the 60th anniversary of the super-spy's first literary outing. It will mark a return to "classic Bond" and will be set in the late 1960s. Boyd is the third author in recent years to be invited to write an official Bond novel.
Matthew Morris, 29, from Chesterfield, Derbyshire, travelled to hotels in Glasgow between July and November 2013 to meet the 15-year-old girl. He was caught after colleagues at the English Table Tennis Association reported their concerns to police. At Glasgow Sheriff Court, sentence was deferred for background reports and his bail was continued.
Matthew Oliver paid more than one thousand pounds for the seed. The seed came from the current world record holder grown in Switzerland. The winning pumpkin weighs 165 stone, so Matthew's would need to weigh-in at more than a tonne to beat that. The winner will be announced at a later date.
McLaren have not won a race since 2012 and their last championship victory was in 2008. The team are ninth in the table with no points after five races. Honda started working on its new turbo hybrid F1 engine only two years ago. But Boullier says the engine has improved by "50%" since then.
The Conservatives want to increase the number of hours free childcare for three and four-year-olds to 30. Labour says the plan will leave working parents out of the labour market for years. The Lib Dems say the plan is a waste of money and will make it harder to find work.
Welsh Labour leader wants to raise the income tax rate from 45% to 50%. She said it would be a step in the right direction if there was a hard border with Scotland. She also said she would be open to a referendum on independence from the UK. She said the country needed to be free from the threat of terrorism.
Wigan midfielder Ben Watson broke his leg against Liverpool. The 27-year-old is expected to be out for a few weeks with the injury. He was injured in a tackle with Raheem Sterling on Saturday. Wigan boss Roberto Martinez says Watson will make a full recovery.
Jeremy Corbyn has become something of an international celebrity. He was a Haringey councillor in the 70s and 80s before the other contenders even went to university. He has been asked by Finnish television to give advice to their social democrats, and by Le Monde to comment on French President Hollande's move to the right.
Munster beat Glasgow 14-12 to top Pool One of the European Cup. Scrum-half Murray took a heavy blow to the head in a tackle but was allowed to return to the field after belatedly being sent for an assessment. Northampton were found to have breached rules by allowing George North to play on.
Holyrood's local government committee is to examine how the payments are made. There is "understandable public concern" about the sums being paid out. Returning officers have been in high demand in recent years. Almost Â£500,000 was shared between the 32 returning officers in 2016.
Malcolm Ballantyne, known as Malky, was found at his home in Glebe Place by a family member shortly after 13:00 on Friday. A post-mortem examination is taking place but police are treating the death as suspicious. Officers are trying to trace Mr Ballantyn's movements on Thursday and Friday.
Cashback sites are a simple idea. Instead of going directly to a shop, you access a retailer's online store through a link from a cashback website. You still receive your item directly from the retailer, but you also get some money from the cashback site. The sites have links to retailers of everything from groceries and toiletries, to insurance policies and broadband deals.
Chelsea have signed four players for a combined £129m this summer. John Terry, Nemanja Matic and Diego Costa have all left the club. Gary Cahill and Cesc Fabregas were sent off in Chelsea's 3-2 defeat by Burnley. Chelsea have also sold Asmir Begovic, Nathan Ake and Kurt Zouma.
BMAP identifies planning zones for 40% of the Northern Ireland population. Decision is being challenged in judicial review proceedings by Finance Minister Arlene Foster. Mr Durkan's barrister said he had tried to get it on the agenda at Stormont executive meetings at least six times.
Glamorgan bowled out for 289 chasing 290 to win against Gloucestershire. Will Bragg (75) and Jacques Rudolph (53) put on 122-run second-wicket stand. Michael Klinger (52) and Benny Howell (77) also scored half-centuries for the hosts.
The project would see the creation of a raised walkway along the waterfront area. The Scottish government would provide 80% of the funding for the scheme. Dumfries and Galloway Council has already approved nearly £4.5m towards the project. A report to the local authority will ask it to agree that the project be officially published.
A five-point biosecurity action plan and poster campaign are also included in the initiative. The measures are being promoted by organisations such as Defra, the Animal and Plant Health Agency and the National Farmers' Union. Farming Minister George Eustice said "good progress" is being made to eradicate TB in England.
Iva Barr took part in her 20th London Marathon on Sunday. She completed the first 14 miles before walking the rest of the way. Ms Barr said she had "no regrets" about giving it a go. She said: "It was so wonderful, everybody was fantastic with me"
David Cameron says Labour is not telling the truth about Kettering General Hospital. The NHS has told the BBC the hospital will not be downgraded. A by-election will almost certainly be on 15 November to tie in with the police and crime commissioner elections. It was sparked by the resignation in August of sitting Conservative MP Louise Mensch.
Johnston has been at the club for 15 years, serving as chairman for 10. He has faced pressure to step down from fans who felt his presence was an impediment to attracting potential club investors. The death of his wife Joanne in March hastened his decision to relinquish his positions.
Mankind Initiative said men too often are "too ashamed" to report abuse. In the last three years, police received 19,459 calls from men but the charity said the real figures are likely to be higher because of under-reporting by men. The conference was chaired by former abuse victim Ian McNicholl.
Ryan Ledson, Kieran Dowell, Chris Long and Gethin Jones make Everton debuts. Striker Arouna Kone returns from 14-month injury absence. Luke Garbutt makes third Everton start as Leighton Baines is rested. Krasnodar take the lead in the 30th minute after Laborde scores at near post.
Buick, 29, suffered a compression of his T12 vertebrae and will be assessed again in six weeks. He was unseated as Royal Ascot winner Permian was fatally injured after coming last in the Secretariat Stakes at Arlington on 12 August. Buick is one of the leading jockeys in Britain and a retained rider for Sheikh Mohammed's Godolphin team.
Jenny goes to a youth club in Glasgow to find out more about the election. The result could have a huge impact on who runs the next UK government. It's a big deal for people across the country, but everyone's watching Scotland in particular. It could be the biggest election in UK history.
Shakespeare was appointed Foxes manager until the end of the season on Sunday. He has been caretaker boss since Claudio Ranieri was sacked in February. Leicester host Sevilla in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday. The Foxes have won both of their Premier League games under Shakespeare.
Two of the girls were Somali teenagers who disappeared in 2005 and 2012. The Health and Social Care Board has said new guidelines are in place and no children have gone missing since 2014. The Police Ombudsman for Northern Ireland will be reviewing the contents of the programme to ascertain if there are any issues of police conduct which need further investigation.
Authorities fear Paris-style attacks may be carried out, as at least one Paris gunman had lived in Brussels. Five people have been charged in Belgium with terrorism offences in connection with the attacks in the neighbouring country. Public transport was due to start running again from 06:00 (GMT) though some metro lines will remain closed.
Traffic was stopped between J23a and J24 at 21:30 GMT for about 20 minutes. East Midlands Airport said the closure was "precautionary" A Jet2 flight with 153 people on board alerted them to a suspected malfunction. In 1989 a Belfast-bound British Midland flight crashed on the M1.
Free-to-view channel Spike will show Breaking Bad in its entirety. It will also be the first UK channel to show series five of The Walking Dead. The channel will also bring US pop culture phenomenon Lip Sync Battle to British screens. Spike will launch on Freeview, Freesat and Sky TV on 15 April.
Interest rates have been at 0.5% since 2009 and the financial crisis. The first increase is now expected in late 2016. Forecasts were put back after the Bank said the outlook for global growth had weakened. Mr Haldane also had strong words on the UK's increasingly expensive housing market.
The British Speedway Promoters' Association say an agreement has been reached. A 15-year lease has been signed for the team's Beaumont Park venue. "Hopefully this is a new start for the club and it will have a good future," says chairman Keith Chapman.
The poverty rate was 15% in 2011, meaning 46.2 million Americans were in poverty. Real median income of households in the country dropped by 1.5%. The average poverty threshold for a family of four in 2011 was $23,021 (Â£14,300)
Copper was mined at the scheduled monument until the 1950s. Over the next two years more than 150 repairs will be carried out to stabilise the site. The site is located in the south west of the Lake District National Park. It was used to extract copper for weapons, coins and ships.
The Jay report, published in August, put the figure at at least 1,400. Yasmin Ishaq, who has supported victims, said: "It's not just the young white girls that they're targeting" She said men who they knew to be abusers had never been prosecuted.
New England manager Allardyce takes charge of his first game after predecessor Roy Hodgson resigned in the immediate aftermath of the humiliating last-16 exit at the hands of Iceland in France. The 61-year-old wants to deliver a morale-boosting opening result here in Trnava.
A 22-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the rape of a teenager. British Transport Police said the man, from Birmingham, was arrested on Wednesday and had now been bailed after being questioned by detectives. The girl had previously been raped at the railway station hours earlier.
Britain remains firmly opposed to any move towards creating an EU army. Sir Michael Fallon said it would simply undermine Nato. The idea wasn't on the agenda when EU defence ministers met in Slovakia. There are no plans for legions of Eurotroops decked out in helmets.
Two of those on board named locally as Kevin and Ruth Burke from Hulcote, near Milton Keynes. They were believed to have been travelling to Dublin, where Mrs Burke was born, for a christening with three other adult family members. A massive air and land search was launched on Wednesday when the aircraft vanished after leaving the Luton area.
Pentagon said it had targeted Mansour because he had become "an obstacle to peace and reconciliation" But it isn't clear that the new leader will be any more open towards the peace process. There is considerable evidence that poppy production has increased in areas that are - nominally at least - controlled by the government.
Oxfordshire County Council has joined forces with HourBike Ltd to bring back the OxonBike scheme. The scheme was originally launched in June last year, but the two-year pilot was cut short five months later when Grand Scheme Bike Share went into liquidation. The cost of the scheme is free for the first 30 minutes.
Negotiators for the two sides at peace talks in Cuba said they would ask the UN to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire. The UN has yet to agree to the proposal. The two sides have been holding peace talks for three years. Both sides say they hope to reach a final peace deal by March 2016.
The case revolved around a horn "hit" from the Salsoul Orchestra track Love Break. But the US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said the sample lasted less than a second. The ruling could lead to short samples becoming more commonplace. However, the court's decision was not unanimous, with one judge arguing that the uncredited sample would amount to theft.
Llandeilo residents have been demanding action for more than 40 years. The town's main street on the A483 is currently used as a route from Swansea to the Midlands. Welsh Government announced £50m funding for the route as part of £83m earmarked for transport.
The king commissioned the piano for the palace from renowned maker Thomas Tomkison in about 1821. It is thought to have been removed from the Pavilion by Queen Victoria after she ascended the throne in 1837. It was bought by Brighton and Hove City Council with funding from Arts Council England and the Victoria and Albert Museum.
India is the third-largest economy in Asia but has been struggling with inflation and currency weakness. The Indian rupee has seen one of the biggest declines among Asian currencies, dropping more than 27% against the US dollar. India's economy is suffering from "policy incoherence, shifting global risk appetite and a comatose government"
The Z30 features a 5in (12.7cm) screen and a relatively large battery. It is the first product to be released by the Canadian company since it announced last month that it was considering putting itself up for sale. Some analysts have suggested a deal could result in its handset division being shut down.
The set of the film is expected to sell for between £2,000 and £5,000. The film was shot in the 1960s and 1970s and was called The Great Escape. It was the first of a series of films to be made about the life of a dog.
David Montgomery, 39, was giving evidence for a third day in the trial of 48-year-old Ronnie Coulter. Mr Coulter is accused of murdering Mr Chhokar in Overtown, North Lanarkshire, on 4 November 1998 by stabbing him. He has lodged a special defence blaming his nephew Andrew Coulter and Mr Montgomery.
Miliband: "There is no greater symbol of an economy that doesn't work than zero-hours contracts" Lib Dems would ban exclusivity clauses which prevent people looking for additional work. Boris Johnson said he would rather get people into work than leave them feeling "ill-used by society, left out"
Motherwell owner Les Hutchison has sold his 76% shareholding to the Well Society. Hutchison was never interested in owning or running the club long-term. He wants fans and local businesses to step up to support the club financially. Motherwell have reached the youth cup final for the first time in 30 years.
Charlene Downes disappeared near Blackpool's North Pier on 1 November 2003. Police believe she was one of a number of girls who were groomed for sex. Appeal will be made on the big screen and inside programmes during the team's match against Brighton at Bloomfield Road on Saturday.
The RDG, which represents train operators and Network Rail, said it was the smallest annual rise for six years. Under government rules, the rise in regulated fares was restricted to no more than the Retail Prices Index measure of inflation over the year to July. The increases cover fares in England, Scotland and Wales. Northern Ireland is treated separately.
Veterans with amputation-related medical issues can now attend a clinic at the Surrey-based unit's Defence Medical Rehabilitation Centre. The first six such patients have already received treatment there. The new set-up mirrors the tertiary referral system within the NHS, where one hospital can refer a patient to another hospital.
The portraits include broadcasters Dame Esther Rantzen and Reeta Chakrabarti. Oxford's head of equality Trudy Coe said it was "sending a signal" The new pictures on the ancient walls will include scientist Dame Jocelyn Bell Burnell and author Jeanette Winterson.
Wilson's side were beaten by Hampshire in the first round of the T20 Blast. They had reached the quarter-finals of the competition only once before. "It's disappointing to go out one step away from Finals Day," says Wilson. "But, moving forward, it could be an exciting time for us"
The four national football associations were unable to agree on sending Great Britain teams to Rio de Janeiro. England captain Steph Houghton said it was "very disappointing" to not go to Rio. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland were also against sending a Great Britain team to the Olympics.
Top acting honours went to Michael B Jordan for Rocky spin-off Creed and Charlotte Rampling for 45 Years. Best director went to Todd Haynes for Carol, which also picked up best cinematography for Ed Lachman. Kristen Stewart won best supporting actress for Clouds of Sils Maria.
In Welsh, Ioan Kidd won the book prize and people's choice award with his work, Dewis. The Rice Paper Diaries took the fiction prize for Rhys Davies: A Writer's Life. The theme of war continued in the fiction category with the novel The Dust Diaries.
Duckett's 131-ball 220 not out was the ninth-highest List A score ever. Bell-Drummond hit 171 off 139 in Monday's 140-run win. Lions beat Pakistan A and Sri Lanka A twice apiece, with batsmen scoring more than 150 in each fixture.
I exhibited 5,000 labels from my collection of 25,000. The collection includes all kinds of material related to the Indian matchbox industry. A number of Indian labels started during the independence struggle. Most firms used Indian languages to add nationalist fervour to their brands.
Capsules are placed on the skin and heated up to create a circle. They are used to help people recover from injuries. The British Acupuncture Council says they are not painful. But they warn that they can cause burns if not used properly. For more information on cupping, go to www.acupuncture.org.uk.
A week of protests to coincide with the race began on Friday, organised by the opposition to the ruling royal family. The 2011 Bahrain Grand Prix was postponed and later cancelled after month-long pro-democracy protests were crushed. Last year's race went ahead after Ecclestone and governing body the FIA said they had been assured the kingdom was safe.
Josie Rourke will direct Christopher Hampton's Les Liaisons Dangereuses. The play is based on the scandalous 1782 novel by Choderlos de Laclos. Janet McTeer, who plays Lady Mary in ITV's hit period drama, will play Madame de Tourvel.
Mohamed Salah is one of 11 players called up to the squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. The tournament starts on January 14 and runs until February 5. Egypt are in Group D with Ghana, Mali and Costa Rica. They will play their opening game against Costa Rica on January 16.
The Phoenix Tent will also host New York indie pop outfit The Pains of Being Pure at Heart. Joining them will be SLUG, a new band fronted by former Field Music bassist Ian Black and collaborative duo Aidan Moffat and Bill Wells. The festival near Dundrennan takes place on 24 and 25 July.
Paul Wilmott, 63, died in the explosion at his home in Haxby, near York, on 19 February 2016, which was caused by the fracture of a corroded gas pipe. One house was "completely missing" and others were left seriously damaged, the inquest in York heard.
Lara Clarke, from the West Midlands, has baked this special Harry Potter cake. She has also baked the Weasley's flying car and the Hogwart's library. Many other bakers around the world have also made cakes to celebrate JK Rowling's special day. For more Harry Potter news click here.
Over 100 shops in the coastal town of Cumana were hit and at least one person died according to local media. Venezuela has one of the world's highest inflation rates at 180% and people can queue for hours for subsidised food. But the government says the shortages are part of an economic war being waged to drive President Nicolas Maduro from office.
Investing Solutions is one of the largest recipients of housing benefit in the UK. It finds properties for single homeless men and finds clients from charities. Homeless charity Crisis says the relationship is "a new low" Investing Solutions says "the bulk" of their rents get passed to private landlords.
Scotland have lost on their past nine trips to Paris. They beat France for the first time in 10 years last season at home. Guy Noves' side have not finished in the top half of the Six Nations since 2011. Laidlaw: "We need to be physical and aggressive because the French are big men"
Campaigners estimate that the average Australian wedding has a price tag of around 35,000 Australian dollars ($27,000; Â£18,000) The most conservative estimate for the [potential] wedding spend of Australian same-sex couples is A$161m. Telecom giant Telstra Qantas and PricewaterhouseCoopers have signed an open letter urging the government to consider the economic benefits of reform.
South Korea's filibuster was spearheaded by main opposition party Minjoo which was joined by other smaller parties. They were trying to block an anti-terrorism bill which they said threatened personal freedoms. But they gave up on Wednesday fearing a public backlash, as the prolonged anti-terror proceedings were delaying the passing of other bills.
The new series of This Morning is on ITV1 tonight at 9pm. Watch the first episode of the new series tonight at 8pm on ITV2. Click here to watch the second episode of this series on ITV3 at 10pm on Monday, April 23.
The Royal Mint has struck 2,013 of the commemorative coins. Parents need to register their child's birth within 60 days. The coins are worth Â£28 each. The Duchess of Cambridge gave birth to a son on Monday in London's St Mary's Hospital.
New Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe meets South Korean President-elect Park Geun-hye. The two states have been involved in a prolonged row over disputed islands. Mr Abe was sworn in in December, while Ms Park is set to assume office next month. Mr Nukaga went to Japan saying he wanted to "play the role of mediator"
Carrick left the pitch in Alicante on a stretcher on Friday evening. England boss Roy Hodgson says the injury does not look good. The 34-year-old will miss Tuesday's friendly with France at Wembley. CLICK HERE for all the latest England news.
The full inquest into the death of Alice Gross, 14, will start in June. Her body was found in woodland near Hanwell, west London, in September. Her father, Arnis Zalkalns, was jailed in Latvia for murdering his wife. He was released and travelled to the UK, where he was found dead.
AQIM emerged in early 2007 after a feared militant group aligned itself with Osama Bin Laden's international network. It is one of the region's best-armed groups thanks to the money it makes from kidnapping Westerners and drug and cigarette trafficking across the Sahara. During the Mali crisis, its fighters have dramatically increased their profile, allowing them to further their aim of spreading Islamic law and jihad.
Kirsty Blackman found a toy rabbit at the Carriage Gates entrance last July. She tried to trace the owner on social media but no-one came forward. A user got in touch at Hogmanay, saying the toy belonged to her six-year-old daughter.
A Los Angeles magistrate signed a seizure warrant for Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan's iPhone. It authorised officers to "depress" her fingerprints on the sensor. Campaigners say making suspects decrypt their phones means they are testifying against themselves, which contravenes the US constitution's fifth amendment.
Celtic are bottom of Group A with two points from four matches. A point against Ajax could keep them in the hunt if Fenerbahce fail to beat Molde. Scott Brown, Nir Bitton and Stefan Johansen are all suspended for the game. Kris Commons is also a major doubt for the match.
The 25-year-old joined the Dons from Inverness Caledonian Thistle in 2015. He has since made more than 70 appearances for Derek McInnes's side. Shinnie told the club website: "We've a squad that is capable of winning trophies and that's what I aim to do while I'm an Aberdeen player"
McDonnell, 30, will face Rosas on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's IBF world heavyweight title bout with Charles Martin at the O2 in London. McDonnell won the WBA title with a 10th-round stoppage of Thailand's Tabtimdaeng Na Rachawat at Wembley Stadium in May 2014.
Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, has said he will stay in office until 2021. Mr Carney had been expected to serve the full eight years of his term. The Governor's family will be leaving the UK in 2018 as originally planned. He said his decision was personal and that he wanted to serve as long as possible.
The Liverpool Care Pathway can offer a peaceful and dignified death. But there have been problems with its implementation, government-commissioned review is set to say. The system was developed at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital and the city's Marie Curie hospice in the 1990s to provide a model of best practice.
David Miller, 56, was found at his flat in Boothville, Northampton, on 14 June 2016. He had been stabbed multiple times and "crude attempts" were made to destroy his body, a court heard. Ian Cuthbertson, 49, Michael Hallett, 37, Joseph Catlin, 30, and Zena Kane, 35, deny murder.
The hacking scheme he ran from 2008 to 2014 targeted US pizza chains in Washington state. Seleznev, who is the son of a Russian MP, will be sentenced on 2 December and faces a mandatory jail term of four years. His legal team will seek to challenge what his legal team described as his "illegal arrest"
The 14-month old tabby and white called Pumbaa was found bleeding in a Peterborough alleyway. The stab wound was so deep the vet was unable to operate before he died. A second cat - Mischief - was shot by an air rifle in an area near to the scene. It is unclear whether the two incidents are linked.
Wellington Zoo said Lanky had arthritis and had been struggling to support his own weight. He was euthanised "in his best interests", the zoo said in a statement on Monday. Lanky was the longest living resident of Wellington Zoo, arriving there in 1978.
A* and A grades were awarded to 26.3% of entries - up by 0.5 percentage points compared with last year. Girls outperform boys at every stage of their education, and have been performing better at the top grades at A-levels for 17 years. The overall A* to E pass rate is marginally down at 97.9%. But in those new-style A-level subjects, including history, English, psychology, physics, chemistry and biology, there were 0.7% fewer A* grades overall.
Two children at Miles of Smiles nursery in Baglan have been confirmed as having the virus. Public Health Wales said vaccination uptake at the nursery was good. But some children were at risk because they were too young to have received one or both doses of the vaccine. Last July saw the end of Wales' biggest outbreak of the infection.
Macedonia has been rocked by a series of revelations about government corruption. The government has been accused of trying to cover up the cover-up. But the opposition has accused the government of using the scandal to stifle dissent. The opposition says the government is trying to use the scandal as a political tool.
Horse-drawn carriage retraced the route taken by the Duke of Wellington. He sent a message from the battlefield to the Prince Regent in London. A re-enactment of the Battle of Waterloo took place in Belgium on Saturday. The Prince of Wales and the Prime Minister were among those in attendance.
Suspects Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi had no personal motive to kill. UK officials believe the two suspects poisoned Mr Litvinenko, 43, in 2006. But they deny any wrongdoing and remain in Russia. Met Police barrister Richard Horwell QC said the Russian state was likely to have been the sponsor of the plot.
The chancellor said the government's education policies had "expanded opportunity" But head teachers said capital investment in grammar schools was "the wrong priority" Mr Hammond did, however, confirm a Â£50m pot of money to support the expansion of grammar schools. A consultation on the proposals is due to close next month.
Joyce Watson, Labour AM for Mid and West Wales, backs a fingerprint ID system of cashless payments to help poorer children. She is due to launch a debate on the issue in the Senedd on Tuesday. Most commonly, in schools where children still pay with cash for their dinners, pupils eligible for free meals are given tickets.
Infusions of so-called broadly neutralising antibodies could suppress the amount of HIV in a patient's blood. The approach uses clones of immune proteins taken from a rare individual who has natural control of the disease. Scientists hope with further work this could bolster current treatments. But they cautioned that studies into the antibody are still small and at an early stage.
The 33-year-old was injured at Colchester police station in Essex. He grabbed hold of a toilet bowl in his cell during a struggle. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has started an investigation. It is believed seven Essex Police officers will be questioned.
Anine Mariam Ouattara is a 24-year-old designer from Ivory Coast. She tells the BBC about difficulties young people face and her aspirations for her country. For Ivorian entrepreneurs, access to funds and training is sometimes complicated, she says. For more information on how to get involved in Ivorian politics, visit www.ivorianpolitics.org.
The Gills had agreed to sign defender N'Gala, 27, after he left Eastleigh. But rules state a player cannot appear for more than two teams in one season. Dover say they have been allowed to sign him following talks with the Football Association and English Football League. The Fifa Players' Transfer rules came into force this season.
Dundee beat Partick Thistle 2-1 at Firhill on Saturday. Kane Hemmings scored a brace to take his tally to 25 in all competitions. Kris Doolan had cancelled out the Englishman's opener in the first half. Dundee manager Paul Hartley said he was always confident his team would prevail.
The Royal British Legion says people associate Remembrance and the poppy with older, World War Two veterans. The charity's "rethink Remembrance" campaign will launch with a video installation in London, featuring four videos of young veterans' experiences. It comes as some charities have said younger veterans are being forgotten.
The East Superleague side fell behind when Paul Quinn fired in from a corner for his second goal in two games. Rose drew level through a Jamie Reckord own goal, but Graham and Alex Schalk put the Premiership side in control. Ruari MacLennan scored his fourth cup goal before Graham pounced to finally settle the tie.
The horror starring Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson made $40.4m (£28.5m) Video game adaptation Warcraft came in second with $24.4million (£17.2m) Crime caper Now You See Me 2 was at three, taking $23m (£16.2million) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles dropped to four with $14.8million (£10.4 million)
The average ticket price for a West End musical in 2016 was £49.28. Lord Lloyd-Webber is charging between £25-£95 for his latest London musical School of Rock. The composer was speaking to BBC arts editor Will Gompertz on BBC 5 live.
GeoRescue would provide information on predicted and ongoing natural disasters. It would guide people to safety using advanced maps services and once activated, would emit a signal using GPS to indicate a person's location for search and rescue services. The couple will present their idea at a space conference in Manchester which begins on Tuesday.
David Miller hits 50 as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire in T20. Michael Klinger hits 52 as home side finish on 151-7 in reply. Welsh County move to the top of the south group table on net run-rate. Graham Wagg takes his 100th T20 wicket in front of home crowd.
The world was a scary place in 2015. Consider this list a safe, feel-good haven. Nothing in this list was created specifically to go viral. This list is intended to feature some of the more organic fun. We hope you have enjoyed it as much as we have.
South Wales Police officers were called to an address in Bridgend. A man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being questioned. Police are appealing for anyone with information to call the incident room on 01656 306099 or Crimestoppers on 0800 555111.
Two men, Said and Cherif Kouachi, had been barricaded in a printing factory in Dammartin-en-Goele, 35km (22 miles) from Paris. Cherif, 32, was jailed in 2008 and had long been known to police for militant Islamist activities. He was detained in 2005 just as he was about to board a plane for Syria.
The 96-year-old announced his retirement in May, after decades of supporting the Queen. He now holds the record for the longest-serving consort in British history. Prince Philip is also the grandfather of Princes William and Harry, and the great-grandfather of Prince George and Princess Charlotte.
A total of 457 flats are affected and will start to be emptied in October. Residents will be rehomed over the next four years. Shoreline said 52% of locals backed the demolition of the East Marsh blocks and Comber Place maisonettes, while 42% were against it.
Father-of-two Timothy Mardon had barricaded himself in after hearing intruders going from room to room. Three men broke into the Grade II listed mansion in Sible Hedingham, Essex on 6 February. Mr Mardon, who is in his 40s, had a high-powered job at an insurance firm.
None of Taylor Swift's albums are available on the music-streaming service. There's been no word from Swift on why she's taken the tracks down. Spotify has released a statement saying that the company hopes "she'll change her mind" and return to the site. Newsbeat has managed to find two tracks on Spotify that seem to have been left behind.
Mercedes driver Nico Rosberg said parts of the track in the Azerbaijani capital were "really not looking good" Button added that some corners "don't have any run-off at all" The main areas of concern are turns three, seven and 15 and the pit-lane entry.
Arvind Kejriwal and members of his cabinet spent the night in the open in the heart of the capital. His anti-corruption Aam Aadmi Party caused a shock with its strong performance in recent state elections. But he quickly became embroiled in a row over policing after one of his ministers accused officers of failing to crack down on an alleged drugs and prostitution ring.
Police Scotland said they made more than 2,100 arrests in relation to organised crime last year. They estimate 220 gangs are currently dealing in drugs, firearms, high-value theft, fraud and human trafficking. Some 122 people arrested in the last 12 months were described by officers as being principal players involved in serious and organised criminal activity.
Sports Personality 2015 takes place in Belfast on 20 December. Gary Lineker, Clare Balding and Gabby Logan will again present the show. Lewis Hamilton won last year's award in Glasgow with 34% of the vote. A limited number of extra tickets will be available closer to the event.
Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles in August 2012. He admitted to doping in a two-part interview with Oprah Winfrey in January 2013. The father-of-five said his life had "thinned out" and "slowed from 100mph to 10" Armstrong said he would like to return to racing in 2015.
Wales face Russia in their final Euro 2016 Group B game on Monday. A win in Toulouse would secure their place in the last 16. Joe Allen says the squad will have no regrets over the tournament. Wales have not qualified for a major international tournament since 1958.
Isle of Man road-racing champion fitted with a battery of biometric and mechanical sensors to record every aspect of man and machine in action. Data analytics firm EMC, sportswear maker Alpinestars, and sensor specialist Freescale Semiconductor fitted his bike and suit.
Former England Under-19 and T20 player Alan Wells plays for Sussex. Wells has scored 221 runs in his five Championship appearances this season. The left-hander believes he should have reached the 1,000-run milestone in 2013. He admits he is "a fair way" off his target but is keen to contribute to Sussex's title challenge.
Boulder thought to have been in Soulbury, Buckinghamshire for 11,000 years. Local legend claims it appeared after villagers fought with the devil and cut off his foot. Residents said they would chain themselves to it when the council said the stone may have to be moved. Council has now said it would be "lunacy" to move it, but was looking for ways to make the road safer.
The 25-year-old will appear at Newcastle Crown Court on 24 February. He is visually impaired and stands 4ft 6in (1.21m) tall. He intends to use the money to buy a new home. A gala ball will be held on Friday to raise money for his care.
Shares in the 80%-taxpayer-owned bank dropped 3% on the news. RBS chairman Philip Hampton said: "RBS did suffer more than most banks in the crisis" RBS said its executive committee would not receive a bonus for 2013, Mr McEwan has waived his bonus for2013-14.
The 17th Century miniature painting of Edward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury, was painted in watercolour on vellum by Isaac Oliver. It will be restored before going back on display as the star attraction at Powis Castle, near Welshpool. It was bought for £2.1m by the National Trust with help from the National Heritage Memorial Fund and Art Fund.
Welsh government puts Â£25m a year into supporting bus services. The Welsh Local Government Association said the level of cuts could be "devastating" Bus use has been falling across the UK since 2008 but the drop has been sharpest in Wales. A Welsh government spokesperson said: "Local authorities are responsible for determining the reimbursement rate"
Judge Thokozile Masipa urged lawyers to make good use of the upcoming fortnight break for the Easter holidays. I will be taking a week off and then focusing on South Africa's general election before returning to the hard benches of Courtroom GD on 5 May.Tweet your thoughts and suggestions to @BBCAndrewH.
Female officers will be able to wear a headscarf under their caps or berets, provided it is plain and is the same colour as the uniform. Headscarf bans on university campuses and state institutions - except for the judiciary, military and police - have been lifted in recent years.
The degrees form part of the UK's cyber security strategy published in 2011. Minister Francis Maude said internet cyber security was a "crucial part" of the government's long-term plan for the British economy. Edinburgh Napier University, Lancaster University, the University of Oxford and Royal Holloway, University of London are running the courses.
Pauline King, described by police as a "reclusive hermit", was found at The Avenues on 22 February. Alexander Kerry, 23, of Kinghorn Road, Norwich, was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court after he entered a guilty plea. He denied a charge of sexual assault and the prosecution chose not to proceed on that count.
Violence is the first in Beirut since the conflict began in neighbouring Syria in March last year. It follows a week of clashes in the northern city of Tripoli between anti-Syrian Sunnis and Alawites who support the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Political and religious leaders from all sides have urged restraint, while the government has pledged a vigorous enquiry.
Autistic and bi-polar Ben Pullar spent almost a year at Winterbourne View. He lost two teeth when he was punched in the face. Police have agreed the assault was "not acceptable" but said they would not re-open the case. Eleven care workers are to be sentenced later for maltreatment and neglect.
The 27-year-old Israeli international joins from Ashdod for an undisclosed fee. Marciano spent last season on loan at Easter Road. He is the club's fourth signing of the summer - after Efe Ambrose, Danny Swanson and Simon Murray. He will compete with Ross Laidlaw for the starting goalkeeper slot in the Premiership.
Gordie Howe died just before 08:00 on Friday at his son's home in Ohio. He made his debut in 1946 and played 26 NHL and six World Hockey Association seasons. Howe won the Stanley Cup four times with the Detroit Red Wings. He was in the top 10 of scorers for 21 consecutive years and named MVP six times.
The Private Infrastructure Development Group (PIDG) has built up a £27m surplus. Recent projects funded by the agency include a steel foundry in Nigeria and a Ugandan hydropower scheme. UK provides 70% of its funding, which is expected to hit £700m by 2015.
Martin Foran, 71, spent 18 years in prison after being convicted of robbery. He was portrayed as an IRA member by a regional paper and served six years. His conviction was quashed on appeal in 2013 but not before he spent 47 days in a rooftop protest and hunger strike at Nottingham jail. Mr Foran says his ordeal has left him ill and unable to pay basic bills.
There is speculation the date in May is being considered by the UK government. Labour's First Minister Carwyn Jones claimed it would limit the ability of pro-EU parties to have a "genuine referendum strategy" Plaid Cymru peer Lord Elis-Thomas broke ranks with his party on Sunday by saying the move could boost turnout.
Peterborough United beat Rotherham United 2-1 at the ABAX Stadium. Jack Marriott and Kieffer Moore scored the goals for Posh. Marriott scored a hat-trick in his previous league appearance. Moore was sent off for a second bookable offence in the match.
Jules Bianchi is in a critical but stable condition in hospital. His father Philippe has described the situation as "desperate" He said the family had been touched by the show of support from other Formula 1 drivers. The 25-year-old is expected to make a full recovery.
Invest NI is supporting the investment with a grant of £727,500. Axiom is based in the US and employs around 1,200 people. The new posts in Belfast will have average salaries of £40,000. They include a mix of lawyers, project managers and technologists.
The man dialled two taxi firms from the landline in the house at Wodecroft Road, Luton, but hung up after he was asked for his phone number. A flat-screen television and other electrical items were stolen from the house.Bedfordshire Police asked anyone who recognised the man's voice to contact them.
The Clogher rider now lies second in the standings, five points behind Tarran Mackenzie. Jack Kennedy is fourth and David Allingham in sixth. Glenn Irwin misses the meeting through injuries sustained in a practice crash at Knockhill. Northern Ireland riders Michael Laverty, Josh Elliott and Christian Iddon will take part in Sunday's two Superbike races.
Office for National Statistics said the quantity of goods bought between April and May fell by 1.2%. Compared with a year earlier, sales volumes were up by 0.9% - the weakest annual growth rate since April 2013. ONS said that higher prices across all sectors "seem to be a significant factor in slowing growth"
The Gambia has pulled out of the British Commonwealth. President Yahya Jammeh accused the UK of backing his political opposition. A Foreign Office report singled out The Gambia for its human rights record. The last time a nation left the Commonwealth was in 2003, when Zimbabwe withdrew.
Kerri Imelda Doherty was supposed to see four offenders at least once a month. The men needed regular visits because they could suffer a relapse. Ms Doherty denied any wrongdoing but three allegations were found proven. A fourth charge of acting "dishonestly" was found not proven.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Junker says talks should start soon. But German Chancellor Angela Merkel says there is no need to start now. Britain's decision to leave the EU has sent shockwaves across the EU. The first summit of EU leaders with no British representation will be on Wednesday.
Until now agencies such as the FBI had not needed a warrant to use machines called cell-site simulators that track the locations of phones in the area. Civil liberties groups have expressed concern at potential invasions of privacy. The new rules will come into effect immediately and also mean that all data must be deleted as soon as that device is located.
Cuba was one of the first countries to establish diplomatic relations with The Gambia after Mr Jammeh took power in 1994. The information minister said the move was to mourn the revolutionary leader, who died on Friday at the age of 90. For the first time since he came to power he will be facing a single major opposition candidate.
Two-year-old Hank was removed by dog wardens last month and taken for testing. A court in Belfast heard he had been assessed by an expert to be a pit bull terrier-type. He will undergo behavioural training and will also be kept on a lead and muzzled while in public.
Stones was one of only two outfield players not to play for England at Euro 2016. The 22-year-old would become Britain's most expensive defender. Manchester City have already signed Ilkay Gundogan from Borussia Dortmund and completed a £13.8m deal for Spain forward Nolito from Celta Vigo.
Met Office issues yellow warning for severe gales with gusts up to 60mph (100km/h) in exposed areas. Police have advised drivers to slow down, use lights and drive with extra care. Christmas market in Magherafelt, County Londonderry, had to be cancelled.
The teenager was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash in New Malden. The lorry driver, who was not arrested, stopped following the collision. Met Police have appealed for drivers and pedestrians who witnessed the crash to come forward. The incident happened at about 08:30 GMT in Lime Grove.
A Vauxhall Astra and a Peugeot 206 were involved in the crash. Joshua Fothergill, 19, of Rotherham, died at the scene in Sheffield. Liam Parkin, also 19, was also killed in the collision on Blackburn Road. A 20-year-old man has been held on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving.
Shana Grice's body was discovered with her throat slit in her bedroom. Michael Lane denies murder at Lewes Crown Court. His friend Natalie Fines said she bumped into him during an evening out with her parents. She said he told her: 'She'll pay for what she's done'
Bristol City had lost 10 of their previous 13 games. The Robins led 2-0 at St James' Park before Newcastle fought back to level. Bristol City are two only points above the relegation zone, though they have a game in hand on 22nd-placed Wigan.
The new system has already been used on a trial basis in some international tournaments by Uefa during the summer. It will be implemented in all ties in the Carabao Cup, Checkatrade Trophy and EFL play-offs. A coin will still be tossed to decide who goes first.
Olive Cooke, 92, joined the Royal British Legion (RBL) aged 16. Her father was an active member after serving in World War One. For the past 12 years she has sold poppies from the entrance to Bristol Cathedral. She said she wished everyone would wear a poppy with "great pride"
Arlene Arkinson, 15, vanished after a night at a disco in County Donegal in 1994. Her body has never been found, and Robert Howard was the main suspect. The woman, who was just 14 at the time, told detectives how she believed Howard was trying to rape her in his flat.
Gabriel Sakellaridis says the vote was the first step towards a deal. PM Tsipras won the vote by 229 votes to 64, with the support of some opposition MPs. More than 30 of his own MPs voted against him. Eurozone finance ministers are due to discuss the vote in a conference call.
Find out all you need to know about the Labour Party in Newsround's 60-second guide.2 June 2017 Last updated at 08:09 BST on 2 June 2017. Click here for more information on how to vote in the UK. For all the latest news on the UK election, click here.
England will play their first day-night Test when they host West Indies at Edgbaston in August. Yorkshire say they were asked by England and Wales Cricket Board about their willingness to move one of the Championship games at Headingley. The club's chief executive Mark Arthur called it a "great opportunity"
Draped Seated Woman was moved from a council estate in Stepney, east London, on loan to Yorkshire Sculpture Park in 1997. In 2012 Tower Hamlets Council decided against selling the piece after strong criticism. The council said it would be positioned in Canary Wharf from October. The Henry Moore Foundation's director Godfrey Worsdale said the foundation was "very pleased" the piece was returning.
James Moore was due in court on Friday for driving without a qualified driver. The 24-year-old's case was adjourned until 23 June at Londonderry Magistrates' Court. Mr Moore's solicitor has asked the court to postpone the hearing until after his holiday.
Kara McCullough, a scientist at the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission, appeared to link healthcare to employment. But the beauty queen, 25, faced a backlash on social media. It comes as the Trump administration battles to overturn Obamacare, which aimed to extend insurance coverage to the 15% of Americans who lack it.
Most videos have genuine views but the website wants to crack down on the small number that don't. With 100 hours of video added to the site every minutes it can be hard to get noticed, so some people buy fake views. There are many companies that will sell YouTube views, likes or comments for a fee.
Most of the 8.5-tonne structure is expected to melt. It's not known when the rest of the structure will melt. The structure is made up of a number of parts, including the solar panels. It was built in the 1960s and 1970s by the U.S. government.
Africa has a growing population, which is projected to double to 2.5 billion by 2050. With that has come an increased demand for the consumption of meat, of one variety in particular. Chicken is the first choice of meat for most Africans, says Kevin Lovell, chief executive of the South Africa Poultry Association.
PM flies to France to be with his father after being told he was seriously ill. French President Nicolas Sarkozy had arranged a helicopter to take Mr Cameron to the hospital so he could see his father. Ian Cameron, 77, was born with both legs deformed, and endured repeated operations to straighten them and ease his pain.
Homs was dubbed the "capital of the revolution" after residents embraced the call to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad in 2011. The government began a brutal two-year siege that left whole areas destroyed and eventually forced rebels to withdraw in 2014. Al-Wair, on the western outskirts, is the last rebel-held district.
Sarries beat Clermont Auvergne 28-17 at Murrayfield on Saturday. Chris Ashton opened the scoring in the 13th minute with his 37th try in the competition. Alex Goode scored the try which all but secured Saracens' second European crown.
Sculptor Graham Ibbeson said the plinth beneath the statue would be raised to about 5ft high (1.5m) He said: "We are not going to stop it. What we are going to do is make it a little more difficult" The statue shows the legendary former umpire raising his index finger to indicate a batsman is out.
Retail union USDAW predicts average household could be £580 a year worse off. Ex-chief executives of Tesco, Sainsbury's, Asda, Morrisons, M&S and B&Q warn prices will spike. Vote Leave rejects claims, saying EU membership has put up prices and hurt growth.
The former England midfielder, 37, retired at the end of last season. He will help United through their injury crisis and came off the bench for the final 31 minutes of Sunday's 3-2 win at Manchester City. Sir Alex Ferguson described Scholes as a "player of a lifetime" and admitted that replacing the midfielder would prove impossible.
It was the school's 18th title, won with the help of some 4,300 participants in the sumptuous parade. Fans of the samba school, which is rooted in Rio's Mangueira favela, screamed with joy as the results were read out.
CBI says UK government decision to cut subsidies for renewables will damage investment and jobs. Law firm Eversheds says Welsh government missed the boat by not doing enough when subsidies were in place. Welsh government spokesman says it did not have the same energy powers as Scotland, and defended its green energy record.
Supermarket Morrisons cut the price of diesel by up to 2p per litre. Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's followed the move with their own price cuts. The last time diesel was cheaper than petrol was 2001, according to analysis by Experian Catalyst.
Ireland's eighth place in Europe is their lowest placing since 2011. Sweden and Switzerland have been promoted to the Super League after finishing first and second in the competition. The final was held in Stockholm on Friday night and finished in a time of 1:49.02. It was the first time the event had been held in the city of Stockholm.
1.5 million of six million 18-24 year olds eligible to vote are not registered. A quarter of the eight million 25-35 year olds are also not registered to vote. Miliband said their "optimistic generation" can keep Britain in the EU. But Leave campaigner James Cleverly said Mr Miliband's comments would "fool no-one"
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said it was time to "put victims in the driving seat" Labour said of 16,300 complaints of rape made to the police in England and Wales in 2012-13, 5,400 were passed to the CPS. Labour said it intended to extend this to decisions by the police.
Chase Vodka is a luxury version of the spirit made from potatoes grown on his farm. He created and sold best-selling upmarket crisps brand Tyrrells. Mr Chase won a high-profile battle against supermarket giant Tesco. He says: "People love stories, the real stories behind things"
Syria missed Wednesday's deadline to hand over its entire stockpile. Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Mekdad said a shipment of weapons came under attack twice on its way from Damascus to the port of Latakia. He described as "absolutely unacceptable" US Secretary of State John Kerry's recent condemnation of the government's use of barrel bombs in Aleppo.
Maya Kantengule was found at the bottom of a swimming pool at Waveney River Centre holiday park in Burgh St Peter, Norfolk, on May 1 2016. She was declared dead later that day at James Paget University Hospital. South Norfolk Council environmental health officer Chris Coker said people swam at the centre at their own risk.
After two rain-hit days, Derbyshire added 75 runs to be bowled out for 275, visiting skipper Joe Leach taking 4-50. Former captain Mitchell then made 120, followed by 150 from D'Oliveira to help Worcestershire close on 323-3.
The overnight ban on the notes last week was intended to crack down on corruption. But it sparked scenes of chaos outside banks and ATMs. The government hopes this will bring cash worth billions of dollars in unaccounted wealth back into the economy. Many economists say the costs of such a one-time "flush" will be huge.
Oxford United beat Bradford City 1-0 in their League One clash. Chris Maguire struck a free-kick from 23 yards in stoppage time to give the U's victory. The Bantams had been undefeated in their first 15 games of the campaign. Billy Clarke missed a penalty in the 21st minute.
The Melton Fields project would have consisted of 510 houses and a care home. Villagers mounted a campaign against the development, with more than 1,200 people writing letters objecting to the plans. East Riding council rejected both proposals claiming the land had been earmarked for employment rather than residential use.
Wales, England and Australia can all still qualify for the quarter-finals. Only the top two in Pool A will go through. A Wallabies win will knock England out of the World Cup. Wales beat Fiji 23-13 on Thursday to move to the top of Pool A.
Hiddleston was speaking about his first Emmy nomination for The Night Manager. He said it was "fantastic" to be up for outstanding lead actor in a miniseries or movie. But speculation about his relationship with Swift has been rife in the press. The pair were snapped embracing near Swift's home in Rhode Island.
The Lord Chief Justice said a failure to do so could frustrate the rule of law. Sir Declan Morgan added that the government and Stormont Executive must address the issue urgently. There are 56 so-called legacy inquests involving 98 deaths, the LCJ said.
The hosts declared on their overnight score of 244-5, setting Notts a victory target of 386 in 96 overs at The Oval. Notts were 102-2 at lunch but collapsed spectacularly during the afternoon session, losing their final eight wickets in 53 minutes for just 38 runs. Zafar Ansari's devastating spell meant Brendan Taylor's 68 from 79 deliveries was in vain for Notts.
Gavin Sherriff and Darryl Smith worked for the Dundee-based Sunday Post. The street was famous for its many bars and pubs, constantly occupied by journalists. Mr Smith tells a tale of needing to speak to a colleague in the notorious El Vino wine bar.
The Barn Surgery in Christchurch was criticised by the Care Quality Commission. A new inspection found the practice had made a "significant number of improvements" The surgery is now rated "good" overall, the CQC said. But it still "requires improvement" in the assessment category for "being effective"
Singapore graduates are amongst the most ambitious in Asia when it comes to job and salary prospects. Economic growth forecasts for Singapore have been slashed in the wake of a weakening global economy. Singapore's education system has been criticised for not being well-rounded enough to create entrepreneurs.
David Alaba scores twice as Bayern Munich beat Stuttgart 2-1. Georg Niedermeier's own goal gave Pep Guardiola's side a half-time lead. Daniel Didavi pulled a goal back for the visitors. But Douglas Costa's long-range shot sealed the win for Bayern.
World number three Rory McIlroy shoots a one-under-par 71 at Erin Hills. World number one Rickie Fowler is one shot off the lead after a round of 73. England's Ian Poulter is joint-lowest on the leaderboard after a second round 68.
West Berkshire Council is setting up an emotional health academy to train psychology graduates and health professionals. It wants to greatly reduce the wait mental health patients face from 12 months to less than a week. Council hopes to launch the academy in April while contributing about Â£120,000 a year, with local schools matching its total.
Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service Cymru will be based at Caernarfon Airport. South and mid Wales have had the service since 2015 and it will launch in the north on Monday. Two "flying medics" helicopters are already based at Dafen and Welshpool.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in jail in September. She was arrested at Tehran Airport last April with her two-year-old daughter. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, has criticised the UK government for a lack of action. He believes his wife is being used as a bargaining chip in a diplomatic row.
The 43-year-old is bidding to win his fifth Open title at Royal Troon. He has done well on both previous trips to Troon, finishing tied 10th in 1997 and fourth in 2004, while he came third just down the Ayrshire coast at Turnberry in 2009. Nottinghamshire golfer partnered Masters champion Danny Willett on the Sunday at Augusta, then Dustin Johnson on the final day of the US Open.
The 32-year-old right-back has been with Arsenal since the age of eight. She has won nine league titles during her time at the club. Coach Pedro Martinez Losa said: "We are very pleased that Alex has signed a new contract with us"
A total of £345m will be invested in 31 Olympic and Paralympic sports. Cycling has had its funding cut by more than £4m to £25.98m. Archery, fencing, weightlifting and wheelchair rugby have also missed out. UK Sport has set Team GB a target of winning 51-85 Olympic medals.
Gentoo penguins tend to live in ice-free areas near Antarctica. They make special circular nest made out of stones, moss and feathers. Their steam-lined bodies mean they can swim up to 22 miles and hour underwater, faster than any other diving bird.
Emergency services were called to a blaze at a croft house in Kilmuir. When a search was later carried out a body was found. Police and fire officers were unable to enter the premises until it could be confirmed as structurally safe. The incident was not being treated as suspicious.
Hospital radiographer Aidan McNicholl, 36, died following the collision on the A5 at Cerrigydrudion on Sunday. Andreas Werner, 46, failed to spot the motorcyclist as he turned his VW Transporter right causing the fatal crash. The father-of-four pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving.
Financial stocks led the way, as momentum in Washington for an overhaul of bank regulations held up in advance of a preliminary vote on Thursday. Trade volume lessened, as investors trod with caution ahead of the UK general election and former FBI director James Comey's testimony in Washington. Energy stocks fared the worst, as oil prices slid following a new report that showed a rise in US production.
Allsop made his Premier League debut in November 2015. The 25-year-old has spent time on loan at Coventry and Wycombe. Cooke won the European Championship with England Under-17s in 2014. Blackpool have now signed nine players this summer.
Premiership                Inverness CT 0-0 Partick Thistle                Kilmarnock 3-2 Ross County                Motherwell 0-2 Rangers                St Johnstone 3-0 Hamilton Academical                Championship                Ayr United 1-4 Greenock Morton                Dunfermline Athletic 1-1 Dundee United                Queen of the South 0-1 Hibernian                Raith Rovers 1-3 Dumbarton                St Mirren 1-2 Falkirk                Celtic v Heart of Midlothian (13:00)
Prime Minister David Cameron attended the main celebration at Cleethorpes in North East Lincolnshire. It featured an aerobatic display by the Red Arrows, a Battle of Britain Memorial Flight and parachute display. The main celebration also included a display of military vehicles, including the Sandown-class mine countermeasures vessel HMS Blyth.
John Fell, from Cumbria, used 10kg of sausage meat and 1.5kg of breadcrumbs. The egg was boiled for two hours and it took another three hours to cook the meat. The existing record was set in 2008 in a London hotel when the snack produced weighed over 6kg.
Stuart Coffey, 44, transferred cash from Bracebridge Heath Medical Practice into his own account between 2008 and 2013. The surgery fell into rent arrears of £37,000 when Coffey left the practice. Coffey pleaded guilty to one count of fraud at Lincoln Crown Court. His barrister said he was "ashamed and disgusted with himself"
Riga replaces Karel Fraeye, who was sacked from his post as interim head coach on Wednesday. The 58-year-old spent three months in charge of the Addicks at the end of the 2013-14 campaign. Charlton are currently 23rd in the Championship table, three points from safety, and are on a run of 10 games without a win in all competitions.
Hardie, 27, is a Scotland international who has never played an international in Scotland. He has five caps being won in Turin, Paris, Gloucester, Newcastle and at Twickenham in that epic World Cup quarter-final against Australia. He was terrific at the World Cup, his dynamism and cleverness at the breakdown helping to protect and unleash the rapiers in his backline.
The hashtag #KamiTidakTakut has emerged in the aftermath of Thursday's attacks. A common meme, of a peace sign with a Jakarta landmark in its centre, was adapted from an image used on social media after the Paris attacks. Another popular hashtag was #JakartaBerani, which can be translated as "Jakarta is Brave"
Hutchinson is involved in metal design and manufacturing and laser cutting. A further 40 new jobs have been filled in the past nine months. The jobs will be recruited over the next three years. It is part of a Â£4.1m investment supported by Invest Northern Ireland.
Marijuana is not legal in South Dakota but the tribe has been permitted to grow and sell pot since June. The 400-member Santee Sioux tribe already runs a casino, hotel and ranch and hopes the resort will be a new revenue generator. It will open on New Year's Eve and only be sold on the reservation.
The Nevada State Athletic Commission (NAC) confirmed a one-off rule change to drop the glove size from 10oz. The move to allow lighter gloves came as a surprise as the 154lbs bout is considerably over the 147lbs limit at which 8oz gloves can be used. The lighter gloves have less padding over the knuckles and are believed to favour the heavier puncher.
Nearly 2,800 people have signed a petition against the sale of the allotments. Mole Valley Council will get Â£21m from the developer Barratt Homes. Campaigners say schools and doctors surgeries are "already full" Council leader Chris Townsend said the plans would provide more housing.
GB take on hosts Italy, Netherlands and Serbia between 11-14 February. The winners will progress to final qualifying for the 2018 Winter Games in PyeongChang in Korea. 17 of the squad who won a silver medal at the 2015 World Championship (Division 1B) in Netherlands are named on the roster.
Bay TV's chief executive said he hoped it would be sold as a going concern. The station, based in Toxteth, was set up as part of a government initiative three years ago. It continues to broadcast and can be viewed on Freeview and Virgin. The channel also covers arts, culture and religion.
Keshi was appointed head coach of Togo three times between 2004 and 2011. He will be most widely remembered for his feats with Nigeria. But he also will be associated deeply with Togo, who gave him his first coaching job. He pulled off a remarkable achievement to qualify for the 2006 World Cup finals.
A lady was knocked over during the theft in Market Street, Limavady. She suffered non life-threatening injuries and a 20-year-old man was detained. Supt John Magill commended the off-duty officers who were nearby. He said: "I feel that this is a perfect example of police officers continuing to keep people safe"
Officers called to Salford Royal Hospital at about 23:45 GMT on Friday. Staff reported a 28-year-old had been admitted with stab wounds to his neck, shoulder and chest. He had been helped to the hospital by friends after being attacked on Edward Street.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov re-iterated that "our experts concluded this was a terrorist attack" Russia suspended all flights to Egypt in the wake of the attack. UK also suspended flights to and from Sharm el-Sheikh. IS-affiliate Sinai Province said it had destroyed the plane because of Russian air strikes.
Morata, 23, joined Juventus in 2014, after four seasons with Real. The terms of his move to Italy included an option for Real to buy him back, with the fee reported to be up to 30m euros (£23m) He scored 27 goals in two years for Juventus, winning two Serie A titles.
Smart doorbell, connected camera, child toy and locator all found to be vulnerable to attacks. Default passwords and bad security practices could have leaked data. All four firms have acted on the warnings, tightened up code and closed loopholes. Industry initiatives have been created to educate gadget makers about secure coding.
Bemba, 53, was accused of failing to stop his rebels from killing and raping people in neighbouring Central African Republic. He had sent more than 1,000 fighters to help put down an attempted coup in 2002. It is the first time the ICC has focused on rape as a weapon of war.
Malala has recovered and continues to campaign for education. But there are still people back home in Pakistan who aren't happy about that. Newsround reporter Nel went to Birmingham to meet Malala and find out how her life has changed. The Taliban have tried to stop women and girls getting an education in Swat, Pakistan.
Chelsea beat Sunderland 1-0 to win the Premier League on Sunday. The win means the Blues are eight points clear at the top of the table. Didier Drogba played his final game for the club after announcing his intention to leave the club at the end of the season.
Rosberg can win the title by finishing second to Hamilton at the last two races of the season. Hamilton is 19 points adrift with a total of 50 available in Brazil and Abu Dhabi. Hamilton survived a scare at the start, when he ran wide at the first corner after locking a front tyre. But otherwise he was untroubled en route to his 51st career win. Red Bull's Max Verstappen, Sebastian Vettel and Daniel Ricciardo crossed the line in third.
Lawyers will challenge the government's right to start the process of withdrawing the UK from the EU without a vote in Parliament. Gina Miller, an investment manager and hairdresser, is leading the fight against the government. Around two million British citizens are believed to live and work in other EU countries.
The government increased the minimum wage from £6.70 to £7.20 an hour for workers aged 25 and over on 1 April. Seachill is one of the companies reviewing its pay arrangements. DIY chain B&Q came in for particular criticism from MPs for cutting staff pay.
Court in Moscow rejects defence lawyers' request to drop case against Alexei Navalny. He was detained at his home in Moscow earlier on Monday, ahead of anti-corruption demonstrations in Russia. Hundreds of people were held during the gatherings across the country. Mr Navalny intends to stand for the Russian presidency next year.
Hays reported an 11% rise in pre-tax profits to Â£173m for the year to 30 June. Its profits were driven by strong trading in Asia and the rest of Europe. The company said it had seen "no evidence" of any impact of the vote in markets outside the UK.
Ad-blockers have already been made available for Samsung phones. The new browser has begun rolling out for Android Lollipop or higher users. The move mirrors an update by Apple in September that allowed ad-blocking to be installed as extensions for the Safari browser. In November, 18% of British adults online were using some form of ad-blocker, according to a report.
The Conference Board's index of consumer attitudes fell by 8.3 points to 59.7 in March. The research group primarily blamed the fall on the US federal budget cuts that came into force at the start of this month.Separate data on Tuesday from the Commerce Department was more positive, showing a rise in durable goods sales.
The boys, then aged 10 and 11, lured their victims to a ravine and carried out a "sadistic" attack in Edlington, near Doncaster, in 2009. They were sentenced to five years' detention in 2010 and granted anonymity until the age of 18. High Court has now given them lifelong anonymity on the grounds they would be "at serious risk of attack"
During Euro 2012 and the 2014 World Cup domestic abuse calls rose by a third. West Yorkshire Police said the arrests were made between 30 May and 8 June. The force said the campaign was prompted by the "worryingly high volume of calls" England's first match in Euro 2016 is against Russia in Marseilles.
Sustrans is calling on people to take part in the Cymru Travel Challenge. It aims to get as many people travelling healthily and sustainably. A study in April showed that walking to work can cut cancer and heart disease. It is hoped the scheme will also improve people's health and wellbeing.
More than 100 Thames Valley officers executed warrants at eight properties. Three men from Oxford, aged 36, 34 and 37, have been released on police bail until 8 July. Four of the five charged men are due to appear at Oxford Magistrates Court on Thursday. They are:
Butterfield has a thigh injury while Olsson suffered a concussion in their 1-0 pre-season win at Sheffield United. Rams have six games in 20 days during August, but have few injury concerns other than Butterfield and Olsson. Derby drew with Brighton in both league meetings last season, but the Rams boss is happy with the level of preparation.
Kyle Edmund is leading the British team as Andy Murray sits out the tie on clay following his Wimbledon victory. Edmund made his debut in last year's final against Belgium as Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936. British number five James Ward takes on Dusan Lajovic, the world number 81, in Friday's second match.
The 25-year-old full-back moved to New Zealand Warriors for a world-record fee last year. He helped Wigan to a league and Challenge Cup double. Tomkins said he could not picture himself playing for another Super League club. His brother Joel returned to Warriors this season from Saracens.
Wigan move within a point of Wakefield Trinity, who stay in the fourth and last play-off spot. Ian Watson's Salford are only two points behind with four games left to play in the Super 8s. Five first-half Wigan scores laid the platform with two for Joe Burgess and tries from Sean O'Loughlin, Liam Farrell and Sam Powell.
Catherine Seeley was subjected to the abuse after she was co-opted as a Sinn Féin councillor in Craigavon, County Armagh. She thanked pupils at the Boys' Model School in the loyalist Ballysillan area for their "full support" She is to move to another education board area.
Scientists from Charles University, Prague, studied cubes of sand in the lab. They showed that areas squeezed by vertical stress are protected from erosion. But others are washed away. The shapes are controlled by internal stresses and strains within the rock. The key to the experiments was an unusual "locked sand" from a Czech quarry.
A yellow "be aware" warning has been issued for late Thursday into Friday for the Western and Northern Isles, Highlands and Argyll. Storm Abigail could bring gusts of 60 to 70mph, potentially rising to speeds of up to 80mph in exposed areas. The warning also applies to parts of Moray and Aberdeenshire.
A trial of more than 500 patients found that it did not prolong or improve their quality of life any more than other forms of treatment. More than 45,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer every year in the UK. Some scientists say there may still be a place for whole brain radiotherapy.
Eden Hazard was second, with Tottenham and England midfielder Dele Alli third. It follows Kante being voted the Professional Footballers' Association Player of the Year for 2016-17. The France international helped Leicester City win the Premier League title last season and is close to doing the same with Chelsea. Chelsea lead the table with a four-point advantage over second-placed Spurs.
Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medallist Taylor remains unbeaten as a professional, having outclassed Alfonso Olvera in Las Vegas in January. The Commonwealth super-lightweight champion defends his title against South Africa's Warren Joubert at Meadowbank on 24 March. The 26-year-old plans to then have one more fight before meeting Ricky Burns.
The Dons made an offer for the former St Johnstone forward in June. The deal was delayed after a managerial change at the Championship club. May will go straight into the squad for Saturday's Premiership visit to Ross County. The 24-year-old has one Scotland cap to his name.
At least seven people, including two police officers, have been killed in the clashes. Saudi forces have been trying since May to demolish the old quarter of Awamiya. Shia militants use its narrow streets as a hideout, activists say. The unrest is the latest in a series of anti-government protests in the region.
Gaziantep was hit by a suicide bombing on Saturday which killed 54 people. Turkey has also shelled Syrian Kurdish forces nearby, apparently to deter them from taking Jarablus themselves. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has said that IS should be "completely cleansed" from areas in northern Syria near its border.
The Lothians MSP said she had a mandate to change the party. She declined to say which of the four UK Labour leadership contenders she would vote for. But she said she would be "delighted" to work with any of them. She urged former supporters to give her a chance by listening to her arguments.
Beckie Allen, from Grimsby, found the replica ammonite shell at the base of a fence post in Scunthorpe's High Street East. The objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation Treasure City. Mrs Allen said her husband and two daughters helped to solve the mystery.
Pte Cheryl James, 18, from Llangollen, Denbighshire, was found with a bullet wound to her head in Surrey in 1995. Her parents said a dispute over the ballistics evidence could only be resolved if her body is exhumed. Coroner Brian Barker QC said he would wait for a doctor's report before making a decision.
John Leathem, 31, has appeared in court charged with murdering Paige. He was fully committed for trial at Dumbarton Sheriff Court on Friday. He made no plea or declaration and was returned to custody. Paige's body was found in a wooded area in Clydebank at lunchtime on 21 March.
The St Athan Search and Rescue Helicopter Service was officially launched on Thursday. From its £7m Vale of Glamorgan base, it will conduct land and sea missions previously carried out by the RAF. The 30-person team will be on 24-hour call and cover an area that runs roughly between mid Wales, Bude in Cornwall and Oxford.
The Irish Athletic Boxing Association's Central Council decided that Dunne's super-heavyweight pick Dean Gardiner should fight national champion Martin Keenan in a box-off to earn a place in Ukraine. There is also a difference of opinion between Dunne and the Central Council over whether national champion Dean Walsh or Ballymena's Rio Olympian Steven Donnelly should be the choice at welterweight.
Bethany Haines says she hopes her father's body will be returned to his family. The 17-year-old said: "IS need to be eradicated. They can't be doing this to people and get away with it" Her father was killed by IS while carrying out aid work with refugees in Syria.
Laurie Evans provided late impetus with an unbeaten 70 off 53 balls as they posted a total of 283-7 at Edgbaston. Tom Westley made 61 for Essex and Ryan ten Doeschate was last to go for 50 as they were all out for 213. Warwickshire will now be at home to Somerset - who beat Worcestershire by nine wickets.
Haiti has been mired in political crisis since the disputed first round on 25 October. Mr Privert was appointed in February for a six-month term. He filled the vacancy left by former President Michel Martelly, who stepped down with no successor after the suspension of elections last year.
Both recorders, known as the "black boxes", are crucial to discovering why the Airbus A320 came down on 19 May, killing all 66 people on board. The data recorder is usually located in the plane's tail along with the voice recorder, which had to be salvaged in stages on Thursday.
"It's time for us to take back control of our country," says British Prime Minister David Cameron. "We are not going to let this country fall into the hands of terrorists," he says. The UK is one of the few countries in the world that has taken steps to counter the threat of terrorism.
Government introduced fees in 2013 to reduce the number of malicious and weak cases. Trade union Unison argued that the fees prevented workers getting access to justice. Supreme Court also found fees were indirectly discriminatory to women. Unison general secretary Dave Prentis said: "This is absolutely a tremendous victory"
Sosha Makani has been banned from football for six months. Committee in charge of morality of Iran's football federation said it was against Islamic values. But committee chief Mahboub Afrasiabi said the matter would be dealt with after Ramadan. Social media users have been voicing anger at what they see as the systematic targeting of public figures.
The American won Saturday's downhill event in Altenmarkt Zauchensee. It equalled Annemarie Moser-Proll's record tally of 36 World Cup downhill wins. Vonn now has 73 overall World Cup wins - 13 short of Ingemar Stenmark's record.
The safety guidance comes on Back to the Future day. A transporter on charge in a bedroom in Southwark caught fire on 11 October. Earlier in the month, a device exploded in Morden. The cause of both fires is still under investigation whilst the devices are tested.
Scotland face Afghanistan in Nagpur on the opening day of the tournament. Ireland begin their campaign against Oman in Dharamsala on Wednesday. England play Sri Lanka in Mumbai in their first match on 16 March. 58 matches will be played across eight venues over four weeks.
The London derby will kick off at 17:15 BST on Saturday, 22 April. Chelsea beat holders Manchester United 1-0 on Monday to reach the semi-finals. Tottenham thrashed League One side Millwall 6-0 in their quarter-final. It is the third meeting between the sides the season - Chelsea won 2-1 at Stamford Bridge in November.
Two men were ordered to pay more than £4,000 in fines for falling from a balcony. The men were injured when the balcony gave way on their way to work. One of the men suffered a head injury and is still in pain. The other man suffered a hand injury and had to be taken to hospital.
Sir Vince is leading an online course on economics and politics with the University of Nottingham. The Politics of Economics and The Economics of Politicians will be available on Futurelearn from 20 March. He says that the current rise of nationalism, populism and the push for protectionism are the direct fallout from the economic hangover from the recession.
Derby City Council wants to shut Moorways Pool from April. Labour-led authority needs to save Â£79m over the next three years. It said it had found the savings by making cuts in other areas. Campaigners who gathered more than 4,000 signatures on a petition said they were delighted.
Stephen McKee, now 25, was jailed for murdering west Belfast greengrocer Harry Holland in September 2007. The 65-year-old was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver near his Norfolk Drive home. He is now eligible for a pre-release scheme designed to prepare prisoners for full release back into the community.
The firm, which controls two-fifths of the Scotch whisky industry, reported Scotch sales down 5% by volume. Single malts from Scotland continued their rise, led by the Singleton in the US and Taiwan. American whiskey sales were also strengthened by apple-flavoured bottlings.
More than 2,000 people have signed a petition calling for the islands to be returned to the UK. The islands were taken over by the U.S. in the 1960s to be used as a military base. They are now being used by the British government as a tourist destination.
Manchester by the Sea is nominated for five Golden Globe awards. Star of Bourne franchise, Matt Damon, pulls out of both roles. Affleck plays Boston janitor Lee, who returns home to take care of nephew. Film written and directed by Kenneth Lonergan, nominated for an Oscar.
The crew of the vessel were released without a ransom. It is the first hijack off Somalia's coast since 2012. The vessel was carrying oil and was sailing under the flag of the United Arab Emirates. The crew were on their way to Djibouti when they were attacked.
Nine local authorities reported having no long-term foster carers from minority ethnic groups last year. In 2015-16, 84% of long- Term Foster Carers were white compared with about 77% of fostered children. Age, marital status, ethnicity and sexuality will not exclude someone from being a foster carer.
A fire was started when the building was broken into sometime between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning. The museum is located in the Bogside, close to where some of the 14 victims of Bloody Sunday were killed in 1972. The Northern Ireland Fire Service is treating the fire as deliberate. The police have appealed for information.
Coppergate in York can only be used by buses, taxis and permit holders between 08:00 and 18:00. Drivers breaking the rules will receive a penalty notice of up to Â£60. City of York Council was forced to pay back fines after a tribunal ruled errors in the signs on Coppergate meant the restrictions were not enforceable.
BMW reported pre-tax profits of 3bn euros (Â£2.5bn), a 27% jump from the same period in 2016. The car manufacturer also cited improved earnings from its Chinese joint venture, BMW Brilliance Automotive, for its higher profits. BMW is due to publish its detailed first-quarter results on 4 May.
Researchers looked at health data collected from a large US study of working and retired female nurses. Participants had been asked to rate how optimistic they perceived themselves to be on a scale of zero to 24. The healthy women, who ranged in age from 58 to 83, were monitored over the next eight years.
The routes will be operated by 33-seat Saab 340 aircraft. Scottish airline believes the flights will attract passengers working in the offshore energy industries. Durham Tees Valley chief executive Steve Gill said it was a "real shot in the arm for the airport" and good news for the business community.
Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of opening fire at Fort Lauderdale airport, killing five people and injuring six others. He is charged with carrying out an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death, which carries a maximum punishment of execution. Authorities said they did not know why he chose this target and that terrorism had not been ruled out.
The US posted annualised growth of 2.6% for the fourth quarter. The figure was weaker than the 5% growth in the third quarter of 2014. The dramatic slide in fuel prices in recent months has put more money in consumers' pockets and allowed them to spend more. For 2014 as a whole, the economy expanded by 2.4% - better than the 2.2% in 2013.
Scientists have produced the most detailed map yet of the scale and potential of this hidden resource. Total volume of water in aquifers underground is 100 times the amount found on the surface. Scientists are cautious about the best way of accessing these hidden resources. They suggest that widespread drilling of large boreholes might not work.
Patrick Bauer and Nathan Byrne helped Karl Robinson's men complete a perfect smash and grab, cancelling out Zach Clough's free-kick. The Addicks were a man short from the 12th minute onwards following Lewis Page's red card. After Page was sent off for a professional foul on Josh Vela, Clough then made the punishment count double with his ninth goal of the season. But Robinson's side refused to lie down, equalising on 23 minutes when Jake Forster-Caskey's free kick was turned in at the far post by defender Bauer. And the Addicks then grabbed a shock lead in first-
Tight-head Rae, 22, has committed himself to the Warriors until May 2019. The loose-head has spent most of this season playing for Premiership side Melrose. Glasgow visit third-placed Ospreys in the Pro12 on Sunday. Fellow Scot Bhatti, 23, has agreed professional terms with Glasgow for next season.
Ireland coach Joe Schmidt has called up Ian Madigan, Craig Gilroy and uncapped Connacht duo Tiernan O'Halloran and Matt Healy. Leinster fly-half Sexton was injured in Saturday's Pro12 final defeat by Connacht and requires surgery. Ireland face the Springboks in the first Test in Cape Town on 11 June.
One lane in each of the Brynglas tunnels in Newport was blocked due to flooding. Dyfed-Powys Police reported a number of flooded roads in Powys, Pembrokeshire and Carmarthenshire. Chief forecaster said a greater risk of localised flooding than normal might be expected given the already saturated ground.
Wimbledon takes place over two weeks and it's the only major championship still played on grass. There are 128 places available in the draw for both men and women. The fastest Wimbledon serve of all time was delivered by Taylor Dent in 2010 - it clocked an amazing 148mph.
The McGill's 904 service went up in flames just outside Largs on the A760 Kilbirnie Road at about 13:35 on Saturday. A woman whose partially-sighted mother was on board later thanked the driver for keeping everyone safe. Police Scotland said the road was closed for a time but later re-opened.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh were both ranked among the ten most affected cities. Both cities are also among the best-placed to respond to any predicted economic turbulence. UK government said it was committed to securing a "bold and ambitious" free trade deal. Scottish and Welsh government ministers have met in Cardiff to discuss Brexit legislation.
Fishermen and boat-owners drafted in to aid the evacuation of Calampiso. Mayor of nearby San Vito Lo Capo appeals for help from "anyone with safe and reliable boats" No reports of injuries, but witnesses describe running to the beach as their accommodation burned.
The Right Reverend Rachel Treweek, 53, has taken over from The Right Reverend Michael Perham after his retirement. Two women bishops have already been appointed, but Bishop Treweek is the first woman to run a diocese. She was presented with her pastoral staff and placed in her bishop's chair.
Alassane Ouattara has been in power since his predecessor, Laurent Gbagbo, was forcibly removed from after refusing to recognise his victory in the 2010 presidential election. The poll was meant to draw a line under a 2002-03 civil war which left the country split in two, but it led to a stalemate.
Technology is "transforming the meetings and events space," says Eventbrite's Renaud Visage. Event apps and location technology make it easier for brands to showcase their wares online as well as in the venue. At this year's SXSW more than 1,000 iBeacons were installed around the venue to establish visitors' exact locations.
Justin Tipuric's fine try put Ospreys 7-0 up at half-time. Dan Biggar's late penalty sealed the victory for the visitors. Osprey have now won 28 of the 30 Welsh derbies they have participated in. Dragons head coach Kingsley Jones: "It's a disappointed changing room"
I was a little surprised by all the fuss over Cock brand fireworks. India is no stranger to comical brand names. Every nation is home to some unfortunately named products. The history of these names is in some ways the history of a nation's soul. Products of today have rejected the tyranny of grammar and logic.
GM will stop selling cars in South Africa, and sell its manufacturing business there to Isuzu Motors. The firm is aiming to make significant savings through these steps. GM had planned to invest $1bn in India to boost its domestic presence, but its sales figures fell below below 1% in the year ended in March 2017.
The 29-year-old Scot has signed a two-year contract with the Gloucestershire outfit. Graham had spells at six other Scottish sides, including Dundee United, St Johnstone and Ross County. He will be available for Saturday's league visit of Crawley Town.
Cardiff striker Zohore has scored nine goals in his last 10 league games. Warnock believes his management has been key in getting the best out of the Denmark U21 striker. Cardiff beat Ipswich Town 3-1 at the Cardiff City Stadium on Saturday. Zohores double helped Cardiff to their first win in the Championship this season.
Pte Matthew Boyd, 20, was off-duty when he was killed in Brecon. He was punched and beaten by Jake Vallely, 24, before his body was found. Jury cleared his friend Aaeron Evans of manslaughter after he was told he was not present during the attack.
The Prince of Wales and his wife Camilla visited Brixton. It was the first time they had been to the area since the 1980s. They were joined by a group of local children who were also visiting. The visit was part of the Prince's Regeneration Trust's work.
Hundreds of whales have beached themselves at Farewell Spit, on the South Island of New Zealand. Hundreds of locals and conservation department staff have been trying to save the survivors since early Friday morning. Scientists do not know what exactly causes whales to beach themselves. It sometimes happens because the whales are old and sick, injured, or make navigational errors.
Scotland face Slovenia at Hampden Park on Sunday. Gordon Strachan's side sit fifth in Group F after four games. Scotland have lost back-to-back games against Slovakia and England. Scotland drew 1-1 with Canada in a friendly at Easter Road on Wednesday. McGhee says no-one should read too much into a disappointing friendly.
Surrey beat Warwickshire by one wicket at Edgbaston. Jonathan Trott scored 41st century of his first-class career. But the Bears were bowled out for 91, either side of tea, to follow-on 363 runs in arrears. They take just a single point from the match.
The males, two aged 17 and one 19, from north-west London, were reported missing in March amid fears they were planning to travel to Syria. The teenagers, who have not been named, were bailed while police carried out further inquiries. Scotland Yard said they were all released without charge on Monday 8 June.
The reviews are part of HMIC's annual inspection of England and Wales' 43 forces. South Wales and Gwent police forces were ranked "good" North Wales saw a 17.4% cut in crime over the last five years. Police and crime commissioner: "The challenge now is to build further still"
Ministers have approached heads of successful schools and academy trusts about taking over other schools where there have been concerns. This could include taking schools away from local authority control, converting them into academies - directly funded by central government. Another option would be for some or all of the council's education and children's services to be hived off to an independent trust.
Belhanda becomes Galatasaray's third signing of the season after Maicon and Bafetimbi Gomis. The 27-year-old spent last season on loan at Ligue 1 side Nice. He was part of the Montpellier side that won the French Ligue1 title in 2012.
Paul Chambers, 27, from Doncaster, was convicted in May 2011 of sending a "menacing electronic communication" He claimed it was a joke and wants his conviction and sentence quashed. Stephen Fry, who was at the High Court hearing, said it was "very important" for freedom of speech.
Swedish software consultancy Crisp decided that no boss was needed. Staff decided that many of the chief executive's responsibilities overlapped with those of the board. The firm holds four-day meetings for all staff two to three times a year. Crisp regularly measures staff satisfaction, and the average is about 4.1 out of five.
The pilot was unable to check whether landing gear had deployed and the failure of the cabin PA system. Air Accident Investigation Branch concluded the initial fault was caused by a loose connection. Jet2 has included a procedure within its manual which will better-prepare pilots in the event of a repeat.
Lancashire batsman Livingstone one of five uncapped players named. Mason Crane, Dawid Malan, Tom Curran and Craig Overton are the other four players yet to make their debut. Three-match series starts in Southampton on 21 June. Moeen Ali, Jake Ball, Adil Rashid, Joe Root and Ben Stokes have been rested.
Musgrove Park Hospital said the cause of the "technical issues" in the hired facility was being investigated. The use of the mobile facility was ceased when the issues were discovered. All affected patients have been spoken to and care plans are now in place for their ongoing treatment, a hospital spokesperson said.
The "Freital Group" consists of seven men and a woman. They are accused of targeting refugees and left-wing groups in 2015. The women have confessed to carrying out the attacks, while the men refused to speak in court. They face life imprisonment if found guilty of attempted murder, and up to 10 years if found to be part of a terrorist group.
Wales receives Â£1.8bn in structural funds from the EU. Most of the cash is spent in north Wales, west Wales and the south Wales valleys. Mr Cairns said European policies did not have a "connection" with the public. He told the BBC's Sunday Politics Wales the funding had not had an impact.
Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was born in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on 1 April 1952. He studied in the US and also visited Britain "four or five times" during the 1970s. He described himself as the former director of Libya's Centre for Strategic Studies. His role gave him cover to act as an intelligence officer for the Libyan Intelligence Services.
Unesco has called for an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council. The region under IS control in Iraq has nearly 1,800 of Iraq's 12,000 registered archaeological sites. IS have controlled Mosul, Iraq's second largest city, since June 2014. The US military have said that an assault on the city by the Iraqi army could happen within months.
Lancashire was badly hit by floods. Water sports fans found that it was even deep enough to jet-ski and canoe close to a bus stop. The video has gone viral, with more than 1,300 shares and 114,000 views on social media.Remember floods are dangerous, and you should never go into flood water.
TalkTalk lost 101,000 subscribers in its third quarter after the attack. The data haul netted email addresses, names and phone numbers. 21,000 unique bank account numbers and sort codes were accessed. There have been six arrests in the UK connected with the hacking, all of them of individuals under 21.
The Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) said it had identified 33 local areas where pubs would not face sufficient competition after the deal. Heineken, which already owns 1,100 pubs, must submit plans to the CMA by 20 June or face an in-depth inquiry.
The Oil and Gas Technology Centre will help small firms develop new technology. It will also act as a bridge between the big oil firms and the smaller firms. The centre is based at Robert Gordon University in Aberdeen. It is part of a wider plan to improve the North Sea oil and gas industry.
Sunderland's Adnan Januzaj has suffered ankle ligament damage. The 21-year-old picked up the injury against Crystal Palace on Saturday. The Belgian is on loan at the Stadium of Light from Manchester United. He has scored one goal in seven appearances for the Black Cats.
Ryan Thomas McManus, 31, from Ava Street in Belfast and Ryan Milligan, 29, from Manse Road in Dundrum were given seven-year terms for over 40 drugs offences. They will serve half their terms in prison and half on licence. A third man on charges died on Tuesday.
Schools are asked to create a dedicated page on their school website. Send the web address (or URL) to schoolreport@bbc.co.uk and we will link to it from the map of participating schools. Then, on School Report News Day on 16 March 2017, schools can upload their reports to their websites.
A team from Cardiff University has spent the last month excavating Caerau hill fort near Ely. It is smaller than its contemporaries at Pentyrch and Pontprennau and had been thought to be inferior in status. But structures and artefacts so far unearthed suggest the fort remained important well into the Roman era.
Up to eight shots struck the passenger side of the car parked at Rossnareen Avenue, at about 18:50 GMT on Thursday. Two male officers who were in the car were not injured but were said to have been badly shaken. Police described the gun used in the attack as "accurate firing"
Kids Company provided practical, emotional and educational support to some of the most deprived and vulnerable inner-city children and young people in London, Liverpool and Bristol. It was founded in 1996 by Camila Batmanghelidjh. Charity has been beset by problems, including allegations of financial mismanagement and accusations by former staff.
Filipe Nyusi won the presidential election in October 2014 and was inaugurated in January 2015. He took 57% of the vote, well ahead of his nearest rival Afonso Dhlakama, the leader of the main opposition Mozambique National Resistance (Renamo) party, with 37%.Renamo - which fought Frelimo in a long civil war which ended in 1992 - disputed the result.
Bristol City Council has been paying Park-and-Ride (PRL) for 14 years. The site on the outskirts of Bristol was built in 1997 and leased to PRL. Council subsidised it for the first six years, but after that the service was not profitable and the council ended up running the buses.
Some families will be almost Â£3,000 a year worse off under the new rules. The changes affect families who claim tax credits and Universal Credit. Department for Work and Pensions called the current benefits structure "unsustainable and not fair to the taxpayer and families who support themselves solely through work"
The Institute for Public Policy Research Scotland published a report. It called for a skills system "with a much clearer national focus" Scotland has the highest proportion of people paid the UK's living wage. The report also called for regional integration of learning to encourage people to learn at their own pace.
Tanzanian Ahmed Ghailani, 36, was found guilty in November of conspiracy to damage or destroy US property with explosives. Charges related to the 1998 bombing of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. US Attorney General Eric Holder said the life sentence demonstrated the ability of the US justice system to hold terrorists accountable for their actions.
Kadeem Harris has signed a three-and-a-half year contract with Wycombe. The 18-year-old has established himself in the Wycombe team this season. Malky Mackay has failed in his attempts to prize Craig Noone from Brighton. Blackpool's Matt Phillips has also been rejected.
EDF's board narrowly agreed to press ahead with the project. UK government surprised company officials by saying it needed several weeks to consider before signing. Decision to delay is widely thought to have come from Theresa May. Chinese ambassador Liu Xiaoming has warned that the relationship between the two countries is at risk.
Jamie Bishop was a left-handed batsman who represented Wales at minor county level. Glamorgan cricket club chief executive Hugh Morris described him as "a hugely talented cricketer" South Wales Police is not treating the death as suspicious. Tributes were also paid on social media, from sporting figures including Steve James and Edward Bevan.
Shiraz Maher is a Senior Fellow at the International Centre for the Study of Radicalisation (ICSR), King's College London. He says killing jihadist leaders is an established policy, although its efficacy as a strategy is not always clear. The most famous example of this approach, of course, came with the raid to kill Osama bin Laden.
The 30-year-old joined Bolton Wanderers on loan in January. He helped the club to promotion from League One this season. He was out of contract at Cardiff this summer and moves on a free transfer. He says Bolton is his'spiritual home' at the moment.
The League One side were ahead after just three minutes as Williams scored with a low left-foot shot. Rovers went two clear with 20 minutes remaining when Williams netted from close range after a defensive error from a corner by Oliver Crowley. Bohan Dixon was unlucky to see his 20-yard free-kick tipped round the post by Doncaster keeper Thorsten Stuckmann.
Collymore withdraws from the role after meeting with the club's owners. He says he wants the club to be "in safe hands, competitive and in the top division" Forest are currently 19th in the Championship, five points above the relegation zone. The club has been given permission by the council to keep the City Ground.
Richie Mathers posted images of grazes to his body on Twitter. Widnes claim injuries are more likely the result of the icy conditions. The Rugby Football League say their match commissioner had no concerns about the surface, which is the first artificial pitch ever to be used in the sport.
Banes agreed it had to save £2.6m from its £351m budget in 2010-11. It also approved plans to spend £200m over five years in projects. The presentation is being held on 22 February at the Key Centre in Keynsham.
Robertson-McCoy is Irish qualified through his grandfather, who hails from Mowhan in Co Armagh. The 22-year-old has played for the Auckland Blues Development side as well as Northland in the ITM Cup. "I believe he has huge potential," said Connacht coach Pat Lam.
Angus Carpenter, of Liverpool, denied three counts of fraud. 62-year-old was found guilty of one count when he played with a Hillsborough Justice Campaign banner draped on his bagpipes in April 2015. Carpenter said he had piped for the charity in the past but on this occasion he was simply busking.
Some 70,000 offenders were ordered to do unpaid work in 2014. In one case, an offender had completed just 16 hours in the 17 months since he had been sentenced. The Ministry of Justice said it was acting on the report's recommendations. The report outlined 15 recommendations for improvement.
The Lions lost the opening Test against New Zealand 30-15 on Saturday. The second Test against the All Blacks is on Saturday, 1 July. George North and Jonathan Joseph will both start against the Hurricanes, while Jack Nowell is at full-back. George Kruis is on the bench having played the whole 80 minutes of the first Test. Julian Savea, Jordie Barrett and Ngani Laumape are released back to the Hurricanes.
Hello is the lead single from Adele's third album, 25, which is due out on 20 November. It topped the iTunes chart in 102 countries, and the album topped the pre-order chart in 93 countries. It is expected to have the biggest opening week of the year, beating Ellie Goulding's Love Me Like You Do.
Shaun Ritchie, 20, was last seen with friends at a remote woodland area near Strichen on the night of Friday 31 October into the Saturday morning. Police Scotland said it had been one of the biggest ever search operations carried out by the force. There was no evidence, said the police, that he had been the victim of a crime.
The new contracts were due to be signed in January but were delayed. The new contracts are expected to be completed by the end of the year. The contracts will be worth an estimated £1.5 million. The contract will cover the cost of a new car for each of the new workers.
Ms Wood blamed the Conservatives in particular for claiming the SNP posed a threat to the future of the UK. She claimed "progressive" parties like hers were offering a "collaborative" alternative to "combative" politics. Ms Wood added that she had received "hundreds" of supportive messages from people in England following the televised debates.
Norwegian researchers report that the sea ice is becoming significantly thinner and more vulnerable. Last month, the annual thaw of the region's floating ice reached the lowest level since satellite monitoring began, more than 30 years ago. The melt is set to continue for at least another week - the peak is usually reached in mid-September.
Jahed Choudhury, 24, married Sean Rogan at Walsall Register Office. He shared his story on YouTube and said he had been threatened online and in the street. The couple said they had also received messages of support and would continue to share their story.
Cornwall ran into a 20-5 lead after 30 minutes thanks to two tries from Billy Searle either side of a Neilson Webber score, as Matt Noble replied. Cheshire will face Cornwall in the final after they beat Lancashire 27-11 in their decisive clash at Fylde.
Developers claim it is the first time in the UK that "augmented reality" has been used in this way. The original launch of the app in August was delayed after key figures for tourists to follow were altered. Next year marks 150 years since Alice in Wonderland was first published.
Fifty people were on the bus when it was hit at Drayton, at 00:30 GMT. One of the three people taken to hospital sustained serious but non life-threatening injuries. The southbound carriageway has been reopened but investigations are continuing.
Adur and Worthing councils say the Â£69m proposal is not fit for purpose. They want a fresh consultation with updated plans. Highways England says the improvements are the "best achievable option" The proposal focuses on traffic signalling and road widening on six junctions.
Fifa ethics committee found Blatter and Platini had demonstrated an "abusive execution" of their positions. They were found guilty of breaches surrounding a £1.3m "disloyal payment" made to Platini in 2011. Both men continue to deny wrongdoing and intend to appeal to the Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas)
"Surprising find" in Avebury is thought to be one of the site's earliest structures. The square of megaliths appears to have been erected around the remains of a Neolithic house. The vast 330m (1,082ft) wide stone circle of Avebury was built between 2850 BC and 2200 BC.
Woman, 22, suffered "life-changing" injuries in the attack on Sunday. The dog, believed to be an American pit bull, is now in kennels. A 33-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of having a dangerous dog. The maximum penalty for owning a banned dog is a Â£5,000 fine.
Wales lost 1-0 to Nottingham Panthers in the Challenge Cup final on Sunday. The result leaves the Panthers two points clear at the top of the Elite League. The Welsh side have five games remaining, including the play-off final on May 28. The final is at Twickenham on May 31.
Josh Hadfield, 10, from Frome in Somerset, developed narcolepsy after receiving the Pandemrix vaccine six years ago. He was awarded the money after appealing against the government which had initially refused to pay as he was not "severely disabled" enough. His mother Caroline said winning was a "huge relief"
Rother District Council said temporary RNLI lifeguard service would "reassure the public and advise on safety" It follows the deaths on Wednesday of the five men in their teens and 20s from south-east London. Relatives have criticised the lack of lifeguards at Camber.
Dyfed-Powys Police received about 30 reports over the weekend. Gwent Police had 18 reports, including clowns "peering through windows" South Wales Police put out a warning after receiving complaints. Officers were looking into some of the reports, but no arrests have been made.
Anthony McIntyre was one of the main researchers on Boston College's oral history project on the Troubles. PSNI wants the material as part of their investigation into alleged terrorist offences. Mr McIntyre's lawyers say the tapes only contain details of offences for which he had already served a prison sentence. A full hearing is expected to take place in November.
Ecuele Manga last featured for Cardiff in their 2-1 defeat at Fulham. The 27-year-old is out of hospital and will return to training later this week. Cardiff manager Russell Slade believes Manga may have malaria. The Welsh club are currently 11th in the Premier League table.
Wolverhampton Wanderers beat Cambridge United 2-1 in their League Two clash. Helder Costa opened the scoring on his first start for the club. Jed Wallace added a second seven minutes later. Medy Elito replied for League Two's bottom side. James Henry had a penalty saved just before the hour.
MEP says he has the support of the majority of UKIP members. But some say the entire selection process should have been handled in Wales. He says those who say he fails to represent the rank-and-file are talking "nonsense" Despite being an MEP, Mr Gill doesn't see himself as part of a political class.
Frank MacDonald, 44, was between the B976 South Deeside Road and B974 Cairn o'Mount road. The vehicles involved were a blue Suzuki GSXR motorcycle and a grey Toyota Hilux. Police have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
The Buglife conservation charity says the recent period of damp weather has seen the numbers of bees, wasps, moths and butterflies shrink in 2012. This year saw the wettest April-June quarter on record and further heavy rain in July. The wet weather has been good news for some insects, such as the crane fly, drone fly and mosquitoes as well as slugs and snails.
The prospect of extending bombing strikes into Syria from Iraq has taken on a reluctant inevitability. But for the prime minister, with this, his third big foreign intervention - Libya, Iraq, now Syria - pulling together a wider plan is a far more complex task. For Labour too though the months ahead will be wracked with tensions that have been wound even tighter by the last few days' events.
Security camera footage shows the suspect taking a weapon out of his backpack and shooting. Israeli security forces have launched a massive manhunt for the gunman. Four of the wounded had suffered serious injuries, a police spokesman said. It is not immediately clear what motivated the shooting, which follows a wave of Palestinian attacks against Israelis over the past few months.
Sony says it has no plans to make a successor to the PRS-T3 e-reader. The Japanese firm has been selling e-books through rival Kobo since February. The global market for dedicated e-readers is expected to fall from 23 million in 2011 to 10 million by 2017.
Israel said they were necessary to prevent weapons being smuggled in. It said it plans to replace them with less obtrusive surveillance. Muslim leaders have called on worshippers to continue boycotting the sacred compound for now. There were deadly clashes after the metal detectors were set up, which Palestinians saw as an Israeli attempt to assert control.
Last year serious floods hit north and mid Wales, and one woman died. Environment Minister John Griffiths announced that the Welsh government plans to spend £47m in 2013/14 on schemes to protect 1,000 homes. However, that is likely to be less than the amount spent on flood defences and dealing with coastal erosion in the previous two years.
Chelsea lead the Premier League table with 59 points from 14 games. Tottenham are second, with Manchester United in third and Arsenal in fourth. Chelsea face Burnley at Turf Moor on Sunday at 13:30 GMT. The Clarets have won their last seven games at home in all competitions.
The German shepherd bit a 28-year-old man in Eston on 6 June. The man suffered puncture wounds on his arm and upper body and was taken to hospital. Cleveland Police has apologised and referred itself to the Independent Police Complaints Commission. A police spokesman said: "Based on an assessment of the animal it has been put to sleep"
Eugene convinced 33% of the judges at the Royal Society in London that it was human. Event has been labelled as "historic" by the organisers, who claim no computer has passed the test before. But some artificial intelligence experts have disputed the victory, suggesting the contest had been weighted in the chatbot's favour.
Hannah Miley, Camilla Hattersley, Robbie Renwick, Ross Murdoch, Stephen Milne, Dan Wallace, Duncan Scott and Craig Benson will travel to Brazil. There is no place for Michael Jamieson, the 27-year-old who won a silver medal in the 200m breaststroke at the 2012 Olympics. Scottish swimmers make up 31% of the Team GB swim team for Rio.
El Shehaby was booed by the crowd after failing to bow to his opponent. The Egyptian had come under pressure from some conservative voices in his homeland. The International Olympic Committee said it was looking into the incident. "The Olympic movement should be about building bridges, not erecting walls"
Inverness beat Hamilton Academical 2-1 in the Scottish Championship. Brad McKay and Greg Tansey scored the goals for the home side. Danny Redmond scored a late consolation for the Accies. Ali Crawford thought he had won a penalty for a challenge by Ryan Esson. But the referee did not point to the spot.
Up until 1994 it was ruled by a white minority which enforced a separation of races with its policy called apartheid. The democratically-elected leadership encouraged reconciliation and set about redressing social imbalances. The leader of the ruling African National Congress party, Jacob Zuma, was chosen president by the newly-elected parliament in May 2009.
Technology can identify inside a living brain clumps of a protein called tau. It could lead to new ways of diagnosing the condition and of testing the effectiveness of new drugs. The research is at an early stage, but it could eventually lead to an actual test for Alzheimer's disease.
No British woman has won Wimbledon singles title since Virginia Wade in 1977. Johanna Konta is leading the odds despite only reaching the second week for the first time. Chris Evert and Tim Henman are among those to say they think she can win. British number two Heather Watson believes she can also win at SW19.
Government wants every home and business to be offered a smart meter by the end of 2020. That requires 53 million meters to be fitted in over 30 million premises over the next four years. A new body, the Data and Communications Company (DCC), was set up to create the infrastructure to handle all that information. But the huge IT project has suffered a series of delays.
Four DUP MLAs proposed a plan to introduce free parking for the first 30 minutes. Infrastructure Minister Chris Hazzard said their motion was based on "seriously misguided logic" Sinn Féin amendment called for a review of on-street parking arrangements. Mr Hazzards said he was "minded" to implement the review.
Two activists involved in producing the document say it named Mark Clarke. The activist, who says he was himself a victim of bullying, told BBC Newsnight that the dossier was given by Ben Howlett, now an MP, to Lord Feldman. Lord Feldman insists he was not aware of any complaints before August 2015.
The 56ft (17.1m) converted trawler was 6 miles (10 km) west of South Stack. A pump on board the boat was unable to cope with the water coming in. RNLI lifeboat crew placed a pump and towed the vessel to Holyhead.
The County Down school led 0-9 to 0-4 at half-time. Rian O'Neill top-scored for the winners with 0-7, while Cian McConville contributed 0-2. Tiernan Kelly recorded three points for St Ronan's. St Mary's Magherafelt and St Paul's Bessbrook must replay their semi-final.
Russian cosmonauts completed the attachment in a six-hour spacewalk on Monday. It followed an aborted installation attempt in December. The cameras will be operated by the Canadian Urthecast company. It intends to stream high-resolution video of the planet to web users.
Fifteen-year-old Sarvesh Verma, son of illiterate parents, scored 96.83% in the test. He credits his success to his parents' hard work and co-operation from his teachers. He wants to join the civil service and fight corruption.
The Stornoway-registered Louisa sank on 9 April as it lay at anchor in calm seas off Mingulay in the Western Isles. The bodies of Chris Morrison, 27, and Martin Johnstone, 29, from Halkirk, Caithness, were recovered following the sinking. The body of skipper Paul Alliston, 42, from Lewis, was lost during a lifeboat crew's attempts to recover him and remains missing.
Infra-red images show underground buildings and tombs in Egypt. US Egyptologist Dr Sarah Parcak pioneered the work. Initial excavations have confirmed some of the findings. She believes there are many more sites that the Nile has covered over. The Egyptian authorities plan to use the technology to protect the country's antiquities.
Victoria Cherry, 44, of Fulwood, Lancashire, has not been seen since October 2015. Her body was found at a house in Toronto Street, Bolton, on Monday. Greater Manchester Police arrested a 43-year-old man on suspicion of murder. The arrested man remains in custody.
The New Year's Day episode had 7.3m viewers, according to overnight figures. The first part of the finale, shown on Christmas Day, had 6.7m viewers overnight. The show, which was first shown on BBC Two in 2009 before moving to BBC One, follows the trials and tribulations of Hart's character.
Apple's latest publicity extravaganza has been met with mixed reaction. Some points-of-view less serious than others. How much would it cost? How good would the battery be? What would it actually do? Apple sought to answer some of those questions at Monday's event.
Hebridean Sea Salt will have its product stocked in Sainbury's 360 UK stores. The Â£180,000 deal is the Lewis-based company's first with a major supermarket. It makes its product by slowly evaporating water from Loch Erisort and then harvesting salt by hand.
Councils are people's "first port of call" whatever the query, says LGA. Customer service hubs in England and Wales handle more than 50 million calls a year - the bulk of which are about council tax and parking. Three of ten calls made in Somerset, including: "What are the rules and regulations for hosting a mouse race?"
The painting, depicting the 1654 ceremony, had hung in Rokeby Park, Barnard Castle, since 1880, according to its owner Sir Andrew Morritt. Now after being restored, Sir Andrew is trying to find out how it ended up in Durham. Experts have studied it, but do not know who painted it.
McDonald's planned to open a two-storey restaurant in Fishponds in 2014. There was fierce opposition from a campaign group over congestion and childhood obesity concerns. The planning inspector said there was little evidence the "proposal would result in any significant increase in obesity"
Mental health cases have dropped by 73% since January, police say. Chief Constable of Devon and Cornwall Police says it is a result of a change in policy. He said police would be encouraged to take patients to A&E rather than keep them in custody. The move has led to a rise in the number of calls to police.
Woods spent a record total of 683 weeks as world number one. He is now ranked 414th and won the last of his 14 majors in 2008. He had back surgery for the second time in 18 months in September. Woods has not won a tournament since the Bridgestone Invitational in August 2013.
Terry Yorath was the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final. His Leeds side of 1975 lost 2-0 to Bayern Munich in Paris. Real Madrid's Gareth Bale will hope to prove his fitness and win a third European major title in his home city of Cardiff.
The basketball e-league - known as the NBA 2K ELeague - will start playing in 2018. The teams, which will be made up of five players, will play a five-month season. Those chosen to make up the teams will be given salaries and play the game as avatars.
The Sunday Times says the missile veered off course during a test in June last year - weeks before the Commons voted to spend £40bn renewing Trident. In July - days after Mrs May had become prime minister - MPs voted overwhelmingly in favour of replacing Trident. Mrs May refused to say four times if she had known about the test ahead of the vote.
World No. 1 is the first British man to hold the title for more than a decade. The 29-year-old has won three Grand Slam titles and two Olympic golds. He has also been runner-up three times and won the World Cup in 2011.
The 26-year-old has been on loan at Villa Park since January. Sinclair has scored three goals in 11 appearances for the FA Cup finalists. He joined Manchester City in 2012 for £8m, but was sent out on loan to West Brom in 2013. The former England Under-21 international has spent six spells on loan.
Froome won the Tour de France in 2013 and 2015. The 31-year-old had to survive some nervous moments in the final 15km. Fellow Briton Stephen Cummings won the final stage from Le-Pont-de-Claix to Superdevoluy. Ireland's Dan Martin won the sprint for second.
Esposito was Elvis Presley's professional assistant and a member of his inner circle. He was one of two best men at the star's wedding to Priscilla in 1967. He went on to work as a road manager for artists including Michael Jackson. His daughter Cindy Bahr said he died of natural causes in California.
Ocado shares closed down 1.7% despite securing an overseas deal. The online retailer will set up an online grocery service for a European retailer. The wider FTSE 100 closed slightly lower, slipping 0.3% to 7525.55.Easyjet was down 3% and IAG down 2.4%.
Aircraft landed safely at Durham Tees Valley airport following the "precautionary" shutdown. It had been due to fly to Bournemouth to take part in weekend displays with an RAF Lancaster bomber. An airworthy Merlin engine is being shipped from the Lincolnshire Aviation Heritage Centre near Skegness.
Imran Khan, 33, is accused of taking the girl from Nairne Street in Burnley. He has also been charged with breaching a sexual offences prevention order. Khan was remanded in custody by Burnley magistrates and will face the charges at the town's crown court on 23 April.
Government figures show 59,090 households were accepted as homeless by councils in England between April 2016 and March 2017. This is 17% higher than the number made homeless in the year 2011-12. Department for Communities and Local Government says it is investing Â£550m to 2020 to tackle the issue.
Tottenham have not signed any players this summer. Chairman Daniel Levy has railed against "unsustainable" spending. Chelsea boss Antonio Conte says Spurs' failure to win the title is not a tragedy. More than £850m has been spent by Premier League sides so far in the summer.
Songkick is a concert notification website and app for your mobile phone and tablet. Fans who wish to bring a certain band to their hometown or city can start a petition or "pledge" via Songkick. If a sufficiently large number of people also pledge, then Songkick informs the band and its promoters.
Halo: The Master Chief collection will also include a new visually-upgraded version of Halo 2. Buyers of the November release are also being promised "beta" access to the multiplayer version of the forthcoming Halo 5. Xbox chief Phil Spencer told the crowd at the Microsoft event that Halo was the "reason Xbox is here today"
Friends, collaborators and fans have been paying tribute on their social media accounts. They have paid tribute to the pair on Twitter, Facebook and Instagram. The pair have been working on a new album for some time. The album is expected to be released in the coming months.
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer due to join EDL march in Woolwich. Home affairs committee chairman Keith Vaz calls for them to be denied visas. The pair are prominent "anti-Islamisation" campaigners in the U.S. They will lay a wreath at a memorial to Drummer Lee Rigby.
Mr Obama said he "absolutely" has concerns about the president-elect. But he called on his fellow Democrats to accept the result and "recognise that that is how democracy works" Mr Obama declined to comment on Mr Trump's pick of controversial conservative figure Steve Bannon as his White House chief strategist.
Police say at least eight carriages jumped the tracks near Muzaffarnagar. The cause of the crash, which happened on Saturday evening, is not yet clear. The train had been travelling to the Hindu holy city of Haridwar. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi tweeted his condolences to families.
Glamorgan will play all their home T20 matches in Cardiff. Six out of seven games will be played under floodlights. The team will make a first-ever trip to Arundel to face Sussex in their first away fixture, on Sunday, 9 July. They begin at home to Hampshire on Friday, 7 July.
The former Strictly Come Dancing contestant was arrested in Eton, Berkshire. She has been bailed to appear at Slough Magistrates' Court on 4 September. Ms Gallacher, 41, works for Sky Sports and is from Virginia Water, Surrey. She was charged with one count of driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level was above the legal limit.
Nabila Nanfuka, 22, and Laurene-Danielle Jackson, 19, were killed at the Lava and Ignite nightclub in Northampton in October 2011. PC Steven Neal told he was dragged under a crowd of people at the club. "I've never seen anything like it in my life; it was absolute carnage," he told the inquest at Northampton County Hall.
The woman, in her 30s, and the child were abducted in Redcar, Teesside. They were taken to Longbeck Lane, near Yearby, where the woman was raped. Police are investigating whether the attackers knew the victim. They are also appealing for information about the two men in a dark-coloured saloon.
Carter has suffered with the condition for years and struggled throughout the 6-2 defeat by the three-time champion at the York Barbican. The 36-year-old has recovered from a life-threatening cancerous tumour on his lung. Carter: "I have such a handicap living with this Crohn's disease. When you have constant abdominal pain you can't settle"
Anna Swabey was diagnosed with a brain tumour at the age of 23. The 25-year-old raised almost Â£80,000 for Brain Tumour Research. She met Andy Bell, 26, on a dating app and was due to marry on Saturday.
The Dow Jones industrial average slipped 5.23 points to 16,995.13. The S&P 500 gained 0.31 points to 1,989.57. The tech-focused Nasdaq index fell 12.22 points to 4,662.16.Shares in mobile payment company Square fell 6.1%.
The hole is just four miles from the Arena das Dunas stadium, which is set to host the Group D match between Italy and Uruguay on Tuesday. The massive crater is filled with debris, household items and vehicles. It opened up earlier this week after a record amount of rainfall fell and has continued to grow since.
Peter Whittingham gave Cardiff the lead from the penalty spot in the 24th minute. Kenneth Zohore thought he had snatched the win for the visitors on 88 minutes. But Sullay Kaikai headed home a late equaliser to earn Brentford a point. Cardiff remain in the Championship relegation zone.
Gian-Franco Kasper made the comparison during an IOC board meeting in Pyeongchang. The board is debating whether to suspend the entire Russian team from the Games following a doping scandal. "I apologise unreservedly for any offence I have caused. I am truly sorry," Franco Kasper said.
Adam Burton, 23, and a French tourist were caught posing naked on Wednesday. They were removed from the Unesco World Heritage site, Cusco police said. A police spokesman said the pair were questioned over minor offences. The Foreign Office said it was in contact with the Peruvian authorities.
The explosions took place at a warehouse owned by Ruihai International Logistics located in Tianjin's port area. There were unconfirmed reports that the warehouse contained 700 tonnes of sodium cyanide, stored in wooden boxes or iron barrels. The chemical is used in the mining industry, among other uses. China is the world's largest consumer of hazardous chemicals.
"Parents no longer have the certainty when they send their child to school that they will be taught by qualified teachers," says NASUWT leader Chris Keates. Labour's Tristram Hunt says "this is nothing less than a scandal". But the Conservatives say there are fewer teachers in school without qualified status than in 2010.
The woman had been out with friends in the Cowgate and Niddry Street area. She was returning home when she was attacked near Jawbone Walk. The man, who was white, aged 20-30, 5ft 4in to 5ft 9in tall, of medium build. He made off before a member of the public came to the woman's aid.
The Labour leader has said he will stand for re-election if he is re-elected. He says he wants to unite the party, which is divided over the issue of grammar school funding. The Labour leader says he will make a decision on the issue in the next few days.
Researchers have analysed genomes from two hunter-gatherers from Georgia that are 13,300 and 9,700 years old. The results show that these Caucasus hunters were probably the source of the farmer-like DNA in the Yamnaya. Around half of their ancestry came from a sister group to the hunter- Gatherers. The other half appears to be from a population related to - but noticeably different from - the Middle Eastern migrants.
"I'm now in the position of thinking do I change the name or do I stick with it?" she said. The name of the street in Malvern, Oxfordshire, has been taken over by the name "Isis" The name is a reference to the Islamic State, which has been linked to the street.
Pupil claims she was raped by a teacher at Gordonstoun in 1990. She told the police two years ago but the case collapsed. Former pupils are pressing for a change in Scotland's corroboration laws. Police Scotland has been contacted by another former pupil in recent days concerning what it calls a historical matter.
The party is to set up a task force that will consider how to implement the plans. Labour leader said there was "overwhelming support for a People's Railway" But the Conservatives dismissed the plan as an "ideological joyride" They warned it would waste millions of pounds of taxpayers' money.
Jeremy Forrest was jailed for five-and-a-half years in 2013 for abducting and having sex with the girl when she was 15. The pair spent seven days in France before they were spotted in Bordeaux and the girl was returned home. Her mother said she wanted to put the record straight about what happened.
Borussia Dortmund have signed Sebastian Rode, 25, and Ousmane Dembele, 18. Dortmund also agreed a deal for Barcelona defender Marc Bartra, 25. The Rode and Dem bele deals were completed for undisclosed fees. The 18-year-old is the third-youngest player at Euro 2016.
Food price inflation was 4.9% in June, compared with 3.2% in May. Analysts say the latest figure reduces the prospect of interest rate cuts in 2013. China expects economic growth this year to be 7.5% - the slowest rate in 23 years.
Oliseh has steered Fortuna Sittard away from the relegation zone with only one defeat in nine games. The 42-year-old stood down as Super Eagles coach in February 2016. Oliseh previously played for Dutch giants Ajax from 1997 to 1999.
A selection of your pictures of Scotland sent in between 3 January and 10 February. Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
The VC10 entered service with the RAF in 1966 and completed its final mission in 2013. It will be positioned on the airfield at RAF Cosford for about five to six weeks and partially reassembled. It is scheduled to be placed on permanent display next to the Hercules in October.
Roger and Mathilde Lamb, from Pensham, died in separate falls in Morocco. Their families said they were "deeply shocked and saddened by their tragic deaths" The children are being looked after by relatives in the UK. The exact circumstances of the deaths are being investigated.
The balls are formed naturally and happen when pieces of ice get rolled by wind and water. They stretch on the Siberian coast for 11 miles, near to the Arctic Circle. The balls are made of ice that has been rolled by the wind and sea. They are created when the ice is rolled by water and wind.
Guernsey are one of a few clubs from outside the English mainland to enter. The club would have to play any replays in England - even if they are the home side. They would also have to pay the travel expenses of visiting sides. Guernsey have until Monday, 24 June to decide if they want to enter the competition.
The film will not be a biopic but an action adventure set in the 1970s. No writer, director or actors are yet attached to the project. It will be produced by the brains behind the Twilight and Maze Runner franchises. Born Stanley Lieber in 1922, Lee teamed with artist Jack Kirby to create the X-Men, the Hulk and the Fantastic Four.
Glyndwr University is hosting the first meeting of the North Wales Cyber Security Cluster. Prof Vic Grout said the aim is to meet monthly to share good practice. Security agency GCHQ said people and businesses could adopt basic cyber security principals to keep safe. Click here for more cyber security news.
Fire broke out at Manchester Dogs' Home in Harpurhey on Thursday evening. Some 150 dogs were pulled from the fire alive. A 15-year-old boy has been arrested on suspicion of arson and an investigation into the cause of the fire continues. A JustGiving page, which raised £500,000 in under 17 hours, has been set up.
More than 5,000 athletes took part in the 2011 World Championships in South Korea. The number of athletes who took part was the lowest in the history of the Games. The figure is expected to rise as more athletes take part in this year's Games. It is the first time in the Games' history that more than 1,000 people have taken part.
"I'm going to try and play as well as I can," he says. "It will be a good experience for me and my team-mates" England face Sri Lanka in their first match of the T20 World Cup on Sunday. The match will be played at Lord's in London, starting at 3pm.
Dean Owens knew that his great great grandfather Ambrose Salvona was buried somewhere in Inverness. His research of his family tree influenced the writing of Dora, a track on his Nashville-recorded album Into the Sea. The song is about his grandmother, Dora Salvona Owens, who grew up in a circus that Salvona started.
The Flying Scotsman was built in 1923 for the London and North Eastern Railway. It was bought by the National Railway Museum in 2004 for £415,000. The restoration work has cost £4.2m. It is due to make its first official run on 25 February.
The 21-year-old has made 35 appearances for Sarries since making his debut in 2012. He was part of the England Saxons squad which secured a series win in South Africa earlier this summer. "Nick has a very bright future in the game," says Sarries director of rugby Mark McCall.
Hollywood's annual Comic-Con has been running since 1970. This year's theme is "Avengers: Age of Ultron" The first film in the series was released on August 1. The second film is due to be released in September. The third and fourth films will be released later in the year.
Amerindians may have been the first people to inhabit Guyana. They still make up nearly a 10th of the six-race nation's population. But they are also among the country's most marginalised. A recently-opened youth centre aims to teach young Amerindians about their heritage.
The suspected green mamba was found on a ship that had docked in Aberdeen from west Africa last month. The snake died after it was placed in a freezer by the animal charity after attempts to rehome it with specialist reptile keepers failed. Police Scotland said a complaint was under consideration.
Paul Charles Wilkins, 70, of Littleport, Cambridgeshire, travelled to California in January. He set up an online site enabling him to arrange to meet boys. He was caught in a sting operation in Palm Springs, California, by undercover agents. He initially denied four charges but later admitted transporting the images.
WWE is the first major sports organisation to launch in China. The network will feature live events, reality shows and classic matches. Sports such as tennis, rugby and Australian rules football are also trying to break into the market. But experts warn it will be difficult to make a profit from the sport.
Twenty people airlifted to hospital and eight more hospitalised by other means. Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling. The driver will be charged in connection with the "horrible tragedy", says police chief. At least two of the victims were school-age children, says fire chief.
Sgt Mark Wright was injured in February 2012 while restraining a "dangerously out of control" man armed with two knives. Sgt Wright's actions were judged to have ensured the safety of the two young children, the woman and his two colleagues. His attacker was arrested, charged and subsequently sentenced to seven years in prison.
Lanarkshire-based AG Barr reported pre-tax profits up 4% to £43m in the year to 31 January. Firm said it had shed 100 staff in a cost-cutting drive, with a one-off cost of £3m. It now plans to restart glass bottling at its Moodiesburn base.
Four officers have been placed on administrative leave. The wounded man's name and age have not been released by police. But the St Louis Post-Dispatch identified him as 18-year-old Tyrone Harris. Police said he was armed with a stolen gun and they had been tracking him.
Images of famous civil rights campaigners appear on Madonna's Facebook page. Some people claim she's using them to promote her new album. Madonna issues an apology, saying it's not a crime or an insult. The singer's new album, Rebel Heart, will be released on March 10.
Yanic Wildschut put the Latics in front but Alex Gilbey equalised. Ryan Colclough restored the lead for the visitors. George Moncur converted a penalty to make it 3-2. But Grigg's injury-time goal earned a draw for the home side.
The Voice USA coach has already dropped her single Baby Don't Lie. She's told Newsbeat that she's written a couple of songs for Gwen Stefani's new album. The 22-year-old says she wants to be recognised as both a performance artist and a songwriter.
Facebook has been offering the service for its employees in the US since the start of this year. Apple will follow suit from January 2015. Both companies are offering up to $20,000 (Â£12,500) for US employees covered by their insurance plans, to finance the procedure to extract the eggs.
Shavers lost a 15-round decision to Ali in 1977, although he was a friend before the fight and has remained so in the intervening 35 years. Shavers, 66, first befriended Ali in 1973, when 'The Greatest' invited him to his Deer Lake training camp in Pennsylvania to prepare for Shavers's impending fight against Jimmy Ellis. He says Ali is the one opponent everyone wants to talk about.
Eight of the nine rate-setters on the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted for no change, with one voting for a rise. The Bank rate has been at the record low of 0.5% since March 2009. A number of economists have been pushing their expectations of the first UK interest rate rise from the end of 2016 into the start of 2017.
The Chicago Cubs have not won a World Series title since 1908. The Curse of the Bambino was blamed for the Boston Red Sox's 86-year drought. The Chicago Cubs won the National League Central Division for the first time since 2008. The Cubs beat the Los Angeles Dodgers 3-1 in the World Series.
The government said 19 of the 24 bills outlined in the speech will apply in whole or in part to Scotland. Scottish secretary said there will "undoubtedly" be more powers devolved to Edinburgh after Brexit. But opposition parties said the general election result meant the Conservatives have no mandate to govern. SNP claimed that Theresa May was a "lame duck prime minister leading a lame duck government"
RSPCA criticised for prosecuting members of the prime minister's local Oxfordshire hunt. MP Simon Hart says "absolute clarity and absolute accountability" is needed. RSPCA says it was created to investigate animal cruelty and its various roles were independently run. The charity spends Â£5m a year prosecuting cruelty cases, which it says accounts for just five pence in every pound donated.
Astronauts helped capture 360-degree panoramas of the ISS modules, as well as views down to the Earth below. Some of the photography features pop-up text descriptions, marking the first time such annotations have appeared on the Maps platform. Google said it hoped to inspire the public to further explore the science and engineering involved in space exploration.
The event, organised by the Tenby Sea Swimming Association (TSSA), is expected to raise thousands of pounds for charity. It prides itself on always going ahead, whatever the weather. The challenge was won by his brothers, Adam and Richard, who came home at the head of the nine-craft fleet.
Stuart Gulliver, the chief executive of HSBC, plans to step down next year. Mr Tucker will take over on 1 October, succeeding Douglas Flint who has been in the role since 2010. The bank has been through an overhaul in recent years in an attempt to reverse declining profits.
Lead negotiator Dr Pershing says the effort to deliver the Paris treaty was strong enough to withstand the impacts of a Trump presidency. He was speaking before the arrival of ministers and some heads of state in Marrakech on Tuesday. But the meeting has been rocked by the possibility that President-elect Donald Trump will withdraw the US from the pact.
Swansea City beat Charlotte Independence 4-0 at the Liberty Stadium. Mike van der Hoorn made his debut for the Swans after joining from Ajax. Swans face Bristol Rovers, Wolverhampton Wanderers and Stade Rennais in the next few weeks.
The man woke up in a confused state after leaving a bar in Manchester. He contacted Greater Manchester Police at about 15:00 GMT. Officers are searching for people with access to the building to free him. Thousands of people are expected to celebrate the festive season in what has come to be known as Mad Friday.
Air pollution across the UK is linked to around 40,000 premature deaths every year. UK has struggled to keep within EU limits on some pollutants, particularly nitrogen dioxide (NO2) Some 37 of the 43 regions of the UK are in breach of NO2 limits. Councils will be given the power to impose fines or restrictions on all polluting vehicles.
Memorial to be built in memory of police officers killed in Afghanistan. £1.5m has been raised for the project by members of the public. The memorial is expected to be completed by the end of the year. It will include a plaque with the names of more than 1,000 officers.
Crusaders on the verge of back-to-back league titles for the first time in the club's history. Whyte rounded Ross Glendinning and flicked the ball home on 88 minutes. Substitute Forsythe fired the second into the top corner in stoppage time.
The roles will be based in Aberdeen, Ayr, Bathgate, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Gourock, Helensburgh, Inverness, Perth, Stirling and Tweedbank. ScotRail said it wanted to hear from "enthusiastic, reliable candidates with excellent attention spans, experience of safety-critical roles"
1MDB was set up in 2009 with the stated aim of boosting the Malaysian economy. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe said evidence showed it had defrauded Malaysians "on an enormous scale" US authorities moved to seize more than $1bn (Â£761m) in assets related to the fund.
Roedd Ashley Talbot yn 15 oed pan fu farw. Yn Rhagfyr 2014 cafodd gyrrwr y bws, athro yn yr ysgol, ei gwestiynu gan yr heddlu ac yna ei ryddhau.
German broadcaster RBB found up to 700 cases in Berlin alone. Pregnant immigrant women are reported to have paid fake fathers and solicitors as much as €5,000 (£4,356; $5,628) to get paternity registered. The baby automatically becomes a German citizen and the mother has the right to stay.
Fines for data breaches had already risen, from 18 in 2015, to 35 in 2016, amounting to £3.2m in total. There were also 23 enforcement notices, where organisations were required to improve compliance - a 155% increase. UK is one of the most active places in Europe for regulatory enforcement in this area, along with Italy.
The 4.4-metre-long (14-ft) cloth is on show until 24 June. Viewings are free but must be booked. One million people have already signed up. Some devotees believe the shroud is the burial cloth of Jesus Christ. Sceptics point to carbon dating that suggests it is a medieval forgery.
Vaughan Gething said he was "looking again at charging arrangements" for people from countries without reciprocal arrangements with the UK. 79% of those surveyed said they would increase charges for visitors from outside the UK for using the health service. But the health secretary said such charges were a "marginal area" of NHS activity.
Since the news broke 'North Korea' has been mentioned 211,000 times on Twitter. It has been among the top trending topics worldwide. What can be done to prevent North Korea's move escalate to an international crisis? Here are some of your ideas. The former NBA basketball player, Dennis Rodman who has had a number of well publicised meetings with North Korean's leader Kim Jong-un is cited as someone who could help.
The 72-year-old faced 12 counts of child sex abuse at Belfast Crown Court. He denied all the charges against him and was discharged on Wednesday. The 12-member jury had spent more than six hours deliberating before being discharged. The judge thanked the 10 women and two men for their time.
The named person policy was introduced as part of the Children and Young People Scotland Act of 2014. It set out to appoint a single point of contact, such as a teacher, to look out for the welfare of all children up to the age of 18. A legal challenge was launched against the policy, and the Supreme Court agreed.
Browning, 22, missed the end of last season with a knee injury that kept him out for nearly a year. The former England Under-21 international has progressed through the youth system at Goodison Park and made nine appearances for the Toffees. "I have heard nothing but good things about the club and can't wait to get started," he said.
The Scottish Family Health Study is recruiting 50,000 people. It aims to investigate why diseases such as cancer can run in families. Those recruited will have their health tracked, with the intention of creating a Scottish "bio-bank" containing genetic, medical and family history and lifestyle information.
France's ethnic Chinese population have long suffered casual racism and been stereotyped as easy targets for crime. But they say they have now reached breaking point. In August, 49-year-old tailor Zhang Chaolin died in hospital after being attacked by three teenagers. At least 100 attacks against Chinese nationals were reported in the suburb of Aubervilliers in the first seven months of this year.
The Dow Jones was up 117.59 points to 17,599.08. The tech-based Nasdaq rose by 20.66 points to 4,795.65. The S&P 500 climbed 8.7 points to 2,049.29, as it ended the day above where it had closed at the end of 2015.
Daimler predicts full-year sales of more than 100bn euros. Sales of Mercedes in China up 8% compared with 82% in the previous quarter. Demand for cars in the major emerging markets of China, India, Brazil and Russia will probably continue to grow.
Iran has put down or prevented about a dozen protests since the wave of anti-government uprisings in the Middle East began earlier this year. Iran has been muted in its criticisms of Syria, its most important ally in the region. But in September, Mr Ahmadinejad spoke of "needed reforms"
The Japanese company posted a 9.9bn yen ($97m; Â£57m) deficit for the April-to-June months. Sales were 8% lower, despite the release of a Mario Kart game in May. Firm did not alter its prediction of a return to full-year profit.
Defeat sees Burton slip to 21st, two points clear of the drop zone, as they lost for the third time in five games. Huddersfield remain nine points adrift of current leaders Brighton, who won 3-2 at Blackburn. Brewers are just a place above the relegation zone as their five-match unbeaten home run came to an end.
Road markings outside a school in Chester were misspelt. The lettering outside Highfield Community Primary School, in Blacon, was "claer" The marking was hastily corrected, at no cost to the council, after it appeared in February 2014. NCP said those responsible for the cock-up were "committed to playing Scrabble in their lunchtimes as spelling revision"
Khalil Dale, 60, was abducted in Quetta in January 2012 and was found dead on a roadside a few months later. A note next to his body said he was killed because a ransom had not been paid. Mr Dale was born in York but lived in Dumfries and spent 30 years working in countries including Somalia and Iraq.
The 28-year-old Frenchwoman said she was taking the decision with immediate effect. Bartoli said her Achilles, shoulder, hip and lower back hurt continually when she plays. WTA chairman and chief executive Stacey Allaster paid tribute to Bartoli's "long, successful career"
SP Manweb is set to put up 18 pylons linking two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest with a substation at Glascoed, near St Asaph. Plans were approved by Energy Secretary Greg Clark last year. Opponents argued it would impact the countryside and farming, and called for the cables to be laid underground.
The Hangzhou Internet Court opened on Friday and heard its first case - a copyright infringement dispute between an online writer and a web company. Legal agents in Hangzhou and Beijing accessed the court via their computers and the trial lasted 20 minutes. The court's focus will be civil cases, including online shopping disputes.
Samsung C&T shareholders vote to merge with Cheil Industries. The move is key to consolidating control of the multi-headed conglomerate. The deal is strongly opposed by some of the group's shareholders, including US hedge fund Elliott Associates. Shares in the group fell by 10.4% after the vote was approved.
Sekhemka was gifted to Northampton's museums by the 4th Marquis of Northampton in 1880. Conservative-run council plans to sell it and use the money for heritage schemes. Liberal Democrats said the sale should be stopped and the statue ought to remain in Northampton.
Jason Gillespie's side will play an MCC XI in Abu Dhabi in the traditional four-day curtain-raiser. Championship begins on 12 April, with promoted Hampshire facing Sussex. NatWest T20 Blast starts on 15 May and the Royal London One-Day Cup on 25 July, with holders Durham at Northants.
Ming Jiang, 43, was in debt and being chased by creditors, jury told. Yang Liu, 36, could afford to gamble, the jury heard. Mr Liu's body was badly burned and had been extensively dismembered. Mr Jiang denies murder and the trial at Minshull Street Crown Court continues.
Tory sources say Mr Reckless has held talks with Andrew RT Davies. Announcement is due on Thursday which would see him join Tory group in Cardiff Bay. There is resistance to re-admitting him following his defection from the Conservatives to join UKIP in September 2014. He was elected to the Assembly in May 2016 as UKIP won their first seats in Cardiff.
Mr Navalny could now be barred from running in the Moscow mayoral election set for September. He joins a growing list of opponents of President Vladimir Putin who have ended up on the wrong side of the law or in exile, or have met their deaths in suspicious circumstances. When Mr Putin first became president in 2000, he immediately set about curbing the power of the oligarchs.
Rangers make it eight wins from eight with win over Queen of the South. Derek Lyle sent off for Rangers after going head-to-head with Rob Kiernan. Andy Halliday, Jason Holt and Barrie McKay score for Rangers. Aidan Smith nets a late consolation for the hosts.
All foreign troops in South Sudan must leave by the end of the month, says the UN. The deal was reached after months of talks between the government and the opposition. The UN says the deal is not enough to end the conflict. The government says it is still trying to reach an agreement with the opposition to end it.
The Association of Air Ambulances (AAA) estimated that 800 lives could be saved each year because of this and other relief schemes. Air ambulance charities serving Cornwall, Devon, Dorset and Somerset, East Anglia, Essex and Herts, Hampshire and Isle of Wight, Kent Surrey and Sussex.
Guy Bridge, 16, completed the lap on Thursday in two hours, 32 minutes and 25 seconds. His mother, Steph Bridge, claimed the spot for the fastest female in three hours, three minutes and 24 seconds. World Sailing Speed Records will formally ratify the timings later.
Sidwell has made 32 appearances for Brighton this season. Midfielder has previously played in the Premier League with Reading, Chelsea, Aston Villa, Fulham and Stoke. The 34-year-old is hoping to sign a new deal with the Seagulls.
Mary Burrows was chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr health board. She moved from Colwyn Bay, Conwy county, to London two months ago. She is staying with her son while she receives treatment for breast cancer. A £200m-a-year cancer drug fund was set up in England in 2011.
Disley headed home with 19 minutes left to seal three points. Pat Hoban and Andy Monkhouse headed wide for Grimsby. Forest Green boss Ady Pennock: "We're disappointed and I didn't think we tested their keeper enough, Stevie Arnold made three or four good saves, but the game should have been 0-0"
The model was built by crystallographer Dr Robert Krickl from nearly 40,000 balls and 10km of sticks. It replicates the repeating lattice of sodium and chloride ions found in a crystal of salt (NaCl) The world record attempt will be adjudicated by the Guinness Book of Records on 23 November.
Bill Clinton left office with the highest approval rating - 66% - of any departing president. He was credited with balancing the federal budget and reviving the American economy from its early-Nineties slump. But there's been an angry backlash against what Clinton once trumpeted as some of his domestic accomplishments. Hillary as loyal "stand-by-your-man" wife does not marry that well with Hillary as feminist trailblazer.
Proposals would extend bus lanes in Belfast from 07:30 to 19:00. The project is due to come into operation in September 2018. Mr Hazzard said there would be two rounds of consultation on the proposals. He said there could be some room for flexibility.
The UK has a unique opportunity by virtue of its history and geography to bring the US and Europe together, not take sides. Yet the election of Donald Trump risks doing just that, driving a wedge between Britain and the EU. Britain is falling out with Europe over Mr Trump just when its overwhelming foreign policy objective should be preparing the way for Brexit.
Teams discuss failure of the new elimination format with F1 commercial boss Bernie Ecclestone and Jean Todt. Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff said TodT and EccLestone refused to revert to the 2015 system despite teams' wishes to do so. A new aggregate system proposed by the FIA will be discussed again next week.
Mark Allen beats John Higgins 6-5 in first-round match at Alexandra Palace. Scot Higgins missed a black off the spot when on course to win the deciding frame. Allen, ranked 10 in the world, goes on to face Marco Fu or Judd Trump in the quarter-finals.
Russian state TV portrays Ukrainian army as weak, disorganised and suffering from poor service conditions and low morale. Ukrainian TV channels have been supportive of what they see as the Kiev authorities' efforts to rein in ''separatists'' and "militants supported by Russia"
Worcestershire close day three of Championship match on 172-2. Paul Horton (75) and Mark Cosgrove (58) lead visitors to a healthy lead of 230. Joe Leach (90) and Ed Barnard (42) put on 100 for the first wicket. Leicestershire all-rounder Clint McKay took four wickets.
Message "united against extremism" will be carried on posters on 50 buses. Mr Shah was an Ahmadiyya, a group known for its peaceful interfaith concerns. He died after an attack outside his shop on 24 March. Murder accused Tanveer Ahmed, 32, from Bradford, said he killed the 40-year-old as he had falsely claimed to be a prophet.
Spotify has more than 60 million regular users across 58 countries. It says about 20% pay for its premium ad-free subscription services. The new offerings include news bulletins from National Public Radio, the BBC and others as well as longer video and audio podcasts and clips. The announcement comes less than three weeks before Apple's developers conference.
Mignolet was beaten at his near post for Arsenal's first equaliser. The Belgium goalkeeper, 27, is set to sign a new five-year contract. Liverpool snatched a deserved draw with Arsenal thanks to Joe Allen's late goal. Roberto Firmino twice gave the Reds the lead in a breathless first half.
The PM was eating Pringles on an Easyjet flight to Portugal. He is believed to have been on holiday with wife Samantha and their three children. Twitter users were quick to post pictures of him eating the snack. He was also pictured eating a bacon sandwich during the election campaign.
Pierre Cornlouer from Tredegar spent 30 years in the Navy, serving in the Falklands, the Gulf and Bosnia. He wrote The Adventures of Mrs Orangeleaf to explain to his daughter what life was like for servicemen. An animation of it is narrated by Simon Weston and voiced by 40 other veterans.
World silver medallist Brianne Theisen-Eaton sets a world-leading 6,765-points total. The 23-year-old needed 6,200 points for Olympic qualification and achieved it with ease in Austria. Johnson-Thompson was second overall after setting three personal bests on a promising opening day.
Donald Trump has made statements that mainstream politicians would consider disastrous gaffes. But his ability to pack halls with huge crowds suggests it's a message that has great resonance. In Europe some insurgent politicians have broken through. But even if many mainstream politicians cast an envious glance at colleagues perceived to be authentic, there are limits to conviction politics.
Redmond has agreed a five-year contract with the Saints. The 22-year-old spent three years at Norwich before joining Southampton. Redmond is an England Under-21 international. Southampton are currently without a manager following Ronald Koeman's departure to Everton. The Saints were relegated from the Premier League in May.
A letter sent by party activists in north Wales claimed Michelle Brown has been "abrasive and discourteous" to them. It was sent to UKIP's national executive committee (NEC) before a row over racial slurs about a Labour MP, for which Ms Brown apologised. UKIP chairman Paul Oakden said the letter did not follow proper process.
Four US tourists and an Australian pilot died after their light plane came down on a shopping centre on Tuesday. The victims were pilot Max Quartermain and passengers Greg Reynolds De Haven, Russell Munsch, Glenn Garland and John Washburn. The four men from Austin, Texas, were on their way to Tasmania's King Island for a golfing trip.
Heinrich Boere, who is in a wheelchair, was taken by ambulance from his nursing home in Germany to a prison hospital. He was sentenced in March 2010 after confessing to the killings. Boere shot dead Fritz Bicknese, a chemist and father of 12; Frans Kusters, a Dutch resistance member who owned a bicycle shop; and Teun de Groot, who helped Jews go into hiding.
Riham Dawabsha suffered severe burns to 90% of her body in the July attack. Ali, her 18-month-old son, died during the attack while her husband, Saad, succumbed to his injuries a week later. The deaths provoked international condemnation. So far no suspects have been arrested.
We look back at the 22-year rule of the controversial and outspoken leader. We look at his 22 years in power. We also look back on his reign as the most successful leader in the history of the country. We remember his time as the country's first president.
Nearly a third of those making applications want to put all their debts in one place. Another third want to buy cars and bikes, according to a survey by Lloyds Bank. The bank said 84% of borrowers were confident about making future repayments. Many analysts have warned that this confidence could take a knock when the Bank of England raises interest rates.
A 38-year-old man suffered serious, but non-life threatening, facial injuries. The second victim, aged 49, did not need medical attention. Police said the attackers entered the property on Craigmillar Castle Road. Police believe the attack may have been targeted.
Kane scored twice in Saturday's 3-0 win over Norwich to reach 11 Premier League goals this season and 27 for 2015. Last term the England man scored 31 times in all competitions during a breakthrough campaign at senior level. Spurs play next at Watford in a 15:00 GMT kick-off on Monday. Mousa Dembele a doubt after picking up an ankle knock.
Sandra White, the SNP MSP for Glasgow Kelvin, raised the plight of the venue at First Minister's Questions in the Scottish Parliament. The restriction followed police complaints about drug abuse and disorder. It was said to have cut total revenues at the Arches by more than 50%, making it untenable as a business.
Lonmin will sell 27 billion shares at 1p per share. Company urged shareholders to approve the cash call. Shares have already tumbled 90% this year as it has struggled with strikes and rising costs. Lonmin reported an annual loss of $2.2bn, compared with $326m a year earlier.
Mani Dad was living with his Polish mother in Kielce, Poland, when he disappeared early this year. He is thought to be in the UK with his British father, property dealer Zayn Dean, 47, also known as Dholtana Dad. Ms Dad, 33, said Costa coffee shops were among Mani's favourite haunts and asked customers to look out for him.
Alex O'Meara and Alex Day have agreed new one-year contracts. Hooker Tom Channon has signed for two more seasons at the Mennaye. The 29-year-old has played for Exeter Chiefs and Rotherham. Pirates are sixth in the Championship with two games to go.
Knaresborough station, in North Yorkshire, is being made watertight. The chimney stack on the signal box is being removed and rebuilt. Work on the platform canopy is to be carried out at night to minimise disruption. Paul Barnfield, for train operators Northern, said: "Kna Resborough is a beautiful station, steeped in history"
After a nervous start, the Gulls grew into the game and started to apply pressure, which nearly paid off in the 14th minute when a powerful shot from Brett Williams struck a post. Luke Young forced a good save from Owen Evans and later went close with a couple of first-half free-kicks. Aman Verma headed home a free-kick in the 58th minute after Jordan Lee had been brought down by Mark Gray. Myles Anderson headed home two minutes from time.
The UK voted to leave the EU by 52% to 48% in the referendum on 23 June. The online petition gained more signatures than any other on the parliamentary website. It had been set up by William Oliver Healey ahead of the referendum and had been signed by 22 people at the time of the result.
John Leathem stabbed the 15-year-old 61 times after she stopped at his delicatessen in Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, in March. His original life sentence, with a minimum term of 27 years, had been fixed because of the brutality of the killing and because he had hidden her body.
Four voters claim Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman committed electoral fraud. They want the poll declared void and rerun. Mr Rahman was elected for a second term in May 2014. His lawyer said the claims were a "mixture of unfounded and false allegations" The hearing continues at the Election Court in London.
The annual Roald Dahl Funny Prize is to be relaunched in 2016. Set up by former children's laureate Michael Rosen in 2008, the prize is intended to reward authors and artists of humorous children's books. Last year's winners, Simon Rickerty (Monkey Nut) and Jim Smith (I Am Not A Loser), received Â£2,500 each.
He was killed in his vehicle near the presidential palace in the capital, Mogadishu. The president has cut short his visit to Ethiopia following Abas Abdullahi Sheikh's killing. Mr Abas grew up in a refugee camp, and became Somalia's youngest MP in November. He entered politics last year and was appointed to the cabinet in March.
The 23-year-old has been on loan at Huddersfield from Liverpool. He is expected to be on the bench for Sunday's World Cup qualifier against Serbia. "I am only young for a goalkeeper and to have a chance of playing would be good," he says.
The body was found near Heanor Memorial Park in Derbyshire. Police originally thought the man was 17-year-old Han Lan. But they now believe it might be a 21- year-old man named Trung Thanh Hoang. Inquest was adjourned until the end of March.
CNN.com will feature iReporter photos in a weekly Travel Snapshots gallery. Please submit your best shots of the U.S. for next week. Visit CNN.com/Travel next Friday for a new gallery of snapshots from around the world. Please share your best photos of the world with CNN iReport.
The man was detained in Reading and the woman in Wokingham. The pair, believed to be friends, were taken to a police station for questioning. West Midlands Police said the arrests had been intelligence-led. The suspects did not pose any imminent threat, a spokesperson added.
The five-year plan will cost $53.8 million. It will be paid for by the federal government and the provinces. The plan is designed to tackle the problem of violence against women and girls. It also aims to improve the quality of life for those affected by violence.
U.S. Supreme Court upholds the release of five Guantanamo detainees. The release of the five men brings the total number of detainees to 148. They were held at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, since the 9/11 attacks. The men were accused of links to al-Qaeda and the Taliban.
The move comes after faulty Poly Implant ProthÃ¨se (PIP) silicone breast implants were recalled in 2010. The Breast and Cosmetic Implant Registry will include patients treated by both NHS and private providers. It is expected to record more than 20,000 cases of implant surgery every year and allow complications with specific implants to be picked up.
The stricken robot, made by Knightscope, was spotted by passers-by whose photos of the aftermath quickly went viral on social media. For some, the incident seemed to sum up the state of 21st Century technology. "We were promised flying cars, instead we got suicidal robots," wrote one worker on Twitter.
It allegedly took place as the girl was leaving the Ashton Court Estate. Avon and Somerset Police want to speak to a man aged between 25 to 30. Officers said he had a silver stud in his left nostril, a scar on the knuckles of his left hand and spoke with a foreign accent.
Frontier Developments was founded by David Braben - the archetypal child programmer. The studio's audio head, Jim Croft, started out as a musician and composer. Dr Jake Habgood, a former game-maker who now heads the software and games development degree course at Sheffield Hallam University, says the best thing to do is start making games today.
Movistar's Gorka Izagirre wins stage four of the Giro d'Italia. Spaniard's first Grand Tour stage win and Movistar's first at this year's Giro - still led by Jungels. Team Sky team-mate Mikel Landa's late attack was caught as time gaps in the top 10 stayed the same.
Sterling has tumbled 16% against the euro since the June 2016 referendum. VisitBritain predicts tourists' spending will surge by 14% this year. The tourism boom was helped by the Olympics in 2012, a showcase for Britain's historic towns, picturesque villages and stunning national parks.
Ibrahim Halawa is the son of Ireland's most senior Muslim cleric. He was arrested during anti-government protests in Cairo in August 2013. He has been charged along with 463 others with inciting violence, rioting and sabotage relating to the protests. His trial was adjourned for a 17th time on Tuesday. His family has denied claims that he is a member of the Muslim Brotherhood.
The Flower Shop in Caversham, Reading, has been targeted by fraudsters. The case is being assessed by the National Fraud Intelligence Bureau. A TalkTalk spokesman said: "We can confirm that this incident is not related to TalkTalk" The calls are "disturbing" staff's daily work, says shop manager Denika Potter.
Plaid Cymru MP Liz Saville Roberts will introduce the bill on Wednesday. It replicates the so-called 'Rape Shield Law' which exists in the USA, Canada and Australia. It aims to prevent the cross-examination of a rape complainant's sexual history, previous behaviour or appearance.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel. Durrant spent 14 years as a player at Ibrox, before returning as a coach in 2005. He spent last season in charge of the Under-20 development squad, but will not return for the start of pre-season training.
Arsenal beat Notts County in the last eight on Friday, the same side they overcame in last year's final. Manchester City thrashed Doncaster Belles 4-1 on Sunday. WSL 2 side London Bees will face Birmingham City in the other semi-final. Both ties to be played on the weekend of the 3-4 September.
The Reds beat third-placed Chinnor 29-12 for a second win in a row. Tommy Phillips, Ben Priddey and Craig Williams led the team from the front. The Reds face seven teams who are below them in the table in their next eight games.
Melbourne City won the Australian Women's Grand Final 2-0 against Perth Glory. The Welsh midfielder has been involved as a player-manager this season. She says she wants to continue in football beyond playing but is not yet ready to retire. She will stay with Wales for another campaign and is excited about the World Cup.
Anne Marie Waters, a former Labour activist and founder of the Sharia Watch pressure group, has previously called Islam "evil" Her leadership bid has split the party, with some MEPs threatening to quit if she was allowed into the race. But the UKIP National Executive Committee, which vets all would-be candidates, has allowed her to stand.
The Australian Open semi-finalist joins Heather Watson, Victoria Azarenka and Caroline Wozniacki in the draw. Ana Konjuh will return to the Nottingham Tennis Centre to defend her title. British number three Naomi Broady is also set to play in the tournament.
Houses at Auvers II was hung in the Picnic Cafe on Friday to launch the Open for Art weekend festival. Owner Mark Lawrence insists it is a real van Gogh, but admits it has not yet been authenticated. Van Gogh Museum, in Amsterdam, is the only place that can officially authenticate a work.
Works on show at the Royal Pavilion include a painting of liger cubs given to King George IV. The cubs - a cross between a tiger and a lion - were born at Windsor in 1824. The exhibition also tells the story of the first living giraffe in the UK, given to the king as a diplomatic gift.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has delayed the launch of its ExoMars rover. The aim of the mission is to land a rover on the Red Planet. It would search for signs of past or present life. The two biggest European space companies are in the final stages of agreeing a price to build rover.
19-year-old from Dublin has around 16 seizures a day. Neurologist offered to become her running partner. Together they've become a marathon-running team. She's grateful for the public response, all she wants to do is carry on running. For more information, visit www.justgiving.com/Katie-McKenzie.
Yorkshire's run-chase was undermined by a three-wicket burst in nine balls. Stuart Meaker's victims included Jonny Bairstow and Gary Ballance. Tim Bresnan made 68 but was the last to go as they were all out for 236.
Platforms were evacuated and the area cordoned off by heavily armed police. Police were looking for three men described as "dangerous" to French security forces by a foreign country. They had been spotted in Bordeaux and Marseille, as well as Paris. France is under a state of emergency since the Paris attacks of 2015.
Researchers at the University of Tokyo used 3D imaging to show cancerous tissue. They hope the technology will help explain the spread of cancer around the body. The research is on mice so far, but it is hoped the method could one day help with treatment too. The technology could be adapted to other disciplines, including how the body's cells behave in people with autoimmune diseases.
Most of the main streets are waterlogged, bringing the city to a standstill. At least 80,000 people in northern parts of neighbouring Sri Lanka have been affected. A depression formed in the Bay of Bengal has triggered rains in coastal areas of India's Tamil Nadu state and Sri Lanka.
The Democratic presidential campaign is reaching its endgame. The Wisconsin primary on Tuesday marks the beginning of the endgame for both candidates. Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders are locked in a battle for the Democratic nomination. The two campaigns have been trading barbs over the past few days.
Vigilantes were celebrating a successful operation with the military against the Islamist militants. One of the vigilantes failed to disclose one of the IEDs picked up during the two-day mission and took it back to Monguno. Ten people were killed instantaneously and another 13 people died by the time the injured were taken to Maiduguri. Despite losing territory this year, Boko Haram still controls a few areas.
Many MPs are spending a lot of time in their constituencies preparing to contest the most closely-fought and unpredictable election in decades. But as MPs look to the final few weeks before the dissolution of the Parliament elected in 2010, there are still a few bills left to deal with.
Design for new apartment complex in South Korea has sparked a furious response. Critics say it resembles the collapse of New York's World Trade Center after the 9/11 attacks. PR chief at the Yongsan Development Company, Seo Hee-seok, said the accusation was a shock.
Ennis-Hill won gold at London 2012 and silver at the Rio Olympics. She has also won two world titles and one Olympic medal. Her coach Michaelichiello describes her as a "hard-working mum" He says her best quality is her ability to be ultra competitive but grounded.
Tech companies will help design the subsea cable which will run between Virginia in the US and Bilbao, Spain. The project will be managed by Spanish telecommunications firm Telefonica, which will sell any unused capacity on the cable to other customers. The cable will help the tech giants move data more quickly and cheaply between their global data centres.
Princess Anne spoke to well-wishers outside the church after attending the service with her father Prince Philip. Buckingham Palace said the Queen is "still recuperating" from a heavy cold.Missing church was a "precautionary measure" in cold and wet weather and there was "no sense of undue concern"
Lon Snowden tells journalists he feels "extreme gratitude that my son is safe and secure and he's free" He later met his son, local media say. Edward Snowden was granted asylum in Russia in August after weeks spent in a transit zone at Moscow airport. The 30-year-old leaked thousands of US intelligence documents.
Researchers from Stanford University have developed a new type of wireless power transfer that could safely penetrate deep inside the body. They were able to hold a metal plate a few centimetres above the rabbit's chest and use it to regulate the animal's heartbeat. If such medical implants could be made to work in humans, it could lead to smaller devices that are safer to fit.
Sneyd was out of contract at the end of this season. The 26-year-old has been at the KCOM Stadium since 2015. Sneyd came through Salford's academy before spending the 2014 season on loan at Castleford. In 2016, the ex-Salford Red Devils and Castleford Tigers man had the highest kick-conversion rate in Super League.
The incident was reported near junction 16 at Johnstonebridge at about 14:20. Police said that six vehicles had been involved and lanes on the southbound carriageway were blocked for a time. It follows a string of incidents on the motorway on Sunday in similar weather conditions.
Cuba says it will still co-operate with its larger neighbour. President Trump says his new policy will tighten rules on travel and on sending funds to Cuba. He will not close the US embassy in Havana, commercial flights from the US will continue, and Americans will still be able to return home with Cuban goods.
So far, 32 secondary schools, primary schools and nurseries are affected. The outbreak only affects the Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board area. It eclipses the number of cases across the whole of Wales since 2010. There were 159 cases in 2009, still lower than the current outbreak.
The final communication from the pilots to air traffic control was "Mayday, mayday, engine flame out" The chances of dying in an "accident" are lower than ever, but the number of people flying is more dangerous than ever. Nearly a thousand people died in 2014, which is 700 more than the year before, according to safety analysts.
Photographs of the endangered Magnolia dealbata, held by Bristol-based Arkive, were seen by a botanist at a Mexican university more than 5,500 miles away. The plants were tracked to Mexico's Serra Gorda Biosphere Reserve and identified. The first specimen was named Magnolia rzedowskiana, after emininet Mexicanbotanist, Dr Jerzy Rzedowski.
Welsh government's draft 10-year plan would help support early years carers. It would cover everyone who works with children in both state-run schools and nurseries and private childcare settings. The plan wants to see staff highly skilled and "highly regarded" in their career.
Kjell Lindgren played Amazing Grace on the pipes after recording a message about research scientist Victor Hurst, who was involved in astronaut training. It is thought to be the first time that bagpipes have been played in space. They were made for Mr Lindgren by McCallum Bagpipes at the company's factory in Kilmarnock.
Carlos Tevez has been on the bench for Manchester City's last two games. The Argentine has been linked with a move away from the Etihad Stadium. City boss Roberto Mancini says his side need to be more ruthless in front of goal. He says United have a better mentality than City and need to improve.
Manchester City beat Brondby 1-0 in their FA Women's Super League semi-final first leg. England Under-19 international Walsh scored the only goal of the game. The second leg takes place in Denmark on Wednesday, 16 November. City have now kept 20 clean sheets in 26 matches in all competitions this year.
Chris Weir and her husband Colin were "tickled pink" when they realised they had scooped Tuesday's jackpot. The couple have already decided to buy homes for their two children, Carly and Jamie (both in their 20s) Britons have banked the Euromillions jackpot more than 14 times in the last two years.
There were two explosions in Zaventem Airport on the morning of March 22, followed by another at Maalbeek metro station. Three days of national mourning have been announced and a minute's silence has been observed. Hundreds of messages of support for the people of Brussels have been chalked across the Place de la Bourse.
Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin - believed to be about 55 - faces 12 charges including attempted murder of a US citizen. He was seized in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and US forces. He is the first military detainee to be brought to the US from Afghanistan.
Perth Council will meet next week to consider bids to turn the hall into a food market or a hotel. The B-listed Edwardian building has sat empty since it closed 10 years ago. A number of pre-conditions would need to be met before a draft lease could be agreed.
Northern Ireland beat Romania, Hungary, Greece, Finland and Faroe Islands. Michael O'Neill's side are the first team from pot five to win a group. Macphee was assistant coach at St Mirren and Cowdenbeath. The 36-year-old played for East Fife, Forfar Athletic and Queen's Park.
Groups will be offered funding of up to 50% of the costs for vaccinating. Aim is to create a "buffer" zone to prevent the spread of the disease in new areas of the country where incidence is currently low. Part of government's strategy to achieve bovine TB free status in England by 2038.
Mandy Fader, professor of continence technology at the University of Southampton, says their design has changed "very little" in 80 years. She criticises low investment from industry and "weak" regulation. Urology Trade Association says it is "simply incorrect" to say catheters have not improved in recent decades.
Chelsea winger Victor Moses and Mainz defender Leon Balogun are out. Godwin Obaje, Chisom Egbuchulam and Uche Henry Agbo are their replacements. John Mikel Obi is also on the 23-man list despite not playing for Chelsea yet this season.
The colognes - Ernesto and Hugo - were unveiled on Thursday by a state laboratory in the capital, Havana. The project was mocked in the social networks and criticised by supporters of the Cuban Revolution. The government described the project as "a serious error" and said appropriate measures would be taken.
The tweet was posted during the Eurovision Song Contest. Police are looking at other tweets that may have been sent on the same account. The Conservative Party has suspended the councillor for six months. The party will now decide whether or not to take action against him. The tweet was sent during the contest in Lisbon.
An inquiry was launched in June last year following reports that face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student-led performance. It caused offence to eight students of African heritage, prompting the review by Prof Dinesh Bhugra from King's College London. He sets out 13 recommendations to help the university avoid similar incidents.
11 imams, sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries visit Auschwitz and Dachau concentration camps. They met a Holocaust survivor and Poles whose families risked execution to save Jews from the Nazis. They made comments such as "Can you imagine?" and "It's beyond comprehension" as they saw a great pile of hair shorn from women prisoners.
Incident involved just one vehicle on the B5111 in Coedana, Llanerchymedd. Road has been closed and diversions are in place. Two police officers are being treated for minor injuries at Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor.
F1's strategy group announced changes to cars and engines on Thursday. The return of refuelling and cars that are five to six seconds a lap faster will be welcomed by drivers and fans alike. New engines will also rev higher and be louder - addressing complaints of some fans and F1 commercial supremo Bernie Ecclestone about the new turbo hybrid engines.
Two men took £200 from Rosskeen Park before making off in the stolen car. Police said the black Citroen C1 was stolen from the Shearwater area. Shop owner Pat O'Reilly said: "This will cost us thousands but we'll pick ourselves up"
Andrew Salina was found seriously injured at his home in Roystonhill. He was pronounced dead at the scene by paramedics. Police Scotland's major investigation team are treating the death as a murder.DCI Paul Livingstone said it appeared a weapon had been used in the "violent incident" He appealed for information about three men seen in the area.
The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) said the seats were a "significant hazard" Emergency workers had to delay their response because some explosive cartridges were still live. A final report is still to be published by the AAIB, but seven safety recommendations have been made in the bulletin.
Narendra Modi joined 37,000 other people to perform a series of asanas - yoga positions - on the lawns outside the Indian parliament. The Indian government's new-found enthusiasm for yoga can be traced directly back to Mr Modi. He's already created a ministry of yoga with its own dedicated yoga minister.
Growing Up in the City is at the Museum of Liverpool until 25 September. The photographs span the period from the 1880s to the 1990s. Curator Kay Jones painstakingly trawled through hundreds of images from the National Museums Liverpool's collections before deciding on the final 25 for the exhibition.
New £35m cancer centre to be built in Withington, Manchester. The centre will focus on lung cancer, melanoma and other cancers. It will be funded by the Higher Education Funding Council for England (HEFCE) The new centre is due to open in 2014.
Sir Mo Farah finishes seventh in men's race at Holyrood Park. Captain Laura Muir anchored Britain to victory in the 4x1km mixed relay. Turkey's Yasemin Can, representing Europe, won the women's race. Britain's Harriet Knowles-Jones claimed the junior women's title.
Several fire appliances were called to the scene at Carnsalloch House. One witness reported damage to the main part of the house at Kirkton. Category A listed building had fallen into a state of disrepair. It had been described as a target for vandals, fireraisers and drug-users.
Wolves have not won in their last eight games in all competitions. The Championship side are currently 19th in the table. They face Sheffield Wednesday at Molineux on Saturday. The match will mark the 30th anniversary of Wolves' move to Molineaux. The club's last home game was against West Bromwich Albion.
There were concerns about the stability of the building, which has been derelict for years. Environment Minister Alex Atwood recommended the demolition in the interests of public safety. Foyle Road, which was closed between the lower deck of the Craigavon Bridge and John Street roundabout, has reopened.
Philip Craig, 38, killed Christopher Laskaris, 24, at his flat in Leeds in November. Craig, from Leeds, then went back to the flat to take more possessions. He was jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years at Leeds Crown Court. The case against a second man - Dempsey Pattison, 22, - who was also charged with murder was discharged in February.
Pre-tax profit fell 49.7% to Â£27.7m in the first half of the year ending 30th June. Firm said its focus for the period had been operational improvements. Boss Richard Glynn said it was now "well positioned for growth"
The airport was closed in 1996 after it was earmarked for housing. A 20-year anniversary exhibition is being held to mark the closure. It will feature press cuttings, photos and memorabilia from the airport's history. The exhibition is open to the public and is free to attend.
The 34ft (10m) catamaran crashed into the turbine off the coast of Cumbria. RNLI lifeboat from Barrow rescued the crew and brought them to shore. One of the men, aged 58, suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital.
Steven Hirschorn said his son Ollie was upset when he lost his lion, Liley. The toy was returned last week along with a photo diary showing Liley driving a buggy and exploring the National Trust property. The lion was found in one of the boxes on the top floor of Hughenden Manor in Buckinghamshire.
British army infantry troops spent less than 47% of their time on the Western Front between 1914 and 1918. Around 27,000 volunteers helped contribute to the research. Information was collected from war diaries posted online, via the Operation War Diary, and logged details such as place names.
The British Deaf Association says the move was long overdue. They made the appeal at an election hustings in Belfast on Tuesday. The event was attended by representatives from the five largest political parties. Ms McAteer said the event provided an opportunity for those attending to learn at first hand more about the issues.
Researchers from Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital, King's College London, Imperial College and Oxford University aim to produce a dynamic wiring diagram of how the brain grows. They hope that by charting the journeys of bundles of nerves in the final three months of pregnancy, doctors will be able to understand more about how they can help when this process goes wrong.
Rooney has scored a record 53 goals in 115 appearances for his country. The 30-year-old has come under scrutiny for a number of disappointing displays. Lampard says Rooney will remain a big player in the England squad. But the former Chelsea and West Ham midfielder thinks he needs to work out his best position for both club and country.
No-one was in the vehicle when it careered rear-end first into the side of the building. Simon Burke said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury. The accident happened in Dromore Road Retail Park in Omagh at about 17:00 BST.
German businesses appreciate Britain's free trade, single market and anti red-tape push. They see this as a counterweight to the EU's more protectionist, interventionist countries. German taxpayers agree with the UK's drive to crack down on welfare claims by migrants. Germany is very keen to avoid having to pay even more into the EU budget.
Andraya Lyons, 39, was found dead in Drew Street, Swindon. Anthony Porter, 32, has been charged with her murder. He has been remanded in custody and will appear at Bristol Crown Court. Her family said: "We are completely devastated to have lost Andraya"
Bolivia is one of the poorest countries in South America. The law sets a sentence of 30 years in jail for child homicide. It also permits 12-year-olds to be contracted to work for others. The ILO says it is studying the legislation to decide whether it breaches international regulations.
Work was due to begin this week on demolishing Prestatyn Community Hospital. But now National Resources Wales has ruled that because seagulls are nesting on the roof, the demolition must be put on hold.Developers Pure Residential and Commercial have bought the site and lodged plans for apartments and houses.
The FTSE 100 index rose 77 points, or 1.1%, to 6,911.4. Most analysts had expected the Fed to hold rates on Wednesday. The dollar fell after US rates were held, which pushed commodity prices up. That led to rises in shares of mining companies, as the price of copper hit a one-month high.
The review will also examine the current repayment threshold and period for student loan debt. It is being carried out as part of the programme for government announced in September. The number of students taking out loans rose by 3.4% to 92,005 in the last year.
The California Coastal Commission gave SeaWorld permission to double its orca enclosures. They also gave the park permission to stop breeding orcas in captivity. It comes after criticism of the way the whales are treated at the park. SeaWorld said it was disappointed with the ruling.
Glenn Murray's stoppage-time winner puts Brighton eight points clear. Barnsley's 4-3 win at Cardiff was the match of the day in the second tier. Ex-Aston Villa man Wes Brown scored on his Blackburn Rovers debut. Bury are celebrating their sixth league win of the season and sit second.
Lewis, 24, featured eight times in the T20 Blast this summer. Milnes, 22, was part of the team that clinched the 2012 County Championship. McKay, 20, deputised for wicketkeeper Tim Ambrose."All three have given everything and it will be sad to see them leave," says Brown.
The increase in would-be buyers was at its lowest point in almost a year during February, the Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (Rics) said. But there are still too few properties coming on to the market, Rics said, which means prices are likely to continue rising.
Group leader Andrew RT Davies said the online row would "not be repeated" Mr Graham backed a Conservative motion in the Senedd in January calling for a review of the possible routes for an M4 relief road. But following the debate he tweeted: "I am confident that when the public inquiry is held the 'black route' will be chosen"
L/Cpl Kyle Cleet Marshall died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast. The 23-year-old, from Newcastle upon Tyne, had been due to marry his fiancee, Hayley, in July. Lt Col Andrew Harrison, commanding officer of the 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment, said he died as he lived.
Twitter boss Dick Costolo outlines new plans for the social network. One feature will let you see what you missed while you were offline. Another will allow you to upload your own videos by the beginning of 2015. The changes are important to Twitter's financial future, given the competition it faces.
Liverpool beat Borussia Dortmund 4-3 to reach the last four of the Champions League. Jurgen Klopp's side were 3-0 down at half-time but fought back to win. Philippe Coutinho, Mamadou Sakho and Dejan Lovren scored for the Reds.
Ladbrokes, Coral and Paddy Power have also suspended betting on the song. The makers of Spectre have yet to announce who will sing the song, though director Sam Mendes has confirmed a song has been recorded. The last band to have that honour was Garbage, who performed the title track for The World is Not Enough in 1999.
She will seek a judicial review against Mark H Durkan. He took the decision to adopt the planning policy without the agreement of the full Northern Ireland Executive. He is accused of taking the decision without the consent of the Northern Ireland Council. He denies the charge and says he acted in the best interests of the community.
The Marchwood Park and Cracknore Hard industrial estates, covering 113.73 acres, were acquired by Associated British Ports. Port director Nick Ridehalgh said the estates would provide "strategic long term value" for the company. Local councillor David Harrison called for a "statement of intent" from ABP.
Chernova, now 27, beat Briton Ennis-Hill to gold at the 2011 World Championships in Korea. Russian anti-doping agency punished Chernova with a two-year ban, backdated to 22 June 2013. Minichiello wants athletics' world governing body the IAAF and the World Anti-Doping Agency to have a "long, hard look" at the Russian agency's punishment.
The choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults. The Dean of Gloucester said including girl choristers would be an "exciting new chapter" in the choir's history. The cathedral is hosting a "come and sing" open day on 9 April with girls and boys aged between seven and 12 invited.
Jin Ok scored the game-winning goal after GB had come back from 2-0 down. The game gives Britain their first point of the tournament but they are bottom of Group A. Britain return to action tomorrow when they face Slovenia at 16:30 (08:30 BST)
Haiti's capital is disorientating. You lose all sense of being on a tropical island in the Caribbean. It is a city crammed with people. Its broken buildings, sewage and rubbish-strewn streets are tough and the bad weather brought by the storm only makes them more inhospitable.
The flight search engine website reported revenues of Â£120m for 2015. gross bookings of $11.2bn, up 49% on 2014, with visitors to the website up 48%. On average, 50m people used the website each month. The Edinburgh-based company saw a rise in the number of people using its mobile app, with 40m downloads.
The London Taxi Company's (LTC) Ansty Park site in Coventry is the home of its new electric taxi, the TX5. The first electric taxis to roll off the production line will go on sale in London in the final quarter of the year. It is the first all-new car factory in the Midlands since 2003, when Aston Martin opened its state-of-the-art plant at Gaydon in Warwickshire.
The 29-year-old was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and wounding with intent. It follows an incident on Oxford Street on 17 March in which a 17-year -old was shot and an 18- year-old knifed. All four men have been bailed until the end of April.
For African leaders, the UN in New York is the place to be seen and heard every September. They are there under the magical veil of diplomatic immunity. This year's gathering has even featured a rock star Pope, and the Catholics among Africa's leadership may have wanted to touch that holy hand.
Some analysts expect the fall in the value of sterling in the event of a Brexit vote. The concern reflects the view that leaving the EU would undermine the UK's economic performance. There would be a period of uncertainty about access to the EU market for British exporters. The ultimate result could be that it would be harder to sell to the European market.
David Prior said he hoped to double production at Bladnoch Distillery. The single malt will be relaunched and he also has plans to introduce a new blend. Mr Prior said it would be aimed at a new generation of whisky drinkers in his homeland. He said it was "very exciting" to have Blad noch in his "stable of businesses"
CBBC will also launch a TV version of the Official Chart Show, presented by Cel Spellman. The new programme will be broadcast live from the Radio 1 studios and will play the top 20 songs of the week. In May, the programme will move from Sunday to Friday evenings.
World has committed to being free of tuberculosis by 2035. But bodies including the WHO say animal TB has been neglected for decades. Raw or unpasteurised milk is one of the most common sources of the infection. It also affects those in close contact with infected animals including vets and farmers.
Andy Murray is the first British singles player to reach top spot since 1973. The 29-year-old ended Novak Djokovic's 122-week stint at the top of the world rankings. Former British number one Robin Henman says it is an "incredible achievement"
The Scot collected £200,000, the biggest ever victory cheque for a tournament outside the UK, after prevailing in a high-quality contest. Higgins led 5-4 after the first session in Guangzhou, but 2015 world champion Bingham won the first two on the resumption.
The U.S. has the highest number of sleep-starved children in the world. Mobile phones and computers are to blame for the problem, experts say. It is so bad that lessons have to be pitched at a lower level to accommodate the students, they say.
Nine US Park Police on horseback accompanied the 55-year-old to the Interior Department's headquarters. He was spotted wearing a black cowboy hat as he made his way through traffic. Interior Department oversees more than 20% of US federal land, including national parks such as Yellowstone and Yosemite.
Charlton say they are working with the EFL and police to investigate. The club says it has been made aware of an allegation of abuse in the 1980s. The allegation was made by former player Eddie Heath, who is now dead. The NSPCC said more than 860 people have called its dedicated football hotline.
Redrow Homes South Wales has submitted plans for up to 630 houses in Radyr. A primary school and community centre are also included in the plans. More than 90 residents have previously objected to the Lisvane proposal.Planning committee councillors will consider both applications on 10 February.
The pair appeared to spit at each other during Wednesday's Premier League game at St James' Park. Referee Anthony Taylor spoke to Evans and Cisse after the first-half incident, but neither was booked. The Football Association says it is waiting for Taylor's report before deciding whether any action is needed.
George Verrier was treated by officers who were called to an altercation involving about 20 people in Bromley in the early hours of Sunday. He did not want to be taken to hospital, said police, but was found unconscious several hours later in nearby Ferndale. He died in hospital. A 17-year-old arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.
Hoilett joined on a free transfer on 10 October and was Warnock's first signing as Bluebirds boss. The 26-year-old Canadian worked with Warnock at previous club QPR. Hoilett made his Cardiff debut in Friday's 2-1 Championship win over Bristol City.
RMT claims Dutch firm Abellio is plundering a Â£1m-a-month profit. ScotRail said it had invested hundreds of millions of pounds on new trains. A Scottish government spokesman said: "Any notion excessive profits are siphoned off is quite simply a fallacy"
Shillington will continue to play Twenty20 internationals. The 36-year-old scored 1,276 runs, including six half-centuries, in an ODI career which began in August 1997. Ireland were bowled out for 166 with a ball of their 50 overs to spare.
Sofiane Feghouli was sent off in West Ham's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United. Referee Mike Dean has shown five red cards in 15 matches this season. West Ham manager Slaven Bilic questioned Dean's decision to send off the midfielder. Former player Tony Cascarino said Dean lost all control of the game.
More than 12,600 cases were discontinued from 2014 to 2015 - one in every eight Crown Court cases. Proportion of cases resulting in a conviction fell below the 80% mark for the first time since 2010-11. CPS said cases were kept under "constant review" BBC home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said 70% of dropped prosecutions offered 'no evidence'
Arsenal host Chelsea in the FA Cup final at Wembley on Saturday. BBC Radio 1 DJ Lawro is top of the leaderboard ahead of the game. DJ A.Dot and Arsenal Fan TV host Robbie Lyle back the Gunners. Radio One DJ Adele Roberts and Chelsea Fan TV's Sophie Rose back the Blues.
Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board (ABMU) is forecast to over spend by £146m this year. The health board, which covers Swansea and Bridgend, said it was attempting to cut agency staff costs. The Welsh Government has called for a significant improvement in the financial performance.
The 20-year-old is aiming to be the first British gymnast to compete in the Olympics since 1996. He has already won a silver medal at the European Championships. "I can't forget I was born in South Africa," he says. "It's been a long time since I've been here"
The alleged attack took place in Malton Crescent, North Shields. Simonik Da Costa, 41, of Charlotte Street, Wallsend, was also charged with common assault and possession of an offensive weapon. She was remanded in custody and will appear before North Tyneside Magistrates' Court on Monday.
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 55.47 points to 20,006.94. The wider S&P 500 index rose 9.77 points to 2,399.29. The Nasdaq index also increased, closing up 25.42 points at 6,100.76.
Anis Abid Sardar, 38, denies murder, conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion. Sgt Randy Johnson, 34, was killed in an explosion near Baghdad in 2007. Mr Sardar was arrested seven years after the bombs were recovered from a dusty road.
Liverpool cancelled a meeting with Raheem Sterling on Friday because of comments attributed to the player's agent. Aidy Ward reportedly said the England forward will not sign a new deal even if offered "£900,000 a week" Rodgers said Sterling would be available for selection for the team's last game of the Premier League season against Stoke on Sunday.
A heatwave in Spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the UK. This is called a Spanish plume. It could also mean hot and humid storms later this week. We spoke to our resident weather expert Simon King to find out more.
Public health review says alcohol is now more affordable and people are drinking more than they did 40 years ago. Alcohol is the leading risk factor for ill health, early death and disability in those aged 15 to 49 in England. Those in poorer communities are more likely to suffer or die from alcohol-related disease.
Stewart took over the show in 1999 and established himself as one of the most influential satirists in the US. He is being replaced by the South African comedian Trevor Noah. The Daily Show has often been cited as a leading news source for young people, with an average audience of one million viewers.
Fergus Ewing said it meant 16,521 farmers had now received their Common Agricultural Policy payments. The government has been facing pressure to deal with "failures" in the subsidies payment system. Any fine may be waived and an extension to the deadline no longer required if a 90% target is met.
Education Workforce Council figures showed 13 of 34 staff were barred for such conduct from August 2013 to 2015. Two more were suspended, while three others were banned for other misconduct involving sexual content. National Union of Teachers said it was not a common occurrence in schools. Some staff got into trouble out of naivety, rather than malice, charity says.
Thousands of customers report problems with Nintendo's new Switch console. Analyst says it is "unbelievable" Nintendo let the devices leave the factory. Nintendo says problems are "normal and should not be considered a defect" Sales figures suggest it has become the fastest-selling games console in Japanese company's history.
Carl Frampton will fight Leo Santa Cruz at the Barclays Centre in New York. The Northern Irishman has been stripped of his IBF world super bantamweight title. He is aiming to become the first Northern Ireland boxer to win world titles at different weights. Santa Cruz is a three-weight world champion and is undefeated in his 33 professional fights.
Restrictions are in place between 11:00 and 18:00 on two sections of Fishergate. They were introduced on a trial basis on 31 October 2016 to reduce congestion. Lancashire County Council spokesman said almost 16,000 had already paid their fines. Association of British Drivers said bus lanes were "discriminatory"
The Zimbabwean hit 10 boundaries in his 207-ball knock before he was lbw to left-arm spinner Jack Leach (3-77) Leach earlier bowled England batsman James Vince for a third-ball duck as the visitors struggled to 92-4. Ryan McLaren, though, scored 61 as he and Sean Ervine added 118, while Lewis McManus was 41 not out.
Stella has spent a number of years travelling to a variety of countries, working as a nanny and teaching French to children. Her latest job has taken her to Saudi Arabia. She wanted to take pictures which captured how she felt when she was there, and the neon did that.
5% of people accessing Google every day have been caught out by at least one malicious extension. About a third have four or more bad add-ons installed in their browser. Google has removed 192 actively malicious extensions from its Chrome catalogue. About 14 million people had been tricked into using these extensions.
Lt Gen Morrison was named Australian of the Year at a ceremony in Canberra on Monday. His comments come amid mounting pressure on the government to restart the debate. Critics have said republicans have yet to propose a viable alternative to being a constitutional monarchy. All but one of Australia's state and territory leaders signed a document supporting dropping the Queen as head of state.
Newcastle beat West Ham 2-0 at St James' Park. Ayoze Perez and Georginio Wijnaldum scored for the Magpies. Nikica Jelavic scored for West Ham after a stray backpass by Chancel Mbemba. Steve McClaren's side move out of the relegation zone.
Olympic silver medallist Joe Joyce is the oldest male fighter in the British squad. IBF heavyweight champion Anthony Joshua says Joyce is a "unique" fighter waiting to make the transition to the pro ranks. Team GB fighter can earn up to £28,000 a year in basic training, physio, nutrition and living costs.
Theresa May is spending the bulk of her time in front line seats. Jeremy Corbyn is holding events in safe Labour seats and in Tory seats which, the polls suggest, are very unlikely to be won. But he is not doing much in the zone in between, where seats are most likely to change hands.
The story of Akong Tulku Rinpoche was screened at the Samye Ling site he founded in Eskdalemuir. A Remarkable Life covers everything from his birth in Tibet in 1939 to his murder in China in 2013. He authorised the film to be made which was given its premiere in southern Scotland.
Philip Hammond says the extra money will help support a system that is "clearly under pressure" Social care chiefs have said they will need to spend nearly £20bn on services this year. But councils are still nearly £1bn short of what they need. By 2020 that funding gap is predicted to grow to £2.6bn.
Charlie Alliston was 18 when he allegedly hit Kim Briggs while going 20mph. Mrs Briggs, 44, suffered brain injuries and died in hospital days later. Mr Alliston, now 20, is on trial for manslaughter, which he denies. He also denies causing bodily harm by wanton or furious driving.
Bernard Hender, 19, and Doug McTavish, 39, died in the blaze. Fire engineer said there was "no compelling evidence" it started in the dryer. But he said he could not rule out that it started from the machine's starter switch.
Petty Officer Aimee Mejia, 21, was involved in a three-car accident on Saturday. Police said she was driving the wrong way down a street and hit two vehicles. A local woman was left with a cracked breastbone. US personnel will not be allowed to drink at all, on or off base, and cannot leave the base grounds.
Tory MPs were kept in Westminster for a party election briefing from Lynton Crosby. Labour and Lib Dem MPs were heading off to their constituencies to campaign. The change would put in a secret ballot, instead. The importance of this is that open opposition to a sitting Speaker, who is then re-elected, can invite years of retribution.
YouTube said the video has been viewed more than 2,147,483,647 times. It has now changed the maximum view limit to 9,223,372,036,854,775,808. The second most-watched video on YouTube - Baby by Justin Bieber - lags behind Gangnam Style.
Tries from Macgraff Leuluai, Ah Van and Chris Bridge gave Widnes a 14-6 half-time lead. Cas loanee Paddy Flynn responded against his parent club. Ah Van, Lloyd White (2) and Joe Mellor tries made it 38-12. Larne Patrick, Luke Gale and Flynn's hat-trick score for Cas.
Doctors in Kiev used a method called pronuclear transfer. They fertilised the mother's egg with her partner's sperm. They then transferred the combined genes into an egg taken from a donor. The child has the genetic identity of the parents, alongside a tiny amount of DNA from the second woman.
University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust was rated as inadequate in an inspection by the Care Quality Commission (CQC) It said the Royal Lancaster Infirmary and Furness General Hospital in Barrow needed to improve the quality of care. The trust said it was "part-way through a process of significant improvement"
Hull KR drop out of Super League after a 10-year spell in the top flight. Red Devils trailed 18-10 with two minutes left at the Lightstream Stadium. But a second try from Niall Evalds and Greg Johnson's score levelled the scores. O'Brien's missed conversion forced extra-time but he responded with a drop-goal.
Pupils, teachers and parents interviewed in several countries say they have no links to suspicious activities. Turkey says the schools are part of a vast and secretive network which the Gulen movement has used to build a powerbase and infiltrate state institutions. Supporters of the schools say they are no more than a loose affiliation of institutions that share common values.
Agnius Naumovas was found on Margaret's Avenue on Christmas Day. He was taken to hospital, where his injuries were described as serious. The Lithuanian, who was 29, died on Thursday evening. A 41-year-old man was arrested in Waterford on Friday morning.
Charlie Mulgrew's free-kick and Danny Guthrie's strike put Rovers ahead. Lasse Vibe flicked one back before Craig Conway's spot-kick made it 3-1. But Britt Assombalonga's goal to put Forest ahead at the City Ground dropped Rovers back into the bottom three. Birmingham only leading 1-0 against Bristol City at Ashton Gate.
Four out of five children in England who ate school lunches had not tried food at home. Carrots, sweetcorn and peas were the most popular vegetables. School meals in England now have to comply with strict nutritional guidelines. About 46% of children in Scotland also eat school meals.
The 56-year-old man, from Essex, was pronounced dead at the scene. No-one else was in the aircraft, which crashed in a field in Middle Stoke. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) is investigating the cause of the crash.
Eugenijus Tulauskas, from Lithuania, was up to four times over the maritime limit when arrested in September last year. A pilot had to take control of the container ship to ensure its safe passage into harbour. The 44-year-old seaman was fined Â£1,500 at Belfast Magistrates' Court.
Mexico's central bank governor Agustin Carstens is known for his rotund figure, which is often portrayed in Mexican political cartoons. He graduated with an economics degree from the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico, before collecting both a master's and PhD in economics. While at the bank, he gained first-hand experience of dealing with financial crises.
Relations with Iran have been shaky since the Islamic Revolution in 1979. Move follows a deal agreed by Iran with six world powers on curbing its nuclear programme. Iraqi forces are engaged in heavy clashes with Sunni Islamist militants across the country, amid reports Iran is providing military assistance to its historic rival.
Luke Berry came closest to opening the scoring in the first half but saw his effort from Piero Mingoia's low cross deflected narrowly off target. Berry powered another attempt just wide of Chris Day's near post on the stroke of half-time. Stevenage wasted their big chance 18 minutes from time when Leon Legge gave the ball away in a dangerous position to top scorer Matt Godden.
The Swift Archway Cranford 545 caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire, on Thursday night. Davis tweeted: "Even though it was locked up with hitch & wheel lock! I want to swear... #rotters" He added thieves could have "headed north or south on A1, or west on A14"
The dinner in Edinburgh on 26 May is thought to be one of his first major addresses since his term as president came to an end. He will also answer questions from the audience at the event, which is being held to raise money for charity. The Hunter Foundation has previously arranged for US politicians and actors including Bill Clinton and George Clooney to come to Scotland.
Belgium banned the wearing of partial or total face veils in public in 2011. The court agreed that the ban sought to guarantee the concept of "living together" and the "protection of the rights and freedoms of others" The European Court of Human Rights is an international court set up in 1959.
Martin Gallagher, 25, faces a charge under the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act. Prosecutors claim Gallagher committed the offence at the Parkhead clash on September 10 which Celtic won 5-1. The charge also states two "inflatable figures" were shown which were "fashioned in a threatening and offensive manner"
CCTV suggests the police report was slightly more dramatic than the actual incident. Greater Manchester Police (GMP) has approached the BBC for comment. The incident happened in Altrincham, Greater Manchester, on 19 July. The woman is said to have hit the offender over the head with a packet of bacon.
Alfredo Jauregui was convicted of killing former President Jose Manuel Pando in 1917. He and three others spent 10 years in jail before being executed by firing squad. The film was censored as soon as it was released and remained unseen for 85 years. The FCB Foundation has digitised and restored a few frames of the film.
Markets rallied in part because the rate raise may not be very soon, as the US economy is weaker than the rate setters thought back in December. The key forecasts for the economy and inflation were all downgraded. The last rate hike was eight years ago in 2007 and it's been at rock bottom pretty much since the 2008 financial crisis.
Isle of Wight's Conservative Association Executive Council voted against a motion of no confidence in Andrew Turner. Opponents said Mr Turner caused "turmoil" over his personal arrangements and past expenses. Mr Turner, who had a stroke in 2006 and now suffers from the speech disability known as aphasia, said he won over members of the executive by "telling the truth"
Ayshah went to Liverpool to find out if she's got what it takes to become a WWE Superstar. Watch her get some help from Finn Balor, Enzo Amore, Big Cass and Bayley!Pictures courtesy of WWE Network. Back to Mail Online home. back to the page you came from.
Dong Nguyen, who created the game in just two to three days, was making as much as $50,000 (Â£30,482) a day from the game's advertising revenue. The game was free to download and required players to tap the screen to keep the bird in flight. It went viral after being promoted almost entirely by social media users.
Protest comes ahead of an EU leaders' meeting over the crisis. David Cameron will attend the summit in Brussels, which will discuss a response. Amnesty UK director Kate Allen said: "EU governments must now urgently turn their rhetoric into action to stop more people drowning on their way to Europe"
Nine places are available on the six-week Royal Household Hospitality Scholarship initiative. Successful applicants will be attached to the Master of the Household's department, which looks after all planning and entertaining given by the Queen. Training could include learning complex chocolate and sugar craft or performing duties for the Queen's guests at Royal Ascot.
The world number two won 6-2 6-0 in 66 minutes. Murray will next play Rafael Nadal, who beat Stan Wawrinka 6-1 6-4. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beat Roger Federer 6-3 2-6 7-5, and Gael Monfils beat Marcel Granollers.
Forensic expert says Oscar Pistorius was not wearing prosthetic legs when he broke down door with cricket bat. Prosecution says he tried to beat down the door and then fired the gun. Pistorius denies intentionally killing Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013. If found guilty, the 27-year-old could face life imprisonment.
Luxuries like chocolate and fruit were very difficult to find during the war. Families had to grow their own food to survive and ration their food. Watch Martin's report to find out more about the war's impact on families in the war-torn region of Germany.
