Prison Link Cymru had 1,099 referrals in 2015-16 and said some ex-offenders were living rough for up to a year before finding suitable accommodation. Workers at the charity claim investment in housing would be cheaper than jailing homeless repeat offenders. Welsh Government said more
Officers searched properties in the Waterfront Park and Colonsay View areas. Detectives said three firearms, ammunition and a five-figure sum of money were recovered. A 26-year-old man who was arrested and charged appeared at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday.
Jordan Hill, Brittany Covington and Tesfaye Cooper, all 18, and Tanishia. Covington, 24, appeared in a Chicago court on Friday. The four have been charged with hate crimes and aggravated kidnapping and battery. An online fundraiser for their victim has collected $51
The 48-year-old former Arsenal goalkeeper played for the Royals for four years. He was appointed youth academy director in 2000 and has been director of football since 2003. West Brom twice won promotion to the Premier League in 2006 and 2012.
Experiments were on mice put on modified form of the "fasting-mimicking diet" When people go on it they spend five days on a low calorie, low protein, low carbohydrate but high unsaturated-fat diet. It resembles a vegan diet with nuts and soups,
France's Essilor is the world's number one manufacturer of lenses and contact lenses. Italy's Luxottica is the leading frame manufacturer. If the deal goes through later this year the new company will become a behemoth. It will sell not only lenses and frames but will also be stocking
Wendy Houvenaghel accuses British Cycling of "ageism" and having "zero regard" for her welfare. She is the latest high-profile cyclist to come forward after Jess Varnish, Nicole Cooke and Emma Pooley criticised the World Class programme. Houvenag
Kareem Badr and two friends bought Austin comedy club for $20,000 in 2009. Three years later he was able to quit his day job and draw a salary from the club. He now employs around 25 part time and contract workers, and has expanded the premises. Com
Ofcom said there were 'practical obstacles' to a break-up. Complications with land deals and BT's pension scheme meant it would take years. The pension scheme has assets of about Â£40bn and a deficit, on some measures, of aboutÂ£10bn
Celtic take on Rangers in the Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park. Brendan Rodgers' side beat Rangers 5-1 at Celtic Park in the league last month. Rodgers lost two semi-finals in his time at Liverpool.
Job losses will be among both academic and non-academic staff. Queen's has a current intake of around 4,500 undergraduates per year. University aims to reduce the number of student places by 1,010 over the next three years.
East Sussex NHS Trust put mix-up down to external company distributing letters. Leaflets said patient had been referred for an urgent appointment as symptoms might indicate cancer. Trust has now contacted everyone affected to apologise and explain what went wrong.
Emily Thornberry said Labour would not "frustrate" the bill if it failed to amend it. Ten shadow ministers were among 47 MPs who defied party orders to back it last week. Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said frontbenchers would have to quit if they defied whip. Draft legislation
The Gulls sold O'Kane to the Cherries for £175,000 in 2012. A 15% sell-on clause was included in the deal, but Nicholson says he won't be getting any money. The club were forced to close down the academy and drastically reduce the
Iwan Wyn Lewis was sectioned at Ysbyty Gwynedd after allegedly assaulting his mother. The 36-year-old was visited by an officer in April 2016 about his bail arrangements. Consultant psychiatrist Dr Olufemi Adebajo said he was 'extremely unhappy' about
The 33-year-old has featured only twice for the Foxes this season. Taylor-Fletcher signed a new one-year deal with the Premier League newcomers in the summer. Former Blackpool forward scored three goals in 23 games for his parent club last season.
Scientists fear the Trump administration will curb access to climate and other research. President-elect has blown hot and cold on the issue of climate change. Dr Waleed Abdalati served as Nasa's chief scientist in 2011, for two years. He says it is too early to tell
Bradbury joined The Specials in 1979, and continued with reversioned band The Special AKA. The band's representatives said the drummer died in England but no cause of death was given. Billy Bragg: "A bad day for good music. First we lose Lemmy, now
Woods missed the cut at Torrey Pines after a level-par second round of 72. Overnight leader Rose carded a one-under 71 to put him on eight under. Woods is playing in just his second tournament since 15 months out with a back injury.
Cole suffered kidney failure in 2015 after contracting an airborne virus. The 45-year-old has just returned to his role as a Manchester United ambassador. He is not even allowed to fly to Barcelona for a United legends game.
Pakistan's telecoms regulator lifts ban on YouTube. Regulator says ban lifted because Google has launched Pakistan-specific version. Many young Pakistanis have welcomed the lifting of the ban. But some activists want details of the deal with Google.
Leicester's Sam Harrison has signed a new deal with the club. Scrum-half was injured in last week's win over Exeter. Director of rugby Richard Cockerill says he will be out for eight to 10 weeks.
Great Britain win team pursuit gold in world record time. Welshman Doull adds to the four Welsh silver medallists in Rio. Sir Bradley Wiggins becomes first Briton to win eight Olympic medals - five golds, one silver and two bronzes - as GB win third successive team
The death toll has doubled over the last two days as waters recede in Assam. Officials estimate that the floods have affected 450,000 people in the state. Prime Minister Narendra Modi is due to visit Assam on Tuesday.
Bridget and Jonathan Reid, from Moy, near Tomatin in the Highlands, tied the knot at Nevis Range, near Fort William, on Friday. The couple first's date six years ago was a skiing trip, so they decided it would be appropriate to get married on skis.
Hong Kong regulators said RBS's controls were "seriously inadequate" The fine follows the conviction of former RBS trader, Shirlina Tsang, for fraud last year. She was sentenced to 50 months in prison after being caught falsifying records.
Best actress winner Emma Stone says Mia could win a Bafta or Oscar. Viola Davis says anyone who labels Meryl Streep an 'overrated' actress 'doesn't know anything about acting' "I'm a little bit wobbly," admits Dev Patel after winning supporting actor
World number one lost in straight sets to Jordan Thompson at Queen's Club. It was the sixth time he has lost to a player outside the top 20 this year. Murray has had shingles and an elbow problem, and now his left hip is a cause for concern. The Scot
Mandla Hlatshwayo and his friend were shot after confronting a group of men. The men had robbed women of their mobile phones in a pub in Soweto. Tributes are still pouring in for the star who was also a DJ on local radio station Jozi FM.
Witnesses heard a gun being fired near Anfield Road Primary School at 09:00 GMT. Pupils and staff at nearby All Saints Catholic Primary School ordered to stay indoors. Police are making house-to-house inquiries and studying CCTV footage of the area. Ch Supt Mark Harrison
Olympic champion, 29, was third overall at the end of a promising first day with a score of 3,928 points. Brianne Theisen-Eaton leads ahead of the final event with 5,834 points.
Manor's operating company Just Racing Services has been in administration since 6 January. Joint administrator FRP Advisory has been unable to find a buyer for the team. Manor staff were told they will be made redundant by the close of business on Tuesday. The team's collapse leaves 10 teams
DUP is fielding the most candidates with 38, followed by Sinn FÃ©in on 34. West Tyrone, East Londonderry and East Antrim have the largest number of candidates. The constituency with the fewest - nine - is Newry and Armagh.
Drew asked: "Should I get my cash now or should I wait? Will there be much change between now and then?" Anthony Reuben, from BBC Reality Check, had this answer: "The exchange rate between the pound and the dollar reflects the views of investors about the relative strengths of
Zoe Waters, 19, from Bishop Auckland, is a student at Newcastle University. More than 300 people entered Alternative Model of the Year. The final was held at Northumbria University in Newcastle.
The Yomper statue was created by Philip Jackson, depicting a royal marine marching across the islands during the 1982 conflict. The National Museum of the Royal Navy is planning to relocate the Royal Marines Museum from Eastney to Portsmouth Historic Dockyard. An online petition against moving the statue has attracted more
Suspect appeared at the Old Bailey accused of failing to contact a monitoring company and report to a police station twice in January. He was one of nine British citizens subject to a TPim when figures were last disclosed in March. The Home Office has refused to comment on the case.
Anyon took 199 wickets in 63 first-class appearances for Sussex between 2010 and 2014. He will also coach the women's under-19 and under-21 sides. The 33-year-old takes over from Charlotte Burton, whom he assisted last season.
Brown has also had spells at Bradford, Doncaster, Oldham, Coventry, Ipswich, Watford and Carlisle. The 23-year-old younger brother of Sunderland's Wes Brown had been on trial with the Shakers. He is available for Bury's League One opener
Directed by Kenneth Branagh, Cinderella is a live-action version of Disney's classic 1950 animation. British actress Lily James, best known as Lady Rose from ITV's Downton Abbey, stars as Cinderella. Cate Blanchett plays the stepmother and Helena Bonham Carter is
For the first time in Eurovision history, the host nation barred another country's singer. Russia's Julia Samoilova performed in Crimea, the Ukrainian peninsula annexed by Russia a year earlier. Ukraine's 2016 winning entry, 1944, sung by Jamala, was about Joseph Stalin's deportation of Crimea's
Alex McKechnie, then 16, was in the crowd for The Beatles' first show at the Cavern. He says the Beatles were the complete package: "They had two great singers. They always did harmonies" "They were the epitome of rebellion in Liverpool because they weren
47% of working South Africans earn less than the wage. Government says it will consult on the issue but hopes to introduce a minimum wage within two years. Critics say it could put more people out of work as employers might not be able to afford the higher wages.
For many of Ethiopia's Horn allies, the death of Meles Zenawi comes at an awkward moment. Mr Meles was a complex figure, hard to pigeon-hole, much less force into a one-dimensional portrait frame. Since 1991 he has been the undisputed and pre-em
Azhar Azhar's 110-ball half-century saw him pass 1,000 Test runs in 2016. Australia lead the three-Test series 1-0, having beaten Pakistan by 39 runs at the Gabba. Only 50.5 overs were possible at the MCG with Jackson Bird
The by-election was called after Deidre Brock and Maggie Chapman stood down. The SNP's John Lewis Ritchie topped the Leith Walk poll with 2,290 votes. Scottish Labour's Marion Donaldson received 1,623 votes, ahead of Susan Rae of the Greens.
Kremlin spokesman says Russian air force will continue support of Syrian forces. Russian foreign ministry says US refusal to co-operate would be a gift to "terrorists" US Secretary of State John Kerry warns the US is "on the verge" of suspending talks with Russia over Syria.
Hooker Hughes and flanker Evans have been included in Wales' squad for June's Junior World Championship. Wales play Ireland, Georgia and New Zealand in Pool A in Manchester. Hughes, 20, featured for Llandovery during the 2015-16 season while Evans, 19, has played
Russian foreign ministry spokeswoman Maria Zakharova says Obama administration is "unpredictable, even aggressive" CNN Moscow correspondent Steve Rosenberg: "Russia does not share America's interests. It has consistently sought to undermine them" Medvedev: "Sad that the Obama administration, which started its
Jeremy Corner is proposing a complete handbrake turn in saying that university tuition should not cost students anything. It's a bolder step than Labour's previous leader, who two years ago opted for a halfway house of cutting fees to £6,000 - and then was accused of pleasing
Eleven people were killed when a vintage Hawker Hunter jet crashed into traffic on the A27. West Sussex chief fire officer Sean Ruth said the recovery operation was 'extremely challenging' Sussex Police have also finished their work at the scene, but investigations are continuing.
NSA chief Dan Coats says it's not "appropriate" to discuss conversations with the president. Comments follow report that President Donald Trump asked him to derail the Russia investigation. National Security Agency chief Admiral Mike Rogers also declines to comment on the matter.
The Rev Al Sharpton tweeted about a performance by Prince and Steve Wonder. Spokesman Josh Earnest confirmed a private party was held on Saturday. Guests were said to include lobbyists, CEOs and celebrities.
Causanagh Road, Loughgall Tannyoky Road, Poyntzpass Carrowreagh Road. Dundonald Edenticullo Road, Hillsborough New Line Road.
Dr Ravi Agrawal is the host of BBC One's Doctor in the House. He tries to help Emma Gleeson, 34, who suffers from anxiety, depression and panic attacks. By changing her diet, Dr Rangan experienced a reduction in anxiety, an improvement in mood and fewer
Go Set a Watchman will be the 88-year-old American author's first release since the 1960s. The surprise move prompted some suggestions Lee was manipulated into publishing the decades-old manuscript. To Kill a Mockingbird was published in July 1960 and has sold more than 40 million copies around
Main trauma hospital in rebel-held eastern part of Aleppo hit in air strike for third time in a week. Washington blames Russia and the Syrian government for intensifying attacks against civilians. Russia says it regrets US move, accusing it of shifting blame for collapse of last month's truce.
News of London's first Muslim mayor has prompted headlines around the world. Politicians and city leaders have taken to Twitter to congratulate Mr Khan. Der Spiegel: "London is more liberal, clever and tolerant than the Conservative mudslingers would like to think" Jemima Goldsmith
Parishioners at St Paul's, Shipley, posted the video on Facebook in February. It was viewed more than 30,000 times and attracted media coverage across UK. The new vicar, Henriette Howarth, will take up the post next week.
Kevin de Bruyne could miss up to 13 league and cup games. Everton goalkeeper Joel Robles apologises for his reaction to the Belgian's injury. The 24-year-old changed the game from the bench but fell awkwardly in injury time.
Police say there is no indication of a political or terrorist motive for the attack. The attacker, a 27-year-old Swiss man, also died on Sunday, they said. Five other people were hurt when the man set fire to the train and stabbed passengers.
Flybe passenger aircraft was flying at about 900ft (275m) Drone was about 2 miles (3km) from Cornwall Airport Newquay. Devon and Cornwall Police conducted a search of the area but have not found the drone or operator.
The grey seal was found at Cruden Bay on Tuesday. The Scottish SPCA removed the seal from beach and took it to rescue centre. Ch Insp John Carle said: "The amount of netting was the largest I have ever seen"
Collection includes letters from Prince Charles and Truman Capote. One of the most prized items is only surviving notebook from 1933 trek. Thousands of items occupy 16 metres of shelving and took a year to catalog.
Mr Roache won 56.7% of the vote, the only other candidate Paul McCarthy had 43.3%. The union is the third largest in the UK with more than 600,000 members. Current general secretary Paul Kenny announced in the summer he was standing down.
The Dreaming Room is the follow-up to her Mercury Prize-nominated debut, 2013's Sing To The Moon. Second album is due in June and her newest track Phenomenal Woman has just debuted as Annie Mac's hottest record on BBC Radio 1. Laura kicked off the new
Jonas Gutierrez had an operation to remove his left testicle in September 2014. Argentine made his return to the Newcastle first team for the 1-0 defeat by Manchester United. Gutierrez joined the Magpies from Real Mallorca in July 2008 and is out of contract
Exeter City made a profit of £1.642m for 2014-15, mainly due to the sale of Matt Grimes to Swansea. The club's accounts also show that Exeter had a surplus of shareholders' funds of £761,000. Exeter are hoping to redevelop St
Abdullah Hayayei was pronounced dead at the scene at Newham Leisure Centre. The 36-year-old was due to compete at the World Para-athletics Championships in London. IPC vice president Majid Rashed says throwing cage collapsed on his head.
Manufacturers reported their highest growth in new orders for nearly three years. In retail, there was also a return to optimism - though only just, and despite profitability being squeezed. The weakest of the five sectors covered was finance and business services.
Lawyers investigating allegations for the Home Office say they have uncovered more than 80 possible miscarriages of justice relating to undercover policing. Investigations revealed officers had also had relationships with women while undercover, and used the names of dead children. Helen Steel, who had a relationship with an undercover officer
Jerome Kaino scored an early try for New Zealand. Handre Pollard kicked four penalties for the Springboks. Beauden Barrett and Ma'a Nonu crossed for tries for the All Blacks. New Zealand will play either Australia or Argentina in the final.
Wellington monument on the Blackdown Hills, in Somerset, was built in 1817. Since 2005 it has been fenced off because of falling stone debris. The National Trust is using ground-penetrating radar on the tower.
Sales jumped from €9.4bn to €10.5bn, an increase of 11%. Group's clothes can now be bought online in around 40 countries, it said. Chairman and CEO Pablo Isla emphasised firm's investment in technology.
Gaga has been rehearsing for her Super Bowl halftime show for a week and a half. She has a high standard to live up to - notably Prince's show in 2007. Super Bowl performers get a strict 12-minute time limit, so most cram their set with music. But
Laura, who was abused by the gang from the age of 13 until she was 17, said the targeting of girls by Asian men was still going on in Greater Manchester. It comes as a documentary, The Betrayed Girls is being shown on BBC One about nine Asian men jailed for grooming teenage girls
Torrents of water brought down a suspended ceiling and damaged stock. Top floor of Victoria Centre store was under three inches of water. Managers had hoped for a weekend reopening but it is now closed "until further notice"
More than 400,000 comments with remarkably similar wording have been detected in recent days. Net neutrality proponents argue that all internet traffic should be equal. One expert described bot activity as a new form of protest. The rate at which comments were posted also seemed suspicious, starting and stopping in bursts
Sale have moved home games back to Friday nights for the upcoming season. The Premiership side moved from Edgeley Park in Stockport to AJ Bell Stadium in Barton in 2012. Former England and British and Irish Lions prop Cotton returned to Sale after Simon Orange's takeover in June.
Moana is the second-highest Thanksgiving debut of all time, behind Frozen. JK Rowling's Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them fell to second on the US chart. Warren Beatty's first film in 15 years, Rules Don't Apply, took just $2.2m (£
The third seed beat the American wildcard 6-3 6-1 in just over an hour. Konta, the world number 18, hit 11 aces on her way to a comfortable victory. The 25-year-old will play China's Saisai Zheng in the last
It happened on the Linn Road in the town at about 14:05 BST on Sunday. Two men have been taken to hospital for treatment for their injuries. Police have appealed for anyone with information about the attack to contact them.
Emile, who died of Ebola in December 2013, used to play in a hollow tree in Meliandou. Villagers said that the tree burned on March 24, 2014 and that once the tree caught fire, there was a 'rain of bats' A large number of these insectiv
Bingham won the World Championship in 2015 and reached the semi-finals of the 2016 event. The 39-year-old was knocked out by eventual winner Ronnie O'Sullivan. Bingham said his wife has been supportive in wanting him to play at the tournament.
Council could not wait for consent to begin work on listed building. Up to Â£650,000 has been set aside for the work. Parts of the Grade ll pier will be saved, catalogued and stored.
Castle Mill development at Port Meadow, by the River Thames, has been widely criticised. The five-storey university blocks provide 439 accommodation units. Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE) will put its case to a High Court judge on 23 October.
Dave Baker, of Olympus Trust which operates near Bristol, said government cuts had left it at "crisis point" Department for Education said new funding plans would increase trust's budget by 2.4%. Olympus Trust runs one secondary, one all-through school and five primary acad
Liberia and DR Congo set to set aside forested areas as reserves to curb carbon emissions. But experts warn that creating national parks often involves removing people who live in these areas. Designating forest reserves could displace as many as 1.3 million people. Costs of compensating
Skull was found by workers doing a survey of the junction four roundabout near Telford. Police said the skull was that of an adult male and had been there for at least two years. West Mercia Police said "further skeletal remains" were found close to the skull.
Dusmatov, 23, was awarded a unanimous points victory. Martinez, 24, is the first Olympic boxing finalist from Colombia. The United States' Nico Hernandez, 20, and Cuban world champion Joahnys Argilagos took bronze after losing in the semi-finals.
Unions representing university support staff are balloting on the offer. UCU says its members have suffered a real-terms pay cut of 14.% since 2009. Universities and Colleges Employers Association said the walkout was "disappointing given the very good pay offer"
East Dunbartonshire Council wants to build new denominational primary school in Bearsden. It wants to merge St Joseph's Primary with St Andrew's Primary in neighbouring Milngavie. Parents at both schools and Catholic Church have been fighting the plan. Scottish government has called in
Kazuyoshi first played for Brazilian side Santos in 1986. The striker's deal will see his career span over 30 years. Miura holds the record as the oldest scorer in Japanese football.
Security forces are reported to have used tear gas against stone-throwing protesters. They also surrounded the hometown of Burhan Wani, 22, who was killed fighting Indian troops last year. Separately seven people reported to be killed in shelling across the Line of Control. There has
With the banks there is a possibility of a general rise in risk aversion, and some might have difficulty borrowing in the inter-bank market. The ultimate danger from that is that they might be unable to make debt payments as they come due. Central banks can address that by lending them extra money
Easter won the European Challenge Cup and reached the Champions Cup final at Saints after joining from Nottingham. He will now take up his teaching position at Wrekin College in Shropshire after the final game of the season at Newcastle on Saturday.
Tawel Fan ward at Glan Clwyd Hospital, Denbighshire, closed more than three years ago. Report found some patients were treated like animals and families were told treatment may have contributed to their deaths. Betsi Cadwaladr health board said an investigation was under way
Declan Paul Butcher had 51 previous convictions including eight assaults. He was sentenced to 14 months in prison at Londonderry Crown Court. CCTV footage showed his first victim being knocked unconscious. A second man suffered a double jaw fracture.
Hope Solo will miss matches against France and England. Solo tested positive for a banned substance in 2012 but was cleared of any wrongdoing. The 33-year-old will take a break to 'decompress from the stress of the last several months' Her husband Jerramy Stevens
Omar Khan, 31, had worked at The Johnson Partnership in Nottingham for five years. He admitted conspiracy to supply the Class A drug at Nottingham Crown Court. Khan was remanded in custody along with Erlin Manahasa, Albert Dibra and Nazaquat Ali.
Specially trained officers will begin carrying the stun weapons over the next few weeks. It brings the Scottish force into line with their counterpart in England, where Tasers have been used since 2011. The weapons are used to incapacitate suspects through the use of an electric current. British Transport Police
UKSE is the Tata Steel subsidiary set up to assist growing companies in traditional steel areas. ID Systems works in the industrial and commercial utilities sector. The company, which already employs 80 staff, is looking to create the new jobs in Glasgow and Lanarkshire.
Helio Hermito Zampier Neto, a 31-year-old defender for Chapecoense, is in a stable condition. He had surgery on a lung, a knee, a wrist and his head. Five other people survived the crash, which killed 71 people.
Time Team presenter joins anti-tunnel campaigners to fight the plans. Stonehenge Alliance staged protest outside a consultation event in London. Highways England said it was working to find "the best solution possible"
Everton beat Wolfsburg 4-3 in their opening Europa League game. Leighton Baines scores a penalty and Kevin Mirallas scores a late winner. Ricardo Rodriguez nets an own goal and a Seamus Coleman header for Wolfsburg. The win puts Everton top of Group H and
The 35-year-old joined the Iron from Blackpool in 2013. He helped them to a third-placed finish this season, before they were beaten by Millwall in the play-off semi-finals.
Pawel Sroka, 33, of Croydon, charged with murder of his partner Joanna Trojniak, 29. Special post-mortem gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest. He is due to appear at Bromley Magistrates' Court
Prostate cancer is the fourth most common cause of cancer death in men. Some 41,000 men are diagnosed with prostate cancer every year. 10,700 will die of the disease according to Cancer Research UK.
Christian Wade scored two tries for Wasps. Josh Adams and Biyi Alo crossed for Worcester. Bryce Heem was sent off for a tackle on Willie le Roux. Matt Mullan was sent to the sin-bin.
French President Francois Hollande expresses 'deep sadness' at death of Huguette Dupeu. Most of the dead in the raid were foreign tourists. Two of the attackers were killed by security forces. Huge march against terrorism planned for Sunday in Tunis.
Almost all buildings at the airport, on the southern outskirts of Mosul, have been razed. Runways have also been damaged, with wide trenches carved into them and rubble placed along their lengths. Iraqi forces are currently involved in a military offensive to reclaim Mosul from IS militants.
Network Rail said it has "hundreds of buses" ready in case it overruns. King's Cross station was shut and Paddington was closed for part of the day in December. A number of projects will take place over the Easter break including the Crossrail project.
Plans were approved for Coastal Oil and Gas Limited to drill in a field at St Nicholas. The permit does not allow the company to carry out fracking to extract any oil or gas. Fracking is subject to a temporary ban in Wales until decision-making powers are devolved.
Amazon had received heavy criticism for its tax avoidance policies. Now sales made through subsidiaries in the UK, Germany, Spain and Italy will be registered. Amazon added that it was "working on opening a branch for France"
British Medical Association (BMA) to strike from 08:00 GMT. Junior doctors will only provide emergency care. BMA announced three spells of strike action in England in November. Talks between BMA and NHS bosses will continue next week.
Kenny joined up with the England Under-20 squad over Easter. The 19-year-old will now be eligible to play against Barnsley in the Football League Trophy final on Sunday. Oxford head coach Michael Appleton believes Kenny has a 'big future'
The grants form part of a £214m investment in 47 colleges in England. The money for Kingston Maurward College, near Dorchester, will go towards a £3.24m project. Weymouth College has also been awarded £0.5m towards its £1.5
Greg Dyke has invited Astle's widow Laraine and his daughters, Claire and Dawn, to Wembley Stadium on 10 August. The ex-West Bromwich Albion and England forward died in 2002. A neurosurgeon said last month that he died from a brain condition linked to boxers rather
Gap between rich and poor has reached its widest level for 30 years in most developed countries. OECD: Wealth gap hinders economic growth because it limits investment in a country's labour force. World's wealthiest 1% will own more than 50% of the world's wealth by 2016, says
The 18-year-old twins have come through Sale's academy to impress in nine Premiership appearances between them this season. Both play in the back row and have also featured for the England Under-20 side. Tom is also the Sharks' youngest Premiership try scorer after crossing on his debut in the
Incident happened near Corbett Place and Calais View at about 08:30 on Thursday. He is described as being in his late teens or early 20s with dark, curly, short hair. Officers are now urging anyone who saw the man to get in touch.
Egypt-backed plan had envisaged a regional forum which might have forced Israel to reveal whether or not it has nuclear weapons. The proposal was blocked by the US, the UK and Canada. The next review is set for 2020. Israel neither confirms nor denies it has a stockpile of nuclear weapons
Natural Resources Minister Carl Sargeant has written to councils reminding them of the temporary ban on fracking in Wales. He said fracking technology was "unproven", saying Welsh ministers preferred to look at renewable energy. Fracking is a process of using high pressure water to break up rocks deep underground to release
Wladimir Klitschko beat Tyson Fury by unanimous points decision in Dusseldorf. Fury withdrew from their scheduled rematch due to depression. The Briton has been drinking like a fish and hoovering up cocaine to mask the pain. It is important to separate the
Dai Young expects a number of his in-form Wasps players to make the England squad. England coach Eddie Jones will name a trimmed down party of approximately 35 for a training camp in Brighton next week. Leicester flanker Will Evans has been touted as a possible solution to England's
From Dark to Light explores the work of artist Victor Noble Rainbird. The exhibition is the largest collection to have been staged since the 1930s. Mr Rainbird joined the Northumberland Fusiliers in 1914 when he was 26-years-old.
Scotland face England in a World Cup qualifier at Wembley on November 11. Scott Brown is almost certain to be included in Gordon Strachan's squad. Scotland assistant manager Mark McGhee says Brown would prefer not to play.
Bird's head and wings became stuck in the wire fence in Bethesda. RSPCA Inspector Mike Pugh freed the animal. He said: "The buzzard was feisty, but luckily had not had much feather damage"
Communication Workers Union said walkout will start on Monday 19 December. Post Office said it would be 'business as usual' with 'at least' 97% of its 11,600 branches not involved. Crown Post Offices are the larger branches that are usually located in High Streets.
Ulster Unionists want the election to be a referendum on the Renewable Heat Incentive debacle. But the focus has now turned on them following Mike Nesbitt's comments. He was asked about the decision of his senior party colleague Danny Kennedy to publicly distance himself from the remarks.
More than 60,000 vials, said to contain anabolic steroids, were recovered. Human growth hormones and erectile dysfunction pills were also found. A man in his 30s was arrested, but later released without charge.
Enda Kenny said a clause in the Good Friday Agreement could result in a referendum. DUP MP Ian Paisley said Mr Kenny was "being mischievous" Ulster Unionist MLA Jenny Palmer described his comments as "much ado about nothing"
Kevin Ellison scored the only goal as Morecambe beat Yeovil 1-0 on Saturday. Shrimps have won three straight league games after losing opening game of the season. Bentley says Ellison is a credit to himself and his family.
Qatar has been under unprecedented diplomatic and economic sanctions for more than two weeks. Saudi Arabia, its allies, Egypt, the UAE and Bahrain accuse Qatar of backing terrorism - a charge it denies. The four countries also want Qatar to reduce its ties with Iran and close a Turkish military base.
Ms Evans said she would'very much like' to run but 'handful of people at the top' prevented her. She is currently suspended from UKIP for bringing the party into disrepute. Suspension came after she publicly criticised a fellow candidate and held herself out as a party
Shiv Kumar Yadav has also been charged with "criminal intimidation" The victim had used the Uber app to book a taxi home but was taken to a secluded area. Delhi later banned Uber and several other web-based taxi firms.
Wales beat Portugal 1-0 to reach the semi-finals of Euro 2016. Chris Coleman's side are the first Welsh side to reach a major tournament semi-final in 58 years. Wales' unbreakable team spirit has been the foundation of their success. Captain Ashley Williams
Lower Whitecraigs in East Renfrewshire is classed as the least deprived. Glasgow has 56 of the 100 most deprived areas, down five on 2012. Edinburgh has six, up two on four years ago.
Paul O'Donovan won his lightweight single sculls semi-final in 6:51.71. Olympic silver medallist beat Slovenian Rajko Hrvat and Germany's Konstantin Steinhuebel. British duo Cassells and Scrimge
The 22-year-old joins Craig Barr and Mark Stewart at Stark's Park. Johnston came through Kilmarnock's youth ranks to make the Premiership side's first team.
Leroy Fer gave Swansea the lead with a first-half header from a corner. Roberto Firmino equalised shortly after half-time with a header from Jordan Henderson's cross. James Milner scored the winner from the penalty spot six minutes from time. Swansea
Sam Chalmers is the first player to be caught taking steroids in Scottish rugby. The son of former player Craig Chalmers was caught taking stanozolol. Weight training and supplements appear to be going hand in hand in age-group rugby.
TRNSMT is being held on what was traditionally the weekend of the T in the Park festival, which is not taking place this year. Other bands appearing over the weekend include include Kasabian, Biffy Clyro and The Kooks. Radiohead will headline the opening night, with Kas
Yongbyon reactor was shut down in 2007 as part of a disarmament-for-aid deal. But Pyongyang vowed to restart it in 2013, following its third nuclear test. White House spokesman Josh Earnest says international community will not accept N. Korea as a nuclear state.
Andrew Bedford, 27, from Huntingdon, was last seen in September 1990. Three people were arrested in connection with his disappearance but no-one was charged. In April, Cambridgeshire Police reopened the investigation as a murder inquiry. Bones "consistent with being human" were
Marwan Koukash has promised to make Salford the biggest rugby club in the country within three to four years. Key to the 'Good Doctor's' dream is his campaign to raise the sport's £1.8m salary cap. Koukash has been lobbying to lift the limit
Joyce twins starred as the Irish made it three wins out of three in Bangkok. Isobel bagged four wickets as Zimbabwe were dismissed for a paltry 78. Ciecilia top-scored with 36 to help Ireland to 79-3 in 15.2 overs.
Norman Betchley died in 2009 after he was mistakenly fed a pill by an agency nurse. His daughter Linda said she feels angry that "nothing has changed" since he died. Hospital said the CQC report did not reflect improvements it has made.
Manxman came sixth in the first of six events - the scratch race. He was second fastest in the individual pursuit and seventh in the elimination race with three more events on Monday. Becky James broke the women's sprint Olympic record in qualification and is in Monday's quarter-finals along with fellow
Health accounts for about half of Stormont's departmental spending. Finance Minister Máirtín Ó Muilleoir made the announcement as part of a reallocation of funds known as a monitoring round. Other reallocations include £30m to schools with £5m of that for
Tyler and Cameron Winklevosses claim Facebook "intentionally or inadvertently suppressed evidence" Row dates from 2003 when the twins hired Mr Zuckerberg to write code for their ConnectU site. He never did, but instead set up Facebook, which quickly became a success around the world. Case settled in
Teenage pedestrian knocked down by Ford Focus in Thrybergh, Rotherham. The car was travelling towards Dalton at the time and its driver was not injured in the crash. Police have appealed for any witnesses to contact them.
Harry Chapman Pincher, son of an Army officer, was born in India on 29 March 1914. He went to Darlington Grammar School and London University, and graduated in zoology and botany. Pincher worked as a teacher before joining the Royal Armoured Corps in 1940
Stewart was in the final year of his contract at Dundee United. He had rejected a move to Birmingham on Wednesday but has now agreed personal terms. Striker could make his Blues debut in Saturday's Championship match at Leeds.
The woman has agreed to make a payment of Â£40 to an armed forces charity. She was arrested at her Nottinghamshire home under Operation Elveden inquiry. CPS outlined details of the offence but did not name the newspaper or barracks.
The Care Inspectorate gave Nithsdale House in Pollokshields, Glasgow, a score of one - the lowest possible - across three areas examined. Drummer Lodge in Glasgow's Bargeddie area received second lowest rating in three areas. Inspectors also noted that there had been
Officers called to Derby Road, Enfield at 15:30 GMT on Saturday after reports of gun in car. Car was stopped at 16:00 GMT and four men inside were arrested. They are currently being held at a north London police station.
Lancaster's Caton Road substation went offline at 11:00 BST. Power supplies resumed at 16:30 BST in the city and nearby areas. A flood at the facility during Storm Desmond in 2015 left 55,000 without power.
Plans for the development on the Hatchfield Farm estate in Newmarket, Suffolk, had been approved. Local Government Secretary Sajiv Javid refused to accept the decision last year. Planning judge Mr Justice Gilbart ruled that Mr Javid's decision was fatally inconsistent.
Council leader Dave Stewart said the crossing at Cowes would be free until 2 July "in recognition of the problems" He said it had been a "frustrating and disappointing start" to the ferry. Since launching late on 14 May the chain ferry has broken down, run aground and been suspended
The 24-year-old has agreed a three-year contract with Lille. Sliti has made just five appearances since his return from the Africa Cup of Nations. He has played 16 games for Lille, scoring once - during November's 4-2 win against Caen.
British astronaut has been up there for six weeks. Met some of the lucky kids lucky enough to be able to talk direct to him.
Martyn Irvine wins BBC Northern Ireland's Sports Personality of the Year for 2013. Irvine is the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years. The 28-year-old also won silver in the points race at the World Championships. He also won a World Cup gold
Italian C-27J aircraft was flying from Iceland to Italy when it lost communication. It was escorted to Prestwick by RAF Typhoons as a precaution and landed without incident. Flights are believed to have been delayed for a short time at Glasgow and Edinburgh.
Five men arrested on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Two men aged 32 and 37 were arrested in Stoke-on-Trent and three others, aged 18, 24 and 28 in Birmingham. Magistrates granted police a further seven days to
France are the bookies' favourites to win the tournament. Holders Spain are also short odds with the bookmakers to retain their title. Germany finished top of their qualification group but have had hiccups in qualifying. England will be appearing at their ninth finals, while Wales and Northern
Greece beat Britain 92-64 in a EuroBasket warm-up game in Patras earlier this month. Three members of that team will be missing for the Copper Box clash. GB guard Teddy Okereafor says the game will be "amazing" The game will
Bernard Foley kicked all Australia's points, with Dan Bigger twice on target for Wales. Australia now face Scotland in the quarter-final on 18 October, with Wales against South Africa the day before. It was Wales' 11th consecutive defeat against the Australians, a run going back to
Strauss will start at number eight for Scotland against Ireland on Saturday. Cotter will leave the Scotland job and be replaced by Gregor Townsend at the end of the season. Ireland have won 14 of 17 Six Nations matches between the sides.
Gen Petraeus devised the strategy that saw a "surge" in US troop numbers and secured support from Sunni tribesmen against al-Qaeda. Iraq's US-backed army is now battling to retake territory seized by IS. Gen Petraeus characterised the recent capture by IS of Ramadi as a
The breach happened 10 days ago when the council's website service provider was targeted. Officials have warned of a potential increase in spam or phishing emails. Council assured those affected no other personal details were accessed.
Syrian opposition delegation in Geneva says it intends to suspend formal peace talks. Upsurge in fighting puts new pressure on fragile peace talks brokered by the US and Russia. Rebels have launched attacks in Latakia and neighbouring Hama province. Four Syrians including three children killed in rocket fire
Instagram will begin advertising. Ads will appear in a few months and involve just a handful of firms. Instagram was bought by Facebook for $1bn (Â£619m), but has never made a profit. Early efforts to generate revenue were met with user backlash.
The Mercury Music Prize takes place at the Hammersmith Apollo on 15 September. The 12 nominated albums will be cut down to six finalists, one of whom will be chosen by a public vote. A panel of judges, including Jarvis Cocker, Annie Mac and Wolf Alice frontwoman Ellie Rowsell
Gurpal Virdi, 56, of Hounslow, west London, was acquitted by the jury. He had denied indecently assaulting a male prisoner and misconduct in public office. The charges dated back to on or before 7 November 1986.
Welsh MP says it would be 'completely wrong' to leave the EU's single market. But he plays down differences with the Welsh Government over leaving the EU. Wales Office Minister Guto Bebb says process of listening to devolved governments has begun.
Theresa May met with the families of the Hillsborough victims in Warrington. It is understood the proposed 'Hillsborough Law' would put more onus on public figures to cooperate. Jurors found the fans who died as a result of the 1989 crush were unlawfully killed.
New guidance aims to help police identify online crimes more easily. CPS says it will prosecute just as if offences occurred offline. Director of Public Prosecutions Alison Saunders stressed this did not mean free speech. But context will be an important factor in decisions, she said.
Faizan was among eight people killed on Sunday when paramilitary soldiers fired bullets and shotgun pellets at protesters. Election authorities say some 170 people, including 100 security personnel, were injured in about 200 incidents of stone pelting and violent protests. The voter turnout in Sunday's election was an abys
Incident happened in Talysarn, Gwynedd, on Friday afternoon. Woman flown to Ysbyty Gwaledd in Bangor by air ambulance but later died. Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident.
Abellio, Arriva, KeolisAmey and MTR have bid for the next Wales and Borders franchise. Successful bidder will have to make a slice of its profits available to be reinvested in the railway. A contract will be awarded in early 2018.
Robbie, 80, has presented the Scottish dance music show Take the Floor since the early 1980s. He was a compere and producer of variety shows before branching out into broadcasting. BBC Scotland director Ken MacQuarrie said: "Robbie is one of Scotland's most recognisable
Stanley's last two home games were postponed because of waterlogging. Carlisle have three 'home' fixtures at neutral grounds and beat Notts County at Preston's Deepdale on Saturday.
United say there was no risk to supporters attending the Arsenal game. The pair had been searched and their belongings put through a metal detector before they went on the tour. They were found on Saturday morning during a security sweep of the stadium.
Accrington Stanley beat Preston North End 3-2 in the EFL Cup. Ben Richards-Everton gave the hosts the lead. Jordan Hugill equalised for the visitors. With four minutes of extra time left, Jordan Clark restored the lead for Accrington. Hugill levelled again
Andrew Bickel, 39, was fixing a light at the Catwel shop in Cardiff. He returned to his van and found his tools were gone. His original Facebook post about the mistake went viral.
Middle distance runner finished fourth and sixth in the 1500m and 5,000m at the World Athletics Championships in London. 24-year-old will miss next year's Commonwealth Games due to her veterinary medicine studies. Muir says she has at least two or three more Olympic Games in her
Ranger was jailed for eight months in May after admitting online banking fraud. Southend boss Phil Brown expects Ranger to return to training before their first League One game on 5 August. Ranger joined Southend in August 2016 and scored eight goals in 27 league appearances last season.
Sir Terry died surrounded by his family after a short but brave battle with cancer. The veteran broadcaster died of cancer on Sunday at the age of 77. A book of condolences will be hosted on Limerick's official website with separate books of condolence at council buildings in Dooradoyle and Merchants
Unions at BAE Systems warn of possible delays to funding for Royal Navy's new frigates. But Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson insisted there was no change to the timetable. Labour said it was vital that promises were kept while Lib Dems called for an end to uncertainty.
Marco Rubio and Ted Cruz took turns throwing punches at Donald Trump. Immigration, healthcare and outreach to Latino voters dominated the debate. Trump has won three of the first four contests held so far. Next week's vote in 11 states is held on what is known as Super Tuesday.
Jazz artist Jamala wins Eurovision 2014 with 1944. First Crimean Tatar to win. Political song deals with Stalin, Crimea and claims of ethnic cleansing. Jamala dedicated it to her great-grandmother and her five children, who were deported by Soviet troops from Crimea in 1944
Rother District Council allocated Â£51,000 for lifeguard patrols at Camber Sands. Families of the men who drowned said a lifeguard service could have saved their lives. Five men died during a day-trip to the beach last August; two others died in July
Archibald was on Swindon Town's managerial shortlist last season. He guided Partick Thistle to a top six finish last season and has been linked with other vacancies. Osman says the loss of Archibald would be a hard act to follow.
The 10 suspects were detained at Montreal's Trudeau International Airport at the weekend. Police said none of the suspects had been charged, but investigations are ongoing. Canadian troops are part of a multinational coalition to halt the advance of IS militants in Iraq and Syria.
The 21-year-old made his debut for the Tigers in the League Cup in August. Dixon was captain of the Championship club's under-21 side. He could make his debut against Newport on Saturday.
Department of Health estimates foreign visitors cost the NHS £2bn a year. Ministers say it would be realistic to save a quarter of this by deterring 'health tourism' A senior doctor questioned the government's figures and said doctors should not have to spend time "vetting eligibility" of
Belfast Giants defeated Coventry Blaze 5-3 on Monday evening. Ryan Martinelli and Mark Garside scored in the second period. Giants have a game in hand over Cardiff Devils, who beat Coventry on Monday.
The last original locomotive class member was withdrawn in 1966. It toured the world, becoming an icon of British engineering.
249 men are suing the Catholic Church over alleged historical sexual abuse at St William's residential school in Market Weighton. In December, a judge ruled in favour of one claimant and ordered the church to pay Â£14,000 in damages. Another set of compensation claims is expected to be
"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2" took £15.3m over the weekend. It is the third highest opening weekend from the JK Rowling series. Eddie Redmayne plays Newt Scamander in the film, set 70 years before Harry Potter.
Norfolk's Williamson spent four weeks in hospital after January's accident. The 22-year-old fractured her neck and back, dislocated her pelvis and slipped a disc in her neck after colliding with Elis Ligtlee during the omnium final. Williamson hopes to be back
Prof Les Mayhew said the difference between the sexes peaked at nearly six years in the 1970s. Plummeting smoking rates in men are thought to explain a lot of the change. The reason could be down to men living a healthier lifestyle.
Nazir Afzal resigned from the Association of Police and Crime Commissioners (APCC) He was advised against doing so by the organisation's board. This was because of potentially controversial policing issues that could have been raised.
Moody's downgrades China's credit rating, its benchmark for analysing the country's economic performance. The rating is still A1 - the agency's fifth highest - but nevertheless does highlight growing concerns about the amount of debt the world's most populous country is carrying.
Professor of water economics says Thames Water will make at least £100m a year if tunnel is built. Claims utility firm could borrow the money required to build tunnel for around 2% a year. Thames Water spokesman says it is the most economical way to deal with the problem.
Tidal Lagoon Power (TLP) said the claims had no "clear scientific basis" NRW said its figures were based on the "best available evidence" The Swansea tidal lagoon project is being viewed as a test bed for larger versions.
Strauss becomes Sale's first new signing for next season. The 30-year-old joined Glasgow from Super Rugby side Lions in 2012. Strauss has been sidelined by a kidney injury sustained during the Six Nations.
Flight MU736 was heading from Sydney, Australia to Shanghai. Pilot reported problems with the engine about one hour after taking off. Images circulating on social media showed a large hole in the engine casing. Aviation safety authorities are now investigating.
Katy James was refused leave to remain because her British husband earns less than Â£18,600 per year. Immigration Minister James Brokenshire has written to their MP to say after an interval review the Home Office would reconsider her application to remain.
Send your pictures and videos to england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. At points throughout the year we may introduce a theme
All 42 Scottish clubs discussed league reconstruction on Tuesday, with a 16-team top-flight among proposals. Fitzel believes young talent would have a greater chance to shine in a bigger league. Czech Republic were quarter-finalists in the 2012 European Championships and finished top of their Euro
Mr Tshibala will be leader until presidential elections later this year. He was expelled from Congo's largest opposition party, the UDPS, last month. Talks to negotiate his exit from power broke down last week.
Wycombe have lost just one of six league games at Adams Park this term. Paul Hayes should have given the hosts the lead after 18 minutes. Exeter striker Reuben Reid's 27th-minute shot bounced dangerously in front of Wycombe keeper Jamal Blackman.
Staff will strike until after next week's federal budget, one of the year's biggest local news days. Fairfax's outlets include the Sydney Morning Herald, Melbourne's The Age and the Australian Financial Review. The latest cuts come in addition to restructuring and cuts in recent years.
Gloucestershire's Marquand has racked up 68 wins in the last 12 months. The 17-year-old won the champion apprentice trophy in his maiden season this year. Marquand has been nominated for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year award.
Colombia's president stopped the talks after the rebels seized Gen Ruben Dario Alzate and two others on 16 November. The captives were released on Sunday and handed over to a humanitarian mission led by the International Red Cross. Officials from Cuba and Norway, the two countries brokering the
Blackburn Rovers have charged Akpan with violent conduct. The 25-year-old had a goal disallowed for handball in Tuesday's defeat at Sheffield Wednesday. He was also charged with failing to ensure players conducted themselves in an orderly fashion. Blackburn have until 20 and 21
Octopuses that stand tall, turn dark and spread their web in a "Nosferatu pose" are likely showing aggression. Conversely, octopuses may display a pale colour after losing a fight or when trying to avoid conflict. Biologists studied a group of Sydney Octopuses off
The Aegon Open starts in Nottingham on 4-12 June. Joins Caroline Wozniacki, Victoria Azarenka, Johanna Konta, Heather Watson and Naomi Broady. Robson reached world number 27 in July 2013, but has struggled since returning from injury.
Dozens of demonstrators died in protests over a proposed electoral law change in January. Government says all the bodies were buried in a single night and include stillborn babies and unclaimed bodies. But Human Rights Watch says they must check to see if any of the people killed have been buried there.
Everton will pay about £5m compensation for Dutchman Koeman. Koeman will take brother Erwin and fitness coach Jan Kluitenberg with him to Goodison Park. The 53-year-old has been headhunted by new Everton owner Farhad Moshiri.
Communities Secretary Sajid Javid accused some councils of "fudging" the numbers on housing need in their area. But the response to the government's proposals has been decidedly mixed. Labour's shadow housing minister John Healey described them as "feeble beyond belief"
Suicide bomber drove a tractor laden with explosives into a military police station. The attack happened near the town of Dogubayezit in Agri province, near the border with Iran. Turkey has carried out air raids on PKK bases on both sides of the Iraq-Turkey border.
Robert Thomson, 18, from Bellshill, was last seen on Friday 3 June. Police said the body found in woods near Kilbrennan Drive, Motherwell, had yet to be formally identified but was believed to be Mr Thomson. A post-mortem examination will be held to establish the
Lionel Messi is valued at £149m ahead of Barcelona team-mate Lionel Messi (£149m) Cristiano Ronaldo is seventh on the list at £111m, with Gareth Bale 14th at £73.8m. There are 42 Premier League players in the top 100
Solar Impulse left Nanjing at 02:39 (18:39 GMT) It is the seventh leg in the single-seat propeller-driven aircraft's quest to circumnavigate the globe using just the energy of the Sun. The distance to Kalaeloa airport on Hawaii's
Yvonne Mosquito suspended after visiting murder victim's family without informing officers. She had an employment tribunal listed to take place in May 2017. A joint statement said "all outstanding matters" were resolved.
Herrmann played grandfather Richard Gilmore on the hit TV show. He had been diagnosed with brain cancer and was in intensive care in New York. Son Rory said: "He always wanted to share the great and beautiful things in life"
Northern Ireland beat Poland 2-0 to remain in contention for last 16 place. West Brom's Niall McGinn becomes second-oldest goalscorer at a European Championship. Michael O'Neill's side face Germany in final Group C game in Paris on Tuesday.
Judge rules there is nothing in the 1998 peace agreement to prevent government triggering Article 50. Cross-party group of MLAs and victims' campaigner Raymond McCord brought two separate legal challenges. Mr McCord said he would be taking his case to the Supreme Court. UK government welcomed the ruling
Lydia Wilkinson said she did not know at first whether her father Peter would survive. She said looking after him was a'massive relief and an opportunity I didn't think I was going to have' Aaron Barley, 23, of no fixed address, has been charged with their murders.
Matthew Todd Miller, 24, sentenced to six years of hard labour for 'hostile acts' against North Korea. He had been in custody since 10 April when he destroyed his tourist visa and demanded asylum. Jeffrey Edward Fowle, 56, from Miamisburg, Ohio,
The head of the national exam board has offered to resign. The annual test determines the academic futures of high school students. South Korean media said the mistake would affect the test scores of about 3,600-4,000 students.
Gloucester have played away from their Meadow Park home since a flood in 2007. University of Gloucestershire-based All Golds currently play in Cheltenham. All Golds president Lionel Hurst: "We are constantly seeking our own permanent base for the club"
Conor McGinn, from south Armagh, claimed the Labour leader suggested phoning his father. It followed an interview in which he called for Mr Corbyn to "reach out beyond his comfort zone" A spokesman for Mr Corbyn said at the time that it was "untrue
Tour of Britain will take place in September. Eight Olympic medallists will take part, including Wiggins and Cavendish. Owain Doull and Tom Dumoulin will also race for Great Britain. 21 teams will compete, including 11 UCI World Tour outfits.
Ronald Chigunwe pleaded guilty to four offences of fraud and money laundering. The 40-year-old, of Breadels Field, Basingstoke, worked for Wessex Heartbeat. He denied four other charges of money laundering and will now face trial.
Victim was attacked because her son had eloped with an upper-caste girl about a month ago. She has alleged that police initially refused to file a case saying such incidents were not uncommon. Five people, including the eloped girl's parents, have been arrested.
Turkish forces have targeted so-called Islamic State (IS) inside Syria. They have also gone after Kurdish fighters in the same region. Turkey has been fighting a Kurdish insurgency in its south-east for decades. It fears Kurdish gains in northern Syria will fuel Kurdish separatism at home.
Dywedodd Jeffrey John: "Yn eu barn nhw, byddai esgob sy'n hoyw yn peri gormod o drafferth" "Rhaid i ni er hynny gamu'n ôl a pheidio rhe
Toshiba is hoping for loans of up to 250bn yen ($2.2bn; Â£1.6bn), said Nikkei daily. The electronics giant admitted in 2015 it had overstated its profits by $1.3bn over seven years. It has announced
England reached 46-2 at the close of day four in Sharjah. Their record fourth-innings run chase in Asia is 209 in 2010. Mohammad Hafeez hit 151 as Pakistan were bowled out for 355 in their second innings.
Gatland says Henry indicated to his players at the outset of the trip of Australia who would be selected for the Test matches. New Zealander says each of his 41-man squad is in contention to face the All Blacks. Owen Farrell and Johnny Sexton appear to be in competition for the
Rangers paid an undisclosed fee for the 24-year-old. Hodson played 16 games on loan at Kilmarnock last season. He was part of Northern Ireland's squad at Euro 2016 but did not play.
Donald MacMillan's grandmother Christina Ross was cleared from Glancalvie Estate. She and others set up a temporary camp at Croick Church in Sutherland in May 1845. The families later left to settle in other parts of the Highlands.
Margaret Henderson-McCarroll pleaded guilty to the manslaughter of Eddie Girvan, 67. Mr Justice Treacy said the victim "must have suffered terribly" Mr Girvan was found dead at his Greenisland home in County Antrim in January 2016. He had been stabbed in
Firearms and related goods generated 136 sales per month and a monthly revenue of $80,000 (Â£62,000) The dark net is a part of the internet that requires specific software to access. Guns account for less than 1% of items sold on the dark net,
Comedian and actor has been married to Malaak Compton-Rock for 19 years. The couple have two children together, daughters Lola Simone, 12, and Zahra Savannah, 10. Rock made his name as a stand-up comic in the 1980s before forging a successful TV
Paul Mason, of Ipswich, used to weigh 70 stone (440kg) He has lost more than 40 stone (254kg) with the help of gastric band surgery. His visa application had been delayed due to a previous criminal conviction. He hopes the procedures in New York will help him
Hsp90 inhibitors found to strip cancer cells of defences against hormone treatments. This makes the drugs particularly promising for treating drug-resistant cancers. Prostate cancer is the most common cancer in men in the UK.
The agreement had been in place between the EPFL and Uefa to boost attendances and television viewing figures for European matches. Arsenal's FA Cup replay against Hull City in March 2016 was given special dispensation to be played on the same night as the Champions League last 16. Manchester City hosted
Association of Teachers and Lecturers says teachers need more training. At least 66,000 girls and women in the UK are believed to be victims of FGM. Campaigners say girls are most at risk during the long summer holidays.
19-year-old woman was attacked between 20:30 and 21:00 on Wednesday. Officers believed to be following a positive line of inquiry. Anyone with information was asked to contact Police Scotland.
Swansea manager Bob Bradley was sacked by Swansea on Friday. Paul Clement is the first choice to take over at the Liberty Stadium. Curtis and assistant Paul Williams will take charge of Saturday's match against Bournemouth. The Swans were promoted to the Premier League in 2011
Total tuition fee and maintenance loan balance is up 12% on previous year's figures. Graduates start repaying debt once income reaches £21,000 but after 30 years debt is written off. For those repaying loans in 2017 the average sum owed at start of repayment was £19,
Italian police say man posed as a pilot to board Air Dolomiti flight from Munich to Turin. He was wearing pilot's uniform and using forged ID cards, police say. The man was charged with endangering air transport security and impersonation. Police found fake IDs and flight theory
Prime Minister says parents should be responsible for making sure children speak English. People applying for a visa to join their spouse or partner now have to prove they have a basic command of English before their application is approved. Previously they had to show only that their marriage or partnership was genuine.
Number of children in working families in poverty rose by 22,000 between 2003 and 2013. The UK government said its plan for a national living wage would help people. "Work is the best route out of poverty," Welsh government said.
European Court of Justice rules mobile workers should consider travel time as work. As many as 975,000 people in the UK could fall under the remit of the ruling. Some employees could be working an extra 10 hours a week once travelling time is counted. Ruling could lead to
Ebola has had a severe impact on public health and the Guinean economy. Many schools have introduced health precautions, including hand-washing and temperature checks. Unemployment and underemployment have left many parents with difficulties meeting school-related expenses at the beginning of a new academic
The FTSE 100 index closed 2.8% lower on Friday, while markets in Paris and Frankfurt also fell. Shares also plunged on Wall Street, with Dow Jones, Nasdaq and S&P 500 all down more than 3%. Data from China indicated factory output in August shr
Sylvia Fleming was pregnant when she was murdered in Omagh in 1998. Her body parts were found under the foundations of a partially-built house. Stephen Scott was sentenced to life, but has been taking part in a pre-release scheme.
Chechen President Ramzan Kadyrov criticised social network Instagram for removing the video. Former PM Kasyanov says Putin is responsible for his actions as governor of Chechnya. He says the Kremlin wants to create fear in the opposition to stop them speaking out. Kasyan
Manchester United claimed their first away win of the season against Arsenal. Olivier Giroud scored the winner in stoppage time at the Emirates Stadium. It was Louis van Gaal's first win away from home as Manchester United boss. United moved up to fourth in the Premier League table,
BrewDog hopes to raise up to $50m within six months to help fund expansion in North America. Plans include a new 100,000 sq ft brewery in Columbus, Ohio, scheduled to open later this year. More than 1,200 people have already signed up to the Equity for P
Unions had won backing for strike action after Tata proposed closing the final salary scheme. Workers have now agreed to amendments to the pension scheme in return for it remaining open. Tata Steel employs more than 17,000 people in its UK operation.
German investment firm, JAB Holding will pay a 78% premium to Friday's closing price to buy the company. JAB has invested heavily in the US coffee market. Keurig will continue to operate as an independent company after the purchase.
Strathclyde University produced poster to promote password security. Image attracted criticism on social media, with the Glasgow-based university accused of "victim blaming" University said the poster had been removed and should not have been made. Dozens of private pictures of Hunger Games actress Lawrence were
Ali Nasrollahi, 22, was found collapsed in Barnet on Tuesday afternoon. He was treated by paramedics for a single stab wound but died soon after arriving at hospital. Police have launched a murder inquiry and have appealed for witnesses to come forward.
Chiefs had only four players included in squads for this year's Six Nations. That compares to seven players called up from each of Wasps, Saracens and Bath's squads. Baxter: "We weren't performing either as a team or individually at the intensity that you need to
Celtic thrashed Partick Thistle 5-0 at Firhill on Thursday night. Brendan Rodgers' side must avoid defeat by Hearts on Sunday to finish season unbeaten. Leigh Griffiths, Tom Rogic, Patrick Roberts, Callum McGregor and Patrick Roberts on target.
Penglais Farm will have a total of 1,000 rooms, but only 700 will be ready this month. The unfinished rooms have not been let to students yet.
Derry City and Strabane District Council has apologised for PAW Patrol's absence. Broadcaster Nickelodeon said they had not "organised or authorised" the use of the characters. The character's appearance had featured prominently on pre-event promotion.
Colin Calderwood has left Brighton to take up a new job at Aston Villa. The 51-year-old was Chris Hughton's number two prior to Friday's 1-1 draw at Villa Park. Calderwood has previously managed Nottingham Forest and Hibernian.
Wales face Tonga and Samoa in June Tests while the Lions take on New Zealand. Roberts, 30, played for the Lions in 2009 and 2013 but was not selected this time. Wales' first Test is part of an Auckland double-header on Friday, 16 June.
England's set-piece was very good and they were clinical against Scotland. Jonathan Joseph didn't really get the ball and wingers mainly got it from kick returns. I would prefer an out-and-out inside centre who can also be a ball player. Henry Slade is your dream
Britain finish second in men's 4x100m relay behind Jamaica. Daniel Talbot and Adam Gemili failed to complete final handover in time. Jamaica won heat one and the United States recorded fastest overall qualification time.
A 38-year-old man is in a critical but stable condition in hospital following the crash. Vauxhall Zafira was travelling south when it crashed with a First bus between Kirkliston and Winchburgh. The driver of the car suffered spinal injuries and a fractured ankle.
Mohammed Anwar, from Thornliebank, was driving a forklift in East Kilbride. He was trapped underneath the vehicle when it appeared to hit a kerb and crashed. Emergency services attended but he died at the scene.
Adams will make her professional debut in Manchester on Saturday. She will fight Argentina's Virginia Carcamo. Adams has been training alongside the likes of IBF, WBA and WBO light-heavyweight champion Ward.
The world changed on 6 August 1945 when the US was the only nation with "the bomb" The story since has been of the steady spread, the proliferation, of nuclear weapons. The big powers seemed either unable or unwilling to prevent that spread. But now - in the case of Iran
Former Anglo Irish Bank chief executive charged with 33 offences. Charges include false accounting linked to transactions worth 7bn euros (£5.4bn) He was arrested in the early hours of Monday after arriving at Dublin Airport on an overnight flight from Boston. Police objected to his bail application, claiming
Lala Njava is from the Malagasy people of Madagascar. She released her first solo album in 2013. A portion of the proceeds from her CD sales will go to a tree planting project.
The formation of an Advisory Commission on Rakhine State represents a rare glimmer of hope. Kofi Annan, the former UN secretary general, has been tasked with taking a fresh look at the issues. The final report, due to be delivered by the end of August 2017, is
Andy Murray beat Nicolas Mahut in straight sets at Queen's Club on Tuesday. It was Murray's first meeting with coach Ivan Lendl since the US Open last September. The Scot is hoping to win a fifth title at the grass-court tournament this week.
Record number of 16-17-year-olds voted in Scottish independence referendum. 71% of 16 to 17-year's voted for Scotland to be independent and 29% voted against. Youth campaign groups have been trying to get the UK voting age lowered. Until all parties agree to debate
Lewis Hamilton is out of contract at Mercedes at the end of the season. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff will need to replace him with a replacement. Daniel Ricciardo, Valtteri Bottas and Max Verstappen are among those on his shortlist.
Smoking has long been associated with psychosis. Team at King's College London say smokers are more likely to develop the disorder and at a younger age. Experts said it was a "pretty strong case" but needed more research.
Two crews and a hovercraft from Weston-super-Mare were called. Two adults and the children were rescued from Uphill beach. Avon Fire and Rescue warned people not to park or walk on beach in the dark.
Lord Carey writes in the Daily Mail that he has dropped his opposition to the Assisted Dying Bill. But the current Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby has called the bill "mistaken and dangerous" Peers will debate the bill in the House of Lords on Friday.
Match of the Day presenter Lineker says decision to sack Claudio Ranieri 'beggars belief' Ranieri led Leicester to Premier League title despite being 5,000-1 outsiders at start of season. Former England captain Lineker played for his hometown club for seven seasons.
Two more people pulled alive from the rubble of the eight-storey building on Sunday. Group of about nine survivors located and teams using light cutting equipment to try to reach them. Rescuers digging tunnels through rubble with bare hands, drills and shovels. Fire service's head of
Harry Lewis signs three-year deal with English Premier League club Southampton. 19-year-old goalkeeper played three FA Cup games for Southampton last season. Deniz Mehmet and Sam Stanton sign for Hibernian on one-year deals. Jordie Briels and Jordie Bri
Celtic beat Aberdeen 3-2 in the Scottish League Cup final on Sunday. Pat Bonner gives his verdict on Derek McInnes' side's performance. Willie Miller gives his marks out of 10 for the hosts.
Alexander Litvinenko was a former FSB officer who became a fierce critic of Vladimir Putin. He was poisoned by radioactive Polonium 210 at a London hotel in 2006. A public inquiry will examine the central question - who was responsible for his death? The inquiry may reveal new details
Wales Audit Office found Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board breached its own rules and regulations in handling the funding. Auditors highlighted a lack of transparency and poorly-managed conflicts of interest. Lap of Wales Challenge cost more than £150,000 to arrange and the surplus was £1
Incident happened on Morningside Road, near to Jordan Lane, at about 11:45 on Sunday. Local diversion was put in place at Comiston Road and Churchill Place. Police Scotland have appealed to anyone who may have seen the elderly woman.
John Deere tractor pulled over in Ripley, Yorkshire, with no headlights on. Police said driver had no licence, was not insured and did not have permission from tractor's owner. The vehicle was seized, with the three due to be interviewed by officers.
Anh Nhu Nguyen, 52, of Beckenham, south-east London, is accused of defrauding charities and Kensington and Chelsea Council by posing as a victim. He pleaded not guilty to both counts at Southwark Crown Court on Friday. Mr Nguyen was remanded in custody and
Africa will go through six human actions this year - it will stand, kneel, squat, bow, fall and then rise again. Donald Trump, Ghana's president-elect, Uhuru Kenyatta and Rwanda's Paul Kagame will kneel in 2017. The African Union will
Robert Fidler built the house in Salfords, in the Surrey greenbelt, in 2000 and hid it behind hay bales. He told Mr Justice Dove at London's High Court that his "beautiful home" had now been "carefully dismantled" "Hopefully, it will
Nottingham City Council insists the service will transform the local economy. The £570m project to extend the Chilwell and Clifton lines began in March 2012. Contractor Vinci has reported a £165m loss for its civil engineering division.
Builders working on BBC programme targeted while helping with project in West Bromwich. Show bosses said three vans have been hit in the past week. DIY SOS is extending the home of Sandra Chambers, who has looked after her two grandchildren since the death of their mother Crystal in October 2015.
Revenues in the year fell 27% to £1.6bn as the price of oil continued to fall in 2015. It is the second year in a row the oil company has reported a loss. Tullow also warned there was a risk it could fail to comply with its
RootMetrics carried out 840,000 tests on UK networks. EE performed best across all categories, with Three second. Vodafone was last in all categories other than network speed.
John Johnston, 27, admitted taking the vehicle without consent and driving while over the legal alcohol limit. He was spotted by a CCTV operator committing the offence and stopped by police. Ordered to carry out 100 hours of unpaid work and given the driving ban.
Almost 900 families faced eviction because their houses stood in the way of the Transolimpica bus rapid transit system. The new 25km (15 mile) rapid bus route is expected to carry 70,000 passengers a day. Instead of running straight over the neighbourhood, the new $555m-
Office for Nuclear Regulation said it was a 'robust' body but one expert accused it of'moving the goalposts' The regulator agreed to increase the amount of weight graphite bricks at the core of the reactor at Dungeness B in Kent will be allowed to lose. The bricks
Walter Palmer from Minnesota is believed to have paid about 32,000 dollars to hunt lions. Cecil, the lion he shot, was a massive tourist attraction and famous in Africa for being relaxed around humans. Mr Palmer said he thought the hunt was legal and didn't know the lion
Lagavulin is launching a single cask edition of its 1991 Single Malt Scotch Whisky. Sales of the £1,494 bottles are set to see £310,000 donated to Islay Heritage. The Finlaggan Trust, which maintains the historical home of the Lord of the Isles
Dominic Elliott, 23, died in March after he was taken to hospital from his house. Inquest heard he had taken cocaine, ecstasy and temazepam before drinking liquid. His former partner, John Fitzherbert, drove him to hospital in the early hours of the morning.
Chierika Ukogu is the first athlete to represent Nigeria in a rowing event at the Olympics. 23-year-old crowdfunded her way to Rio to compete in the women's single sculls. She finished 20th in the finals last Saturday, but six days later
Flight UA2081 took off from Edinburgh Airport at 14:22. Declared a second emergency a short time later. Plane landed back at Edinburgh at 15:30, after circling the airport for 10 minutes.
Great City Games will go ahead as planned on Friday, but decision on Sunday's Great Manchester Run is expected in the next 24 hours. Manchester United will wear black armbands for their Europa League final against Ajax on Wednesday. A minute's silence will be observed prior to the final in Stockholm
Department for Education (DfE) met the expense from its overall budget, says the National Audit Office report. Government said it made "no apology for spending money on a programme that is proven to drive up standards" By September 2012 some 2,309 schools had converted, representing a growth
Russell Knox is currently 27th in the world rankings, 131 places above the nearest Scot, Richie Ramsay. Victory at the this week's Scottish Open in his home town of Inverness would push him right up the list for Ryder Cup qualification. Knox is a contender in most tournaments
Charlene Downes disappeared on 1 November 2003 and her body has never been found. Lancashire Police released CCTV footage of her last day alive in 2016. Karen Downes is taking legal action over a 13-year gap in releasing the footage. She said the footage could have
IOC president is being treated as a witness, not a suspect, say police in Rio. Officers have found emails from Mr Bach to another senior IOC official. Patrick Hickey was arrested last month and is facing charges. Mr Hickey, ex-head of the Irish Olympic Committee,
Joyce Banda took power following the death of President Bingu wa Mutharika. She was appointed as his running mate for the 2009 elections - Malawi had never before had a female vice-president. But she refused to endorse his plans for his brother to succeed him as president
The draw for the first round of the EFL Cup was made in Bangkok on Friday. There was confusion after the draw, which was streamed live from Bangkok. The 35 ties will be played in the week commencing Monday, 7 August. Hull City and Middlesbrough have been
Two men plead guilty to charges of dealing with proceeds of crime. Jesse and Jackson George are not believed to have snatched the monkeys. Pygmy marmosets command up to A$5,000 (Â£3,000, $3,700) on the black market. The
MPs say recruiters should try websites like Mumsnet to increase number of female spies. Report says women are being held back by male middle managers. Women make up less than one in five senior staff at MI5, MI6 and GCHQ.
Caliph Hazrat Mirza Masroor Ahmad said his "heartfelt sympathies" were with victims. He was speaking at a Peace Symposium held at the Baitul Futuh Mosque in Morden, south London. Five people died and 50 were hurt outside Parliament, last Wednesday
The 31-year-old had publicly revealed she was expecting her third child in May. She is already a mother to Ruby, nine, and Dexter, eight, from her previous relationship. Charlotte and her partner, musician Jonny Powell, have been together for seven years.
Guy Tomlinson, 37, was being chased by officers when his car hit a tipper truck. David Anger and Christopher Needham, who were both passengers in the car, died in the crash. Tomlinson was also given a 15-year driving ban at Leicester Crown Court.
Jocelyn McKay was a cross-dresser for years and lived as a woman. She only realised she needed surgery after a trip to Manchester where she dressed as a man. 200 people are currently being treated by the Regional Gender Identity and Psychosexual Service at Knockbracken in Belfast
51 Eridani b is only 20 million years old - very young by astronomical standards. Find was made by the Gemini Planet Imager, which looks for young planets orbiting nearby stars. It has the strongest methane gas signature ever found on an alien planet.
Kitchens, toilets and washing facilities have been installed at Tredegar Park. First demonstration expected on Saturday, five days before the summit. More than 150 heads of state and ministers will attend the two-day event. Security for the summit will be provided by 9,500 police
Duchess of Cambridge's sister took civil court action against a 'person or persons unknown' after her account was said to have been hacked. The Sun reported it was offered the images, which included shots of Prince George and Princess Charlotte. A 35-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of
"Racist" graffiti found scrawled on a Polish cultural centre in Hammersmith, London. Polish ambassador to Britain expresses shock at reports of 'xenophobic abuse' Cambridgeshire Police are also investigating suspected post-referendum racism. Laminated cards reading
Sam Underhill ruled out for four months with a shoulder injury. Rob McCusker joins Ospreys after leaving London Irish last season. McCusker made 133 appearances for Scarlets before moving to London Irish.
Gunmen reportedly armed with Kalashnikovs raid convoy in northern Paris. Mercedes mini-van carrying Saudi prince's paperwork was targeted, reports say. Gunmen release driver and two Saudis inside, no shots were fired, no-one hurt. Police say 250,000 euros in
Sara Cox will be the only English rugby union referee at Rio 2016. The 26-year-old is currently taking charge of the European Sevens series. Rugby union has been back in the Olympics for the first time in 92 years. There has never been a woman refereeing
NHS Shetland advised anyone needing medical attention to make their way to the hospital in Lerwick. 11 flights were cancelled at Sumburgh and one was diverted to Kirkwall. Services were restored shortly before 17:00.
Beaulieu Convent School in Jersey also referred to "worries about alcohol and drug consumption" Former pupil said the prom was an important milestone and accused the school of overreacting. Headmaster Chris Beirne said he could no longer "safely manage the risk" associated with
Mohamed is desperate to cross safely into Europe, unable to pay the $2,000 (Â£1,300) demanded by smugglers for the boat trip to the Greek islands. But as the EU progresses with plans to redistribute 120,000 asylum seekers, the reality is that he will not be
Porter left the National League side in October 2014. The 37-year-old landed the same role with the O's under Barry Hearn in 2006. "This is a time for us to look to the future," he says.
Justice Ginsburg says she wasn't "100% sober" at State of the Union speech. At 81, Justice Ginsburg is the oldest serving judge on the Supreme Court. She said she had vowed to stick to sparkling water after dozing at the speech in past years. But she
Police searched an address in Crumpsall, Manchester on Friday. Suspect, 26, was arrested the following day on suspicion of offences under Terrorism Act. Police would not comment on the nature of the alleged offence.
Deputy Prime Minister Bill English likely to take over until caucus chooses new leader. Mr Key said it was a personal decision and denied his wife Bronagh had given him an ultimatum. He ended nine years of Labour Party rule in 2008 when he ousted Helen Clark as prime minister.
Shadow home secretary Diane Abbott and Cat Smith accuse Tories of 'personal attacks' Accusations come ahead of Westminster debate on abuse suffered by MPs. PM Theresa May has called for parties to unite against 'bullying and harassment' Tory Simon Hart says there has been a change in attitudes
A 17-year-old girl has been charged with an attempted kidnap of a child in Normanton. Police say the driver may have picked up two teenage girls in Derby on the day of the attempted kidnap. Derbyshire Police said the taxi driver might have "crucial" information
Street & Arrow food truck aims to help ex-offenders change their lives away from crime. Based on Homeboy Industries Programme in Los Angeles, which has taken on more than 10,000 former gang members. The truck, in Glasgow's Partick, is to take on additional trainees
Rezgar Zengana posed as a taxi driver to pick up his 25-year-old victim. He then raped her at a flat in Cessnock on 10 December 2006. The Iraqi national fled after being convicted of the attack. Zengana features in a most
SWAT officers deployed at main Dallas police HQ after anonymous threat. A nearby parking lot was searched for a "suspicious person" but no-one was found. Five white police officers were shot dead by a black man, Micah Johnson, on Thursday. The march was against the
Ben Flynn, 24, enticed the boy to his home in Droylsden, Greater Manchester, with promises to use his Playstation and offered to pay his bus fare. Police described Flynn as a "dangerous predator" He admitted 13 sex offences including two counts of rape and two sexual assaults.
The European Space Agency astronaut has arrived at the International Space Station. Samantha will be conducting experiments that cannot be done on Earth. She will experience 16 sunrises and sunsets every day and be tested to see how this affects her body clock. Other things that will be looked at
Councillor Alison Teal served with a legal notice for her involvement in protests. Sheffield City Council say removal of street trees in the city is lawful and necessary. Ms Teal was previously arrested for protesting against the tree removals. Charges against her and 13 others were dropped
Team Sky riders tweet their support for boss Sir Dave Brailsford. Sir Bradley Wiggins' authorised use of banned drugs to treat a medical condition leaked by hackers. Team Sky doctor Richard Freeman has also come under scrutiny. Brailsford has denied any wrongdoing, saying TUEs "do
Snapchat Spectacles will go on sale later this year priced at $130 (£100) The glasses will record up to 30 seconds of video at a time. Snapchat is renaming itself Snap, Inc. as part of the announcement.
Guinea-Bissau will make their debut at the 2014 Africa Cup of Nations. Thousands lined the streets of the capital, Bissau, to watch the squad parade by on Tuesday. They will play Group A rivals and hosts Gabon in Saturday's opener.
Weald of Kent girls' grammar school wants to open an annexe in Sevenoaks. Department for Education is considering the plans which have the backing of Kent County Council. If approved, the annexe could pave the way for more grammars to open satellite campuses.
Etienne Capoue put Watford ahead early in the second half. Freddie Hinds and Bobby Reid responded for Bristol City. Jose Holebas was sent off in the 88th minute for a foul on Niclas Eliasson. Eliasson scored a breakaway
Two inmates escaped their cells and threatened staff at HMP Erlestoke on Saturday. No-one was hurt and those involved in the incident are being investigated by police. The Prison Officers' Association said the issues surrounded a lack of regime due to insufficient staffing levels.
Root averaged almost 95 in Test cricket under Moores, who was dismissed on 9 May. Yorkshire right-hander has since amassed 1,135 Test runs. Root was left out of England team for final Test of Ashes whitewash in January 2014. The 24-year-old
Marc-Antoine Fortune scored twice as Shrimpers beat Posh 1-0. Tom Nichols scored the only goal at the ABAX Stadium. Victory lifts Shrimper up to fifth, while Posh are ninth in the table.
Developer Croudace Homes said the number of homes had been reduced from 600 and efforts made to cut the impact on the woodland. Opponents fear the development on the site in Hermitage Lane, Allington, will destroy ancient woodland and cause traffic gridlock.
Embankment on Farnham to Alton line collapsed on 13 April. Engineers noticed the track at Wrecclesham, Surrey, was starting to dip after heavy rain. The line is due to reopen on 4 May. Network Rail warned of possible future closures for stabilisation work
Indian-born detective constable claimed to have seen a large monkey toy in Belgravia police station. He said the stuffed black toy had a police officer's shirt on and a label saying "night-duty ERO" Scotland Yard promised to look into the matter but the detective was himself
Davao mayor says many of the 176 journalists who have been killed in the Philippines have "done something wrong" He says: "The constitution can no longer help you if you disrespect a person" Journalists group says comments give security officials the right to kill for defamation. Dava
Ben Gerring, 29, was in the water near Mandurah, south of Perth, when the attack occurred on Tuesday afternoon. Police said Mr Gerring's injuries were too severe to overcome and he died on Friday night. Surf Lifesaving Western Australia had reportedly issued a warning before the
Two RNLI vessels rescued him at open day at Moelfre Lifeboat station. He was then taken to Ysbyty Gwynedd, Bangor, by a UK Coastguard helicopter. North Wales Police is investigating the incident and has appealed for witnesses.
Botswana's reliance on diamonds has come into question. The country is looking to diversify its economy by strengthening existing sectors. Agriculture, in its entirety, only makes up 3% of Botswana's economy.
Kandyce Downer, 35, is accused of murdering 18-month-old Keegan Downer in September. More than 120 old or recent bruises and broken bones were discovered on her body. Keegan also had a spiral leg fracture which had gone untreated, court hears.
Ryan Dow scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Coll Donaldson was sent off for St Johnstone for denying Chris Kane an obvious goal-scoring opportunity. United's win was their first in Perth in four years. Kilmarnock's draw means the gap
Joe Storey, 27, had denied murdering Kerri McAuley, 32, but admitted manslaughter. He was high on cocaine when he punched mother-of-two after a row about an ex-girlfriend. Jury at Norwich Crown Court took less than an hour to find him guilty
Trio were travelling to work at Dereham along the A47 Acle Straight, near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. They saw what they thought was a broken-down car and some people running along the road. A blaring horn then alerted them to a car upside down in
Met has already said the number of armed officers will go up in London by 600 to 2,800. A further 900 armed officers are planned to be in operation for the rest of England and Wales. Comes after 84 people were killed when a lorry ploughed into a large crowd
Measure guarantees majority of seats to party that wins most votes in an election. It is key element of reforms promised by Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Law seeks to end post-war era of revolving governments and political horse-trading. Opposition parties boycotted Monday's vote
The Dow Jones rose 0.2% to 19,251.78, while the wider S&P 500 gained 0.3% to 2,204.71. Banking shares performed strongly, with Wells Fargo up 2.2%, Bank of America up 1.5% and Goldman up
Joseph Smith was not in a booster seat and suffered multiple injuries in the crash. Dean Collins was found guilty of causing death and serious injury by dangerous driving. The 24-year-old, from St Mellons, was sentenced at Cardiff Crown Court. He was also handed a three-year
The 49-strong team for the event will be at London Stadium in Stratford from 14-23 July. Britain won 31 medals in Doha two years ago, including 13 golds, finishing fourth in the medal table. London will be the first time the event has been held in the
Afghan father tells the BBC his wife was raped in Badakhshan province eight years ago. He says he has been unable to get the alleged rapists arrested because they are politically powerful. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani promised him that arrests would be made. Jahangir
Ben Frost barricaded himself into girlfriend's flat on Dartmoor. Arrested two hours after breaking through roof. Admits two charges of criminal damage and two of threatening behaviour.
Jonathan Trott hits 175 as Warwickshire reach 413 at Taunton. Tim Ambrose (63) and Rikki Clarke (57) also hit half-centuries for the hosts. Young paceman Grant Thornton took two wickets on his Championship debut. Marcus Tresc
Mickey Demetriou fired in from 20 yards just before the hour mark. Newport dominated at Rodney Parade to claim a third consecutive win. The Exiles remain in the League Two relegation zone, a point behind Hartlepool with four matches to play.
James Ward-Prowse, Nathan Redmond and Alex Grealish score for England. Cauley Woodrow's shot was deflected in by a Guinea defender. Gareth Southgate's side also beat Portugal in their opening game of the tournament.
Shadow attorney general posted image of house with three England flags and white van. UKIP said she had "sneered, and looked down her nose at a white van in Strood" Labour leader Ed Miliband was "angry" at her, a senior figure told the BBC.
Musician Richard Carpenter is suing Universal Music and A&M Records. He claims the labels undercounted revenue from digital downloads of The Carpenters' music. Carpenter hired accountants to examine financial statements from Universal Music. The band's career was cut short when Karen developed
Visit comes after Myanmar opened up to international trade and investment. Myanmar delegation includes temporary power company Aggreko and oil and gas firms Wood Group, Asco and Bibby Offshore. Scottish Secretary David Mundell is in Texas to try to boost support for North Sea oil sector.
Dominican court ruled that children born there to undocumented migrants were not automatically eligible for Dominican nationality. Thousands who did not meet the deadline left the Dominican Republic, with many saying they were forced out by the authorities. Catholic Church has played a key role in the migration crisis with some priests defending the rights
Sayes Court will double in size and provide an additional 210 places by September 2015. Surrey County Council said it needs to bridge a Â£215m funding gap for 13,000 places. Esher School is also being completely rebuilt to boost capacity by 210 places.
Congo international midfielder Linganzi signs a one-month deal at Fratton Park. The 26-year-old made his debut against Coventry in the EFL Cup on Monday. Goalkeeper Liam O'Brien returns for a second spell at the club he left in 2010.
Rob Herring, Paul Marshall and Alan O'Connor available to face Zebre on Friday. Nick Williams, Luke Marshall and Ian Humphreys doubtful for Ulster. Sammy Arnold ruled out for up to three weeks with hamstring injury. Dan Tuohy to have exploratory surgery on
Crickhowell has only one national chain - Boots chemist. All other businesses are family run and independent. Final decision on application will be taken by Brecon Beacons National Park Authority.
Blair Alston opened the scoring for the Bairns on the brink of half-time. John Baird netted his 18th of the season shortly after the break. Derek Lyle pulled a goal back with a neat turn and finish.
Assistant Treasurer Josh Frydenberg called for temporary housing of Syrian and Iraqi asylum seekers. Federal Opposition calls for 10,000 additional places for refugees from the Middle East. Opposition Labor leader Bill Shorten also said the government should spend an extra $A100m ($69m; Â
Almost 30 organisations sign open letter seeking urgent meeting with minister. Signatories include National Farmers' Union, Royal Society of Edinburgh and Roslin Institute. They said they were 'extremely concerned' about the 'negative impact' of a ban on GM crops. Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead
St Clare's Catholic Primary School in Birmingham has met with equality leaders at the city council to discuss a complaint from the pupil's family. Council is supporting the school to ensure its policies are appropriate. Muslim Women's Network UK said the school was not at fault as young girls are not required to wear head
Alexander Reid repeatedly told DWP staff that he was single. But in reality he was living with his wife Kathleen Reid, despite claiming to be separated. The 59-year-old, from Dundee, was found guilty following a trial at Dundee Sheriff Court.
Matthew Daley, 35, admitted killing 79-year-old Donald Lock on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing, last July. Daley had admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death, claiming diminished responsibility. Lewes Crown Court heard Daley suffered from chronic mental health problems.
Initial estimate showed growth was 0.2% in the first quarter of the year. ONS said the growth was driven by services, particularly retail, and film production. Film production in the UK was one of the best performing parts of the economy. Analysts said the rise in growth was
Chelsea face Notts County in the first Women's FA Cup final to be held at Wembley. 30,000 tickets have already been sold for the game, which will set a new benchmark. Eniola Aluko says it is a unique, out-of-body experience to play in front
Farage said he was "not particularly in favour of Mr Hamilton's return to the front line" Mr Hamilton replied: "If Attenborough can still survive in a jungle of wild animals and predators at 90, I'm sure I'll be fine in the assembly"
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 at Stamford Bridge. Eden Hazard scored the only goal of the game in the first half. Jose Mourinho's side are now 10 points clear at the top of the Premier League.
Evidence will be used to develop recommendations for care providers and public bodies. Older People's Commissioner for Wales Sarah Rochira will highlight good care but also show the impact of poor care upon older people.
Mr Evans will succeed Ian Jones in the role from October. He was educated at Ysgol Penweddig, Aberystwyth and Swansea University. Mr Evans joined the civil service in 2010 and is currently deputy permanent secretary.
Mewn cam annisgwyl, wrth siarad o flaen 10 Downing Street, dywedodd fod y wlad yn dod at ei gilydd yn dilyn pleidlais. Mae'r blaid Lafur wedi
Project will examine hair, bone and other material from a collection amassed by a Swiss biologist. Material claimed to be from such creatures have never been subjected to modern scientific techniques. Researchers will apply latest advances in genetic testing, aiming to publish in journals.
European football's governing body blames "gaps in communication" between Wada and two of its laboratories. Uefa says it is "clearly not possible" for anyone to tell whether a substance is a prohibited substance. Sakho tested positive for the fat burner in March 2017 and
Council for Science and Technology (CST) wants "public good" GM varieties to be grown and tested in the UK. It says GM crops should be assessed individually - like pharmaceuticals - taking potential benefits into account. A new UK regulator similar to NICE (the National Institute for Health and Care
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. When email
Maj-Gen Yair Golan said he detected trends in Israeli society suggestive of "nauseating processes" that occurred in 1930s Nazi Germany. Netanyahu said the comments were outrageous, cheapened the Holocaust and caused harm to Israel. Defence Minister Moshe Yaalon said he had "
Most of S4C's £80m budget comes from the licence fee. In February 2016 ministers said funding would stay at £6.7m in 2016-17. Wales Office does not expect the investigation to be completed until 2017.
Services will divert to low-level platforms or Glasgow Central. ScotRail said the closure was necessary to renew 1,800m of existing concrete slab track formation. Transport Minister Derek Mackay said: "This is a once in a generation project"
John Jay Moores' consortium are close to securing a £50m deal. The takeover would see the former San Diego Padres owner take an 80% stake. Moores' group were previously interested in buying Premier League side Everton.
Overall national picture for GCSE grades is very similar to last year. Proportion getting A* to C grades has nudged up from 68.8% to 69%. Northern Ireland's pupils are stretching their lead over everyone else.
IMF says global outlook is fraught because of weak trade and a series of risks including a UK exit from the EU. It urged countries to boost public spending and avoid deflation. The IMF last week made its second cut to global growth forecasts this year.
Fox News select 10 most popular Republicans based on five national polls. Donald Trump, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker will take the stage in Cleveland on Thursday night. Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum reacted angrily to his omission.
Ellis Genge is one of four uncapped players in the England squad for the summer Tests. The 21-year-old joined Leicester on loan in February, making five appearances. Genge made his senior debut for Bristol in the 2013-14 British and Irish Cup.
Stephen Hammond said job roles would change when the paper system is scrapped. The minister allayed fears about job losses in a letter to Swansea East AM Mike Hedges. Mr Hedges said the minister's response would "give comfort" to DVLA employees.
Worcestershire's two Championship matches so far have produced eight centuries. England all-rounder Moeen Ali, Joe Clarke, Brett D'Oliveira and Tom Kohler-Cadmore have all reached three figures for the New Road side. Rhodes says better pitches will
Facebook has bought more than 200 acres of Silicon Valley land. The social media company is considering building a giant Facebook town. More than a quarter of the residents of Menlo Park, California work for Facebook. Facebook may not move in for a number of years.
Bailey died after the incident at Cults Academy on 28 October. The 16-year-old accused - who cannot be named for legal reasons - appeared in private at Aberdeen Sheriff Court. He made no plea, was fully committed and remanded in custody.
Walsall goalkeeper Liam Roberts has agreed a new one-year deal. The 25-year-old has been with Carlisle since 2008. Roberts has made 160 appearances for the club.
Wa-ays Dhaye, 18, died from multiple knife wounds after being attacked. He was walking home after spending the day at Notting Hill Carnival. Khianni Gordon was jailed for life with a minimum of 19 years for murder. Kaneel Huggins and Antwon Clarke were given
Right from the start people have embraced the Games and wanted to be a part of it. It was fitting that the athletes were centre stage in the final ceremony of the Games. The parade of Olympic and Paralympic athletes through central London will continue on Monday.
Sykes-Picot was a 1916 treaty between British and French diplomats marking the borders of the Middle East. It epitomized the concept of clandestine colonial carve-ups, and epitomised the idea of "divide-and-rule" "It's not just me that's
Celtic winger Roberts intends to return to Manchester City in the summer. The 19-year-old moved to Glasgow a year ago and has played in more than 40 games. If Celtic can avoid defeat against St Johnstone on Wednesday, they will equal the record of 26 unbeaten domestic matches set
Premier League teams spent a record £1.38bn on transfers in the 2016-17 season - a 43% increase on transfer spending from the 2014-15 season. Championship spent £42.4m on agents, an increase of 62%. Manchester City (£26.3m
Gilmartin has signed an undisclosed-length deal with the Hornets. The 30-year-old failed to play a first-team game for the Hornets in three years. His most recent senior match in England came for Plymouth in January 2013.
Tor is the most popular software available for gaining access to the part of the internet unreachable using a conventional browser. To some, Tor is a menace: a (largely) impenetrable system that enables some of the most depraved crimes to take place on the internet. To others,
John and Elizabeth Knott were found dead at their home in Bosbury, Herefordshire. Each had died from a single shotgun wound and a shotgun registered to Mr Knott was recovered. Inquest heard Mrs Knott, 70, had been suffering from Alzheimer's disease and anxiety.
Scotland's early lead had gone, the sides were level at 1-1 and the frailties at the heart of their defence were evident again. Scotland had enjoyed 72.5% possession in that opening half and their dominance of the ball wasn't reflected in a dominance on the scoreboard.
James Vaughan opened the scoring for Bury in the 16th minute. Tom Pope doubled their lead on 40 minutes. Stuart Beavon pulled one back for rock-bottom Coventry. Bury are now four points above the bottom four.
Government says it has turned back 633 asylum seekers who were trying to reach Australia by boat. Immigration Minister Peter Dutton said 46 people on a recent venture did come from Vietnam. The boat that they came on has been scuttled and we have been able to stare down that venture
Marc Marquez overtook Valentino Rossi with 12 laps to go to win the Moto3 race. The Spaniard, 23, started on pole but slipped to fifth place after an early technical issue. Marquez now leads Rossi by 248 points with four races remaining. Defending champion Jorge
Glover won three World Cup events with Heather Stanning last season. Glover and Swann won the world title in South Korea. The 27-year-old is hoping to hold on to her title at the World Championships.
Lib Dem leader says it is "dispiriting if pretty unsurprising" to see Tories turn back on Lib Dems. Accuses David Cameron's government of ditching commitment to civil liberties. Calls for electoral reform and wholesale changes to Britain's constitution.
Output rose 9.3% from a year ago, which was up from March's figure of 8.9% but below market forecasts for a 9.5% rise. "This is not the start of a rally, it is a sputtering whimper as momentum continues to fade," said economists at
Microsoft's XBox Kinect system developed with help of seven different research groups. Kinect racked up 8m sales in its first 60 days. Microsoft may well spend more on R&D than any other business.
Labour outperformed every Wales-only poll over the course of the campaign. They gained three seats from the Conservatives, taking their total to 28 in Wales. The Conservatives also saw their vote share increase across Wales by 6.3%. Plaid Cymru increased their parliamentary representation, taking
Tshibola signed his first professional contract with the club last summer. Bingham joined Mansfield from Wigan Athletic in the summer and has scored four goals in 20 games. Pools are awaiting clearance from the Football Association and the Football League for the duo to feature against Wycombe Wand
Polling booths opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 15 constituencies. Results expected to be declared after midnight. Votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00.
Josh Martin, 13, was diagnosed with cancer on Christmas Eve. Doctors removed a large primary cancer and five smaller growths from his appendix. The 13-year-old from Donaghadee, County Down, has received support from all over the world. A massive billboard with the
Annual Pride march takes place on Oxford Street in London. Red Arrows will fly past and rainbow flag flying at Parliament. Justine Greening, Secretary of State for International Development, announces she is in a same-sex relationship. London Mayor Sadiq Khan and singer Alesha Dixon
GKN Aerospace in Yeovil, Somerset, makes airframes for Royal Navy helicopters. Leonardo, which assembles the Wildcat helicopter in the town, has told GKN it plans to take production in-house. The firm said the current arrangement was "no longer sustainable"
Matthew Gillard pleaded not guilty to kidnapping and false imprisonment. He also denied charges of common assault, assaulting a police officer and driving dangerously. The charges relate to incidents in east Belfast and Comber on Saturday 4 April.
Nato documents reveal how the UK claimed Rockall in 1955. Government feared it could be used by 'hostile agents' to monitor the Hebrides Rocket Range. Rock is an eroded volcano that lies 260 miles (418km) west of the Western Isles.
Sir Peter Blake, 84, said he hopes Liverpool people will accept him as an "honorary Scouser" He also gave Mersey ferry Snowdrop a dazzle ship makeover entitled Everybody Razzle Dazzle. Citizen of Honour awards were introduced in 2008 to recognise
The 25-year-old joined the Minstermen from Tranmere Rovers on a two-year deal in May. Mooney's first stint in professional football in England was at Wycombe. He is available for Alfreton's game against Welling United on Saturday.
Scientists in Lincolnshire have been testing the impact of bioenergy crops on soil carbon. They are measuring how much atmospheric carbon the crops were able to lock in the soil. Co-researcher Rebecca Rowe is 12 months into a three-year project that involves collecting metre soil samples all
The IMF's new official forecast is for the gap between spending and taxes still to be a deficit of £7bn in 2019-20. This is compared with the Office for Budget Responsibility's forecast made at the last budget. Unlike Labour and the Lib Dems they are committed to generating a surplus
Raworth and Ackerley join Matt Allwright and Chris Hollins for new series. Anne Robinson's departure from BBC One show was announced earlier this month. Ackerley joined BBC in 2005 and has previously reported for Watchdog and Crimewatch Roadshow.
Domenico Scala, who heads up Fifa's Ad-Hoc Electoral Committee, is Swiss-Italian. Scala excused himself from the 2015 elections as he shared nationality with a candidate, Swiss Sepp Blatter. LFA boss Musa Bility says he will go to the
Yiannoulla Yianni, 17, was attacked while home alone in Hampstead, north London. James Warnock, 56, convicted of the 'horrifying' killing of the schoolgirl in 1982. Case was one of the Met Police's unsolved murders before DNA samples matched
BBC spent £4.3bn over two years, which led to a boost to the economy of £8.3billion. Spending in London was three times the rest of the UK combined. BBC's chief economic and policy adviser Najma Rajah explained the'multiplier effect'
Ding extended his first-session lead from 6-2 to 10-2. Welshman Williams managed to pot just two balls before the mid-session interval. Ding scored at least a half-century in every frame he won. Mark Selby maintained his four-frame advantage
Bahrain is home to the US Navy's Fifth fleet and has flown airstrike missions over Syria. Security assistance has been withheld since 2011, when the Gulf state put down mass Shia-led protests. US State Department spokesman John Kirby said that Bahrain had made progress on human rights. He said
The ticket for the Grosvenor in Norwich was bought for seven shillings and sixpence. It was signed by John Lennon and Ringo Starr. The ticket is being auctioned by Bonhams on 3 July.
MPs say young adults are 'let down by the system that's supposed to support them' Outcomes for 10,000 young people aged 16 or over who leave care each year are 'poor and worsening' Ofsted has rated two-thirds of council care leaver services inadequate or requiring
Association of Teachers and Lecturers voted to monitor the policing of the requirement. Robin Bevan said he had concerns about how the values might be interpreted by a future right-wing government. He accused the rules on British values as "deeply ill-considered" and "political post
Keith Davies, 56, from Troedyrhiw, has not been seen since Saturday. South Wales Police had appealed for information following his disappearance. A body has been found but has not yet been formally identified.
David Oyelowo says he has spoken to Benedict Cumberbatch about the controversy. Cumberbatch used the word 'coloured' to describe black actors on a US TV show. Oyelowowo: "To attack him for a term, as opposed to what he was actually
Ruling widened definition of who is subject to Deprivation of liberty safeguards. Law Commission says this has led to rise in cases and left services 'unable to cope' Hospitals and care homes in England made 195,840 DoLS applications in 2015-16. This is
Right to buy council houses and shares in British Telecom and British Gas were among initiatives that won her much support. Some believe that other changes, such as those that made mortgages and credit much easier to get, sowed the seeds of future crises. Here, BBC reporters look at some of the
The find spans adjacent blocks operated separately by the two companies. GDF Suez has already built up more than 50 licences in the Central and Southern North Sea and West of Shetland. BP, along with co-venturers, is undertaking Â£10bn investment programme in the North
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner said he was doing "necessary due diligence" in talking to other manufacturers. Mercedes understood to be against supplying Red Bull because they do not want to help a strong rival become more competitive. Ferrari team principal Maurizio Arrivabene said
Carnival Triumph docked in Mobile, Alabama, at 21:15 (03:15 GMT Friday) Disembarking the passengers took more than four hours. Passengers had reported sewage on the floors, poor sanitation and lack of access to toilets.
England scrum-half Danny Care claimed a hat-trick, while Luke Wallace crossed twice. Grenoble reached the last four with a 33-32 win over Connaght. Montpellier will play Newport Gwent Dragons in the other semi.
Islanders have until 17:00 BST on 13 September to submit applications. The information will help form the Strategic Land Use Plan. No guarantees will be given as to where development can take place.
Janet de Vigne to appear at launch of weekly film nights in Kingussie, Scotland. The village does not have a cinema, but will hold the events in a local hotel. Slumdog Millionaire won eight Oscars in 2009.
Middlesex were bowled out for 381 at Taunton to lead by 145. Somerset closed on 348-6, an advantage of 203 runs.
Report ordered by government after claims some Muslim groups were trying to take control in some schools. Government's report was compiled by retired senior police officer Peter Clarke. Birmingham council has released its own report disagreeing with Mr Clarke.
Opposition MP Luis Florido quips: "The country's reality has hit them in the face" Venezuela is in the middle of a deep economic crisis caused by a drop in global oil prices. The opposition accuses authorities of mismanagement.
In Vietnam, medical treatment is mostly subsidised by the state via an insurance system. But queues for treatment under insurance cover are long and public hospitals overcrowded. With growing capitalist sentiment meeting entrenched Confucian values, the practice of handing over a cash-filled envelope to secure faster or better
UK Foreign Secretary accuses Argentines of 'outrageous bullying' Falklands Islands government says Argentina has no case. Analysts say Argentina will lose in the courts. Tensions already high after UK announced Â£280m to improve defences on islands.
Mako Vunipola and brother Billy started their careers at Thornbury Rugby Club. Both have become England regulars since joining Saracens, with Mako winning 29 international caps. They were both junior members at the club on the outskirts of Bristol in South Gloucestershire.
Emma Morano was born on 29 November 1899 in the Piedmont region of Italy. She was officially the last person born in the 1800s still living. Ms Morano had attributed her longevity to her genetics and a diet of three eggs a day, two of them raw.
Owens' team suffered a record European defeat as they conceded nine tries in a 64-14 Champions Cup hammering in Paris. New Zealand's World Rugby player of the year Dan Carter kicked six goals and organised the demolition. Scarlets have now lost all five of their European Champions Cup
Patrick Ah Van scores two tries as St Helens beat Widnes Vikings. Theo Fages, Matty Smith and Alex Mellor crossed for the visitors. Mark Percival kicked 12 points for the hosts. Saints are now just one point off 11th-placed Hudd
Ashley Brace could not compete at the Commonwealth Games because of her kickboxing past. She said she was unhappy with the support from the Welsh Amateur Boxing Association. Chairman David Francis said the organisation did all it could to help. Brace now trains at Bristol Boxing Gym and has
Maria Sharapova beats Roberta Vinci in her first match since 15-month ban. Former world number one moves up to fifth in the WTA rankings. Five-time Grand Slam champion will need to win at least two more matches to qualify for Wimbledon. The Russian will
World No. 1 beats Japan's Kei Nishikori 6-3 7-5 in straight sets. Djokovic will represent Serbia at the Rio Olympics. The 29-year-old has won seven titles this year.
Berti Bia-Bi equalised for Falkirk with a header against Cowdenbeath on Saturday. The 18-year-old came on as a second half substitute in the 2-2 draw at Central Park. Falkirk boss Neil Houston wants to bring in another striker
Hollande to tell EU leaders they must focus on boosting the economy. UK Independence Party wins 27% of the vote in UK, pushing Socialists into third place. Far-right National Front president Marine Le Pen says her party will use mandate to 'defend France' UKIP
UKIP leader Nigel Farage launches poster attacking the Conservatives' record on immigration. Tories say UKIP's policy on immigration is in 'chaos' Net migration rose to 298,000 for the year ending in September 2014 - higher than when he came to office.
Home secretary says it would be'sheer madness' to give up UK's nuclear deterrent. Claims there is a 'rapidly changing terrorist threat' from Islamic State and Boko Haram. But she disputes suggestion UK no longer needs a nuclear deterrent, saying it faces 'conventional enemies
Eric Pickles scrapped guidance telling councils to introduce fortnightly collections. More than half the councils in England collect refuse once a fortnight. Labour's Hilary Benn says the funding would be better spent on children's centres.
Discovery made in western Brazilian Amazon. More than 450 large geometrical 'geoglyphs' found. Team say function of these mysterious sites is still little understood. It is thought they were used only sporadically as ritual gathering places.
Catalans beat Hull 8-4 in first round of Super League. Carlos Tuimavave and Richie Myler scored tries for the French side. Liam Watts scored a late try for the Black and Whites. Greg Bird was sin binned in the first half.
Hobbit star says Don Quixote is'most metal fictional character I know' Latest album is collaboration with Italian symphonic metal band, Rhapsody Of Fire. Sir Christopher launched his singing career in the 1990s with an album of Broadway tunes.
Malky Mackay was sacked as Cardiff City manager at the end of last season. Solskjaer replaced the Scot, who had a falling out with the club's Malaysian owner Vincent Tan. The Bluebirds slipped into the Premier League's bottom three for the first time under the Norwegian.
Sunderland manager Sam Allardyce says the club must learn from its mistakes this season. Allardyce took charge of the Black Cats in October when they were winless in their opening eight matches. The Black Cats ended the season with only one defeat in 11 games, and were unbeaten
He retained his position with 41,337 votes, ahead of Conservative Matthew Vickers, who received 25,229. Total turnout was 79,829 - 19.73% of the electorate, which was up 5% from the 2012 election.
Monarch had earlier been at Musselburgh Racecourse's 200th birthday celebrations. The 650-year-old Sheep Heid Inn has been linked to the Royals since the 1500s. King James VI of Scotland gifted the landlord an ornate ram's head snuff box in 1580
Stephen Paul Copoc was born on 1 August 1968. He was aged 20 years when he died at Hillsborough. His niece Natalie Tennant wrote a statement for his inquest.
Lance Corporal Joseph Scott Pemberton was convicted of killing Jennifer Laude. Pemberton will face between six and 12 years imprisonment. The case has strained ties between the US and the Philippines.
A BBC and BuzzFeed News investigation has revealed evidence of suspected match-fixing in tennis. Former world No. 1 and doubles representative Roger Fleming says players should be banned if found guilty. Fleming and his partner were beaten in the first round of the Australian Open by Robin Haase and Fernando
Pte Manning, formerly known as Bradley, was sentenced to 35 years in military prison for leaking a trove of classified US documents. After the conviction, she announced the desire to live as a woman. The US military prohibits transgender people from serving openly in the military. Defence Secretary Chuck Hagel
Downing Street says cuts to PIP will not go ahead in their current form. But alternative proposals for saving Â£4bn earmarked for the savings will come in Autumn Statement. Shadow chancellor John McDonnell calls for George Osborne to resign over cuts. Mr Cameron is to reject this
Watson, 22, was seeded eighth in the tournament but lost 7-5 6-2 to the world number 101. The British number one converted just one of seven break points in the first set. Watson's early exit comes less than a month after her first-round defeat in
South Korean grandfather Chan Jae, 75, uses Instagram to draw pictures for his grandchildren. His son Ji Lee, a creative director at Facebook, set up the account for his father. It took months to convince his "quiet reserved" father who "hated learning new things" that he should draw
Hamilton was 0.107secs slower than his Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was second fastest, followed by Sebastian Vettel. Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen was third fastest, with Red Bull's Valtteri Bottas fourth
Midfielder Kyle McClean has signed for St Johnstone on a one-year deal. McClean was released by Nottingham Forest at the end of the 2016-17 season. St Johnstone finished fourth in the Premiership last season.
Children's author Michael Rosen says Disney can reinvent itself 'like the Royal Family' In the last decade alone they've bought up Pixar, Marvel and Lucas Films.
This year's early figure is nearly double the number of students placed through system. Overall, 437,070 students have been accepted on to university courses. This is down 1.3% on the same point last year, Ucas figures show.
Phosphorus is an irreplaceable element for all life forms. Humans have been systematically using it to boost agricultural production since the 19th century. Study looks at the use of phosphorus on grasslands which cover around a quarter of Earth's ice-free land areas. More phosphorus is
Foreign investors have been blamed for driving up the cost of real estate in Toronto and Vancouver. Canada's ailing economy has become a major issue as the country elects new leadership. The average price of a detached home in Vancouver is more than $1 million (Â£640,000)
Harry Maceachen was born with biliary atresia, which blocked his bile ducts. His father Simon donated part of his liver after no suitable match was found from the register. Harry underwent the operation on Thursday at Birmingham Children's Hospital.
Haley McTaggart, 33, admitted getting charity Alice's Escapes to pay Â£2,000 for her to go on a trek to Mount Kilimanjaro in Tanzania. Alice Pyne, 17, of Ulverston, died of Hodgkin's lymphoma in 2013 after
America Luke Richardson sent 4,000 messages to a 14-year-old girl from Essex. He also visited schools without authorisation and stole police uniform. Richardson, of Salford, admitted six counts of sexual activity with a child. Police also found a large quantity of
ScotRail said the RMT would now present the proposal to its members. The dispute led to several days of strikes over the summer. Further industrial action was suspended earlier this month for more talks.
The humpback was seen at Pettycur Bay, Kinghorn in Fife. Police Scotland is warning boat owners to keep a safe distance from the whale. Endangered species such as dolphins, porpoises and whales are protected by wildlife legislation.
Panthers kept alive their title hopes and closed the gap on leaders Devils to four points. Franklin MacDonald, Geoff Waugh and Evan Mosey's two goals secured the win. The sides meet again in the Challenge Cup final at the Sheffield Arena on Sunday.
Williams was the first black woman to be named Miss America in 1983. She resigned after Penthouse magazine published nude photos of her without her consent. Now 52, she has forged a career as an actress, with major roles in Ugly Betty and Desperate Housewives.
The decommissioned Type 22 frigates are currently moored in Portsmouth Harbour. Bidders had until 23 January to register an interest in the former Devonport-based ships. Those who have registered an interest are finalising their bids with viewings in February and March. A final
SSE submits "needs case" as part of planning process for the cable. Energy regulator Ofgem has asked for further details to be submitted. Project has been hit by delays and a rise in costs to an estimated Â£780m. Interconnector would export electricity to
Johan Gustafsson, 42, is being flown back to Sweden from Africa, Foreign Minister Margot Wallström said. He was seized by al-Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb (AQIM) along with two other men, one of whom was freed in a dawn raid
Wigan Athletic beat Blackburn Rovers 3-0 at the DW Stadium. Yanic Wildschut, Nick Powell and Shane Duffy scored for the hosts. Owen Coyle's side remain bottom of the Championship.
Academics said treating the condition was complex and "poor management" can lead to medical emergencies. Type 1 diabetes is where the pancreas does not produce any insulin and is more common in childhood. Welsh government helped to fund the research, which studied 1,577 children with the
Nottingham Forest and Preston North End draw 1-1 in their Premier League clash. Simon Makienok scored his second league goal of the season for the visitors. Thomas Lam's shot hit the post before bouncing off Chris Maxwell's heel and into the net. Nicklas Bendtner
David Vallenilla's 22-year-old son, also called David, was shot by military police on Thursday. Vallenilla says he once worked with the president on Caracas' transport system. He called on his "former colleague" to clear his son's name.
Boston College has been issued with a subpoena instructing it to hand over material. Dozens of loyalists and republicans provided testimonies to Boston College staff. Details about internal politics and activities of the IRA were revealed on tape.
The exotic pet was taken from Lathom Pets and Aquatics in Ormskirk, Lancashire. Owner Catherine Broxholme said CCTV showed a man taking the tortoise out of the tank. The 12-month-old animal has a vulnerable shell and needs calcium supplements.
It is the third confirmed diagnosis of the H5N8 strain of avian flu in Lincolnshire in four weeks. Some of the birds at the undisclosed premises have died and the rest are due to be culled. Defra said an investigation was "under way to determine the source of
More than 2,600 refugees have been forcibly returned to Nigeria from Cameroon this year. Many are unable to go back to their villages in Borno state for security reasons. Under the deal, any returns would be voluntary and only "when conditions were conducive" Cameroon has rejected the accusation and
Annie Woodland, 24, suffered brain damage in the incident in Basildon. A teacher and a pool life guard failed to realise she was in trouble. The family has successfully sued Essex County Council. Council said it did not comment on individual cases but noted the High Court judgement.
Middlesbrough striker Carayol is back to full fitness after a cruciate knee ligament injury. The 26-year-old is targeting an appearance for Gambia in the forthcoming qualifiers for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. Carayol signed a two-year extension to
Turnout for the parliamentary poll was low in districts of Bujumbura where there had been protests. But in some provinces outside the capital it was as high as 98%. The ruling party - the CNDD FDD - was ahead in every province of the country.
Since last autumn, as the economic outlook has worsened, they have fallen again. Tax-free Isas, fixed rate bonds and easy access accounts are all at or near their lowest points. Rate-checking firm Savings Champion recorded 1,440 savings rate cuts last year and more than 230 so
Forth Bridge is listed alongside the Pyramids of Egypt, the great Wall of China and the Sydney Opera House in terms of cultural significance. The distinctive red bridge has carried trains over the Forth since 1890. It measures 2,529m (1.5 miles), weighs 53,000 tonnes and
Scotland sit fifth out of six in their World Cup qualifying group. Gordon Strachan's side have lost all three of their games so far this campaign. The SFA released a statement on Thursday saying all hope is not lost.
Jatropha curcas can absorb 25 tonnes of CO2 from the atmosphere every year. Plant is already used as a biofuel in some parts of the world because its seeds can produce oil. Researchers say it is competitive with high-tech carbon capture and storage projects. Critics say
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said voters had '48 hours to get the Tories out' Former Labour leader Gordon Brown said the SNP stood for 'divide and rule' Scottish Lib Dems said voters should stick with them and Scottish Tories said a vote for them was a vote to keep the UK intact
Burkina Faso has accused France of masterminding the 1987 killing of Mr Sankara. He was killed by soldiers shortly before a meeting of his cabinet in Ouagadougou. His widow and supporters have accused the former colonial power of involvement. Blaise Comp
More than 50 people were on the bridge when it collapsed. The bridge was reportedly more than 60 years old and was banned from use. Home Minister Rajnath Singh said he was also monitoring the rescue operation.
Only London ranked worse than Scotland's largest cities in survey of UK's roads. Inrix Roadway Analytics studied traffic hotspots in 21 UK cities in September 2016. It found jams could cost drivers in Scotland £5.1bn in wasted time over the next decade.
John Kane filmed more than 60 women in Central Retail Park and nearby supermarket. 67-year-old also secretly recorded children playing outside a nearby Next store. Kane was placed on the sex offenders register ahead of sentencing on 30 March.
Police found 115 people locked inside three houses in Edinburg, close to the Mexican border. People found inside said they had not had any food or water for three days. One man told officers they had been driven to the houses from the Rio Grande river.
Referee Don Robertson sent off both players during the break. Hamilton move off bottom spot in the table thanks to a late Alex D'Acol goal. The Perth club has suspended the team-mates pending a club investigation.
Sam Smith has six nominations including best new artist. His single Stay With Me is up for best pop performance and record of the year.
Eid al-Fitr means: 'festival of the breaking of the fast' and is one of the biggest celebrations in the Islamic year. The date Eid falls on is decided by the cycle of the moon, and this year it's on Sunday evening. On the day of Eid
A 17-year-old boy was found with stab wounds in Whitmore Reans, Wolverhampton. Minutes later a second call was made when a shotgun was fired twice in nearby Deveron Close. Police believe the men, who have now been bailed, were linked to both
Vikki Thompson, 21, was found dead in her cell at HMP Leeds in 2015. She had identified as female since she was 10 years old but had never had any surgical or hormone treatment. Miss Thompson did not have a Gender Recognition Certificate establishing her female identity so she was sent to
Accountant in Bankruptcy reported 2,405 insolvencies between April and June. There were 1,144 bankruptcies, which was up 14.7% on the previous quarter. Number fell to its lowest level for more than 14 years a year ago.
Two members of teaching staff and a farmer were also injured in the accident. One of the children, Ben, said he was frightened and the other children were crying. "The trailer gone like really fast down the hill and it gone sideways and it launched us off," said Ben. The
Britain take 2-1 lead in Davis Cup final against Belgium in Ghent. Andy Murray and Jamie Murray beat David Goffin and Steve Darcis in Saturday's doubles. Kyle Edmund and James Ward play Ruben Bemelmans and John Isner on Sunday. Leon Smith and
Wladimir Klitschko takes on Anthony Joshua at Wembley on April 29. The Ukrainian is bidding to retain his IBF and WBA heavyweight titles. Joshua is unbeaten in 18 fights since turning professional in 2013. Briton says he is not worried about his safety in the ring because
Pope Francis presides over Way of the Cross ceremony at Colosseum. Comes a day after almost 150 people were killed in al-Shabab attack on Kenyan university. Vatican's official preacher denounces "disturbing indifference of world institutions" to Christians.
Judge denies media request for expanded coverage on 30 July. James Holmes, 24, is accused of opening fire at a midnight showing of the new Batman movie last Friday, killing 12 and wounding 58. Twenty of the wounded remained in hospital on Tuesday, including six in critical condition. Batman star
Swarms first appeared over a week ago near the city of Santa Cruz. It has destroyed pasture and fields of corn and sorghum. Bolivia's Agriculture Secretary says fumigation must begin immediately.
Sir Gareth Edwards was named in the Queen's Birthday Honours list in June. The 68-year-old former scrum half won 53 caps for Wales from 1967 to 1978. He also won 10 caps for the British Lions' winning series in New Zealand and South Africa.
Gordon Strachan's men are now fifth in Group F after second defeat in four games. Former Scotland striker Steven Thompson gives his marks out of 10 for the display. Derby winger Steven Forrest was Scotland's best player on the night.
Satellite images show colonies moving their locations in years when the thin sea ice on which they habitually breed forms late or is absent. They are seen to be very adept at finding the routes that allow them to get past a 30m-high cliff. The emperor is the most southerly of
Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago. Royal Zoological Society of Scotland has placed male bear Arktos in with female Victoria. Pair will live together for the next week or two "mimicking what would occur naturally in the wild"
McGuinness will replace Bruce Anstey in the team, who won last year's race. The 35-year-old has not raced since suffering multiple broken vertebrae and a fractured sternum in a crash in the Dundrod 150 Superbike race in 2015. Martin, from Gr
Judge Thokozile Masipa gave Pistorius a five-year jail sentence for culpable homicide. She said she considered her sentence "fair and just, both to society and to the accused" Pistorius showed little reaction to the sentence other than to wipe his eyes.
The whale was first seen on Thursday morning and seems to be healthy and content. It is thought it may have swum in in pursuit of fish in the channel. There are no immediate grounds for concern over the animal's health, says Department of Agriculture, Environment and Rural Affairs.
Sandra Bland was arrested during a traffic stop captured on film. She was found dead three days later, her death was ruled a suicide. The arresting officer, Brian Encinia, has been charged with perjury. He was fired from his job hours later.
Fleetwood midfielder Bobby Grant's overhead kick cleared the bar. Shrewsbury hit the same post twice within a minute early in the second half. Junior Brown's flick from a Dom Smith cross also struck the woodwork.
One Direction's "always in my heart" tweet has been retweeted more than 780,000 times. It has overtaken Barack Obama's famous "four more years" tweet from 2012. Ellen DeGeneres' Oscar selfie has also been shared more than three million times.
Hopp worked with Paul SchÃ¤fer, a former Nazi soldier who founded the commune in Chile. Residents were indoctrinated and kept as virtual slaves for more than 30 years. Hopp's lawyer says he will appeal against the sentence.
Cardiff North Labour MP Anna McMorrin pays tribute to her predecessor. Gower Labour MP Tonia Antoniazzi also paid tribute to Tory Craig Davies. Ms McMorrion: "The richest people have forced the poorest people to pay the price"
GOP presidential candidates took it in turns to give Donald Trump a bloody nose, a cracked rib, a thick lip and black eye. Rand Paul, Carly Fiorina, Jeb Bush and Scott Walker lined up to give the tycoon a kicking. Trump saw that his opponents are prepared to fight back and
The George & Dragon at Hudswell, near Richmond, North Yorkshire, won the award. The pub, the village's only community facility, closed in 2008 but reopened in 2010. Residents raised Â£200,000 to buy the building and land and helped by Plunkett Foundation
Miguel Angel Yunes Linares says fake medicine was used in state hospitals under his predecessor. Javier Duarte has been on the run from the authorities since October. He has been charged with organised crime and money laundering. There are calls for the Attorney General's office to
Researchers at the LHCb detector have measured the decay of a particle known as a Bs meson into two particles known as muons. It is the first time that this decay has ever been observed. The finding deals a significant blow to the theory of physics known as supersymmetry
Gloucester Tigers have been without a home for six years after their Meadow Park ground was destroyed by flooding. Their last home game attracted 142 supporters and after staff and players were paid, the Tigers were left with £21 profit. Owner Eamonn McGurk has supported the club financially
Captain David Seath, 31, was a fire support team commander in 29 Commando Regiment Royal Artillery. He suffered a suspected cardiac arrest while running the course and later died in hospital. Hundreds of mourners gathered at the church for the service, which was led by parish priest Father Chris Heenan
Aodhan Woods was just 17 when he was tied up, locked in a cupboard and subjected to several sexual assaults. Now 19, he has waived his right to anonymity as his attackers were jailed. Darren Fu, of Drumart Walk in Belfast, will spend half of his 11-year
Jasim Khadijah was a rocket expert who controlled attacks, Col Steve Warren said. Last month a US soldier died when a base used by US troops was shelled by IS. It was the second US combat death since the US first struck the group in 2014.
Fan-voted awards included best kiss and best shirtless performance. Ceremony was unofficial platform for this summer's blockbusters. The Fault in Our Stars won best movie and Shailene Woodley won best female.
Spencer joins Ryan Brunt and Gary Sawyer as long-term absentees for League Two leaders. The 24-year-old summer signing injured himself in training on Friday as he went to take a shot. He joins on-loan Bristol City forward Paul-Arnold Gar
Alexandre Pato has made just one Premier League start for Chelsea this season. The Brazil international has not featured since November due to a series of injuries. Chelsea interim boss Guus Hiddink has also included new signing Matt Miazga in both his Champions League and Premier League squad lists
Dolphin was stranded off the coast of Mojacar in Andalucia. Tourists began touching and photographing the animal rather than seeking help for it. Equinac, a local NGO, said "selfishness" caused the dolphin "suffering and stress"
Three men armed with a knife, hammer and batons forced their way into a house. The gang left with a sum of cash and personal items after assaulting the men. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Dr Henry McLaughlin is encouraging people to climb Slievemartin outside Rostrevor. The idea is to take a selfie and then post the picture on the 'Cairnuary' Facebook page. Dr McLaughlin said between 30 to 50 people are now climbing the mountain daily.
First Miss Wheelchair India contest held in Mumbai in late November. Organiser Sounak Banerjee says the event was a night to celebrate courage and fighting spirit of contestants. Contestants say the event honoured beauty irrespective of contestants' physical disabilities. India is not known to be
Areas in Counties Londonderry, Antrim and Down were affected. All properties have had power restored had their power restored by 22.14 BST.
The 64-year-old was found with critical injuries in Luxfield Road, south-east London. He was pronounced dead at the scene after being found at about 02:10 GMT. A 52-year old man was arrested on suspicion of murder close to where the victim was found.
Cycle route will link Leith Walk in east of city to Roseburn in west via city centre and Haymarket. Plans include reducing four lanes of traffic from Roseburn to Haymarket to two, and using half a carriageway and a bus lane for cyclists. Supporters of
Royal College of Midwives says there is a shortage of midwives and a fall in students. Wales saw a trimming of training numbers in 2011/12 compared to the previous year. The Welsh government said the number of midwifery training places commissioned rose again this year.
Baroness Manningham-Buller was head of MI5 between 2002 and 2007. She told officials the threat posed by Iraq to the UK was "very limited" She said she was not "surprised" that UK nationals were involved in 7/7 bombings.
2014 winner Pineau De Re among those to miss cut for Aintree race. Lower-rated horses are balloted out, with The Romford Pele occupying the number 40 slot. Many Clouds is 7-1 favourite ahead of 10-1 chance The Last Samuri and 12-1
Teaching unions are refusing to co-operate with school inspections in a dispute over pay and workload. Some are also taking occasional strike action. National Association of Schoolmasters and Women Teachers (NASUWT) reacted angrily to Mr Boyd's letter, accusing him of "fake news"
Thousands of animals, many of them endangered, are counted as part of the zoo's licence. The count is so that the zoo can help worldwide breeding programmes. Newsround's Martin headed to the zoo to find out how it's done.
A total of 387 people were arrested between February 2016 and February 2017 - up from 255 the previous year. More than half of cabin crew who responded to a survey said they had witnessed disruptive drunken passenger behaviour at UK airports. Trade body Airlines UK said it should be made illegal for people to drink their own
Another user in the dark web - a hidden part of the internet where guns, drugs and child abuse images are traded - alerted police. The boy's body was subsequently found in the cellar of a house in Herne, North Rhine-Westphalia. Police say the 19-year
Green MP Caroline Lucas says voters should have the option to remain in the EU. She wants to maximise the number of MPs who will support electoral reform. Lib Dems have agreed not to contest her Brighton Pavilion seat in June 8 election. Bristol West and the Isle of Wight
Lincolnshire Partnership NHS Foundation Trust was criticised in March 2015. Safety of patients at high risk of suicide had been deemed inadequate. A re-inspection in April this year found it had made "positive progress" in some areas. The trust currently has about 27,000 patients across the
US ambassador to Bangladesh condemns the killing of Xulhaz Mannan and Tanoy Mojumdar. Militants have killed several secular or atheist writers and members of religious minority groups. So-called Islamic State (IS) claimed responsibility - but the Bangladeshi government insists there is
Rule the World is the first novice to win the race since 1958. The nine-year-old has twice recovered from a cracked pelvis. He was ridden by David Mullins and trained by Mouse Morris.
300 doses of vaccine expected to arrive in Monrovia on Friday. GlaxoSmithKline hopes first volunteer will be immunised in the next few weeks. Scientists aim to involve 30,000 volunteers in the trial in total, including frontline health workers. But experts say with cases
Adam Mitchell is believed to have been in a pub in Inverness on Wednesday night. CCTV images show him near the Harry Fairbairn BMW garage on Longman Road. Family and friends said his failure to return to his home in Culduthel area was out of character
Geoffrey Hughes was known to millions as Eddie Yeats in the 1970s and 1980s. He was also known for his roles as Twiggy in The Royle Family and Onslow in Keeping Up Appearances. The actor, who lived on the Isle of Wight, had
Lung cancer is the most common cancer in Scotland and the biggest killer of all the cancers. About 4,200 people die of the disease every year in Scotland, and about 86% of all cases are linked to tobacco. Cancer Research UK said the number of females diagnosed with the disease
Jamie Taggart failed to return from a plant-hunting trip to the northern mountainous area. He has not been seen since 2 November, when his rucksack and passport were found at a guest house in Sapa. Search due to begin on Tuesday will concentrate on four trails inside the forest
Petrol prices rose by 4.4p to 116.7p per litre and diesel prices by 5.2p to 118.7 pence a litre. Motoring body said these were the biggest monthly increases for three and a half years. RAC said retailers had '
East Oxford residents complain about behaviour of Brookes students on nights out. One resident said he often heard students "screaming" and running over cars. In a letter, the head of community engagement said students could face disciplinary action.
All My Sons is being toured by black-led theatre company Talawa. Story centres on all-American couple Joe and Kate Keller, whose son is missing after WW2. Director Michael Buffong tells Tim Masters what makes the play a 20th Century classic.
Norovirus causes vomiting, stomach cramps, fever and diarrhoea. Four wards were closed to visitors at Arrowe Park Hospital, Wirral, on Monday. Visiting ban was extended on Thursday and will not affect other nearby hospitals. Director of nursing and midwif
Rahad Hussain, 23, charged with wounding with intent to do grievous bodily harm. He was remanded in custody when he appeared at Thames Magistrates' Court. Mr Hussain, of no fixed address, gave no indication of a plea.
Tribunal de Commerce decided SeaFrance's future after a bailout by the French government was ruled illegal by the European Commission. Hundreds of jobs in France are also expected to be lost. Eurotunnel has not ruled out a future bid for the cross-channel ferry firm, which employs nearly 1,
Muslim Brotherhood's political wing called for broader political representation. Protest comes after king dissolved parliament and called for early elections. He has said he wants polls to be held by the end of the year. A counter-rally in support of King Abdullah was cancelled late on Thursday.
Yusuf Rahim, 47, was given a whole-life prison sentence in June 2011 for murder. His solicitor Julia Cooper has asked Surrey Police to explain a statement that he had confessed. She believes a 'covert tape' may have been used to record his response to a police interview
Almost 9% of Israelis use cannabis, according to the UN Office on Drugs and Crime. Israel is one of the world leaders in research into medical use of marijuana. The move follows recommendations by a committee set up to study the issue.
Derek McInnes has guided Aberdeen to successive second-place finishes in the Scottish Premiership. The Dons are 12 points clear of Rangers ahead of Sunday's clash at Pittodrie. Former Rangers player Thompson says he has been baffled by Pedro Caixinha's tactics.
Belgian striker talks to Everton about new contract. Lukaku turned down the most lucrative contract offer in Everton's history in March. Chelsea remain favourites to sign the 24-year-old. Manchester United and Bayern Munich have also been linked with a move.
President Karimov has led the country since independence in 1991. He has built a relatively stable secular regime in a region threatened by Islamist radicalism. But many believe this has been done at the expense of human rights.
The Complete BBC Sessions is a remastered update of a 1997 collection of tracks recorded for the BBC between 1969 and 1971. Includes eight previously unreleased recordings, including the first broadcast of Stairway To Heaven, from the BBC Paris Cinema in London on 1 April 1971.
At the start of the 13th Century, Welsh was the language of the common people. By the end of the century, daily business was increasingly done in English. English settlers were encouraged to move to Wales by land grants and the imposition of English law. Llywelyn ap Gru
Incident happened at Maghaberry Prison, near Lisburn, on Monday. Woman was taken to hospital with a three inch deep cut below her left ear. Prison Officers Association said she was attacked with a weapon "made from a razor"
Royal Mail predicts a 50% rise in returns on Take-back Tuesday. Clothing and footwear are the most likely items to be returned. Royal Mail figures are based on the number of parcels handled by its Tracked Returns service.
Mr Hamilton said the real challenge was the absence of political agreement on the future of health and social care. He acknowledged the worries that reform will lead to the closure of facilities. But he added that Northern Ireland has to do things differently.
Melissa Morton, 12, was among 34 pupils aboard the coach that crashed into a bridge. Her father Keith Morton said she had been "very disturbed by it all" Brentwood School said some staff still needed hospital treatment, but all pupils were due back in school next week.
Dundee move off the bottom of the Scottish Premiership table with 2-0 win over Motherwell. Second win in a row for Paul Hartley's side who are now level on points with Hamilton. Striker Craig Wighton created both of Dundee's goals. Dund
Dundee United's out of contract player Daly considering move to Scottish Premiership club Rangers. The 32-year-old has been training with Dundee United since pre-season. Daly spent two seasons at Ibrox after leaving Tannadice, where he was club captain.
Derby beat Ipswich Town 3-0 in their Championship clash. Craig Bryson, Thomas Ince and Darren Bent scored the goals for the Rams. Ipswich have just one win from their last seven games. Tom Lawrence was replaced at half-time with an injury.
Brent crude hit $50.22 per barrel at one stage on Thursday, its highest level since early November. Rise followed US data showing that oil inventories had fallen after supply disruptions due to fires in Canada. Goldman Sachs said earlier this month it now expected oil prices to consistently hit $
The man - identified as Pang - was held in the southern Guangxi region and brought back to Beijing. Pang made a 37.5km lap around Beijing in 13min and 43 sec, driving three times faster than the official limit. A video of his feat in August became an
Just 8% of councils built enough homes to replace half of their stock sold through scheme. Shelter said there was a danger of some areas having no affordable homes. Government said it was committed to building 275,000 new homes over the course of this parliament.
Russia's main media outlets are state-owned or controlled by loyal oligarchs. If made law, the measure will put a 20% ceiling on any foreign stakes in Russian media. Media bill is to go before Duma (lower house) deputies on 23 September.
West Midlands Fire and Rescue Authority says it needs new fire stations for a'modern-day' service. Plans to demolish Aston's Ettington Road fire station, built in 1923, will go before planners. A new station at Aston could cost Â£7.5m
Police said it happened at Boucher Crescent in south Belfast at about 17:25 GMT. A woman got out of the vehicle and an unknown man jumped in and took the car. Members of the public managed to stop the car but the man fled on foot. The two children were un
Eastleigh striker Tubbs has joined the Spitfires on a deal until the end of the season. The 31-year-old has not featured for Pompey since October. Tubbs has scored five goals for League Two side Portsmouth this season.
Juncker tells European Parliament it is "not a time to take fright" 120,000 additional asylum seekers will be distributed among EU nations, with binding quotas. Comes after a surge of thousands of mainly Syrian migrants pushed north through Europe. Germany, the main destination for many migrants,
Administrators' reports suggest around £7m of £10.25m lent to Northampton Town by the local borough Council was passed to 1st Land Limited. A total of £2.65m was then given to David Cardoza and his father, Anthony. It is unclear
Ramzan Kadyrov, leader of Chechnya, labelled opponents of President Vladimir Putin "enemies of the people" He called for such "traitors" to be prosecuted for subversion, claiming they were working in league with the West. Kadyrov offered opposition activists the services of
Guy Philippe, 48, was arrested in Port-au-Prince last week. He was due to be sworn in as a senator, which would have given him immunity from prosecution. Dozens of his supporters attended the hearing in Miami, demanding his release. Mr Philippe, Haiti's former
Frimley Health NHS Foundation Trust has 285 full-time vacancies across three sites. Each successful applicant will receive a maximum of £1,340 in subsidies. Nurses will be offered accommodation at Wexham Park Hospital in Slough, Frimley Park near Camberley and Heatherwood
Those arrested include two builders, police officers and municipality officials. The apartment building came crashing down on Thursday. Most of the victims of the Thane collapse were poor daily wage earners.
Karim Benzema's lawyer says he played "no part" in alleged blackmail attempt. Real Madrid striker appeared before a Versailles court after being held in custody overnight. He is under formal investigation for complicity in attempted blackmail and participation in criminal conspiracy. France coach Didier Desch
Chow leaves Wigan Athletic after four years, having made 19 senior appearances. Dingwall boss Jim McIntyre describes him as 'a box-to-box midfielder with great athleticism' The Dingwall side visit Hamilton Academical on Saturday.
Fox has spent the last five years as chief commercial officer at Arsenal. Paul Faulkner left Villa Park in July. Owner Randy Lerner put the club up for sale in May but is yet to find a buyer.
Lancashire beat Hampshire by an innings and 148 runs on day four. Dane Vilas top-scores for Lancashire with 244, with Alex Davies and Ryan McLaren adding centuries. England seamer James Anderson takes 4-20 as Hampshire are all out for 168.
Eighty outdoor swims are being held over the 2015 season. Most take place on Christmas or Boxing Day. Safety advice has been issued by the society for the first time.
The IOC has stripped the three gold medals won in Beijing in 2008. Cao Lei, Xiexia and Chunhong were among eight athletes sanctioned for doping. They are the latest to be caught under a retesting programme. The International Weightlifting Federation (IWF) last year ruled
East Kilbride has the highest rate of all Scottish towns, at 33%, while Inverurie has the lowest, at 1%. Research by The Local Data Company (LDC) and the University of Stirling found the average retail vacancy rate dropped from 14.5% to 13.
European Commission president Jean-Claude Juncker says UK may want to be more "obliging" to certain countries to secure future commercial advantages. Leading candidate to be France's next President says he will take a "pretty tough" line on the UK's exit from the EU.
European Commission spokesman said while progress was made at Sunday's talks "significant gaps" remained. Athens' benchmark ATG index, which fell 5.9% on Friday, was down 5% in trading on Monday. Greece must repay more than €1.5bn of loans
Pilots' strike called over a pay dispute will affect around 100,000 passengers. The pilots' union Vereinigung Cockpit has organised 14 strikes since April 2014. Lufthansa lost an appeal to a Frankfurt labour court, but is making a further legal challenge.
Sewage from a slurry tank leaked into Whitelake River in Somerset in June 2014. 42 fish, including protected brown trout, died as a result of the eight-hour leak. Glastonbury Festival 2014 admitted the single charge against it at Yeovil Magistrates' Court
Green Budget says UK's finances still have 'a long way to go' Departmental spending cuts of £51.4bn, or 14.1%, needed in next parliament. UK planning largest fiscal consolidation out of 32 advanced economies. Report is optimistic about UK growth, estimating zero inflation
Liege say they will play younger players for the rest of the season. Valdes has made eight appearances for Liege since joining in January. The 34-year-old's current contract at Old Trafford expires this summer.
Gloucester and Wales back row was part of an advanced guard of 14 players who met in the Vale of Glamorgan to start preparing for next month's tour of New Zealand. The rest of the 41-man squad are still involved in English Premiership, Pro12 or French play-offs.
Shadow education secretary to call for cross-party consensus on education policy. Wants to build a political consensus on moving away from the current GCSE system. He wants a broader baccalaureate incorporating both vocational and academic exams. Move is an attempt to "begin a conversation"
Caterpillar's Northern Ireland business employs 1,800 people and mainly makes diesel generators. Firm has been hit by a global downturn in mining and oil exploration which has reduced demand. It has already axed thousands of jobs worldwide since last year as part of major restructuring.
IoD report says UK lags behind many European nations when it comes to fibre optic cables. Calls for faster broadband access for homes and business. Government says 95% of UK homes will have access to superfast broadband by 2017. But IoD wants speeds of 10 gigab
Sculpture called A Thousand Tides has been at Butley Creek, Suffolk, for more than a year. It was designed to only be seen at low tide and was intended to sink eventually. Artist Laurence Edwards said it had "stayed on the surface longer than it should"
Adrian Simut, 35, thought he was meeting a 14-year-old girl called Sam. But he was confronted by so-called "paedophile hunters" and arrested. He admitted attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity. Also pleaded guilty to meeting a child after
Harry White fires Solihull in front after nine minutes. Bromley frustrated as Brandon Hanlan and Mark Goldberg squandered decent chances. Daniel Udoh sent off just eight minutes after coming off the bench.
World leaders have vowed to double the number of refugees from last year. US has agreed to take in 110,000 new refugees in the 2017 fiscal year - which begins on 1 October. Nine million people have been displaced by the six-year conflict in Syria. UN Secretary General Ban Ki
Ex-Cabinet Minister lost his Yeovil seat in May's general election. He will serve as executive chairman of Centre Forum, a liberal policy think-tank. Mr Laws, 49, will take up the role two days a week but hopes to have a full-time plan by
Nine graves have been found at the Corn Exchange in Brighton. They are thought to be from a Quaker burial ground that existed before the Royal Pavilion Estate was built. The remains are in the process of being exhumed from underneath the area previously used as the venue's mini conference room.
Fe gafodd criwiau eu galw i stad ddiwydiannol ar Rodfa Llanelwy, Bae Cinmel, am tua 17:45 ddydd Mawrth. "Mae disgwyl i'r gwas
Only 13 people have applied for the government's Future Flood Prevention Funding scheme. City of York Council says 360 private homes are eligible for the grant. Hundreds of homes and businesses were flooded in the city after the Rivers Foss and Ouse burst their banks.
Sarah Johnson was one of 21 women heading to a hen party when their minibus was hit by a lorry. Her friend Bethany Jones, 18, was killed while Ms Johnson and several others were badly hurt. Ms Johnson was taken to Leeds General Infirmary where she underwent major surgery
Most of the activists were members of the Ladies in White dissident group. They walked through the streets of Havana holding up pictures of political prisoners. Cuba says the protesters are financed by right-wing American groups to destabilise the government. Dissidents are planning to protest during the Pope
46,000 vehicles registered north of the border in March, up 2.7% year-on-year. UK sales increased by 5.3% to almost 519,000 - the strongest month since 1999. March is typically the biggest month, accounting for about a fifth of the
Six incidents have been reported to police between 3 and 13 February. In all the cases, two or three men have targeted foreign national tourists. The men claimed to be police officers before demanding to search the victims.
EU trade ministers meet in Slovakia to discuss CETA and a similar deal with the US, TTIP, which has also faced criticism. A draft CETA deal has been agreed, but parliaments could still delay it. Activists fear that the deals could water down European standards in the key areas
Ships will be paraded through the dining hall of HMS Nelson in Portsmouth. They will mark the 209th anniversary of the battle during the Napoleonic Wars.
Patrick Ewing, 66, collapsed at his home in Oakham, Rutland. Paramedics used a defibrillator to shock Mr Ewing to restore his normal heart rhythm. East Midlands Ambulance Service said only about 8% of patients survive outside hospital.
Holly Nixon stroked the GB boat to a fast start and they were ahead after 500m. Romanians came out on top, with the British eight comfortably holding off the challenge from the Netherlands. Nixon and her GB team mates Bethany Bryan, Alice Baatz and Mathilda Hodg
Newsnight investigation uncovers allegations of sexual abuse at Kids Company. Former worker says staff were told of complaints about a client who sexually exploited girls. She says concerns were not passed on and authorities were not alerted. Charity says it would have told police of any allegation it knew about
Eight-year-old Garfield has his own Facebook page created by fans. Owner David Willers posted a message asking shoppers to lay off the treats as a vet found Garfield, who weighs 6.6kg (one stone), was overweight. Garfield's Facebook page was set up last summer
Evans gave the Bantams the lead early on as he curled home from 20 yards. The Shripmers fought back and Ryan Leonard forced Bradford goalkeeper Ben Williams into a fine save with a fierce effort from long-range.
Solly Msimanga, from the opposition Democratic Alliance (DA), said the vehicles would instead be given to a police anti-hijack unit. He took over from the governing ANC, which lost control of the capital for the first time since 1994. The ANC bought 10 new BMW
The turkey firm was sold to the food tycoon Ranjit Boparan on Tuesday. There had been fears that the new owners would not take on the existing workers' pension scheme. But Unite said it was given guarantees that all current agreements will be honoured.
The man, named by state media as Ji Zhongxing, 34, from central Shandong province, was injured. No-one else was hurt in the blast, which filled Terminal 3 arrivals hall with smoke. An online microblog attributed to the man says the explosion was to
Tanker hit central reservation halfway between Coryton and Cardiff West. Westbound carriageway closed from junction 30, Cardiff Gate, and one lane eastbound. One person has been taken to the Royal Glamorgan Hospital in Llantrisant. Other people involved in the crash
Jean-Marc Bosman won the Bosman case 20 years ago on Tuesday. Bosman won a landmark case in the European Court of Justice over transfer fees. The ruling meant players could leave clubs without paying a transfer fee. But the case almost ruined Bosman's career after he
Facility will be based on the town's Crichton estate and is due to open in next 12 months. It will be used primarily to research ways to improve responses to weather-related emergencies. Report to council's policy and resources committee will give update on progress to date.
Legoland has spent Â£10,000 in the last year developing alternative entrance and exit routes. One visitor said his family queued for more than two hours as they tried to leave the park. Windsor and Maidenhead Borough Council said road signs had been altered recently.
Acorn Park Care Home in East Kilbride, South Lanarkshire, was warned it must make a'significant improvement' The privately-run home was served with a formal improvement notice by the Care Inspectorate. Seven areas of concern were listed after an inspection, with nutrition and hydration
YouTube star Connor Franta, 22, tells his 3.6 million subscribers he is gay. He says he'd struggled with his sexuality since he was 12 and ignored his feelings. "2014 is truly the year that I have accepted who I am and become happy with that person," he says
Paris Mulholland's home was broken into a week after her 11th birthday. Thieves broke into the house in Intake, Doncaster on Thursday. Her new iPhone, laptop and birthday money were taken along with jewellery and other items. She wrote a letter to the thieves
A 16-year-old boy was arrested at his home in Lewisham on suspicion of affray. He was treated in hospital for a minor wound before being taken into custody. A second boy, 16, was also arrested at the scene and remains in custody.
Didier Drogba has joined Phoenix's MLS expansion franchise ownership group. The 39-year-old has not played since leaving Montreal Impact in November. Ivory Coast striker will start out as a player but will also become part of ownership. Phoenix have just started their fourth season in
Spaniard joins Chelsea from Barcelona for an undisclosed fee. Fabregas says he has "unfinished business" in the Premier League. The 27-year-old spent three years at the Nou Camp and will wear the number four shirt. He will replace Frank Lampard, who
Tom Stilwell fell from his neighbour's balcony in his apartment block in Auckland. Friends said that he had bone fractures and internal injuries, but was "fine" and "a very lucky man" The 20-year-old is said to be in New Zealand on a working holiday.
Sheffield-born Ennis-Hill hinted at retirement after losing Rio gold to Belgian Nafissatou Thiam. The 30-year-old won Olympic gold at London 2012 and the World Championships in 2009. Coach Minichiello says she should take two or three months to
Prince Oniangue had broken the deadlock for Wolves in the second half. Miller turned in Lloyd Dyer's cross in the fourth minute of added time. Lucas Akins had a first-half penalty saved by Wolves keeper Carl Ikeme.
Burglary happened in Turf Hill area of Manchester at about 05:30 BST on Wednesday. Three balaclava-wearing men stole cash, jewellery and a mobile phone before fleeing. Police are now appealing for anyone with information to contact them.
Kelso, Galashiels, Peebles, Hawick, Selkirk and Eyemouth saw increases. But numbers fell in Duns and Jedburgh due to 'atrocious weather' Councillor Stuart Bell said it was 'pleasing' to see numbers rising.
Bhutan's name means "Land of the Thunder Dragon" The Wangchuck hereditary monarchy has wielded power since 1907. But Bhutan became a two-party parliamentary democracy after elections in March 2008. Radio broadcasting began in 1973 and the internet arrived in 1999.
Shelley Kerr will take over as Scotland's new men's coach in June. Kerr currently coaches Stirling University's Lowland League men's side. Former team-mate Grant believes Kerr can take Scotland to greater success. Stirling University director of sport Cathy Gallagher pays tribute to
Janet Yellen said the economic outlook was "highly uncertain" She said it was wrong to speculate on Mr Trump's economic strategy. The president-elect has promised policies to boost growth.
Flint Community Hospital could be closed under plans by Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board. Neo-natal intensive care may also be transferred to England as part of proposed shake-up. Health board predicts a financial shortfall of Â£64.6m this year.
Eric Choupo-Moting is Stoke's fourth signing of the summer. Stoke chief executive Tony Scholes says they tried to sign him four years ago. The 28-year-old has won 48 caps for Cameroon and played at the 2010 World Cup.
Crawley's Connolly settled a tight first meeting between the clubs with his first goal since returning for a second spell with the Red Devils. Blackpool winger Danny Philliskirk threatened when his header was saved by goalkeeper Glenn Morris. Connolly struck with 21 minutes left when a Clifford corner
Wales Bill extends transfer of powers over tax, energy, transport and assembly's affairs. First Minister Carwyn Jones recommended AMs vote for the bill, saying it could be improved. Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood suggested Wales had been "backed into a corner"
I like to think the social network is the people itself. Things like Facebook, Twitter, SMS and phones are just social tools. When they blocked Facebook and shut down technology, our network still operated because it's about people. The internet gave us our backbone but it is not because of Facebook
John Wallace won the Ayr East ward after the vote on Thursday. Turnout for the by-election was 34.4%, with 4,006 votes cast out of an electorate of 11,638.
Seven Italian scientists had been convicted of manslaughter after 2009 earthquake in L'Aquila. They had been given six-year jail sentences after earthquake devastated medieval town, killing 309 people. On Monday an appeals court cleared the group of the manslaughter charges. Judge Fabrizia Ida Francab
US experts found B3, also known as nicotinamide, boosts ability of immune cells to kill Staphylococcal bacteria. B3 increases the numbers and efficacy of neutrophils, white blood cells that can kill and eat harmful bugs. Study could lead to a'major change in
Review into 22 abuse cases in Northern Ireland criticised authorities for not doing enough. The young people went missing a number of times over a 20-month period. Police Service of Northern Ireland said it has made policy changes aimed at keeping children safe.
Train to Busan is South Korea's first home-grown zombie horror film. It has already achieved local box office success, taking a record $5.76m on its opening day in July. The film premiered at this year's Cannes Film Festival and is set to open across Asia this
Olomide, 60, will spend the night in detention and investigations will continue on Wednesday. A judge is considering whether to charge the star over the incident, which was filmed and went viral. The Kenyan authorities deported the 60-year-old rumba singer and three of his dancers
Wayne Maycock, Paul Bromwich and Admi Headley were last seen at HMP Leyhill. Police have appealed for anyone who sees them, or knows of their whereabouts, to make contact. Leyhill in South Gloucestershire is the only minimum-security prison in
Brendan Rodgers has signed a 12-month rolling contract with Celtic. Rodgers replaces Ronny Deila who left the club at the end of the season. The 43-year-old left Liverpool in October after more than three years in charge. Celtic chief executive Peter Lawwell
Kanye West says he wants to work with Ikea to create furniture for interior design. He has previously collaborated with British fashion designer Katie Eary who has designed for the company. The star's interview with Annie Mac also covered his headline set at the 2015 Glastonbury festival.
Edinburgh Airport said there was 'congestion' as passengers had to be checked in manually. Flights were also delayed as passengers did not know which gates to go to. BAA said the problem had been caused by a hardware fault.
Incident happened in Holywood, County Down, on Saturday. Police said the 14-year-old reported feeling unwell and required hospital treatment. He was later discharged from hospital and is recovering at home.
President Thein Sein announced a 27-member commission to investigate violence in Rakhine state. The UN welcomed the move, saying it could make "important contributions" to restoring peace. About 80,000 people have been displaced in and around the Sittwe and Maungdaw
Study of 712 Italian-American mafia members in the 1960s showed their income had risen by 7.5-8.5% per extra year of education. Those involved in complex crimes such as charging exorbitant rates for loans or extortion saw three times the boost of those who committed violent crimes
Wigan sign Tomkins from New Zealand Warriors for reported world record fee of £700,000. The 26-year-old will return for the 2016 Super League season. Wigan chairman Ian Lenagan: "He's back at Wigan which is where he is meant to be"
Airbus has said in the past that a "Brexit" might change its plans. Last month, Airbus UK's chief executive said the company would reconsider future investment in the UK. Airbus employs 6,000 people at its site at Broughton, north Wales, where it assembles
Kepler-452b is 1,400 light years away from Earth. Nasa scientists believe it is the most Earth-like planet yet. If it is rocky, it would likely still have active volcanism and its gravity could be roughly twice that on our own planet.
Thomas Sargent was on his Yamaha Fazer motorbike when he was involved in a collision. He was airlifted to the Royal Preston Hospital, where he later died. His family described him as a "quiet, enthusiastic, caring and loving man" Police are urging witnesses of the
The 37-year-old made 64 appearances for Poland, including three at the 2006 World Cup. Boruc has been mainly used as a back-up keeper to Lukasz Fabianski and Wojciech Szczesny in recent years.
Italian architect Stefano Boeri came up with the idea of creating buildings full of plants. The buildings will be home to more than 1,000 trees and 2,500 shrubs and bushes. They will absorb the pollution in the air and help to filter it and make it cleaner.
Daley needed to score 102 points from his closing dive to reach the final. He managed only 50.40 to finish in last place with 403.25 - well short of his personal best of 571.85. Chen Aisen of China claimed his second gold of the Games by
Championship side Burnley hit back as Sam Vokes headed in from close range. Chile international Sanchez - making his first start since November - finished coolly to win it. Theo Walcott missed a glorious chance to add a third on the break as he failed to round Tom
Nama was established in 2009 to take control of bad property loans damaging Irish banks. It sold its entire Northern Ireland portfolio to US investment fund, Cerberus, in 2014. Controversy has centred on the role of former Nama advisor Frank Cushnahan. C&AG
Hackers took control of Medway Council Twitter account at about 19:45 BST. Authority apologised for any offence caused and said security was taken seriously. Hackers also announced an end to Rochester's Dickens Festival.
Amara arrived in Norwich from West Africa a fortnight ago and was turned down by two landlords. Landlords refused to let him stay because he comes from Ebola hotspot, Sierra Leone. One letter said: "Given that the world is about to probably experience an Ebola epidemic, we have decided
The programme will be 45-minutes long from Monday through to Thursday. The move follows a five-month trial in the run-up to the General Election. ITV's News at Ten presenter Tom Bradby has questioned the BBC scheduling.
Rob Baxter says rugby union is heading towards a hire-and-fire approach. Exeter Chiefs boss says'sacking culture' is creeping into rugby union. Leicester Tigers director of rugby Richard Cockerill was sacked on Monday. RCA founder Richard Moon says coaches are more vulnerable than
Leicester have won both games under Craig Shakespeare since the sacking of Claudio Ranieri. The Foxes beat Hull 3-1 on Saturday and are five points clear of the relegation zone. Shakespeare has never managed full-time but was Nigel Pearson's assistant at the club.
Jo Deering died in 2011, aged 52, just months after being sectioned under Mental Health Act. Ms Deering had paranoid schizophrenia and was discharged from hospital. She was sent home where she was the main carer for her 89-year-old mother. Four months later she took
Sony will resume domestic vinyl production at a factory south-west of Tokyo. The move comes amid renewed demand for old-fashioned black plastic records. At one time, the format had been expected to disappear after the rise of CDs. But this year, global vinyl revenue is expected to hit $
Polar bear cubs were last born in the UK almost 25 years ago. Victoria was brought to Scotland from Aalborg Zoo in Denmark last year. She is kept in an enclosure about a mile away from the park's two male bears.
Vitamin D keeps bones strong and protects against conditions like osteoporosis. Fears about skin cancer have made people too cautious about being in the sun. Experts now say it is fine to go outside in strong sun in the middle of the day.
Home Secretary Theresa May announces new counter-extremism strategy. Radical preachers will be banned from posting material online and working with children. Deradicalisation classes will be made mandatory for others deemed a threat. But Muslim leaders warn the strategy risks alienating Muslims in the UK
Duchenne muscular dystrophy affects around 120 families in Wales. Charity Action Duchenne said a new facility could improve quality of life and lifespan. Wales was the only country in the UK to screen newborn children for the condition. But screening was withdrawn at the end
Linton Bridge, over the River Wharfe, was damaged in the Christmas floods. Parts of the bridge dropped about 8in (20cm) after the floodwater undermined its foundations. Emergency work has been undertaken but the cracked bridge remains at risk of collapse.
The three judges scored the 12-round bout 115-112 to Burns, 115-113 to Beltran and 114-114. The crowd feared that Burns might need a knockout in the final two rounds to retain his belt but the technical and tactical nous of Beltran made this seem a forlorn
At least five people have been killed and foreign-owned shops looted in attacks since last week. Locals accuse foreigners of taking their jobs in a country where the official unemployment rate is 24%. Tens of thousands of foreigners have moved to South Africa since white-minority rule ended in 1994.
Man fell from a building in the Radford area of Nottingham on Friday evening. Witness said he survived the first fall before running to another flat and falling again. Police are not treating the death of the man, in his mid-30s, as suspicious.
Eurosceptic Tories fear the rules are being amended to allow the government to campaign openly to stay in the EU. But ministers say it is needed to allow them to continue their work. The Public Administration Committee said it would seek written evidence and publish an interim report later this month.
Retired accountant Michael Gunn will receive his pension payment on Tuesday. He wants to spend some of it on a new roof for the church hall in Newton Poppleford. But he also wants to use the money for a transatlantic cruise with his wife. The changes take effect on Bank
The "crannog's" timbers survived and carbon dating said they were built on Jordan Way, Monmouth, 2,917 years BC. It is the second crannog discovered in Wales - the first is thousands of years younger.
Gwent Police called to incident near Raglan Services at about 11:30 BST. Ambulance service said a patient had been taken to Bristol Royal Infirmary. Road was closed in both directions between Monmouth and Raglan for about four hours.
Nearly 2,400 of the staff were employed by NHS bodies in the UK in non-clinical roles - of these 472 earned more than £150,000. The Taxpayers' Alliance said some of the figures were concerning.
Battle of the Somme took place on 1 July 1916. More than a million soldiers on both sides died or were injured. People can't agree on whether it was the right decision or a huge mistake.
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker defends draft deal in Parliament. PM has hailed plan to allow UK to limit the amount of tax credits paid to new EU migrants. But Eurosceptics say it is ineffectual and could make the situation worse. UKIPU leader Nigel
Chay Roberts-Jones, 29, was working at Blundells School at Tiverton, Devon, in May 2014. He offered to give his victim a sports massage but lifted her top and tried to pull down her trousers. Roberts-Jones was cleared of sexually assaulting two other girls
The victim is in a stable condition in the Royal Sussex County Hospital. A 15-year-old boy from Hove was held on suspicion of attempted murder and causing GBH with intent. Another boy, 16, was also arrested and remains in police custody.
Frontrunners Donald Trump and Ben Carson, with no political experience, were under attack from the start. Ohio Governor John Kasich condemned their "fantasy tax plans" Political friendships were strained by some of the testy exchanges.
Tanveer Iqbal, 33, had not been seen since closing his Hi-Tech Music shop on Sunday. His body was found in his Renault Clio in Portland Road, Edgbaston, on Monday. Police said his death is currently being treated as suspicious and a post-mortem
Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg said rebels' offensive put peace agreement at risk. He urged Russia to use influence on separatists to make them respect ceasefire. Russia said Ukrainian forces tried to fight their way out of Debaltseve after being encircled. But President Poroshenko
Revolution Radio outsold Barry Gibb's In The Now by a ratio of two to one. First single Bang Bang tells story of mass shootings through the eyes of a perpetrator. James Arthur's Say You Won't Let Go holds on to the number one spot for third week in a row.
Bury appoint Lee Clark as their new manager after David Flitcroft is sacked. The 44-year-old replaces Gary Locke, who was in charge at Rugby Park since February 2016. Assistant Lee McCulloch will take charge of Kilmarnock until the end of the season.
Number of military dismissals rises to more than 3,000 following failed coup. President Recep Tayyip Erdogan accuses US-based cleric Fetullah Gulen of being behind the coup attempt. At least 246 people died as rebel soldiers tried to seize power on 15 July.
Local Government Association said authorities were reviewing fire risk assessments. Staff are also working closely with tenants to review and offer fire safety advice. Extra fire safety checks were immediately organised across local authorities. Leeds, which has 116 blocks, is carrying out a review of fire safety in all blocks.
Barry-born Mike Young has spent most of his working life in animation in California. His latest production is an animated feature film Norm Of The North about a polar bear. Young's next film project is about a former Cardiff City football club legend.
The bus overturned on the road between Mecca and Medina. There were 44 Egyptian pilgrims on board the bus when it crashed. The incident comes just days after 16 Palestinian pilgrims from the West Bank were killed.
67-year-old was fearful of returning to his Gateshead home after the attack in January. Online fundraising campaign attracted donations of more than Â£330,000. Mr Barnes told Look North's Peter Harris he was not yet ready to meet his attacker.
US Open champion Johnson fell on the stairs and hurt his lower back on Wednesday. The 32-year-old looked set to take part after warming up on the range before pulling out. Johnson was a popular pick to win the first major of the year as a result of his fine form.
Reuben Reid scores only goal of the game in the fifth minute. Cambridge goalkeeper Christy Pym saved Luke Berry's shot off the line. Liam McAlinden missed a golden chance for Exeter.
Rolls-Royce may spend research budgets overseas if government support for innovation is cut. Unions fears that grants could be turned into loans as a result of spending cuts. Rolls Royce employs about 13,000 people in Derby.
The two-Test series was due to begin in Chittagong on Friday, 9 October. Police are investigating the murder of an Italian aid worker who was shot on Monday. Cricket Australia had delayed the team's scheduled departure on 28 September while it worked on a "revised
Cryptococcus neoformans can cause fatal infection in people with weakened immune systems. Birds are known to carry the fungus, with experts puzzled why the birds themselves do not appear to become ill. Research has found a blood cell called a macrophage can block its growth.
Lightning strikes Thomson Airways Boeing 737-800 less than an hour after take-off. The flight was travelling from Manchester to Agadir in Morocco. Liam Bolton, 27, from Chester in Cheshire, was travelling with his girlfriend. He said the plane "lit up like
Fossil shows evidence of a brain and nerve cords running through the creature's trunk. It belongs to an extinct group of marine arthropods known as megacheirans, Greek for "large claws" The fossil was recently discovered in South China and is part of the genus Alal
Victoria Gayle, 31, appeared at Wimbledon Magistrates' Court on Monday. She was charged with preventing the lawful and decent burial of a body. Ms Gayle was also charged with perverting the course of justice. A post-mortem examination took place at Great Ormond Street
A344 next to the monument was shut in June to'restore the dignity' of the stone circle. Residents of Shrewton and Orcheston say their lanes have become 'rat runs' Campaigners will collect signatures for a petition this weekend.
Karam Chand and his wife Kartari have been married for 86 years. The couple have eight children, 27 grandchildren and 23 great grandchildren. Mr Chand smokes one cigarette a day before dinner and drinks a tot of whiskey four times a week. Mrs Chand is looking forward to getting a letter
Birmingham are willing to let Caddis leave on a free transfer. The 28-year-old is out of contract at the end of the season. Caddis joined the club from Swindon in August 2012. He has played 159 games for the club, but has
England recover from 30-4 to reach 85-4 after Australia declared on 566-8 at Lord's. Johnson was named man of the series following Australia's Ashes win in 2013-14. England paceman Stuart Broad accepted his side succumbed to the pressure of the tourists' huge total
Norwegian Edvald Boasson Hagen wins 17th stage of Tour de France. Thomas Voeckler retains yellow jersey but concedes 27 seconds to his main rivals. Australian Cadel Evans is his nearest challenger - one minute 18 seconds behind. Manx sprinter Mark Cav
Police confirmed paint was thrown over doors and windows at Crumlin Orange Hall. SDLP South Antrim MLA Thomas Burns condemned those behind the attack which he said was "pointless" "They can only harm and destroy," he said.
Video footage shows the modified pick-up with outsized tyres driving over a row of cars as part of the show. A boy, a man and a woman died in the incident in Haaksbergen in Overijssel province. Five people are critically ill in hospital, including 18
Frank Field warns of an electoral 'walloping' over security and migration. Labour leader Jeremy Corner is against Britain's nuclear weapons system and is against refugees. He has called for an end to the UK's "open-door policy" on immigration and security. Michael Dugher
Seven of the county's 47 fire engines could be scrapped and Wrentham fire station may close. Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service may also lose 50-60 on-call firefighters as part of the savings plan. Public consultation on Suffolk County Council's plans will now take place.
FBI boss James Comey said plans to enable encryption by default could thwart law enforcement investigations. Lives could depend on police forces continuing to get access to data on devices used by criminals and terrorists, he said. FBI talking to Apple and Google about its fears, said Mr Comey.
Mr Schmidt is believed to have close relations with US President Barack Obama. He warned of the risk of terrorists using the new technology. The US and Israel have led the way in using drones as weapons of war.
US academics produce international comparisons in key subjects. Results based on tests taken in 2011 by 900,000 pupils in over 60 countries. England has slipped in science, but is top 10 for primary and secondary maths. Top places in this global education league table have been taken by Singapore, Hong Kong and
Jordan Spieth leads Masters by four shots after third round of Augusta. S Smylie Kaufman will play with his fellow American on Sunday. Former champion Bernhard Langer and Japan's Hideki Matsuyama a further shot behind. Defending champion Rory McIlroy five shots back after a
There is no legal requirement for Parliamentary approval for military action in Syria. Parliament has already rejected military intervention in Syria, in 2013. Ministers say circumstances have changed since then (notably with the rise of ISIS) Legal arguments will be shaped by the complexities and conflicting interpretations of international
Norah Boyle, 85, suffered a head injury as Sabrina Duncan and Benter Ouma put her to bed at The Green Nursing Home in Kings Norton. The workers delayed calling 999 and pretended Mrs Boyle knocked her head on the head board. She died 23 days later in hospital after developing pneumonia.
Of 72 NHS hospital trusts who responded to a FOI request, the average rate for babies born with neonatal abstinence syndrome was 0.2%. Leicester General had one of the lowest rates with one in every 5,000 babies born addicted to a harmful substance. In Leeds, around one in
One answer placed Stonehenge in Somerset instead of Wiltshire. Another said the number of Coronation Street episodes to date was 8,000 instead of 9,000. Manufacturers Paul Lamond Games said they "unreservedly apologise" for the errors.
Germany and the Netherlands play each other in a friendly match in Berlin on Saturday. Some 72,000 people are expected to attend the match at the Olympic Stadium. Officials are in high alert following Tuesday's attacks in Brussels. Last year, a friendly in Hannover was called off due to
An international team studied the eyes of almost 40 mammal species to identify UV sensitivity. Reindeer's avoidance of power lines across the Arctic tundra was the inspiration for the project. The team measured the spectrum of light emitted by these bursts of charge. Findings published in the journal
Imax has 239 theatres in China, Hong Kong and Taiwan. Box office revenue in China jumped 36% last year to $4.9bn (Â£3.2bn) The parent company is already listed in New York.
Alesha O'Connor, Rhodri Miller, Corey Price and Margaret Challis died in March 2015 crash. Rhodri was driving one of seven vehicles in a convoy going on a drive from Barry to Merthyr Tydfil. Passenger Rhys Hunter said Rhodri had
The Maserati GranCabrio was impounded on King's Road in Kingston. The owner faces a minimum £300 fine and six points on their licence if found guilty. Police thought the car was too expensive for a learner driver to be driving.
No player has ever hit more than four in a game. Bobby Lowe was the first, for Boston Beaneaters on 30 May, 1894. Josh Hamilton was the most recent to tie the record, for Texas against Baltimore.
Mark Gilmore was suspended in June 2014 by the county's police and crime commissioner. It was in connection with an investigation into the awarding of vehicle contracts in Northern Ireland. PCC Mark Burns-Williamson said prosecutors had concluded there was no criminal case for him to answer.
Andy Murray beats Taro Daniel in straight sets to level Davis Cup tie. Kei Nishikori beats Dan Evans 6-3 7-5 7-6 (7-3) 6-1 to level the best-of-five first-round tie in Birmingham. Dom Ingl
Secretary of State John Kerry is the first American Secretary of State to visit Mogadishu. The US backs the Somali government in its fight against Islamist militant group al-Shabab. BBC Somalia analyst Mary Harper says the US plays a crucial if controversial role in Somalia.
QPR defender Rio Ferdinand releases a statement about his wife's death. Rebecca Ellison, 34, who married Ferdinand in 2009, had breast cancer. She leaves behind three children, Lorenz, nine, Tate, six, and four-year-old Tia. Messages of support
Elizabeth Timar, 18, was last seen near Blackpool Sands at 19:45 BST on Monday. Devon and Cornwall Police carried out a major air and sea search with help from RNLI coastguards. Ms Timar had been "at the beach for the afternoon with a male",
Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but admits attacking Donald Lock, 79, last July. Mr Lock, a retired solicitor, was stabbed after crashing into the back of his car. Lewes Crown Court heard he had an undiagnosed paranoid schizophrenic illness. Forensic psychiatrist
Graham Westley has been in charge of Peterborough United since September. Assistant Grant McCann will take charge for the final two games of the season. Posh have lost four of their last five matches and are 14th in the Football League. Westley says he is under pressure after Saturday
New network will see up to 21 US-style local TV stations in areas including Belfast, Edinburgh, Cardiff and London. Service will be available to all terrestrial viewers and may also be offered on satellite, cable and online. Ofcom said it will decide on successful applicants this autumn.
Pilot radioed for assistance while returning to RAF Leeming in North Yorkshire. Hawk jet was promptly joined by another aircraft from the same squadron. They then flew in formation and landed safely.
New Healthway, a book on hygiene and health aimed at 11 and 12 year-olds, is printed by one of India's leading publishers. Academics have urged the government to exercise greater control over the content. The authorities say schools should monitor content as they are responsible for the choice
Shakrun Islam, 30, of Chipping Sodbury, is due before Bristol Crown Court on Friday. Victim, Kyle Clarke, died at the scene from his injuries. His mother, Helen Stockford, said in a family statement: "We would like to thank the public and
Jack Evans, 19, is studying engineering at university. Jac Smith, 21, passed his steam engine driving test on his 21st birthday. The Vale of Rheidol line no longer carries lead ore from the mines. But it does carry tourists from Aberystwyth to Devil's Bridge
World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) made latest claims two days before Russia finds out whether it can send athletes to the 2016 Rio Olympics. Athletics chiefs meet on Friday to decide whether to lift the ban. Wada report found evidence of state involvement, as well as evidence
23 March 2017 Last updated on 14:55 GMT.
Joao Santana was widely seen as the architect of President Rousseff's 2010 and 2014 election victories. He has denied receiving bribes in a scheme to divert funds from the state-run oil company Petrobras. About 50 politicians, including the leader of the lower house of Congress, are under
Operation Infra Terra is an effort to track down individuals involved in environmental crime. The public can help by providing information on the whereabouts of nine wanted individuals. This is the first time that individuals have been targeted by Interpol. Countries are increasingly treating wildlife crime as a serious offence.
The preliminary Caixin manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) fell to 47 in September. Shanghai Composite dropped 2.2% to 3,115.89 on the disappointing data. In Hong Kong, the Hang Seng index closed down 2.3% at 21,
Jono Gibbes will work under director of rugby Les Kiss. Gibbes is currently forwards coach at Clermont Auvergne. The 40-year-old previously held a similar position at Leinster.
Dugdale accused the Scottish government of making cuts to schools and social care. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn pledged that a future Labour government would repeal the Trade Union Bill. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will be making a speech to delegates on Sunday.
Two picked up by coastguard helicopter high up on 3,196ft (974 metre) Munro. Lomond Mountain Rescue Team located two others on the lower slopes. Mountain weather forecasters predicting winds of up to 80mph with frequent snow showers.
The $43bn (£33bn) deal is set to be the biggest ever foreign takeover by a Chinese company. The deal was cleared by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) About a quarter of Syngenta's sales are in North America.
Rakhmat Akilov, 39, reportedly ran from the scene still covered in blood and glass. He has yet to be identified by police, who have only said he is an Uzbek national. A former colleague said he was spending his days "sleeping and smoking" He had
Brighton and Hove Albion beat Wolverhampton Wanderers 1-0. Goals from Sam Baldock and Glenn Murray gave Seagulls victory. Walter Zenga's Wolves have won just two of their past nine away league games.
Pidgeley has made 260 appearances in spells with nine clubs, including Chelsea, Watford and Millwall. The 32-year-old had been playing in the Isthmian Premier Division with Leatherhead following his release by Newport at the end of last season.
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall failed to unseat Labour in Stoke Central by-election. Mr Nuttall lost to Gareth Snell by 2,620 votes, securing only a slight increase in UKIP's vote share. UKIP chairman Paul Oakden said it might be years before his party can pick
Celtic were the only club to pay substantial sums in transfer fees this summer. Adam Rooney has scored two in two games on his return to Scotland's top flight. Calvin Zola failed to become a regular starter following his arrival from Burton Albion. Stefan Johansen should prove
Venezuela introduced price controls for 40 food and hygiene products in 2003. Poll: For the first time in years, shortages and inflation have replaced security as the biggest worry for Venezuelans. President Nicolas Maduro says shortages are caused by US-backed, far-right groups who smuggle and
Crash happened at the Rising Sun pub in North Bradley, near Trowbridge. Driver was taken to Bath's Royal United Hospital for treatment to his injuries. The road next to the pub was closed for several hours but has since reopened.
Fleetwood extend Davis' loan deal until the end of the season. The 22-year-old made 14 appearances for the Cod Army since joining on loan in October. Davis signed for Leicester from Port Vale in 2014, but did not feature for the first team.
Asha Philip was fifth in the women's 60m but Dina Asher-Smith suffered a minor hamstring injury in her semi-final and missed the final. Lynsey Sharp and Adelle Tracey both failed to reach the 800m final.
Celtic beat Aberdeen 2-1 in the Scottish Cup final at Hampden Park. Jonny Hayes opened the scoring for the Dons with a stunning half-volley after nine minutes. Stuart Armstrong equalised for Celtic just two minutes later. Callum McGregor and Tom Rog
The 23-year-old spent three months on loan at Bromley last season. He is the sixth new signing since Northern Ireland assistant Stephen Robinson was appointed as manager. The former Scotland Under-21 international failed to make an appearance for Crystal Palace.
Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is accused of masterminding the 9/11 attacks. He and four others are accused of providing support for the co-ordinated hijacking. They are charged with conspiring with al-Qaeda, terrorism and murder. All five have said they were tortured during interrog
Beyonce is up for album of the year, song of year and best new artist. She now has 62 Grammy nominations, making her the fourth most-nominated artist ever. Kanye West receives eight nominations, including best rap album for The Life Of Pablo. Chance The Rapper
Labour said it was a "cynical" attempt to distract voters. Lib Dems questioned where the funds would come from. Stuart Roden, Labour candidate for Truro and Falmouth, called it "more smoke and mirrors" Stephen Richardson, standing for Mebyon Kernow
Rooney is in the final 18 months of his £250,000-a-week contract. The 28-year-old is considering an offer that would make him the highest paid player in United's history. Rooney scored 11 goals in 24 games for United this season.
The 25-year-old scored 15 goals in 54 appearances for the U's last season. The Stags say the deal contains an option to make the transfer permanent. He has not played a game for the club so far this season.
The aircraft was built in 1941 from donations from the Borough of Lambeth Spitfire Fund. It saw service with four RAF squadrons between 1941 and 1944. Author Alec Lumsden, who gave it the name Bette, added a character from the Daily Mirror cartoon strip 'Just Jake' to the
Korean firm Doosan Power Systems is to locate a research centre in Renfrew. It also wants to build a manufacturing plant in Scotland, creating up to 500 direct jobs and 1,000 supply-side jobs. Renfrew-based Steel Engineering aims to double its 120 staff by opening
The boar is one of a number of animated replica creatures at Mountfitchet Castle. Staff at the open air museum were surprised to find two nests next to its belly. Owner Jeremy Goldsmith said seeing the hatched chicks was a 'lovely surprise' for staff.
Net migration rose by 30% in the year to June, to 336,000. David Cameron has said he will not abandon his aim to reduce the figure to 100,000. Under the immigration cap, introduced in 2011, the number of "tier 2" visas issued to skilled workers from non
Insurance premium tax (IPT) was 6% in 2015, but is going up to 12% from June. AA said it would look at its fees if the tax increased again. The breakdown service also reported a rise in personal memberships of 0.4% to 3,335
Arsenal goalkeeper Cech uses his drum kit to improve his hand-eye co-ordination. The Czech Republic international posts videos online showing him drumming along to rock bands. Everton full-back Hibbert was a cover star of a non-football magazine after catching a 42lb beast
Archbishop says he is in talks with Pope Francis, Coptic leader Pope Tawadros and Orthodox church Patriarch Bartholomew. Easter is the most important Christian festival, as it celebrates the resurrection of Jesus Christ. In the UK, an act of Parliament passed in 1928 allowed for
Russia said its bombers had targeted an arms depot, a weapons factory and a training camp. A defence ministry statement said the strikes had inflicted "significant damage" Anti-IS group Raqqa is Being Slaughtered Silently said a water pumping station had been hit. IS-linked news agency Am
Jaguar Land Rover announced plans to create an extra 1,700 jobs at its Solihull base. It is on top of 800 jobs created in January, bringing total UK jobs created to 11,000. Families talk about difficulty of finding their cars in supermarket car parks.
Jamie McCombe has joined Shrewsbury from Stevenage. The 33-year-old centre-back has signed a contract until the end of the 2016-17 season. Bolton youth product Caton has also played for Blackpool, Accrington and Chester.
9th US Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not block lower-court ruling. People from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen with visas can continue to enter the US. And refugees from around the world, who were also subject to a temporary ban, are no longer
Kirklees Council had been consulting on plans to replace paid staff with volunteers. Plans would have affected seven libraries in Huddersfield. Campaigners said 66% of people were opposed to the plan. Council later said there would be no changes for three years.
Sheffield Wednesday held to a 1-1 draw at home by Burnley. Sam Vokes turned Owls captain Glenn Loovens, squaring for strike partner Andre Gray to tap in. Atdhe Nuhiu headed down Barry Bannan's centre for Kieran Lee
Like-for-like sales were up by 4.9% during the quarter compared with a year earlier. Company said it would continue to benefit from "low cost pressures and a stronger consumer environment" But it warned that wage pressures could drive costs up next year.
Jung won aboard Sam, who was a late replacement when Fischertakinou contracted an infection in July. France's Astier Nicolas took silver and American Phillip Dutton won bronze. GB's William Fox-Pitt finished 12th just 10 months after being placed in an induced coma following a fall.
Shared Ownership Taskforce plan aims to reduce local opposition to renewable energy development. Industry says scheme could generate annual return of between 6% and 9%. Follows similar schemes in Denmark which have been running for more than two decades.
Franky Mills, of Long Gore in Farncombe, faces eight charges of criminal damage and eight of a firearms offence. A five-year-old cat called Ruby was shot in the spine and put down. Another cat in Cranleigh survived but lost her eye.
Oneil Din, 27, from Coventry, got caught in a rip current and died at Crantock beach, Cornwall on 15 August. Crantock Parish Council told the duchy in April it was "extremely concerned about the safety risks to the public" Duchy said new warning
Natural History Museum to host major summer exhibition on cetaceans. Exhibition will highlight contribution of whales, dolphins and porpoises to life on Earth. More than 100 specimens from the London museum's collections are being set up in the institution's Waterhouse Gallery.
Bank halved its bank rate from 0.5% to 0.3% last month, the first rate cut since 2009. But the Bank said again that it might cut rates further in the coming months. The Bank noted that a variety of economic indicators have suggested that the UK economy has
Chinese state media describe tribunal's decision as "illegal and invalid" State-run CCTV cited foreign ministry's view that the tribunal proceedings were "null and void" CCTV also hinted at possible negotiations with the Philippines. There was an immediate attempt to control online discussion in China.
Japan's Nikkei 225 was down 2.7% to 19,520.21, its biggest loss in nearly four months. Losslustre company earnings also had their impact on the benchmark index. Chinese shares headed lower with Hong Kong's Hang Seng index falling 0.9%.
West Indies resumed on 248-7 but were 330 all out after heavy rain delays play. Australia reached 176-2 at stumps after David Warner hit a century in just 82 balls. The draw means Australia are still 2-0 up in the series and top the Test rankings.
Floodwater is also threatening parts of Austria and the Czech Republic. At least 13 people have died and two are missing as a result of the floods. Floodwaters have reached their highest level in 400 years in the city of Halle. Parts of Germany have not seen such severe flooding
Incident took place close to Caernarfon's Crown Court and fire station. The mother-of-five was airlifted to hospital in Stoke-on-Trent. Her 46-year-old partner has been arrested, North Wales Police said.
Police were called to Oxlow Lane, Dagenham, at 23:00 BST on Saturday. Officers recovered three large knives, scissors and cannabis from the crowd. Two boys aged 17 and 15 were arrested on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon.
Lagos league started more than 15 years ago has helped raise the profile of cricket in Nigeria. It is also tempering attitudes that see the game as elitist and old fashioned. The ground the teams use is often rented out by the cash-strapped Nigerian Cricket Federation. Some
Andrew Haldane says UK economy is "writhing in both agony and ecstasy" Sterling drops 0.5% against the dollar following his remarks. Growth is set to be the fastest of any major economy this year, he says. But wages and productivity have not risen
Foxconn posted a net profit of NT$37bn ($1.2bn; Â£814m) in the October to December quarter. Foxconn is the world's biggest contract electronics maker and Apple is one of its biggest clients. Heavy reliance on Apple has raised concerns that Fox
St Winefride's Well has been a place of pilgrimage for more than 1,300 years. It is the oldest continually venerated shrine of any British saint. The healing waters of her well are said to bring forth miraculous cures. Holywell has become known as the "Lourdes of
Brazilian Grand Prix takes place at Interlagos in Sao Paulo. Formula One's first Brazilian driver, Emerson Fittipaldi, was born there. Ayrton Senna, Felipe Massa and Rubens Barrichello were also born in the city. The track
Elgan Varney, 33, was accused of raping Keele University student Hannah Stubbs. The 22-year-old killed herself at her Stafford home in August 2015. Judge John Fletcher cleared Mr Varney of two counts of rape and one of sexual assault after the CPS offered no evidence against him
Japanese-owned chemical firm Sekisui Alveo said production at its Merthyr Tydfil Industrial Park plant will end by March 2018. The plant will be decommissioned in four stages over the next three years. It is part of a move to relocate production to Roermond in
The mythical ruler's legendary court has been associated with locations throughout Wales. Previous best guesses for the location of the round table include Caerleon in Newport, Somerset's Cadbury Castle, and Tintagel in Cornwall. Prof Peter Field, a renowned expert in Arthurian literature, has
Jamie Vardy has not scored for Leicester since 10 September. The striker scored in England's 2-2 friendly draw with Spain last week. Vardy has scored twice in the league this season compared with 13 at the same stage in 2015-16. Leicester have slipped to 14th
The latest intake of Tory MPs is far and away the most Eurosceptic in the Conservative Party's history. A third of those now on the Conservative benches would like to see a fundamental renegotiation of the UK's relationship with Europe. Only ten Conservative MPs have declared their position publicly, by
Lib Dem leader says Tories will have to cut 10,000 police officers, 28,000 carers and 25,000 military personnel to pay for tax cuts promised by George Osborne. David Cameron accuses Mr Clegg of "running away from his record" Lib Dems want to raise the income tax threshold to
Police called to Jackson Road in Clacton at about 21:10 BST on Tuesday. Female officer was seriously hurt and remains in hospital. A colleague who also tried to intervene received a minor leg injury. Woman, 23, and man, 21, arrested and released under investigation.
West Indies beat Australia by three wickets in World T20 final at Eden Gardens. Australia posted 148-5 after electing to bat, with Elyse Villani scoring 52. Hayley Matthews hit 66 off 45 balls with three sixes, in a stand of 120 with Stafanie Taylor.
Gill said 'it would have to be the leader' asking him to quit a role. The AM for North Wales sits as an independent in the Senedd after falling out with the UKIP assembly group leader Neil Hamilton. Mr Nuttall won the party's leadership contest on Monday, promising to
Oasis, a community and education charity, runs the school in Birmingham where Benefits Street was filmed. The kit contains advice on how to discourage television producers. It also has what it calls a "decoder" to translate what a producer might really mean. Despite more than 900 complaints,
Up to 10,000 officers protested last month over claims of a'surge' in jail violence. They stopped work over claims but returned to work after High Court injunction. The deal will now be put to a ballot of the union's membership. Under agreement, officers will be allowed
Alan Wright and his wife visited Sissinghurst Castle Garden in September 2015. He said a man they spoke to took their photo in the gardens. Mrs Wright, from Kent, died three months later. A tweet by the National Trust has been shared more than 600 times.
Ivory Coast says cosmetic lightening and hygiene creams that de-pigment the skin are now forbidden. Dermatologist says unregulated products may contain mercury or excessive amounts of steroids. They can cause cancer, diabetes, severe skin conditions and other diseases. Ban may not stop people
Lib Dem Lord Oates accused Labour of being prepared to "concede everything" Opposition's leader in the Lords, Baroness Smith, responded that his party was giving people "false hope" The two parties had teamed up to help inflict defeats on the government. But that co-
A further 111 are thought to have been wounded in the strikes. Armed Forces Minister Mike Penning revealed the figures after a written parliamentary question by Lib Dem leader Tim Farron. He said they were an estimate because strike sites cannot be visited and assessed.
Norwich International Airport director Richard Pace condemned the hacking as a crime that police are investigating. Using a pseudonym of His Royal Gingerness (HRG), the hacker said he wanted to highlight the website's "vulnerability" HRG said he knew of someone who had planned to plant a bomb
Lancashire County Council has earmarked land on the former Glenburn Sports College and Skelmersdale College. The sports college closed in August, while the Westbank campus, owned by Newcastle College, is also unused. Council said it could get two direct trains to Liverpool per hour under
Christophe Borgye's remains were found at a property in Ellesmere Port, Merseyside. Manuel Wagner, 29, has been found guilty of murder and sentenced to 16 years in jail. Two other men were convicted of murder in 2014 after a trial at Liverpool Crown Court
Ukraine's top cyber-cop says some of the nation's largest companies still too scared to share the full scale of the fallout with his investigators. Experts who have spoken to the BBC are seemingly sure of two things: first, Ukraine was the target, and second, it was not about money.
Charles Piutau, Rob Miller and Ashley Johnson scored tries for Wasps. Sharks scored tries through David Seymour, Neil Briggs and Jimmy Gopperth. Danny Cipriani faced his old club for the first time since agreeing to re-join them next season. Sale
Accident happened on the Edinburgh bypass between Baberton and Dreghorn. Police said a woman on the bus was taken to hospital with a leg injury. Her injury is not thought to be life-threatening.
Mr Dewani, 34, left Gatwick Airport through a side entrance guarded by police. He is believed to have flown in from Dubai rather than taking a direct flight from Cape Town to the UK. His wife's family, from Sweden, are now considering whether to launch a civil action against her husband
Cuadrilla says it will put Lancashire first for creating jobs, new skills, investment, and community initiatives. Plans for fracking at its Preston New Road site at Little Plumpton were approved in October. Bolton-based civil engineering firm AE Yates Ltd has been awarded the site's
Humberto Benitez Trevino's daughter tried to close Maximo Bistro in Mexico City. She was angry after the restaurant did not give her a table she had requested. The episode became a trending topic on Twitter under the hashtag #ladyprofeco. Mr Ben
The planes were buried in 1945 by the RAF amid fears they could be used by foreign forces. At the time they were unused, still in crates, and yet to be assembled. Until a general election in 2010, Burma was ruled for almost half a century by a military junta.
Coastguard helicopter from St Athan, in Vale of Glamorgan, flew to the scene. Volunteers helped pair to the top of the ridge by Llanberis Mountain Rescue Team. They were winched aboard the helicopter and dropped off at Nant Peris.
Immigration minister James Brokenshire said he hoped the DFT system would resume within weeks. It is thought about 800 applicants are affected - and can now seek bail. Of those, it is estimated that about 100 may have to be released. The system, introduced in 2000, accelerates
Being British right now means public services and living standards are not far apart in quantum and quality wherever you live. But what if the overhaul of the UK's budget-making or fiscal constitution waters down that glue? How much is at stake? Well, spending on public-sector services per head
Mohammed Ali Ege, originally from Cardiff, was arrested in India in 2011. He was awaiting extradition but escaped after being taken to a court hearing. Aamir Siddiqi, 17, was stabbed at his home in Roath in 2010. Two men, Jason Richards and Ben Hope
Chris May, 28, was last seen by family at his home in Kelvedon on 25 May 2015. His abandoned Volkswagen Golf was found 10 miles (16km) away in Fairstead. A 35-year-old Braintree man and another man, 25, have been released.
Havelock Europa has been through a difficult corporate turnaround in recent years. The Kirkcaldy-based firm also wants to extend its sourcing operation in China and Australia. It has already focused its marketing efforts in London.
James Watt and Martin Dickie started brewing beer together as a hobby in their early 20s. They were inspired to brew American-style craft beers with high alcohol levels and large amounts of US hops. BrewDog now employs 357 people, owns 25 bars, 18 across the UK, and seven
The currency initially slipped against the dollar and euro, only to start recovering in mid-afternoon trading before falling again. The "volatility index" - a measure of investors' uncertainty - has hit levels last seen in the 2008 financial crisis. Two polls at the weekend put the Leave camp
David Harris, 68, was found guilty of offering to pay £150,000 to murder Hazel Allinson. He wanted to inherit her West Sussex home and elope with sex worker Ugne Cekaviciute, 28. Court of Appeal confirms papers have been lodged for an appeal.
Konstandinos Erik Scurfield, 25, died near the Syrian city of Qamishli on 2 March. His coffin was handed over to his father and uncle in a ceremony involving hundreds of Syrian Kurds. Ex-Royal Marine from Barnsley is believed to have travelled to
Overturning a 2013 ruling, the judges did not, however, halt the programme. The NSA's spying was leaked by Edward Snowden, a former NSA contractor. Members of Congress could "help reinforce the court's decision" next week.
The 32-year-old Dane spent the second half of last season on loan at the Lilywhites. Lindegaard made 29 appearances for Manchester United over five years. "It was a very easy decision. I could have gone to several other clubs in England but it was a no
Vinnie the Rottweiler was seized by Devon and Cornwall Police in 2013. He was kept in kennels for two years before being put down due to delays in judicial process. Video shows kennel staff playing with Vinnie while Stella rubs noses with him through mesh.
Streatham MP said Labour should not be'screaming at the electorate' after poor election. He also criticised Jeremy Corbyn, amid reports that he is doing well in the race to be leader. Labour was almost wiped out by the SNP in Scotland and failed to make ground
Allan Stanley, 76, was snorkelling around the island of Gozo when he was hit. His widow Diane told the inquest in Caernarfon it happened in seconds. A conclusion of accidental death was recorded by coroner Dewi Pritchard-Jones.
Most of the victims are believed to have been young Shia recruits based at the camp. IS filmed the killings, at the former US base of Camp Speicher, near Tikrit, in an early piece of shock propaganda. The condemned men have the right to appeal against the sentences.
Surfstitch purchased Magicseaweed and Stab as part of combined deal. Firm provides forecasting and live reporting of more than 4,000 beaches around the world. The Kingsbridge-based company employs 22 people and says it is 'thrilled' with deal.
Garcia was eight under after five holes when play was suspended on Friday. Play was suspended as winds reached 36mph and blew trees over at Emirates Golf Club. Nacho Elvira is nine under, a shot clear of Open champion Henrik Stenson.
Colchester secure first win in League One since beating Port Vale in October. Bradford drop two places to ninth after defeat, their first in five.
Archaeological remains were found at Durrington Walls, near Stonehenge. The huts are made of chalk and straw daub and wheat-thatched roofing. Project leader Luke Winter hopes to re-build the huts next year.
At least 21 people were arrested in Berkeley, California, in clashes between Trump opponents and supporters. The protests coincide with the traditional mid-April deadline for Americans to file their tax returns. There is no law requiring presidents to release their returns, but Mr Trump has found himself under public pressure.
Anthony Joshua and Wladimir Klitschko are close to agreeing terms to fight. Eddie Hearn had hoped the IBF, WBO and WBA titles would be on the line. But WBO has sanctioned fight between WBO heavyweight champion Parker and Ruiz Jr.
Fedrwch chi ddad-sgramblo'r lluniau a darganfod p-wy sydd tu ôl i'r ŵy? Peidiwch ac egg-seitio gormod, does dim gwobr - dim ond
Dylan Hartley has been banned for over a year in total during his career. The Northampton hooker is expected to be named skipper by new head coach Eddie Jones on Monday. Chief executive Ritchie says he has "paid the penalty" and is free to play. RF
Otto Warmbier, 22, was arrested in January 2016 while visiting North Korea as a tourist. He was given a 15-year prison sentence for attempting to steal a propaganda sign. North Korea claims his medical condition was caused by botulism and a sleeping pill. But his father
Floyd Mayweather v Conor McGregor has engendered a mix of intrigue and revulsion. Both fighters and their camps have been candid in admitting the contest is all about the cash. But the language they have used to boost their mega pay day has been disgraceful. Homophobic put-downs
Lionel Portillo-Meza was arrested in Mexico in 2012 and flown to the US on Tuesday. He has been charged with murder, as well as assault and other charges. Weapons found at the scene of Brian Terry's death were linked to a US anti-gun-running scheme.
Number of threats to Jewish community centres in 27 states rises to 69 in past month. No bombs were found at any of the centres targeted with telephone calls. President Donald Trump's daughter and Hillary Clinton among those to condemn threats. FBI investigating possible civil rights violations in connection with threats.
England beat Italy 30-17 at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff. Stuart Lancaster's side had 30-point winning margin but less possession than Italy. George Ford, man of the match in the Millennium, could have missed every effort from the Twickenham turf.
Baidu, often described as China's Google, has been developing self-drive vehicles since 2015. Called Apollo, the project will make a range of software, hardware and data services available to others. Other firms in the sector, such as Tesla and Google, have tended to keep key
Signallers, maintenance staff and station workers due to walk out on Monday. Scotrail, Gatwick and Heathrow Express lines and Southeastern lines affected. Widespread cancellations expected on CrossCountry Trains, Chiltern Railways, Arriva Trains Wales and First Great Western.
The man, allegedly a Bangladeshi citizen, was arrested at a railway station in Kolkata. The police allege 28-year-old Nazrul, also called Nazu, was the man who raped the nun. Incident caused outrage in India and led to street protests in
Chilean flag is widely available while one of the Texas flag is not yet. Some Texans have developed a habit of using the Chilean flag as a sign of national pride. None of the US states currently have their own emoji flag.
The Premier League has secured a record £5.1bn three-season domestic deal with BT Sport and Sky. That dwarfs the existing £1bn-a-season agreement currently in place. US rights are already with NBC Universal at $83m (£53.2m) a
Water pipes in Stafford are old and prone to leaks and bursts, Severn Trent Water says. More than 12 miles of new pipes are being laid from the Shugborough area to Stafford town centre. Part of Milford Road is expected to be closed until the summer as a metal water pipe
Turkish foreign ministry says Russian jet flew into its airspace on border with Syria. Moscow describes the claim as "baseless propaganda" Tensions between the two countries have been high since November, when Turkey shot down a Russian jet. Russia has been carrying out air strikes in Syria since September.
Falcons lie eighth in the table, having won six of their 14 matches so far this season. Newcastle finished 11th for the previous three campaigns. Falcons host Northampton Saints on Sunday, who they beat 22-16 earlier this year.
Graham Westley's side currently have injuries to Callum Elder, Gabriel Zakuani and Kgosi Ntlhe. Posh, currently sixth in the table, are at home against Chesterfield on Boxing Day.
UCI find 19-year-old's spare bike contained a motor at Cyclo-cross World Championships. Van den Driessche fined 20,000 Swiss francs (£14,000) and ordered to pay legal costs. Former European Under-23 champion must also return all her medals.
UFC vice-president Forrest Griffin leads journalists through the $14m development. The 30,000 square foot facility opened in May and is a first for the sport. Fighters can train at the facility at no cost and recovery is mapped and mapped. McGregor has been using an
Bath player Ford, 23, missed six out of seven kicks at goal during the 27-13 victory over Wales. Luther Burrell is likely to take the inside-centre role vacated by Farrell. Marland Yarde is in line to start instead of Exeter's Jack Now
Katie Milby, 13, has Morquio A, a degenerative syndrome which affects about 105 people in the UK. Her friend Kyle Pirrie has started a petition seeking to see the medicine Vimizim made available on the NHS. Vimizim replaces a missing enzyme which allows children
Lichfield are the only Premiership side not to be included in the new Women's Super Rugby competition. Third-placed Aylesford will operate as Harlequins from 2017. The Women's Premiership chair Mark Francis said "the competition will be weakened" by Lichfield's absence.
Gareth Southgate's side went out in the group stage in the Czech Republic. Raheem Sterling, Ross Barkley, Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain and Jack Wilshere among those eligible but not called up. Ashworth: "The debate will be reopened now but we stand
There is a mismatch between the soothing words and the aggressive trade policies laid out during the campaign. It is hard to know if Mr Trump will follow up on his threats, but they have a combustive potential. Trade is one area where the president has freedom to act without approval of lawmakers in
Mike Hall and colleagues from West Midlands Police's cannabis team were flagged down by a driver in Wolverhampton. The passenger was in labour and Mr Hall rushed to help deliver a baby girl. Mr Hall said it was a day he "won't forget in a hurry"
Manu Tuilagi's deal at Leicester runs out next summer. The 24-year-old is attracting interest from several clubs, including Saracens, Wasps and Toulouse. Reports suggest Worcester Warriors have offered the England centre £1.6 million over three years.
Jemma Beale, 25, claimed she was raped by nine men and sexually assaulted by six, all strangers, in four encounters spanning three years. Beale from Hounslow was found guilty of perjury and perverting the course of justice at Southwark Crown Court. Judge Nicholas Loraine-
Mohammed Khubaib, 43, was convicted of rape and grooming offences. He forced a 14-year-old girl to perform a sex act on him after getting her drunk. Cambridgeshire's Police and Crime Commissioner described his actions as "crime of the worst kind"
Crews were called to the incident at about 17:00 on Friday. Five appliances were initially sent to the scene with one remaining on site on Saturday.
50mm of rain fell in Cambridgeshire in an hour, damaging banks of River Nene. Tesco shopper said water was "pouring through the ceiling near the fresh fish counter" Richard Mayer, 32, became trapped in his car at Bar Hill while he was visiting to
The Inter-American Commission on Human Rights says it has found no evidence to support claims that the bodies were incinerated. Relatives have always rejected the official investigation. They accused the authorities of covering up the alleged involvement of high-ranking officials. The case shocked Mexico and led to weeks
About 70 personnel will eventually be in Somalia carrying out medical, logistical and engineering duties. Around 300 troops will also be deployed to the conflict in South Sudan. Al-Shabab is the Islamist militant group allied to al-Qaeda.
Summer Wroniecki broke a bone in her leg when the inflatable was blown 150 yards into crowd. She had previously battled a rare type of cancer, which was diagnosed just after her third birthday. Her father Christian wrote on Facebook that his daughter was "comfortable"
Abby Wambach was in the 2015 World Cup winning squad and won two Olympic golds. The 35-year-old has 184 goals in 252 matches in an international career spanning 15 years. She was the 2012 Fifa Women's World Player of the Year and six-time US Soccer
Only one in 200 women in the UK is still breastfeeding after a year. That compares with 23% in Germany, 56% in Brazil and 99% in Senegal. Researchers say there is a'misconception' that breastfeeding is only beneficial in poor countries.
The 24-year-old has agreed a two-year deal with the Pro12 club. Kebble is the son of former Springbok Guy Kebble. He won the 2012 Under-20s World Championship with South Africa.
Widnes Vikings currently lie in fifth place in the Super League. The Vikings led the table after winning six of their first seven games of the season. After conceding 108 points in their opening seven matches, Widnes have conceded 103 in their last four.
Duke of York named in US court papers relating to Jeffrey Epstein case. Woman behind allegations says she was forced to sleep with the prince when she was under age, and on three occasions - in London, New York and on a private Caribbean island owned by Epstein. Palace officials made a second statement
Mansfield Town and York City drew 1-1 in their League One clash. The visitors went in front when Luke Summerfield's free-kick was met by a deft touch by Dave Winfield. Krystian Pearce levelled when he guided his header from 12 yards inside the left
28-year-old man from Brighton was taken to hospital in a critical condition. He was found in North Street, Brighton, at 07:10 GMT on Saturday morning. Sussex Police arrested two people on suspicion of robbery and GBH. Officers are still keen to hear from anyone
Clive Weatherhogg, 42, set up meetings between woman and man he found online. Sent sexually explicit video to victim's sister on Christmas Day, court heard. Weatherhogg was found guilty of coercing the woman to engage in sexual activity. He was remitted to the High
Rhodes will join the Owls on a permanent deal in the summer for £10m. The 26-year-old scored six goals in 24 league appearances for Boro this season. He started his career with Ipswich and had loan spells with Oxford, Rochdale and Brent
Academy Selsey suffered extensive damage and much of its contents was destroyed. The school's 453 pupils are currently being taught at four locations in the Selsey area. Temporary buildings will house science labs, workshops and food technology areas.
Northampton Saints star North has signed a new contract until 2018. The 23-year-old's previous deal was due to expire next summer. North had been linked with a return to Wales after leaving Scarlets in 2013. Former Wales centre Tom Shanklin is disappointed North will remain in
Two-time Wimbledon champion Petra Kvitova beats Romania's Simona Halep 6-1 6-2. Slovakian will play Slovakian 10th seed Dominika Cibulkova in the final. Cibulkova beat Svetlana K
Gerald Lavey, 30, said his children clung to him during the attack by up to six men. He said the gang dragged him from his living room to the front garden where he was beaten. Hours after the attack, a wheelie bin was set alight next to the
The former Nova Centre in Prestatyn will be given a new gym, cafe and pool-side changing rooms. Three promenade-side retail units and a soft play facility will also be built. The centre shut last February after the trust running it had its funding pulled by Denbighshire
Last year 12 men were jailed for their part in the abuse of a single victim in Keighley. Eleven were convicted of raping the girl from the age of 13 and another man was sentenced for sexual activity with her. The cases involve 165 suspects and more than 100 victims.
Eight people were found dead in the vehicle in a Walmart car park in San Antonio. 31 others were treated and two later died in hospital. The driver, James Mathew Bradley, 60, could face the death penalty. Police say they believe the incident is linked to people smuggling.
Anorexia nervosa is a serious mental illness. A possession. As though developing a split personality -yourself and the anorexia. For a girl who loathed maths more than she currently hated life, I became adept at calorie calculation. I could see my thighs were bigger
Windrush generation responded to adverts to work in Britain but were only allowed to bring one suitcase. Items include photographs, clothes, records and games - as well as beauty products designed for black skin and hair when none were commercially available.
Details expected in this month's White Paper on BBC Charter renewal. Shadow culture secretary Maria Eagle called the rumoured plans "unacceptable interference" BBC source said it would be odd to make it harder for people to watch programmes they had paid for.
Barbara Stensland, 43, from Cardiff, went to Carmarthen on 5 August. When she tried to get a taxi from the railway station to the venue, less than one mile away, she was refused. Carmarthenshire council's senior licensing officer, Justin Power, said
Philae, the first spacecraft to land on a comet, was dropped on to the surface of Comet 67P by its mothership, Rosetta, last November. It worked for 60 hours before its solar-powered battery ran flat. The comet has since moved nearer to the Sun and Philae
Sgt Jon Harris had been sent to an alleged assault in the Waterloo Bar. After dealing with the incident he surprised customers by belting out the classic 70s track. Peter McKenna-Boyd, who filmed the performance, said: "Everybody just loved it"
The hosts lost Chris Dent for a duck in the fourth over. Hamish Marshall (58) and Phil Mustard (38) led the recovery. Viljoen swept through the tail to end with impressive figures of 5-55.
Arlene Foster said the DUP was prepared to take "our own action" First Minister Peter Robinson urged the prime minister to suspend the Assembly. Crisis was sparked by the murder of an ex-IRA man and the Ulster Unionists' exit from the executive.
Northants finished the day 59-3, 107 runs behind Durham. Buck's haul included the wickets of in-form Paul Collingwood and Michael Richardson. Chesney Hughes made his first appearance for Northants since last August.
Margaret Fleming, 36, was last seen at her home in Inverkip on Friday 28 October. She is described as about 5ft 5in tall, with collar-length black hair, brown eyes and a heavy build. Police said they were trying to build a picture of Ms Fleming
Powwownow says the images are not targeting those with facial disfigurements. Chief executive James Partridge said the tagline of the campaign was 'disturbing' Catrin Pugh from Wrexham sustained burns to her face and body when the coach she was travelling in
Bolton Wanderers beat Sheffield United 3-2 in Capital One Cup. Sammy Ameobi and Josh Vela scored for Wanderers. Gary Madine and Jack O'Connell scored for Blades.
Leading Muslim body seeks to distance mainstream Islam from jihadist attacks. Initiative comes a year after the Charlie Hebdo killings in Paris. France is still under a state of emergency after November's Paris attacks.
EU and Norway agreed total allowable catch for cod would be 29,189 tonnes, 5% up on 2014. A 6% increase in the haddock catch to 40,711 tonnes gives the UK an additional 3,468 tonnes. UK Fisheries Minister George Eustice said the agreements
Plane crash landed in a field in Maidwell, Bedfordshire, on Thursday afternoon. Emergency services were called to the scene, but found an empty plane. Pilot Iain McKay and his wife, of Houghton Regis, walked after the ordeal.
Swansea Canal Society formed in 1981 to save last remaining five miles of the canal. More than 25,000 hours of volunteer work have been carried out to restore the canal in recent years. Council has donated part of a former transport depot which was built over the canal and lock number seven
Sexton and O'Brien have both recovered from calf injuries and should be available. Uncapped Munster wing Andrew Conway has been ruled out after aggravating a groin problem. Paddy Jackson will start for Ireland if Sexton is ruled out.
Landlords will be able to end tenancies without a court order when asylum requests fail. They will also be required to carry out checks on each tenant's immigration status. Repeated offenders could face up to five years in prison. Critics have said it may lead to UK citizens being refused
Justice minister said trafficker was paid less than he actually was. He also said details of the payment - authorised by Mr Teeven as prosecutor - had been lost. The resignations are a blow to the Liberal party as it faces an election.
Edinburgh City and Forfar draw 0-0 at Clyde's Broadwood Stadium. Stirling Albion beat Annan Athletic 3-2 to move off bottom of the table. Montrose won 2-1 away to Berwick Rangers.
Aviemore and Highland Developments Ltd, part of the Tulloch Homes Group, had sought approval for the scheme. The park authority's planning committee said the land involved was earmarked for housing. But it said three planning applications were 'not deemed to meet with other planning policies'
Norovirus is highly contagious virus which causes nausea, vomiting and diarrhoea. Cardiff and Vale health board said it was asking people to be "sensible" Hospital said spread of virus would be limited if people made only necessary visits.
Shuping Yang praised the fresh air and freedom of speech she found at the University of Maryland. Video clip of her speech quickly went viral and triggered an outpouring of anger from fellow Chinese students in the US and critics at home. Yang swiftly apologised, asked forgiveness and said she had no
Queensland is reviewing its crocodile management plan. Proponents say legalising egg harvesting will provide economic benefits. Critics say it is not right to take the eggs, as most are already lost to inundation or predation. The estuarine crocodile is protected as a vulnerable species under
The fleet of more than 40 vehicles covers about 1,865 miles (3,000km) of roads. "Low-risk" season begins in October with 'high-risk' starting in November. The authority said it had about 35,000 tonnes of salt in stock.
Ricky travels the country meeting the robots of the future and the scientists working on them. From spending a night in a robot house to getting a brain scan, Ricky finds out how and why our relationship with robots is changing.
Gillian McCusker had fallen out with Rachel and Nyomi Fee just before Liam's death. She said she never suspected any wrongdoing during the time she knew the Fees. The couple were convicted of killing Liam at his Fife home in March 2014. They had blamed another boy for
Palm Paper's King's Lynn mill began production in August 2009. The company said generating its own electricity and steam would help reduce its carbon footprint.
Riot police clear area next to a motorway for security reasons. Most migrants relocated to accommodation in converted shipping containers. But some moved their tents further inside the camp, despite poor living conditions. French and British officials want to reduce the number of migrants in Calais.
Labour leader said David Cameron was 'wrong' not to oppose Israel's attacks. No 10 said it was shocked Mr Miliband would "play politics with such a serious issue" Thirty Palestinians have been reported killed on Sunday and militants continue to fire rockets.
Two teenage boys and a man were taken to hospital after being stabbed in Colchester. Essex Police's temporary deputy chief constable approved use of additional powers to search people. The "robust policing tactic" was used for three hours to "ensure order had been fully restored"
Leighton Andrews calls the case for fewer local authorities 'compelling' Plans criticised by body representing local authorities, Labour council leaders and ex-minister. Merger of Caerphilly, Torfaen, Blaenau Gwent, Newport, Monmouthshire and Tor
Proposed deal would combine the second and third largest cable operators in the US. Charter is also buying Bright House Networks, another cable operator, for $10.4bn. The combined three firms will serve cable television and broadband to 23.9 million customers in 41 states.
John Findlay was abused while a pupil in the care of Aberlour House in Moray. He was assaulted in his bed in a dormitory after being given date rape drug. Mr Findlay said what happened to him as a child "tainted" his adult life. In
Night Wolves had planned to enter Poland as part of a ride across Europe to commemorate 70th anniversary of World War Two. Polish Prime Minister Ewa Kopacz had called the plan a "provocation" The Night Wolves are subject to US sanctions for alleged active involvement in Crimea.
Hashim Amla resigns as South Africa captain. The 32-year-old had been in poor form but made a double century in Cape Town. Amla captained the world number one side in 14 Tests, winning four and drawing six. England captain Alastair Cook
Economic growth in the March quarter of 2014 was 2.9%. On an annual basis the economy expanded 2.3%, beating expectations for 2.1% growth. Australia's economy has been adjusting to a post mining-boom landscape.
More than half of cuckoos in the UK have been lost over the past 20 years. British Trust for Ornithology used satellite tags to track birds leaving the UK. They believe birds take two different routes on their journey to spend the winter in Africa. Western route via Spain is
Perez says he is 'happy and proud' to be with Force India for 2017. The Mexican driver had explored options with Williams and Renault. Force India are currently fourth in the constructors' standings. Williams are expected to announce Lance Stroll will partner Valtteri Bott
More than 21,000 children on local council records as being home schooled. Home education numbers have grown by 17% between July 2013 and July 2014. Many of these pupils, like Gabriel Sotello, have never been to school. Parents give various reasons for shunning school,
Donaldson moves to eight under par to lead from Italy's Renato Paratore. Englishmen Graeme Storm and Max Orrin are a stroke further back in Malmo. Donaldson is looking for a fourth European Tour title.
Charity Bawso is working to open a pilot clinic at Cardiff Royal Infirmary. There are currently five drop-in clinics in England for victims of the practice. FGM affects an estimated 200 million women and girls worldwide.
IBM researcher creates durable "thermoset" plastic that can be digested in acid. This digestion reaction allows the chemical building blocks, or monomers, to be reused. Thermosets are used throughout modern cars and aircraft, often mixed with carbon fibres to form composites.
Tech Talent coverage is asking whether the UK can compete in the global tech industry. BBC will look at the vibrant and growing UK tech scene and ask why it has failed to find a Google or Facebook. UK entrepreneurs are not turning promising starts into leading global companies, say experts.
Lilliard Gin is based at the Born in the Borders visitor centre in Jedburgh. It comes ahead of a number of proposals to open the region's first whisky distillery since 1837. Lead distiller Kate Macinnes said the potential to make the Scottish Borders a "region of
The former John Player factory in Radford, Nottingham, was built in 1895. It was the only remaining factory commissioned by John Player himself. Players built three factories in the area, though they originally only needed one. Many of the company's original buildings were demolished when the Horizon factory was
In 1909 women tended to outlive men by just 2.5 years. In 1981 on the other hand, men were likely to die six years before women. Smoking is widely recognised as one of the main reasons behind the gender gap. Official figures show the gap has been closing gradually.
Dale Merza, 20, is charged with misdemeanour hazing after alleged attack on Andrew Seely. Mr Seely, 19, was sleeping at the time of the incident at Central Michigan University. The accused could get 93 days in jail and a $1,000 (Â£
Campaigners wanted to give Halti mountain summit to Finland for its 100th birthday. Part of the 1,330m peak is already in Finland, but it is 20m across the border in Norwegian territory. Norwegian constitution states that an area the size of a football pitch cannot be
The Fraser of Allander Institute reckons growth this year will be 1.9%. That is a reduction on the 2.2% forecast for 2016 that it published in November. The economists argued that this month's Westminster budget should avoid a further squeeze on spending.
Mr Tillerson said he was due to retire this month after more than 40 years at Exxon Mobil. He said he had never met Donald Trump before his election in November. It was his first interview since he took office and correspondents say he has so far kept a low profile.
Needham Market FC were heading to Folkestone when they hit a jam on the M20. They were approached by a woman who was late for her wedding. Club secretary Mark Easlea said they wanted to know if she got to church on time.
The 18-year-old was detained after arriving back in the UK on Saturday morning. It follows the arrest of a man and woman, both from Birmingham, on 4 April. West Midlands police said it is not in connection with five terror arrests on Friday.
Devonshire and Dorset Regimental Association hopes to raise Â£140,000 for statues. It is hoped models of three soldiers will be cast in bronze and displayed at Arboretum. Sculptures will be created in Andover, Hampshire, before moving to Stafford
Has the much vaunted Burmese reform project ground to a halt? Aung San Suu Kyi's main frustration is that the constitution remains unchanged. The army has a veto over any changes to the constitution. But there have been important developments that don't directly involve Ms Suu
John Coyle tried to rob a Scotmid store in Glasgow's Easterhouse. He left empty-handed after the worker shouted to her mother who also worked there. High Court in Glasgow heard that Coyle's "very distinctive" hair could be seen on the footage.
NBPA President Charles Critchlow says data is "worrying" Report says officers who file complaints are labelled as "troublemakers" and pressured to leave force. In West Midlands, BME officers almost twice as likely to be subject of an investigation as white officers.
The coins, known as Scottish groats, were discovered by metal detector Tom Crawford. They were buried about eight inches beneath the soil on a farm near Banbridge. Experts believe they are part of a larger hoard of coins found by Mr Crawford in the same field in 2001.
Caitlin Ruddy was with a group of teenagers on the north pier at Cullercoats Bay. Northumbria Police said she was rescued from the side of the bay by a member of the public. She was taken to Northumbria Specialist Emergency Care Hospital in Cramlington
Danny Glass, 29, originally from Margate, escaped serious injury in Phuket crash. He and lorry driver Natt Awut Timsue are to be charged with causing death by reckless driving. Mr Glass is to hear the charges formally on Thursday and a translator has been called
Leonie Granger targeted Mehmet Hassan, 56, in a Mayfair casino in March last year. Her boyfriend Kyrron Jackson, 28, and his friend Nicholas Chandler, 29, were found guilty of murder and jailed for life with a minimum term of 36 years. Judge William Kennedy described the attack
Economy is more resilient as consumers buoyed by ultra-low interest rates, cheap borrowing and high employment. Better growth also means the government's borrowing position is more positive than predicted. Office for Budget Responsibility is set to upgrade its growth forecast for 2017. Borrowing, it is
Wayne Rooney, Juan Mata and David De Gea also named in United's squad. United have a minimum of four games in the US, starting against LA Galaxy on 23 July. New manager Louis van Gaal could be involved in the World Cup final with Netherlands.
Tricia Marwick was moved to tears after Duncan McNeil bid farewell to Holyrood. And she was again visibly emotional after Mr Salmond told the chamber: "It's goodbye from me... for now" Mr Salmond, who served as first minister between 2007 and 2014, said
None of the hospitals is believed to have paid the ransom. The cases are now being investigated by the FBI. Kentucky Methodist Hospital had to shut down all of its desktop computers and activate a back-up system.
Join the BodyPositive community to share your journey through 2015. We'll be bringing you the very best in the world of health & fitness, wellbeing & lifestyle and style & beauty. On January 27, we'll be getting up close and personal with R1's Gemma Cairney
Prime Minister says it is 'unthinkable' that Fifa president Sepp Blatter should stay on. Comes after seven senior Fifa officials were arrested at a hotel in Switzerland on Wednesday. US Justice Department has charged 14 people with racketeering, wire fraud and money laundering conspiracy. UK Serious
Restaurant owner Antonio Rodriguez says diners left in a'stampede' The Romanian diners had paid a deposit of â‚¬900 ($950; Â£770) Police have not yet been able to contact any of the diners.
70 reports during the lambing season earlier this year compared with 45 over the same time last year. Police Scotland said crime, which involved dogs chasing farm animals, had previously been under-reported. 60% of this year's incidents detected and dogs' owners reported to the procurator fiscal
Ocon is contracted long-term to Mercedes, Force India's engine provider, and has been racing for Manor in the second half of this season. He replaces German Nico Hulkenberg, 29, who has moved to Renault, and will be alongside Mexican Sergio Perez, 26. O
Care Inspectorate found some residents were being treated like 'objects' One lunchtime service described as 'chaotic' and dining experience'very poor' Report called for significant improvements, including staff development.
Ricky finds out about one dog who was having some language issues.
Mark Mason, 48, of Rhyl, Denbighshire, was stabbed 22 times in less than a minute. James Davies, 20, was convicted of murder, Anthony Baines, 30, and Mark Ennis, 30 were convicted of manslaughter at Mold Crown Court. Justin Trickett
Akpan was dismissed in the 87th minute of Rovers' defeat by Sheffield Wednesday. The Nigeria international denied the charge, which was upheld by an independent regulatory commission. Rovers were fined £5,000 for their players' response to the incident.
Ben Jefford has made 27 appearances for Welling this season. The 21-year-old is eligible to face Macclesfield on Saturday.
Bristol City beat Cardiff 4-2 in their opening Championship match of the season. Stephen Pearson, Martyn Woolford, Heidar Helguson, Sam Baldock and Joe Mason all on target for the Robins. Cardiff's Joe Mason and Albert Adomah
Middlesex finished the day on 342-3, with Voges unbeaten on 128. Voges' ton took him past 13,000 first-class runs in his career. Hampshire could take few positives from their performance, with poor weather forecast.
Croydon Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) said the plan could save the NHS thousands of pounds per year. People who might be affected include those with cow's milk protein allergy and gastro-oesophageal reflux disease. Standard formula milk costs about £10 for a week's supply
Touchscreens can be'reservoirs of opportunistic pathogens' Microbiologist at the University of Arizona found MRSA, E. coli and C. difficile on screens. Screen makers constantly refining the materials and coatings that make gadgets easy to wipe and keep clean.
Vithiya Alphons, 24, has acute myeloid leukaemia. She launched a social media campaign to help find a donor. Charity Anthony Nolan said 5,600 have signed up in the last week.
Choity Khatun was born with caudal twinning, meaning part of a twin had developed in her pelvis. Australian surgeons spent months working out how to remove the extra limb and reconstruct her pelvic area. The toddler was brought to Australia from her village in Bangladesh by a charity, Children
The man, believed to be a Polish national, was found badly injured in the early hours of Wednesday at flats in Thurso Crescent. He later died at Ninewells Hospital in Dundee. A 24-year-old man was arrested on Thursday and has now been charged.
Several people were rescued and evacuated from the burning building in Rosyth. Police said a body had been found within the property and an investigation was under way. The complex contains about 30 retirement bungalows.
Mark Cooper has signed Lee Collins, Callum Evans and Reece Brown. The 34-year-old rejoined the New Lawn side in July 2016. He made 144 appearances in his first spell with the club.
Academics, stylists and commentators tired of negative press coverage of the Grand National. Liverpool fashion student Hannah Ramsay said people in the city regard her accent as something "hysterically funny" Gemma Ahearne, a sociology and criminology lecturer and PhD student,
Teresa Dennett, 58, needed surgery after a stroke. Nottingham University Hospitals said its intensive care unit was full. NHS England said a lack of beds was not a reason for refusing admission. Royal College of Surgeons said it was "saddened" by the death
This weekend's annual congress will be dominated by new championship proposals in football and hurling. The plans put forward by GAA director general Paraic Duffy include completing the All-Ireland Senior Championships by the end of August. Also included is a new round-robin format for the All Ireland
Test cricket is more important for England and there's nothing wrong with that. We play quite a lot of one-dayers, we just don't play it very well. We're still trying to play nice cricket with our opening batsmen. Other teams come in and plunder it these days.
Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha watched Jamie Walker in friendly action on Friday. The 24-year-old has turned down the chance to sign a new Hearts contract. Hearts boss Cathro refused to comment on reports suggesting the club have improved their offer.
Michael van Gerwen wins £60,000 first prize at PDC World Championship. Dutchman led 6-5 before racing to victory with five consecutive legs. Wright defeated Phil Taylor at the quarter-final stage and Stephen Bunting in the last four.
Social Democratic and Labour Party (SDLP) leader Colum Eastwood visited Brussels this week. He described the prospect of the UK's withdrawal from Europe as "the biggest immediate threat to the economy of Northern Ireland and to the island as a whole" In Northern Ireland Questions in the House of Commons
Greer has been released by Brighton & Hove Albion. The 35-year-old has no idea where he will be playing for Scotland. Greer won his 11th cap after starting in Saturday's 3-0 defeat by France.
Defence just scrapes into the top 10 of electorate concerns, way behind the economy, the NHS and immigration. UK military interventions in Iraq, Afghanistan and Libya may have contributed to a sense of combat fatigue. Most European nations, including the UK, have been making significant cuts to their armed
Born Eric Lubbock, he became Liberal MP for Orpington in 1962 when he won a by-election with a huge 22% swing from the Conservatives. He held the seat for eight years, moving to the Lords in 1971 when he inherited the title of Baron Avebury. A
Number of public authority homes sold in the year to March rose from 1,209 to 1,526. 1,140 new council homes were built in Scotland, the highest total in 25 years. Number of affordable homes also rose by 17%, with 7,012 completed.
Lord Heseltine says he fears Boris Johnson's "judgement is going" Ex-deputy PM says Boris Johnson has begun to make "preposterous obscene political remarks" Mr Johnson's spokesman says it is "the arguments that matter"
Two men were attacked in Ivory Blacks in Oswald Street, Glasgow, on Friday 14 October. Police have released images of two men they want to speak to in connection with their investigation. Both men are described as white and aged 25 to 35 and are 5ft 8in tall with tattoo sleeves.
Save Oxfordshire Children's Centres Campaign 'baby blockade' in Oxford. Organiser Jill Huish said more than 500 people were 'definitely seen and heard' David Cameron had been invited to join the protest after saying he was 'disappointed' Council has said it will continue to support
Everton took the lead through Romelu Lukaku's first goal of the season. Mile Jedinak equalised for Crystal Palace with a 30th-minute penalty. Fraizer Campbell and Yannick Bolasie put the visitors firmly in control. Leighton Baines
Teaching union NASUWTteaching said it had won £16,077,328 for members last year. A 59-year-old London teacher received £185,000 after she slipped a disc in her back. Teachers also received smaller payouts over accidents in the workplace.
The Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) aims to boost the economies of the EU and the US. President Obama said it would promote "new growth and jobs on both sides of the Atlantic" Many business voices are enthusiastic, but there is very vocal opposition to the plans.
Borthwick left his role as England forwards coach after just 43 days. Bristol owner Steve Lansdown described the Rugby Football Union as "unprofessional" in their handling of the appointment. Robinson was forwards coach during England's World Cup-winning era under Sir Clive Woodward.
German exports fell 2.1% in November, while imports rose 1.5%. Factory production fell by 0.1%, energy production fell and construction activity decreased. "Things are certainly not rosy," said Bankhaus Lampe economist Alexander Krueger.
Richard Tyler, 44, saw the Hawker Hunter jet go up in a loop and come down again. The jet crashed in front of a 20,000-strong crowd on the A27 in Kent on 22 August. Eleven men, ranging in age from 23 to 76, were killed
The Financial Reporting Council (FRC) has requested more powers to tackle bad behaviour. It is 25 years since the Cadbury code was published, which put in place most of the rules governing public company practices. The code has no punitive means of enforcement and follows a so-called comply or
The 12ft-high (3.6m) statue features about 40,000 spoons. It has taken almost five months to build at the British Ironworks Centre in Oswestry. The spoons have been donated from across the world, as well as local schoolchildren.
French banks have declined to lend National Front money because of racist and anti-Semitic past. In 2014, the National Front took Russian loans worth €11m (£9.4m) One of the loans, for €9m, came from a bank with links to the Kremlin.
All parties are promising to create more apprentices or equivalent schemes. Labour highlighted its pledge to create 100,000 additional apprentices. Plaid Cymru has promised to created 50,000 new apprentices.
Vodafone said it was important to retain access to the EU's free "movement of people, capital and goods" The telecoms giant employs 13,000 people in the UK. 55% of group profits in the last financial year came from its European operations.
Robert McNab was sentenced to almost three years in jail for indecent images offences. The 30-year-old admitted downloading indecent images of children between 2007 and 2016. He was also given a two-year licence, which means he will be monitored after release. McNab has previous
Man said his wife was 'hysterical' when she found police in his garden. He was taken inside his house and arrested in connection with a firearms offence. Man was later released when police realised he was not the person they were looking for. Police Ombudsman said the issue lay
Garcia and Mladenovic claimed their first Grand Slam title. The French duo beat Russian fifth seeds Ekaterina Makarova and Elena Vesnina. They have now won titles in Charleston, Stuttgart, Madrid and Paris.
Wales lose 13-12 to South Africa in World Cup quarter-final. Fourie du Preez's late try gives Springboks victory. Tyler Morgan, Dan Biggar, Cory Allen and Scott Baldwin all injured for Wales. Biggar went off after a knock to
Airport in competition with Heathrow to win approval for an additional runway. Gatwick has "guaranteed" project would be privately funded with no need for public subsidy. Airports Commission is considering three options for expanding airport provision.
The Angola-born wide-man has spent much of his career in the Dutch league. Pedro, 25, had been training with the Cumbrians and impressed in reserve games. Head of recruitment Lee Dykes said: "This is a chance for him to show everyone what he can do
London mayor has spent more than a decade combining gravitas with an unkempt, humorous persona. He has arguably the highest profile of any Conservative except David Cameron. The big question is whether he wants simply to play for the team or to captain it. There is said to be
Lowe has not featured for the Shakers since 29 August. The 37-year-old spent two seasons at Gresty Road between 2006 and 2008. Crewe remain bottom of the table following their 5-1 thrashing at home by Peterborough.
Eleanor Hawkins, 23, from Derbyshire, admitted public indecency. She and three others stripped at the peak of Mount Kinabalu on 30 May. Hawkins was imprisoned for three days and fined 5,000 Malaysian ringgit. All four have now left the island for Kuala Lumpur
Ethiopia has one of the fastest growing economies in the world. Since 2004, its economy has been expanding by about 10% a year. Opinion is sharply divided as to whether it is wise to invest in the country.
Salih Aygun, 18, was killed two weeks ago in a clash at the town of Sirrin. His mother says Turkish authorities will not allow his body back into the country to be buried. More than 4,000 people from Turkey have gone to fight against the Islamic State group.
Thieves stole a 5m (16ft 4in) flagpole - complete with Union Jack - at some point over the weekend. Items intended for an open day, including two generators, food and drink were stolen. Last year, a memorial to the thousands of crewmen who served in
Kelvin Thomas paid HMRC & Customs unpaid tax when he bought the club. The Cobblers' administration petition was adjourned to 11 December for a deal to be made between Thomas and Northampton Borough Council. Thomas and the council have a memorandum of understanding in place over a £10
Shares of Chinese solar power manufacturer Hanergy Thin Film were suspended after falling 47% on Wednesday. That was followed by shares of Goldin Financial, which fell 55% on Thursday. Both firms had seen the price of their shares surge over the past year.
Holly Lynch and Conor McGinn have resigned from the Labour front bench. Ms Lynch tweeted it was "time to focus" on her marginal constituency. Mr McGinn said it was the "right time" to concentrate on his seat and his family.
The average price of the cheapest match-day ticket has gone through the £30 barrier for the first time in the Premier League, a rise of 6.5%. Across the top five leagues of English football the cost is £22. Football Supporters' Federation has been calling for more affordable
India cricketer Ravindra Jadeja posted photos of himself with lions on Instagram. The photos were taken at the Gir National Park in western Gujarat state in June. Forestry officials have warned of the dangers involved in taking selfies with lions. Jadeja's father-in-
Richard Walsh, 43, was accused of attacking two schoolboys, aged 12 and 13. He had been in custody at Belmarsh Prison in south-east London. Prison staff found Mr Walsh unresponsive in his cell on Sunday morning. Despite efforts to revive him, he was pronounced
Advocacy group Glaad counted 278 regular and recurring LGBT characters. Number of transgender characters has risen from seven to 16 this year. But more than 25 lesbian and bisexual female characters died or were killed off. Glaad's president Sarah Kate Ellis said it was "heartening
Lib Dem sources say 30,000 local authority places are being lost. They say the budget for free schools is 'completely out of control' Tory sources call the Lib Dems 'pathetic' and 'laughable' David Cameron says free schools are an 'excellent innovation'
The election was called after mayor Lutfur Rahman was convicted of electoral fraud. He was removed from office in April and banned from standing again. Met Police said it was investigating 16 allegations of electoral malpractice in relation to this election.
Handball returned to the Copper Box at the Olympic Park for the first time since London 2012. Paul Stewart traded some water polo tickets with friends for the chance to see the sport. Handball is played on an indoor court between two teams of seven players using your hands to throw the ball
Chase signed for Tigers until the end of the season on Saturday. The 30-year-old played for Tigers between 2009 and 2013. Chase also praised the Rugby Football League for the support they offer.
GB's men's 4x400m relay team move up to third after Denis Alekseyev fails drugs test. Decision yet to be made on when Andrew Steele, Robert Tobin and Michael Bingham will receive medals. Men's Beijing medals are in the possession of the British Olympic Association
People with a DNA variation in a gene called PDSDSDSS2 tend to drink fewer cups of coffee. Study carried out at the University of Edinburgh suggests the gene reduces cell ability to break down caffeine. This means those with the gene get the same caffeine hit through less coffee.
Crown Prince Vajiralongkorn has been the undisputed heir to the throne since 1972. He was widely expected to succeed his father Bhumibol Adulyadej, who died on 13 October. Officials had earlier said he wanted to postpone it by at least a year
Finance Minister Arlene Foster is the only person so far to declare an interest. She has the backing of a majority of the party's most senior elected representatives. Peter Robinson announced in November that he was standing down as party leader.
Ms Jones will present a One Show special from Cardiff on Friday, the eve of the Champions League final. The 40-year-old, who returned from maternity leave to the BBC One show part-time in April, said she was excited to be in the city for an event of such magnitude.
Dr Paul Colton is thought to be the first Church of Ireland bishop to make such a statement. He said he hoped the church would one day recognise same-sex marriages in religious ceremonies. Dr Colton said it was a very "divisive" debate and the church was not keeping pace
Thames Valley Police made the discovery after being called to a property. They are treating the death as "unexplained" Iffley Road will be closed to drivers and pedestrians for a "number of hours"
China Nuclear Industry fined $3m (Â£1.9m) by the US Department of Justice. It is the first time a Chinese company has admitted guilt in a US criminal export case. Huaxing admitted to charges that it conspired to ship the epoxy coating through China
Ivan Reitman says he wants to 'expand the Ghostbusters universe' with new films and TV shows. Reitman suggests the Russo Brothers would direct a fourth Ghostbusters film. The writer would be Drew Pearce, who wrote Iron Man 3 and Mission Impossible 5. Paul Feig
Network Rail is doing work in the Chipping Sodbury and Alderton tunnels. The improvements will run from Saturday until 15 September. They will allow new trains to run on the Great Western Rail mainline.
Catalan regional president Carles Puigdemont urged support for independence. Numbers were down sharply compared with last year's event, when 1.4 million rallied. Spain has consistently blocked attempts to hold a referendum on secession.
Prince Harry visited the Mants'ase Children's Home in Maseru, Lesotho. He was supporting the charity Sentebale which assists projects that work with disadvantaged children. Many of the children have Aids or have become orphans because of the disease.
Uber and GrabTaxi will now have to register with Singapore's Land Transport Authority. Fees charged by the booking apps cannot exceed those of regular taxi companies. The new measures will be enforced from the second quarter of next year. Uber has faced protests around the world by taxi drivers who
England have won only one series in South Africa since the Proteas were readmitted to Test cricket in 1991. Alastair Cook's side have triumphed only once in their last 15 overseas Tests. South Africa are ranked number one but lost their last series in India 3-0
Seven-year-old German Shepherd Finn was injured protecting his handler from a suspected armed robber. His recovery captured the hearts of thousands and inspired a petition calling on the government to re-think the laws.
Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said crews used breathing apparatus. Senior officer for Moray and Aberdeenshire, David Rout, said: "Our thoughts are with the family. We will now investigate the cause"
Jamar Clark, 25, was shot during a struggle with police on 15 November. Police said the attackers - three white men and one Asian man - were racially motivated. Around two dozen tents and canopy shelters have been erected around the 4th Precinct police station. Demonstrators have barricaded
Lesotho has seen a series of military coups since independence in 1966. Prime Minister Thomas Thabane says he will return to South Africa "as soon as I know I am not going to get killed" Army denies staging a coup and says it supports the democratically elected government.
The incident at Neil McEvoy's office took place on Thursday morning. The AM said no valuables were taken but files had been "gone through" He said metal bars had been cut to access the property. South Wales Police said an investigation had been launched.
The pylons would run from Carlisle to Heysham, Lancashire, to connect a new Â£10bn nuclear power plant at Moorside, Sellafield, to the grid. Power Without Pylons and Friends of the Lake District say the National Grid is
Projects aim to see the war from the perspective of North Vietnamese veterans. Took place 20 years after diplomatic relations between the two countries were normalised. Interviewed more than two dozen veterans in Hanoi and rural locations bombed during the war. Many areas were subjected to use of
Curfew put in place on Tuesday after protests over Freddie Gray's death turned violent. Residents ordered to stay home from 22:00 until 05:00 under curfew. Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said she did not want to maintain it any longer. Six police officers are facing criminal charges over
Quinn available for Sunday's Scottish League Cup semi-final against Celtic. The 30-year-old was on the bench in the third-round defeat by Hibernian. He has made more than 360 senior appearances for Scotland.
Nottingham Forest beat Birmingham City 3-1 at the City Ground. Eric Lichaj, Apostolos Vellios and Hildeberto Pereira scored for Forest. Lukas Jutkiewicz headed a goal back for the Blues.
Lancashire reach 298-3 from 96 overs in the day. Alviro Petersen top scored with 105. Teenager Haseeb Hameed made 89.
The Dow Jones was unchanged at 21,409.07 and the S&P 500 edged down 0.08% to 2,425.53. The Nasdaq rose 0.3% to 6,193.3. Wall Street has generally climbed this year, in spite of some shaky moments stemming
Prime Minister said leaving the EU would be a 'national error' and a 'big mistake' He said three million people's livelihoods were directly linked to trade with Europe. Comes as 320 business figures sign a letter backing Vote Leave in the EU referendum.
Sebastian Coe won three world records in 1979 - including 800m, one mile and 1,500m. He was the first person to hold all three records at the same time. In 1980, amid intense rivalry with fellow British runner Steve Ovett, he won gold
Kamdjo, 25, played in only five games for Forest Green last season. He made 33 appearances on loan at Boreham Wood. York were relegated from League Two after winning only seven league games.
Emmanuel Eboue banned for failing to pay money owed to former agent. Sunderland boss Sam Allardyce says club are 'completely in the dark' over dispute. Eboue joined the Black Cats on a season-long loan from Galatasaray in March.
Gordon Thomson, 37, said he heard a child screaming outside his home in Glasgow. He said he saw his neighbour, Russell Findlay, wrestling with another man on the ground. Mr Thomson said he splashed two basins of water on Mr Findlay's face after the incident.
Vauxhall is investigating the problem, but has not yet issued a full recall. The affected model is the Zafira B, which is thought to have 280,000 owners. Three different women have reported their cars bursting into flames.
Donald Trump and Bernie Sanders feel that the party establishments are arrayed against their presidential quests. Mr Trump is leading the race for the Republican nomination, but it's starting to feel like he's not winning. There's mounting evidence that he's being outmanoeuvred in the behind-the
LudoSport has opened its first academy in Cheltenham. The sport began eight years ago in Italy but has only just come to England. Instructor Jordan Court said people were already "hooked"
68-year-old man died when his Vauxhall Astra hit a Nissan Juke on the A31 near Corfe Mullen. The road was closed for more than five hours after the crash at 13:20 BST. Three Nissan drivers suffered serious but not life-threatening injuries
Shell stopped Arctic exploration more than two years ago after problems including an oil rig fire and safety failures. The Anglo-Dutch company wants to drill up to six wells in water about 40 metres deep. Environmental campaigners oppose the move.
Katie Locke, 23, was found dead at Theobolds Park Hotel in Hertfordshire. She had been strangled and had been found in a hotel room. Carl Langdell admitted the charge of murder at St Albans Crown Court. A psychiatric report is to be prepared on Lang
His arrest over the death of model Reeva Steenkamp has stunned the country where he is considered a national hero. The 26-year-old is due to appear in court on Friday. Mr Pistorius made history in London last year when he became the first double-amputee
Virtual private networks (Tor) are used to hide where people go online. They use encryption and randomly bounce requests through a network of computers. Turkey has a long history of cutting off access to websites during periods of unrest. Many people are changing the way they connect to Tor to avoid the
Uruguayan, 25, signed from Nacional two years ago but made just six league appearances. He ended last season on loan at Spanish second-tier side Real Oviedo. Boro say they have decided to end his contract in order to help him find a new club.
Japan will host the Rugby World Cup in 2019, and the Olympic Games a year later. Rugby union lags behind in popularity in Japan, where baseball is the most popular sport. Organisers hope to increase the number of people playing the sport and increase participation.
Jihadists seized buildings on the eastern edge of the city of Tadmur on Thursday. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said IS militants were mounting an assault on Tadmur. Twenty-six civilians in a village outside Tadmur were summarily killed by IS - at least 10 by beheading.
The spelling error was spotted close to the High Street in Warsop, Nottinghamshire. Eric Hill quickly photographed the sign, which should have read "right", before it was painted over. A spokesman for the Co-op said the contractors were made aware of their mistake.
Bath face Leicester in the centenary of the first meeting between the two sides. The West country club are potentially on the cusp of a revival. Bath have exciting backs like Kyle Eastmond, Jonathan Joseph, Nick Abendanon, Tom Heathcote, Anthony Watson, Tom
Employers with 11 or more parking spaces now have to pay Nottingham City Council £288 a year per space. Many employers have decided to pass on some or all of the charge to their staff. The scheme will raise £2m less than the council predicted because employers have registered fewer spaces than
McClaren led Newcastle to six wins in 28 Premier League matches. The 54-year-old was replaced by Rafa Benitez in March. Newcastle were relegated to the Championship.
Celtic face Aberdeen in the Scottish League Cup final on Saturday. Roberts is due to return to parent side Manchester City in the summer. The 20-year-old would have been part of Paul Simpson's squad in South Korea.
£60,000 feasibility study will examine how to alter Aberystwyth University's Old College. The building opened in 1865 as a hotel, but was later bought by philanthropists who founded the university. Plans include creating a 'cultural quarter' based around the Old College, a
Councils in England, including Bradford and Birmingham, will trial the pilot scheme at local elections in 2018. The 18 also include Luton, Slough, Woking, Coventry and Bristol. Different local authorities will trial different types of ID, including driving licences, passports and utility bills. Const
Surrey beat Nottinghamshire by seven wickets to win the toss and bowl first. Rory Burns and Arun Harinath will open the batting for Surrey on Monday.
Jeffrey Spector, 54, of St Annes, Lancashire, died on Friday following a six-year illness. He was surrounded by friends and family at a meal shortly before his death. His wife Elaine and three daughters said they respected his decision.
The Pass Wide and Slow Wales campaign has collected 1,300 signatures on the assembly's e-petition website. It wants an annual road safety awareness campaign explaining to motorists how to react around horses. The British Horse Society found that since 2010 there have been 2,000 road accidents in the
Dead Men Risen focuses on the death of Lt Colonel Rupert Thorneloe in 2009. It was published in amended form after the first print run was destroyed by the MoD. Christopher Hitchens' widow Carol Blue accepted the award on behalf of the Vanity Fair writer.
From next September, universities will have 'primary responsibility' for disabled students' needs. The National Deaf Children's Society said it was 'bitterly disappointed' by the announcement. In 2012-13, DSAs provided £146m to 64,500 higher education students, a rise
Author Dominic Greyer was selling merchandise for his book 'Lesser Spotted Britain' He was asked to cover up some of the names of saucier-named towns and villages. The WI Centennial Fair in Harrogate asked him to cover items with 'censored' stickers.
Scotland face Munster at Murrayfield on Saturday. Conor Murray accused Glasgow of targeting him in European Champions Cup game. Scotland skipper Greig Laidlaw has promised more pressure on the Munster scrum-half. Laidlaw said Glasgow did everything within the rules of the
Around 3,200 women will take part in the trial, with half shifting a tenth of their body weight. Experts said the trials were vital as it was still unclear if weight made a difference. The two-year trial will start recruiting overweight and obese patients in August.
Germany beat Mexico 4-1 in Confederations Cup semi-final. Marco Fabian and Timo Werner scored for Germany. Amin Younes scored a late fourth for Joachim Low's side. Germany will face Portugal in Sunday's final in St Petersburg.
Comedian Izzard ran 27 marathons to reflect 27 years Nelson Mandela spent in prison. The 54-year-old had to pull out of a similar feat in South Africa in 2012 for health reasons. Comedians Gary Lineker, Paula Radcliffe and Chris Moyles
Norwich beat Ipswich 1-0 thanks to Jonny Howson's goal. The Canaries are second in the Championship with two wins from three games. Norwich were relegated from the Premier League last season with 67 goals conceded.
Andrea Nalini and Diego Falcinelli gave Crotone a 2-0 lead before Ciro Immobile pulled one back from a penalty spot. Bastos was sent off for Lazio and Nalino scored a second as Crotone celebrated one of the most famous days in their
Lone Ranger star Armie Hammer and Man of Steel's Henry Cavill will also star. Alicia Vikander, known for her role as Kitty in Anna Karenina, will play the female lead. Director Ritchie will co-write the script with Lionel Wigram.
Nigeria has now seen two consecutive quarters of declining growth. Crude oil sales account for 70% of government income. Oil prices have fallen from highs of about $112 a barrel in 2014 to below $50 at the moment. The fall in the Nigerian currency, the nair
The Dow Jones rose 0.6% to 19,912.7, and the S&P 500 and Nasdaq added 0.9% to 2,280.07. Mining, energy, and financial stocks were among the big gainers, with healthcare and telecoms among the
Nicholas George Winton rescued Jewish children from Nazi-occupied Czechoslovakia in 1938. He worked tirelessly to ensure money was raised and homes were found for the young refugees. His self-effacing manner meant that it was 50 years before the full story of his heroic efforts became public knowledge
26,643 assaults in year to March 2017 - 20% more than the previous year. 7,159 were attacks on staff - equivalent to 20 every day. 15 escapes from prisons in 2016-17 - up by two on the year before. Number of prisoners released by mistake rose by seven to
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge's son is the first member of the Royal family to have his first birthday marked by a new coin. The design of the sterling silver piece was approved by his parents; his great-grandmother the Queen; and Chancellor George Osborne. It bears the heraldic
The North East Coast Exhibition was opened by the Prince of Wales in 1929. It attracted four million visitors, including King Alfonso of Spain and the Sultan of Zanzibar. More than four million people passed through the turnstiles between May and October.
Omar Omran's mother Maha Al Adheem appeared at Dublin District Court on Thursday. The 42-year-old was remanded in custody until next week. She told the court: "It was not me. It was the power."
Mario Mandzukic opened the scoring on his 31st birthday. Paulo Dybala curled home a brilliant free-kick and Alex Sandro headed in a third via the crossbar. Juventus could have won the title last week but lost 3-1 to second-placed Roma
Ayoze Perez, Chancel Mbemba and Dwight Gayle scored in comfortable win. Jack Grealish's 89th-minute goal sealed the Magpies' title. Glenn Murray's penalty had put league leaders Brighton in front at Villa Park.
Inderjit Singh Dhariwal, 49, was injured at Samsons in Oldbury. He was taken to hospital in a critical condition but died on Monday. Nicolas Salhan, 36, and Jonathan Davies, 42, have been charged.
In the shadow of a referendum on independence for Scotland the opportunities for Yorkshire have never been greater. "Whatever happens in the coming Scottish independence vote, there will be more devolution," says Peter Box, Wakefield City Council leader. The fledging new political party Yorkshire First is also eyeing events
Barratt Homes will build 139 homes at Duddingston Park South and 165 at Newcraighall Village. The builder will also build 102 affordable homes between the two developments. Both are set to launch later this year in the Edinburgh area.
Page, 25, was beaten to gold by Canada's Rosannagh MacLennan. World champion Li Dan of China took bronze, while Katherine Driscoll came sixth. Page's highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 World Championships.
Jamie Vardy opened the scoring with a 25-yard strike from Riyad Mahrez's long ball. England striker then added a second 11 minutes later from close range. Leicester move one game closer to winning their first ever Premier League title. Foxes boss Claudio Ranieri says
Historic England says too little is known about the 'witches' marks' found in medieval buildings. The symbols were intended to protect people from witches and evil spirits. They can be found in places such as Shakespeare's birthplace and the Tower of London.
Site owner reassured people the tower was still standing and had been shrouded in fog. It came the day after the remains of the boiler house were demolished. The search resumed for three men killed when the building partially came down.
Company looking at possibility of adding services between Sandown and Southsea. If confirmed, the cross-Solent service would operate on two days a week in July and August. The plan would be for the service to operate four 25-minute crossings every Tuesday and Thursday from 14 July to 27
103 liner visits scheduled to Guernsey, Alderney, Sark and Herm between April and October. In 2011 there were 91 scheduled visits, with 29 being cancelled due to bad weather and itinerary changes. Guernsey harbour master: "It was a very poor year in weather terms and affected
Tim Husbands took on the top job at Titanic Belfast a few months before the visitors' centre opened in 2012. In its first year of operation, more than 800,000 people from 128 countries toured the east Belfast building. Mr Husbands has a wealth of experience in event management, spending
Steven Dunne failed to return to Southview Low Secure Unit, Hellingly, on Wednesday. He handed himself in to police in Manchester, where he is in custody. Dunne will return to hospital under a higher level of security. In 2010, he admitted manslaughter of Gordon St
Sue Sim was first woman to lead Northumbria Police and led hunt for Raoul Moat in 2010. Ms Sim is retiring on 3 June to spend more time with her family. She joined Merseyside Police in 1985, progressing through the ranks before moving to Numbria.
Barnet beat Hartlepool 2-0 at Bloomfield Road. John Akinde and Simeon Akinola scored either side of half-time. Newport beat Accrington 3-0 to move two points clear at the top of the table.
Sunderland lost 1-0 to Chelsea in the Premier League on 14 December. Kirchhoff was making only his eighth appearance of the season. Black Cats forward Duncan Watmore is out for the season with a cruciate knee ligament injury.
Deni Alar Harnik is the most-capped player for Sturm Graz. Alar is the leading top-scorer for the Austrian league leaders with nine goals in as many games.
Four-time cup winners Forest face Doncaster in the Uefa Cup on Tuesday. Winners of the cup competition earn a place in the Europa League. Forest have failed to progress past the third round for the past 11 seasons. The Reds last featured in European competition in the 1995
Flybe plane carrying 62 passengers from Exeter landed safely. Nobody was hurt during the incident at Edinburgh Airport.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park said 100,000 people visited in September when the poppies were installed. Park entry on Remembrance Sunday and Armistice Day will be by ticket only. Yorkshire Regiment raised 24 Battalions served by 65,000 men, of whom 9,000
Thomas Hitzlsperger is the first German footballer to come out as gay. The 34-year-old said he was coming out to advance discussion of a topic that was "simply ignored" in German football. Former team-mates Lukas Podolski, Arne Friedrich
The Military Reaction Force was the subject of a BBC Panorama programme last November. Former members said the unit had shot people who may have been unarmed. The unit was disbanded in 1973, after 18 months. One of the soldiers said they were "not there to act like an army unit
Gangs of young adults have been drinking alcohol and causing criminal damage. Dispersal order allows police and community support officers to force troublemakers to leave. The order will remain in force until 01:00 BST on Sunday.
Jamie Cox attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth, south London. He was overheard on 999 call threatening to 'knock her spark out' in 21-minute call. Cox, 29, was convicted of assault by beating, violence to secure entry
Korean-American Kenneth Bae was sentenced to 15 years' hard labour in May. North Korea says he used his tourism business to form groups to overthrow the government. He was taken to hospital last year after suffering dramatic weight loss. His family say he has several health complaints including diabetes
Cuerden Leisure is selling Blackpool's South and Central Piers and the Grade II listed Llandudno Pier. Blackpool Central Pier is home to a 33m high (108ft) Ferris wheel and Blackpool South Pier is 150m long (492ft) Llandud
Cricket South Africa have said they are "resolved to begin a recruitment process" Domingo has been in the role since May 2013 and his contract ends in August. South Africa will play three one-day internationals, three Twenty20 games and four Test matches against England.
Security consultant Paul Moore examined publicly available information of UK's six biggest ISPs. He said he found plenty of bugs that could be exploited by hackers. Audit of TalkTalk, Sky, BT, Plusnet, EE and Virgin Media was kicked off in the wake of the TalkTalk hack.
Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) launched investigation into online gambling. CMA has identified 'a number of operators engaging in practices likely to be breaking consumer law' Promotions involve terms and conditions which prevent punters from walking away from play. The CMA is talking to the
Lil' Chris, whose real name was Chris Hardman, rose to fame in Channel 4's Rock School. The 24-year-old struggled with mental health issues and depression, his family said. He was found dead at his home in Lowestoft, Norfolk, on 23 March
Poland dominated the game but Northern Ireland are used to that. Michael O'Neill's team were excellent at staying compact and forcing the ball into wider areas. The 10-15 minutes after the interval were vital but we got caught cold. If we want to qualify out of Group C
Discovery could help people with dyscalculia, who may struggle with numbers. Up to one in five people have trouble with maths, affecting ability to complete problems. Neuroscientists believe activity within the parietal lobe plays a crucial role in this ability, or the lack of it
Andrew Platten, 55, from Bingley, died at the scene in Cottingley Cliffe Road. West Yorkshire Police said officers had tried to stop the car after seeing the driver 'acting suspiciously' A 22-year-old Bradford man was arrested on suspicion of causing death by
Documents leaked by Edward Snowden show NSA has access to chat logs, stored data, voice traffic, file transfers and social networking data of individuals. US government confirmed it did request millions of phone records from US company Verizon, which included call duration, location and the phone numbers of both parties on individual calls
Northern Ireland's world number three is due to tee off with Dustin Johnson and Rickie Fowler on Thursday. McIlroy currently leads the Race to Dubai rankings with just three tournaments remaining. The 26-year-old is the only two-time winner of the European Tour's season-long event
Warwickshire's Jonathan Trott will replace Bell as captain of Championship side. The 35-year-old skippered the Bears to One-Day Cup victory in September 2016. But less than 12 months on the county are bottom of the Division One Championship table. Bell last
Sandra Bertin was in charge of security cameras on Promenade des Anglais. She says she was told to report presence of national police units on seafront. But she says she did not see them on the video of the attack on 14 July. More than 80 people
Hamilton struggled to fourth behind the Ferraris of title leader Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen. Vettel now leads by 13 points but it would have been 20 had the German won the race. Hamilton said: "Big congratulations to Valtteri. Fantastic job and he deserves
Kizza Besigye is a Ugandan politician who is running for president for the fourth time. He lost to President Yoweri Museveni in the 2006 and 2012 elections. Besigye says he has been the victim of a campaign of intimidation by the security forces.
Haydn Harwood, 33, says the black spiders are in "every nook and cranny" of his house and garage in Llanedeyrn. Tube spiders are one of the UK's largest, with bodies up 2.2cm (0.9in), with green iridescence
Profit included a 'write back' of £27m in impairment charges. Ulster Bank is one of the big four local banks in Northern Ireland. It employs about 2,200 staff.
The victim's body was found at Hedderley Walk, near St Ann's Well Road. Police sealed off several roads in the area and carried out extra patrols of the area. The victim was a 43-year-old man but no further details have yet been released.
Sir Tim Hunt reportedly made the comments at a science conference in South Korea. He told the BBC he 'did mean' the remarks but was'really sorry' Royal Society said his comments did not reflect its own views. Sir Tim, 72, was awarded the Nobel prize in physiology or
Councils have been warning for a number of years that a shortage of funding is causing problems. Only 144,000 of the requests for help resulted in long-term care. Nearly 70,000 people who did get help revealed their experiences of care.
Celia Castedo said she had warned plane had barely enough fuel to reach Colombia. Plane crashed near Medellin, killing 71 people, including most of the Chapecoense football team. Ms Castedo is in Brazil where she is seeking asylum. Bolivia's Public
Wu Shuoyan, 37, allegedly killed for refusing to hand over her number to cult members. The murder, filmed on CCTV and on mobile phones, sparked outrage. Hundreds of members of the Church of the Almighty God have been detained.
Katy Perry and Taylor Swift have been feuding for three years. Their feud dates back to the MTV VMA in 2009, when Kanye West dissed Beyonce. Nicki Minaj and Lil' Kim have also been involved in high-profile feuds. Liam Gallagher and
There are over 2,000 French people living in south Wales registered with the French consulate in London. First Minister Carwyn Jones was among the many to hold up a candle for the silence, while others held up pencils. The silence was marked at the end by an applause.
Chesterfield director of football David Turner has left the club. The 58-year-old joined Chesterfield in 2011 as chief executive. Spireites director Ashley Carson said Turner's role was now'redundant'
A further £475,540 was spent in the first three months of 2015/16. Review was conducted in April 2014, but Welsh ministers said they do not publish the results of internal audits. All internal audits are shared with the public spending watchdog, the Wales Audit Office.
Creative Scotland has ringfenced £1m towards the cost of a Scottish studio. The Scottish government has pledged a further £2m loan. Several organisations are interested in turning other sites into studios.
Andi Oliver will replace Prue Leith on Saturday Kitchen next year. The cookery expert and writer made her last appearance on Friday's finale. She said being on the show had brought her "huge pleasure" but it was time for a change. Regular judges Matthew Fort and Oliver Peyton
Mohamed Salah teed up Abdallah El Said to score late winner. Uganda's Joseph Ochaya had a goal correctly disallowed for offside. Egypt play Ghana on Wednesday with top spot of Group D still at stake. Ghana secured their place in the quarter
Owners could be banned from play areas in parks and owners set limits on the number of dogs they take for walks in public. Authorised officers would also have the power to request dogs be put on a lead. Consultation runs until 31 January and a report is presented to the city
Zimbabwe's ruling Zanu-PF party is riven with fresh divisions over who will succeed Robert Mugabe. The liberalised dollar economy of 2009 is on the brink of collapse, with long queues at banks. A pastor called Evan Mawarire, based in the capital, Harare
Campaigners drew up petition after council announced it was considering closing exhibition space to save money. Officials from Staffordshire County Council and the university said the historic building, in the town centre, would become an information centre.
A tsunami hit the village of Nuugaatsiaq on Greenland's west coast on Sunday. Homes were submerged and washed away after a magnitude-four earthquake hit the area. Rescuers used liferafts to sweep the area after four people were reported missing. Meteorologists
Road is expected to remain closed for a number of hours while investigation is carried out. Victim died at the scene and another man is in a critical condition.
Mrs May will be the first foreign leader to meet the new president after his inauguration. Nato, the EU, defence and Russia are all likely to be discussed in the meeting. Theresa May has promised to hold "very frank" discussions with Mr Trump.
Patrick Kennedy made the request in relation to an email about the 2012 attacks on the US diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya. The FBI said it did not change the classification level of the email. Republican House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan said the revelation "bears all the signs of a cover-
A monthly travelcard costs £135 ($174), according to a Deutsche Bank report. Dublin was ranked second priciest city, while Auckland was third. Transport for London (TfL) said the findings did "not show the true cost of transport in other countries"
Gillingham have signed eight players so far this summer. The Gills finished 20th in League One last season. Manager Dave Pennock wants more recruits to join the club.
Lionsgate will add more than 100 titles to Steam's online store and streaming service. Includes The Hunger Games, Twilight, and Saw franchises. Full range is available to US users initially, with European customers having access to a small selection.
Attorney General Arely Gomez says Guzman's brother-in-law among those detained. She says a member of his legal team, described as the mastermind, has also been arrested. Guzman escaped from a high-security prison through a mile-long tunnel earlier this month. He
Wick Joint Campus is being constructed to replace Wick High School. It will also have community facilities which will be available to the public. Highland Council said its contractor Hub North Scotland (Wick) Ltd had informed it of delays.
VAT Flat Rate Scheme simplifies record keeping and makes it easy to work out VAT. It will affect businesses that use the scheme but which spend very little on goods. The new rules start on 1 April 2017, but may also affect invoices issued, and goods bought.
Ministers want all pupils in England to study maths, English, science, one of history or geography and a modern language at GCSE. But some young people "will find it a problem," Sir Michael Wilshaw said. Sir Michael said vocational subjects would suit some pupils better.
HMS Queen Elizabeth and HMS Prince of Wales are the largest ships ever built for the navy. Portsmouth's jetty was built in the 1920s and last upgraded in the 1970s. Work on the upgrade is expected to be completed next autumn.
Stuart Hamilton, 37, was last seen on CCTV at Haymarket Station on Sunday. He then travelled by train to Manchester and was spotted near Buckingham Palace. Mr Hamilton is white and of medium build with short, dark, receding hair.
Fishermen are being asked to report all accidental catches of the shark. Angel sharks can grow up to about 2.5m (8ft) in length. They are not threatening to humans, living mainly on sand or mud at the bottom of the sea.
Officials say that the lava isn't putting any towns in danger but have warned tourists to keep their distance.
Denis O'Brien obtained an injunction to stop RTÉ from reporting details of his personal finances and relationship with former Anglo Irish Bank. RTÉ lawyers said as a result there was no need for the injunction to remain. The media mogul's fortune is estimated to be around £5bn.
Team Sky say Sergio Henao was contacted by cycling's governing body and an anti-doping agency about data between August 2011 and June 2015. The Colombian said he was "beyond disappointed", having missed three months in 2014 over similar concerns. Team Sky stressed Henao had not failed a
Kevin Patrick Dawes, 33, was abducted in 2012 as he entered Syria. US officials said the Syrian government never acknowledged detaining him. The State Department said Mr Dawes was turned over to Russian authorities.
Patrick Finucane was shot dead by loyalists in front of his wife and children. Sir Desmond de Silva's review confirmed that agents of the state were involved. Widow Geraldine has dismissed the report as a "sham" and a "whitewash"
Annan Athletic chairman Henry McClelland and Inverness player Lewis Horner were this week charged by the national body with gambling offences. Scottish FA regulations prohibit players from betting on any football. Wishart admits he is uncertain whether the existing regulations are adequate.
Jason Van Dyke denies six counts of first-degree murder in the shooting of Laquan McDonald. Footage of his shooting of the 17-year-old was released earlier this year. It sparked an outcry and the resignation of the chief of police in Chicago. A federal investigation
IES Media said'redundancies among editorial employees' would be made. But it said there would also be 25 new "digital-content roles" The last print edition of the Independent will be published on 26 March. IES has also confirmed it will sell its sister title,
Newport confirm the release of defender Matt Taylor. The 34-year-old made just five appearances for the south Wales club. Newport are currently 20th in League Two, seven points above the relegation zone.
The old Northern Bank introduced the slippery clean fiver to local pockets in 2000. Two million of the notes were issued in October 1999. Bank of England says it is cleaner and more secure than cotton paper notes.
Reg Foggerdy disappeared last month while hunting a feral camel in Western Australia. Wearing only a T-shirt, shorts, a cap and flip-flops, he became disorientated in the heat of the desert. He poked a stick into an ants nest and ate the insects
Sadio Mane scored twice in the space of 138 seconds as Liverpool beat Tottenham 2-0. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino says his side showed a lack of desire to fight for a win. Chelsea can extend their lead at the top if they beat Burnley at Turf Moor
Sana news agency said military had restored security and stability to Khalidiya. Activists reported clashes in Khalidiya on Monday morning, but said most of the area was under army control. Announcement comes a month after troops launched offensive to oust rebels from Homs. Homs has been
Swiss Xhaka, 24, is believed to have been with a friend who had visited him in London. The man is understood to have arrived late for his flight back to Germany and was not allowed to board. Arsenal have declined to comment other than to say it is a private matter
Many in the Russian-backed region are unhappy with the ailing economy and lack of reforms. But Abkhazian nationalist feeling is also fuelling the unrest. Alexander Ankvab reportedly retreated to his home town Gudauta, 40km (25 miles) away, when talks with the
Anagha Nikam was travelling by rail when she spotted a mother trying to find milk for her baby daughter. She tweeted to the ministry and asked for help, and milk was provided at the next station. The story came to light after the ministry tweeted about it on Thursday.
Video for You're In Love With A Psycho sees band members dancing around mental institution. Time to Change said the video played into a "sad and tired" stereotype. Kasabian singer Tom Meighan has previously talked about his own mental health.
London-based private doctor Mark Bonar accused of prescribing performance-enhancing drugs. Sunday Times claims Bonar prescribed EPO, steroids and human growth hormone to over 150 athletes. Arsenal, Chelsea, Leicester, Leicester and Birmingham all deny the allegations. Bonar says he treated athletes for
Nearly 25,000 signatures - 10% of Cardiff's voters - are needed to force a vote. But Labour councillor Ashley Govier said only about 8,000 have been collected. There are currently 17 directly-elected mayors in England but none in Wales. Ceredigion is the only
HMS Sultan and Fort Blockhouse are among 91 MoD sites set to close. Defence Secretary Sir Michael Fallon announced the closures on Monday. The town's borough council said the loss of more than 1,000 sailors would affect the economy.
Nigerian military says all but eight of the 129 girls have escaped. Parents of the girls say many are still missing. 18 people were killed in an attack in north-eastern Nigeria on Wednesday.
Four lorry loads of tobacco, cigarettes and packing materials seized. Ten men, aged between 26 and 40 from Brazil and Paraguay, detained. Building kitted out with machinery able to produce and package cigarettes.
Surrey Police boss Nick Ephgrave said the force was good at preventing crime. But this potentially came at the expense of investigations, he said. HM Inspectorate of Constabulary report said Surrey Police's approach to protecting vulnerable people was inadequate.
iPlayer will shut down on 26 June. The service was only available in Western Europe, Australia and Canada. BBC America and the international edition of iPlayer screen some of the corporation's best known shows. More than 2,000 hours of shows were on offer on the global edition of
Historic England said the store was "ghoulish and absolutely fascinating" Families kept relatives' bodies in their homes, contributing to cholera outbreaks. The use of reception houses was phased out with the introduction of undertakers in the 1880s.
The winning image shows the US president wearing a jacket of dollar bills and yellow hair. Organisers of the Trumpism exhibition in Tehran have held similar contests in the past. Last year's Holocaust-themed contest drew condemnation from Israeli PM Binyamin Netanyahu.
Bernie Sanders' supporters are using dating app Tinder to spread the Bernie gospel. The hashtag #demdebate has been used more than 600,000 times over the past 24 hours to discuss the debate between Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. On Facebook, Bernie Sanders' personal page has almost three million
James Chester scored the decisive penalty with Richard Duffy the only man to miss from the spot. The Baggies' Salomon Rondon missed the best chance of the game - hitting the crossbar from close range.
Keane joined the U's on a free in May 2015 but has made just six appearances. The 29-year-old spent part of last season on loan at Stevenage. He has also spent time with Luton and Preston.
Two men broke into the farm house near to Corsock, Castle Douglas. They stole war medals, gold watches and antiques from the property. Police believe the robbers may have been "casing" the house before the raid.
Prime Minister David Cameron: "I'm being kept fully briefed on the major incident in Glasgow" Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon: "My thoughts are with everyone involved in this tragic incident" Glasgow Archbishop Philip Tartaglia: "The circumstances could hardly be more tragic"
England beat South Africa 24-22 to book their place in the final. New Zealand beat Scotland, Italy and Ireland to win Pool B. South Africa beat France 37-15 in the third-place play-off.
The carriageway was closed between junction 15 near Northampton and Newport Pagnell Services. Police were called to the incident at about 18:45 BST on Thursday. Traffic was being turned around in an attempt to get it off the motorway.
Sergei Abramovic is spending 512 hours interacting with the public at the Serpentine Gallery in London. The show is her first performance work since The Artist is Present, at the Museum of Modern Art in New York. Abramovic was accused of failing to acknowledge other artists who engage in
Talks are being held to restore the power-sharing executive, but parties have just three weeks to reach a deal. Mr Brokenshire said there was a sense of urgency to the talks, adding that he wanted to see a solution as soon as possible. DUP leader Arlene Foster said
Ross-shire Engineering has secured the potential investment across the next five years. The firm in Muir of Ord has already created 100 new jobs to meet the needs of Scottish Water. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon visited the company's premises near Inverness.
Marie Logie's body was found in her first-floor flat in Green Gates, Leven. She had last been seen alive at 08:00 that day and was pronounced dead. Her family paid tribute to the "beloved mother, grandmother and friend"
Fast-spreading fires are fanned by strong winds, high temperatures and drought. Russia has sent a super-tanker aircraft capable of carrying tons of water. One town, Santa Olga, has been destroyed by the blaze.
Plans for 300 new homes and an industrial zone 'diminishes peace prospects' Palestinians welcome US criticism but expect it to take'real action', says PLO chief. Israel insists fewer than 100 homes had been approved. About 570,000 Israelis live in more than 100
Couple were arrested at Eurotunnel terminal in Folkestone, Kent, in summer of 2015. They told police they were travelling to Germany to visit relatives. Judge said he was suspicious they were going to areas controlled by so-called Islamic State. But he said their 'attitude
Artist Luke Perry took more than two years to create the statue. It was unveiled in Mary Macarthur park, named after the trade unionist who led the women chainmakers 102 years ago. The statue stands at 10 ft (3 metres) and weighs nearly three-and-a-
Somalia's Islamist al-Shabab believed to be recruiting heavily in north-eastern Kenya. Report warns that a failure to reintegrate returnees may lead to further radicalisation. Kenya has seen a series of militant attacks with one at a university earlier this year killed
Passenger in a car that collided with a lorry is in a critical condition in hospital. In a separate incident, Moor Road in Coalisland, County Tyrone, has been closed following a two-vehicle crash.
Department of Health said midwives in Northern Ireland had the same settlement as England. Royal College of Midwives said all midwives should receive the 1% increase like elsewhere in the UK. Talks between the Department of Health and some of the health unions have resumed.
Northumbria Police said the pair were arrested on suspicion of possessing indecent images. Both boys have been bailed pending further inquiries.
Kevin Malthouse, 24, was stabbed in the chest and died at the scene. Jack Taylor, 18, from Oakley Close, Grays, has been charged with his murder. He is due to appear at Basildon Magistrates' Court and a second man, 22,
Sergeant opened fire in June 2014 at his post near the North Korean border. He was captured two days later after he shot himself during a tense stand-off. It reignited debate on military culture in South Korea, where all males must do about two years military service.
Japanese carmaker's investment in the Burnaston plant near Derby will allow production of vehicles using its new global manufacturing system. The factory employs about 2,500 people, while another 590 work at Toyota's engine plant at Deeside, North Wales. Investment commitments in the UK automotive sector
Welsh Government said it was 'totally committed to making Wales a more healthy nation' But its funding via Sport Wales has fallen by 14% in the past seven years. Neil Ward, chief executive of the Football Association of Wales Trust, said the diminishing sports budget was leading to "un
Helen Zille will remain as premier of Western Cape province until 2019. Ms Zille, a former journalist and anti-apartheid campaigner, has led the party since 2007. She has been a staunch defender of South Africa's liberal constitution.
Blackwell suffered a bleed on the brain in a loss to Eubank in March. The 25-year-old was put in an induced coma and woke from his coma a week later. Eubank Jr has offered to give Blackwell his British title belt as a goodwill gesture. Black
Karen and Jay Priest were told their son Justin, 29, had been killed. They drove to his girlfriend's home to tell her, when he greeted them at the door. In fact, another man with the same name but different birthday was killed.
The 23-year-old joined QPR from Swindon in May but has only made three appearances. Mark Cooper's League One side have been hit by several injuries this season. Les Ferdinand says the youngster has a'massive future' at Loftus Road.
Scottish government believes Holyrood should be consulted before talks begin. But Lord Keen said that was 'fatally undermined' by foreign affairs being reserved to Westminster. He was speaking as the UK's highest court heard a second day of argument in the historic legal challenge.
The man, who was in his 60s, died at Silverthorn Avenue in Coleraine. Police were informed of his death just after 12:00 GMT on Tuesday. A 25-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the death.
Lawyer for the Donaldson family spoke to the BBC on Friday after meeting Garda. Ciaran Shiels said the theory that Mr Donaldson was killed by the Provisional IRA or authorised by Gerry Adams is "absolute nonsense" Mr Adams has denied any involvement in the murder of Mr Donald
Maj Gen James Johnston was faced with 40,000 prisoners at the Bergen-Belsen camp. His son, Anthony Johnston, said: "He had to deal with people dying by the hundreds every day" The plaque was unveiled in Northiam, East Sussex where Gen Johnston lived.
Device was discovered on Foreglen Road on Wednesday morning. It was discovered following a telephone call to a local hospital. The device was taken away for forensic examination.
Hamilton failed to complete a clean lap on his qualifying simulation on the ultra-soft tyres and ended up seventh. He finished his session early because of a recurring hydraulic problem. Rosberg was 0.275 seconds quicker than Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen, with the Red Bulls of Max Ver
Camau Bach in Aberystwyth told someone trespassed into its Green Room. Nursery closed temporarily earlier this year after a boy was left unattended on a minibus. Dyfed-Powys Police and the charity which owns the nursery have been asked to comment
Kingfisher is selling a 70% stake in the business. The company had already announced that it was looking for a strategic partner. Beijing-based Wumei Holdings operates about 650 supermarkets and 10 department stores in China.
Belgium, the only country blocking accord, needed consent from the regional parliament of Wallonia. The wide-ranging deal, seven years in the making, was to be signed next week. Canada has been scrambling to keep Ceta together after the Walloon regional assembly in Belgium voted last
Remembering, Forgetting and Moving On event held to mark 50th anniversary of disaster. Coal waste tip slid on to village school and 18 homes in Wales killing 116 children and 28 adults. Survivor Jeff Edwards, who went on to become Merthyr Tydfil council leader
A sell-out crowd of 70,000 is expected at Aintree Racecourse on Merseyside. Vieux Lion Rouge and Definitly Red are among the favourites. Jockey Liam Treadwell will miss the big race after a fall on Friday.
McKenzie, 38, will take on Jahmaine Smyle at York Hall on 12 November. The ex-Norwich and Peterborough man became a professional boxer in 2013. He has a record of eight wins and one draw from his nine fights.
The red-throated diver was photographed by a visitor to a lochan in North Uist. The birds are on the RSPB's amber list after a recent decline in numbers. Jamie Boyle, site manager, said plastic bags can kill birds if they eat, or become entangled.
A passer-by found the man, who has not been named but was in his 30s, off Promenade Street. He was pronounced dead at the scene and officers are treating the death as suspicious. A post-mortem examination is due to take place and officers have asked for witnesses
Nottinghamshire voted 57.9% to leave the EU and 42.1% to stay in the EU. Mansfield voted most strongly to leave, with 70.9%, Rushcliffe the only area to vote for Remain. Turnout in Nottingham was the fifth lowest in the
Edin Dzeko scored a hat-trick as Roma beat Bologna 3-0. AC Milan beat Palermo 4-0 to move up to sixth place in Serie A. Diego Falcinelli scored twice as Inter lost 2-1 at Crotone.
Audit Scotland said there was a 'clear rationale' for the Â£150,000 grant to DF Concerts. It said the Scottish government had the legal authority to make the grant. Watchdog said the decision to award the grant had been a 'legitimate policy decision'
Anthony Joshua faces Charles Martin in London on Saturday. Olympic super-heavyweight champion says "all the cards are in Joshua's favour" Harrison likens the 26-year-old to former heavyweight champions George Foreman and Frank Bruno.
All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party, or AIADMK, was founded in 1972 by MG Ramachandran. The party has been playing a crucial role in providing political stability in Tamil Nadu. Tamil Nadu is among the most important Indian states economically
Remains of a man aged between 30 and 49, were found close to the M54 motorway in Shropshire. Two metal bracelets - including one thought to be a Kara, a Sikh symbol - were found inside a jacket that was also uncovered. West Mercia Police said
Defence ministry says more than 100 soldiers killed or injured in Mazar-e Sharif attack. Earlier estimates put death toll as high as 134, but defence ministry gave figure of 100. At least 10 Taliban militants were also killed in the fighting and one attacker was detained. Afghan government
Britain have reached the semi-finals of the Davis Cup for the first time in 34 years. Andy Murray and the British team beat France in straight sets to reach the last four. The Scot will now head to Washington for his next tournament in 10 days or so. Murray will then head
Around 400-500 refugees arrive in Belgrade every day, says the centre's manager. The Balkan route to western Europe has been closed, but people are still using it to get to Europe. Asylum seekers in Serbia have a number of options, including resettlement or reunification.
Hearts, Hibernian and Rangers are among the sides chasing promotion. The Bairns reached the Championship play-off semi-final in season 2013-14. Houston won the 2010 Scottish Cup as Dundee United boss. He is close to securing the services of a new player
RNLI crew member swam to the man and "recovered him" from Albert Pier. The man, said to be local, was airlifted to the Royal Cornwall Hospital in Truro. Police said the man had been reported floating face-down in the water by a sailing club
Kilcoo beat Scotstown 1-6 to set up meeting with Kilcar or Glenswilly next month. Shane Carey's seventh point was all Scotstown could summon in the final eight minutes of normal time. Sub Brian McGinnity and Francis Caulfield sent off
Two-time World Champion Helen Jenkins is hoping to qualify for the GB team. She will compete in the World Triathlon on Australia's Gold Coast this weekend. The Welsh athlete finished third behind Jody Stimpson in the opening round in Abu Dhabi. Holland and Jenkins' compat
Leo Varadkar and Simon Coveney are the early favourites for the post. Varadkar, 38, is the son of a Mumbai-born doctor and a mother from County Waterford. He was elected to parliament in 2007 as a representative for Dublin West. Coven
Poppi Worthington was found with serious injuries at her home in Barrow in 2012. A second inquest was ordered after a seven-minute hearing in 2014 determined her death was "unascertained" It was due to be held in Kendal from 15 May and will be
The concept will be known as Vulcan, and it is expected to start operations in 2019. United Launch Alliance - the joint venture between Boeing and Lockheed Martin - currently flies the Atlas and Delta rockets. These are routinely used to loft Nasa science probes, spy satellites and other US national security missions.
Steven Rodriguez, known as A$AP Yams, died aged 26 on 18 January. Opiates and benzodiazepines were found in his system and it was ruled an accident. Drake tweeted: "Rest in peace Yams. A $AP is family."
Photos on the internet appear to show Diouf in a nightclub hours before the match at Southampton on 24 March. Rovers lost the game at St Mary's 2-0. Diouf has scored six goals in 22 games since joining the club in October.
Aberdeen face Maribor in the third qualifying round of the Europa League. The Slovenian club has knocked Hibernian, Rangers and Celtic out of Europe in recent seasons. Dons boss Derek McInnes says his players are not daunted by their opponents' record.
Rory McIlroy and Thomas Pieters take on Phil Mickelson and Rickie Fowler. Sergio Garcia and Rafa Cabrera-Bello also stay together to take on Patrick Reed and Jordan Spieth. The US won Friday's foursomes 4-0 but Europe hit back in
Rents for grade A offices have risen to £15.50-per-sq ft over the past year, according to commercial agents. But they are still well below the UK average of £24.50 per sq ft. The prospect of a relatively low financial return is acting as a
Fukushima incident upgraded to level seven on IAEA's International Nuclear and Radiological Event Scale (INES) Level seven means there's a leak of radiation into the wider environment. Experts say the amount of radiation release is a lot less, and the way it's released is very
Helicopter was trying to find a vulnerable missing person in Daventry area. Pilot Paul Atherton said it was'very distracting' as he was the only pilot on board. He said: 'If I get hit in the eye and I'm blinded, who's going to
LipNet matches text to movement of lips with 93% accuracy, researchers say. Artificial intelligence system trained on 29,000 videos. Project was partially funded by Google's AI firm DeepMind.
UK is still 'bold' but 'dependable', 'outward looking' and a bastion of free trade. She has done that in private sessions with several leaders and a press conference with President Obama. But very frank words from the United States, Japan and Donald Tusk will steal
Cane toads introduced to Australia in the 1930s to control sugar cane pests. The subsequent spread has been devastating the continent's animals. Among the hardest hit are yellow-spotted monitors (Varanus panoptes) When the toads invade a new area, these reptiles feast on
England won by six wickets after a Pakistan batting collapse. The Daily Mail reported that the match was the subject of an investigation into suspicious betting patterns. Pakistan collapsed from 132-2 to 208 all out before England triumphed.
Long unskippable adverts are seen as a nuisance by many viewers. Google confirmed the plan to the BBC's Newsround programme. One media agency said the move reflected the difference between online video and linear television services.
Andy King returns after serving a two-match ban but injuries rule out James Collins and Ben Davies. Hull City's Chester, Dummett and Matthews missed March's 3-0 win in Israel because of injuries. Blackburn defender Adam Henley is also in the 23-man squad
Barrister for Christian-run firm Ashers said if they lost there would be wide-reaching consequences for shop owners. Equality Commission has set aside a fund of up to Â£40,000 to pay for legal costs in the case. Case in Belfast was taken by gay rights
Paula Radcliffe calls proposals to wipe world records 'cowardly' and 'heavy handed' European Athletics taskforce examined the credibility of world records in January. Ruling council has now ratified the proposals put forward by the taskforce. World records would only be recognised if they meet
Patrick Joseph Connors said Michael Hughes was allowed to eat with family and use pool. Mr Connors, 59, Patrick Dean Connors and William Connors deny several offences. They are accused of forcing Mr Hughes, 46, and another man - Mr K - to work for tiny sums.
Police said Kinga Pelc from the east Belfast area died in hospital on Saturday. A man in his 20s remains in a critical condition in hospital following the incident. It happened on the Annadale Embankment at about 15:00 BST on Friday.
World Rugby Hall of Fame launched at Rugby Art Gallery and Museum in Warwickshire. Lawrence Dallaglio and Jonny Wilkinson were among 12 stars inducted in to the "hall" The attraction honours players and administrators who have enhanced the game.
Lt Col Lucy Giles, 46, will oversee academic and physical training aspects of the intermediate and senior terms of the course. She said: "I have to pinch myself really, because it's an enormous privilege to be in this unique position" The academy was founded in 1947 after two older military
Market Cross Jewellers on Linthorpe Road in Middlesbrough was targeted on Tuesday. No-one was injured and police have not released details of what was taken. In November, watches, and diamonds worth hundreds of thousands of pounds were stolen in Yarm. A 24
Middlesex batsman Paul Stirling scores his first Championship century. Yorkshire's Chris Robson is 152 not out after being dropped on 31 by Jack Brooks. Nick Compton and Stevie Eskinazi both fall in quick succession for Middlesex.
Incident happened as the 33-year-old walked under a railway bridge. Both boys were described as being white, aged about 14 or 15 and wearing dark-coloured sportswear. The woman was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital for treatment.
Stewart Greene, 65, of Grimoldby, Lincolnshire, denies murder. He told the court he drowned Alex because he was angry with the nine-year-old's mother. Alex was in Mr Greene's care at his home while his mother was out. Dr Philip Joseph told the
US unemployment rate falls to 4.3%, lowest level since 2001. But payrolls increased by just 138,000 over the month. Economists had expected growth of more than 180,000. Official job creation figures for March and April were also revised down. The jobs report is
McAnuff joined the Royals in 2009 and has made 172 appearances for the club. The 31-year-old was on the substitutes' bench for their Championship opener against Ipswich. He captained Reading in the Premier League last season.
Hong Kong was top averaging 6,880 steps a day, while Indonesia was bottom of the rankings with just 3,513. The average number of steps in a country appears to be less important for obesity levels. "activity inequality" is the difference between the fittest and laziest.
NHS Direct initially won 11 of the 46 regional contracts for the service. It has already pulled out of two services, Cornwall and North Essex. The whole 111 service was meant to be up and running in April. Many areas were not ready and only half of services were operational by May.
Scottish government is to fund the construction of the new Inverness Justice Centre. The new centre would allow the courts service to move out of historic castle. Justice Secretary Michael Matheson has said the centre would be an important development.
Cardiff placed under a transfer embargo by the Football League. Bluebirds are seven points adrift of the Championship play-off places. Manager Russell Slade insists he is still the man to lead the club.
Court ruled Next diverted UK profits to foreign subsidiaries to claim tax relief on overseas profits. Legal changes in 2005 and 2009 mean rate-booster schemes are no longer possible or attractive, HMRC added.
South Bank Sky Arts Awards will be hosted by Lord Melvyn Bragg. Awards honour "the very best of British culture and achievement" Winners will be announced at London's Savoy Hotel on 5 June.
PCs Craig Nicholls and Jonathan Wright awarded Queen's Gallantry Medals. They chased Thomas Mair after he attacked Jo Cox in Birstall, West Yorkshire, last year. Mrs Cox was stabbed and shot by Mair as she waited for her husband outside a library. Mr Kenny
David Smith, 37, had surgery to remove a tumour close to his spine last year. He had been dreading the results of his latest MRI scan fearing it would still show the tumour. Smith said it was better than winning gold at the London Paralympics in 2012.
MI5 has 500 active investigations involving 3,000 "subjects of interest" at any one time. Since 2013, 18 plots have been thwarted, Whitehall officials say. That's a better strike rate than some of our continental neighbours. Every piece of intelligence that comes into the system must
Guy Martin crashed at Isle of Man TT in June. Honda Racing team bosses have confirmed that Martin's highly anticipated return to the event is not to be. UGP clerk of the course Noel Johnston said he was disappointed.
These feel like bewildering times for Kenya. Not so much in Garissa. In this poor town on the banks of the slow, brown Tana river, the local ethnic Somali population is used to navigating the complexities of religion and identity. They are proud Kenyans, but occasionally feel
Carbon permits are a mechanism designed to reduce carbon dioxide emissions. A sharp drop in demand for energy has led to a massive oversupply of permits. The price of carbon needs to be a good deal higher than 5 euros to provide an incentive.
Transport Minister Dzifa Attivor resigns after outcry over bus branding deal. Contractor asked to return excess payment, government says. Ghana is struggling with a large budget deficit and a widening public debt. Opposition and anti-corruption campaigners have raised concerns over the amount spent
Mehdi Nemmouche, 29, was arrested at a station in Marseille on Friday. Prosecutors say he has claimed responsibility for the attack and spent more than a year in Syria. Interior Minister Bernard Cazaneuve: "There will be no respite in the fight against terrorists
The Hillsborough disaster took place on 15 April 1989. More than 53,000 fans from Liverpool and Nottingham Forest travelled to the ground. Liverpool fans were allocated the smaller end of the stadium, Leppings Lane. The inquest heard there was no system to ensure fans were evenly distributed.
John McIlwaine grew up in Portadown, County Armagh, but worked at the University of Bradford. He was in charge of the team that recovered the remains of Danny McIlhone in 2008 and Charlie Armstrong in 2010. Mr Armstrong's daughter Anna McShane recognised his
Campaign group Bassetlaw Against Fracking said the drilling operation would be "devastating" for wildlife. Nottinghamshire County Council said the application did not include proposals for hydraulic fracturing - better known as fracking. IGas plans to develop one vertical exploratory shale gas well, drilling for about
Laith Atiga, 10 months, was crawling at his grandmother's home when he started coughing. His mother, Jude, took him to hospital, where he was diagnosed with tonsillitis. X-rays came back clear, but Laith regurgitated food in chewed form.
Grammy-award winner was due to perform on Wednesday in Kuala Lumpur. Muslim-majority Malaysia has previously warned other international artists to dress modestly for their concerts. Tattoos are forbidden in Islam and using the word "Allah" in a way deemed disrespectful offends many Muslims.
Kemp's ridley turtle found on beaches near Formby, Merseyside, and Walney Island, Cumbria. One of the turtles died soon after, but the other was being looked after at the Lake District Coast Aquarium. The turtles were believed to be from the Gulf
Heather Knight has led Hobart Hurricanes, Western Storm and Berkshire in the past 12 months. Knight has also captained England in the Women's Big Bash League. England's 2016 fixtures have completed, and Knight is heading to Australia. She is looking forward to the ICC Women's World
Wigan sign Tomkins from Saracens for an undisclosed fee. The 27-year-old played three Tests for England rugby union side in 2013. Tomkins made his Wigan Warriors debut as an 18 year old in 2010. His brother Sam swapped Wigan for NRL side New
The 21-year-old had a loan spell with Barnsley in 2015. Wildsmith has made 18 appearances for the Owls in all competitions. He is a product of the club's academy.
Cook scored 25 goals in the National League last season. The 25-year-old helped the Bluebirds to a mid-table finish. He returned to Holker Street after a stint at Grimsby in July 2014.
Hampshire lead Lancashire by 465 runs in their second innings. Luke Procter makes 137, his highest first-class score. Alviro Petersen makes 81 in total of 465, a first-innings lead of 347. Jimmy Adams falls to Jimmy Anderson early in
England beat Australia 44-40 in the third Test in Sydney to complete series whitewash. Eddie Jones' side had never won a series in Australia before beating Australia 3-0. England fly-half Owen Farrell kicked 24 points in Saturday's victory.
The cub will be the first giant panda to be born in Hong Kong. Earlier this year, 10-year-old Ying Ying mated naturally and was artificially inseminated. Panda reproduction is a notoriously difficult process, with females only ovulating once a year.
Dozens of people remain in critical condition after the fire at a nightclub in Bucharest. The Colectiv club was hosting a free rock concert by the band Goodbye to Gravity. Survivors say fireworks caused the ceiling and a pillar to catch fire and produce heavy smoke. Romania
Jonathan Baines, 44, was found dead at a house in Gainsborough in August. Pamela McLaggan, 51, denied murder but pleaded guilty to manslaughter. She was remanded in custody at Lincoln Crown Court ahead of sentencing.
Ayla Ellison was born at Furness General Hospital, Barrow, Cumbria, in April 2007. She suffered severe brain damage and is now totally immobile and dependent on a tube. Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust admitted staff negligence at London's High Court. It
Leicester City Council had not carried out a "robust risk assessment" of the boy's great-great-uncle. Judge said the nine-year-old had a "complex" home life and should be placed in foster care. Council spokesman said the child has already been moved to
Joanna Michael, 25, was stabbed 72 times by Cyron Williams in 2009. South Wales and Gwent Police failed to respond to her 999 call in 22 minutes. Ms Michael's family won the right to bring a claim for damages in 2011. But the Court of Appeal threw out the
Belgium's Privacy Protection Commission accuses Facebook of dodging questions from European regulators. Internet users urged to install privacy software to stop Facebook tracking them. Facebook says it complies with data protection law and questions watchdog's authority.
Downton Abbey will return for a sixth series next year. Producers have yet to confirm the full cast. Hugh Bonneville said Kim Kardashian and Kanye West are fans of the show.
Hammond dismissed reports of angry rows between the two as 'tittle tattle' He jokingly admitted he sometimes swore as he tried to play down reports of rows. Mrs May said she and Mr Hammond were 'focused on 8 June' They were speaking at a press conference to attack
Community Health Councils (CHCs) have been going for 40 years. Watchdogs want higher profiles as bodies which can raise concerns about the NHS. They admit public awareness is "poor" and a "real weakness"
HBO says it has "enormous respect" for the show's creators and cast. The series told of a charismatic record executive trying to revive his struggling label in the 1970s. Its ensemble cast included Bobby Cannavale, Olivia Wilde and Sir Mick and Scorsese.
Childline Northern Ireland had 349 counselling sessions with children at risk of suicide in 2015/16. Callers considered most at risk were aged between 12 and 15 years old. Number of calls from suicidal children almost doubled from the total five years ago. Figures show youngsters plagued by suicidal thoughts
The new boathouse will replace the existing building on Foreshore Road in Scarborough. The RNLI said building work will begin in autumn and take a year to finish. It will be home to a new £2m Shannon class lifeboat to replace the Mersey class.
Phelps was excluded from the World Championships by USA Swimming after a drink-drive conviction. The 30-year-old won in one minute 54.75 seconds in Texas. Phelps also recorded the year's fastest times to win the 100m and 200m butterfly.
Match abandoned after 45 minutes after firecracker thrown from the stands. Gauthier Hein had given Metz a 28th-minute lead. Portugal international Lopes received treatment and was lying on the ground. Lyon said Lopes had been taken to hospital for examination.
Man, 23, is being questioned on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Two men, both aged 22, died at the scene of the crash on the A500 at Cliffe Vale, Staffordshire. Part of the southbound carriageway was closed for seven hours after the
Lothians MSP Margo MacDonald outlined her Assisted Suicide Bill in Edinburgh. Scottish government has said it does not support a change in the law. It is still unclear whether there is majority backing for the measure among MSPs. Critics have said it could see Scotland becoming
First time in the history of professional baseball that fans had been locked out of a game. The game at Camden Yards started at 14:05 EDT due to the city's 22:00 curfew. Among the few able to witness the match were those who had paid for balcony rooms in the nearby
Germany, Australia, Nepal and Pakistan now offer a third gender option on official forms. Scientists are finding more evidence to suggest that even biological sex is a spectrum. Do we need to re-imagine our binary world and rethink one of the most basic parts of our identity?
Switzerland is not a member of the EU, but has adopted large sections of EU policy. In 2013, 80,000 immigrants joined Switzerland's population of eight million. Polls show the referendum on free movement is likely to be very close.
The Wales Air Ambulance and three road ambulances attended the crash at Pandy. The main road between Abergavenny and Hereford was shut in both directions. It is expected to reopen on Thursday evening.
Ferguson Shipbuilders went into administration with the loss of 70 jobs. The company had been chosen by KPMG as preferred bidders last month. Mr McColl has promised to upgrade facilities at the Port Glasgow yard.
Ravenscraig steelworks in central Scotland closed in 1992 after a 12-year battle. Workers were given compensation and retrained, but promised regeneration never came. Today it is largely a wasteland, the biggest brownfield site in Europe. There were ambitious plans for the biggest new town
Michael Coe, 35, saw the two 16-year-olds hugging in the street in Newham, east London. He demanded to know if they were Muslims and called the girl a "whore" before throwing boy to ground. Coe also attacked a passing teacher who had tried
Those aged 60 and over are fastest growing population in English and Welsh prisons. Those aged 50-59 are the second fastest-growing group, says the report. Government said it was "committed to providing suitable facilities" for older prisoners.
Incident happened on the Whiterock Road at about 15:00 GMT on Friday. Police said it was witnessed by people waiting to pick up prescriptions, including children. Man has been charged with two counts of criminal damage, disorderly behaviour and of assault on police.
Rescue workers used diggers to remove rubble overnight on Wednesday. More than 200 buildings were either seriously damaged or toppled in the earthquake. The Pidie Jaya region, on the north Aceh coast, was the hardest hit.
Antrim ease relegation worries with 1-10 to 0-11 win against Laois. Armagh defender Aidan Forker and Louth's Anthony Williams were sent-off early in the game. Ciaran McKeever and Rowland helped Armagh to a 2-5 to
Clotilde Nonnez, 56, says she has lived in Paris for 30 years and seen her health deteriorate. Her lawyer says air pollution is causing 48,000 French deaths per year. Paris has struggled for years to combat high levels of smog.
Germany beaten 2-1 by Denmark in World Cup quarter-final in Rotterdam. Isabel Kerschowski and Nadia Nadim scored early goals for Germany. Denmark equalised after half-time through Theresa Nielsen's header. Austria beat Spain in a penalty shootout to
Lib Dem leader refused to say if he believed homosexual sex was a sin on the Andrew Marr Show. But he said he was "passionate about LGBT-plus rights" and defending equal marriage would be 'at the top of my agenda' He also said he wanted to extend the
Max Schrems wants the court to order the Irish Data Protection Commissioner to audit Facebook to see what material it passes on to the US authorities. The privacy watchdog had previously said the transfers were protected under the Safe Harbour trade agreement. A fortnight ago the European Court of Justice ruled the pact invalid.
Robinson has signed a new four-year contract at Loftus Road. The 36-year-old defender has made 119 appearances for the Blues. He has not played since being sent off at Bournemouth on 6 April. Rowett says Robinson is an "influential person
British Pest Control Association described them as 'aggressive' products. It has recently attended nine properties in areas including Poole and Bournemouth. The service said neighbours were not warned before the devices were set off.
Poland's chief forester Konrad Tomaszewski called it 'undoubtedly the worst disaster in the history of Polish - and perhaps even European - forestry' The storms brought down over eight million cubic metres of lumber across 45,000 hectares of forest. Thousands of homes were also damaged.
Delhi department is funding redundancies for 212 staff who have already applied to leave. It has told a further 285 staff they can leave during the year. Those taking redundancy include lecturers and college support staff. If all the staff go that will reduce the further education workforce in Northern Ireland
Arbroath moved into third with a comfortable 4-0 victory over Clyde. Stirling Albion moved up to seventh with a 3-2 win at second-placed Elgin City. Edinburgh City snatched all three points in their game against Annan thanks to Ryan Porteous' late header
Gerry McGowan, Michael Toner, Stephen Crumlish and Gerard Kelly were all teenagers when they were accused of killing Lt Steven Kirby in 1979. The so-called Derry Four fled Northern Ireland until their acquittal in 1998. They are now involved in a civil case against the police for
Local Government Association says 91% of council maintained schools are rated good or outstanding by Ofsted. Ministers say there is no legal frame for council schools to be sponsors. Councils want to be 'improvement partners, not obstructionists'
Statins reduce the build-up of fatty plaques that lead to blockages in blood vessels. Review looked at the available evidence for the effects of taking an average 40mg daily dose of statins in 10,000 patients over five years. Royal College of GPs and British Heart Foundation
Andreas Mogensen, Aidyn Aimbetov and Andreas Mogensen return to Earth after less than 10 days in orbit. Mogensen: "This is a superb example of what can be achieved together when we work together"
Romania beat China 44-38 to claim bronze in the team epee. Russia beat Estonia 37-31 to claim their sixth bronze of the Games. China were champions in London four years ago.
Theresa May says she will 'take into account' drivers encouraged to buy diesel cars. Gordon Brown introduced a lower vehicle tax in 2001 to encourage diesel car purchases. Diesel cars are thought to emit dangerous levels of nitrogen dioxide, which is thought to have caused thousands of premature deaths in the
Dundee have signed seven new players in recent weeks. Scott Allan, Sofien Moussa, Glen Kamara, Jack Hendry, Randy Wolters, Roarie Deacon and Rory Loy. McCann says recruitment is "top of the list of priorities" for any manager.
Olympic chief admits there are 'deficiencies' in the current anti-doping system. Bach is considering a request to appear at a hearing of a US Congressional committee. The German says he has no regrets over his handling of the Russian doping crisis.
Faull was part of the famous British and Irish Lions side who beat New Zealand in Auckland in 1959. He made 12 appearances for Wales and played in four of the six Tests in the 1959 Lions tour. John was also the son of former international referee and former president of the Welsh Rugby Union,
Schedule castes and tribes, most disadvantaged groups in Hinduism's hierarchy, owned very little businesses. Despite decade of sprightly economic growth and a long history of affirmative action, they still under-represented in ownership of businesses, say researchers. Lakshmi Iyer, Tar
Woods returns to action after back surgery in December. The 40-year-old twice had back surgery during 15 months out. Woods begins his 2017 season at the Farmers Insurance Open in San Diego on Thursday.
A 56-year-old man is in a stable condition in hospital after being shot in the leg. The woman who answered the door said she was waiting for her grandson to come over. She said the man said there were lots of children in the area and asked her to call an ambulance
Roger Thomas Clark is said to have been key adviser for Silk Road creator. US Department of Justice alleges he advised Ross Ulbricht on how to run the site. Mr Clark was paid "at least hundreds of thousands of dollars" for advice, DoJ says. Extradition proceedings
Jordan Slew puts Plymouth Argyle ahead after 14 minutes. Ashley Hemmings equalises for Mansfield on 58 minutes from close range. David Fox puts Pilgrims ahead from 18 yards after Jordan Slew feeds Matt Green.
England return to Twickenham for the 10th and final leg of the series. South Africa are 25 points clear at the top of the standings with two tournaments to play. This weekend, the series welcomes newly qualified Spain, who will compete as a core side on the tour next season.
Hibs were relegated from the Scottish Championship at the end of the season. The Edinburgh club won the Scottish Cup for the first time in 114 years in May. Neil Lennon's side are favourites to win promotion back to the Scottish Premiership. Former players Michael Stewart, Craig Paterson and
42-year-old man discovered in wetland at Medmerry Nature Reserve, in Earnley. Incident took place in Selsey area at about 17:00 GMT on Tuesday. Sussex Police said the Air Accidents Investigation Branch and British Hang Gliding Association have been informed.
Cardiff have conceded 30% of their goals between 80-90 minutes this season. The Bluebirds have lost their last three games in all competitions. Only bottom-club Rotherham have conceded more goals in the last 10 minutes than Cardiff.
Zambia take on Germany in Jeju, South Korea, on Wednesday. Chambeshi was part of Zambia's Olympic squad thrashed 4-0 by Germany during the 1988 Games. He said revenge was not his main motivation but getting the result to see them through.
US sanctions freeze the US assets of those affected, and stop US entities from doing business with them. Those targeted include the interior minister and the head of the army. The vote, which Venezuela says will proceed as planned, is to choose the 545 members of a new constituent assembly. A
Yulia Tymoshenko reportedly called off a prison hunger strike. She had reportedly begun the hunger strike on 25 November. Thousands of anti-Yanukovych protesters remain outside the government building.
More than 350 Roma people had lived in the camp on La Petite Ceinture since mid-2015. Activists said many left early ahead of the police action. France has one of Europe's toughest policies towards Roma.
Hythe Ferry runs between Hythe and Southampton, serviced by a train which runs along a pier. Its current operator said numbers using the ferry had been falling. More than 9,000 people have signed a petition calling for the service to be saved.
Corran Powell, 21, died following the collision in Braintree, Essex, in December 2014. His family is raising money to buy a particular area of land on which he dreamed about running outdoor survival courses for disadvantaged young people. The centre would also be used as a venue for new
Syd's Garden will open in the grounds of Addenbrooke's Hospital in Cambridge in 2018. It will be designed by sculptor Stephen Pyle and Paul Herrington, a garden designer. Barrett, a founder member of Pink Floyd, died in 2006 after living locally as a
Davao mayor said missionary was so beautiful that "the mayor should have been first" Supporters dismissed the comments as a joke. Critics say it shows Mr Dietario is unfit for the office of president. He is known for his irreverent speeches and boasts of sexual
Ex-Tory leader says Parliament must ratify whatever deal is reached by negotiators. Sir John Major said the 'tyranny of the majority' should not apply in this democracy. Vote Leave campaigner Bernard Jenkin dismissed talk of a second referendum as 'absolute rubbish' Nick Clegg
Paolo Ferla won the competition taking a picture of the Clifton Suspension Bridge. The images were all taken from midday-to-midday on 16 and 17 April. Entrants were randomly allocated one hour of the day or night in which they must take at least one photograph
Ofqual says there were more than 572,000 queries over grades - an increase of 27%. Number of grades changed after re-marking has almost doubled in three years. Ofqual is launching a consultation to overhaul the appeals system.
Boeing made 748 commercial aircraft deliveries, down from 762 in 2015. It also delivered fewer military planes, while sales in the division slipped 7%. But overall group earnings surged 59% in the fourth quarter of the year.
Holly Nixon and her GB team-mates were fifth in the quadruple sculls final. Alan Campbell was third in the B single scull final after suffering from hay fever. Gary and Paul O'Donovan from County Cork rowed through leaders Norway in the men's lightweight double
Australia had a first-innings lead of 155 runs after bowling India out for 105. The tourists scored 285 in the second innings, setting India a record target of 441 to win. India were all out for 107 as they lost inside three days, with Steve O'Keefe taking 6-
Daphne Koller, president of Coursera, says technology is available but universities are hesitant. Online courses have mostly offered certificates for short courses rather than full degrees. Prof Koller says next stage for online learning will be leading universities offering full degree courses. She says webc
Jockey James Best edged ahead on the Neil Mulholland-trained seven-year-old. Last year's winner Theatre Guide had to settle for third, with Double Shuffle finishing second.
Travellers are closely connected to Irish settled people. DNA samples from 42 Irish Travellers were compared with that of 2,232 settled Irish, 2,039 British, 5,964 European and 931 individuals from the rest of the world.
The stretch of road on the A890 was closed following rock falls last month. Highland Council said work to stabilise rock will continue over next two to three weeks.
Ronald Kidd, 40, and Holly Alexander, 37, were found dead at a tenement in Dundee. The bodies were discovered at a property in Rosefield Street, in the city's west end. A man is expected to appear at Dundee Sheriff Court on Wednesday. Police
Triathlete Benson finished ahead of Portugal's Joao Silva and Azerbaijan's Rostyslav Pevtsov. The 21-year-old's success also guaranteed Britain a berth in the event at the Rio 2016 Olympics. Triathlon is one of three sports included in Baku 2015 which have
The museum closed last October to allow work to upgrade the building. About half of the project's £66m cost is being funded by the council. Sir William Burrell collection consists of more than 8,000 artefacts.
Swindale Beck, near Haweswater, was straightened to clear land for grazing. The resultant faster flows washed gravel away, making it less easy for salmon and trout to spawn. In December, 16 salmon were spotted, along with five redds - disturbed gravel where eggs had been laid.
Most of the 152 people killed in the crash were French citizens visiting relatives in the Comoros. There was just one survivor - a teenage girl who was rescued from the sea. Yemenia has previously said that bad weather was the more likely cause of the crash.
Louisiana governor said a number of Republicans had "damaged the brand" Jindal is a likely contender for his party's presidential nomination in 2016. He rejects Mr Romney's contention that 47% of voters were out of reach for Republicans. But he doesn't say how Republicans can reach
Marta has signed a two-year contract with an option of a third. The 31-year-old Brazil forward has been playing in Sweden for FC Rosengard. Marta won five consecutive world player of the year titles from 2006-2010.
Edinburgh South MP Jim Murray holds seat with 26,269 votes, SNP 10,755 votes. His majority increased significantly from 2,637 two years ago to 15,514. Across the capital, the SNP held three seats - Edinburgh South West, North and Leith and East.
Frayssinous, 40, is a former Catalans and France stand-off. He became the first French coach of the club when he replaced Trent Robinson in 2012. Jerome Guisset and Michael Monaghan will take charge of the first team.
Gabriella was born first, with Jacques arriving two minutes later. Their father is Prince Albert II, 56, son of the late Grace Kelly. Prince Jacques is next in line to the Monaco throne.
One in five women between 16-59 in England and Wales has experienced some form of sexual violence. Co-run by Barts Health NHS Trust in London, the scheme could be introduced in other UK hospitals. It will provide extra antenatal support with specially-trained midwives, psychologists and
Paralympic star Smyth faded after 50m as he finished fifth in 10.66 seconds. Foster's time of 11.62 seconds earned automatic qualification as she finished second in her first-round heat. Birchfield Harrier Reid won European Junior Championship 200m silver last year
Right-wing demonstrators clashed with anti-fascist demonstrators in Maidstone. Smoke bombs were let off and bricks thrown as police turned out in force to oversee march. Police said it seized more than 20 weapons including a knuckle duster. Counter-demonstrators included members of Kent
Liberal Democrat chief secretary to the treasury aims to introduce new offence. Wants firms that fail to act to prevent economic crime to face same penalties as evaders. Proposed crackdown comes in the wake of HSBC tax-dodging allegations. HSBC allegedly helped hundreds of people evade UK
South African currency, the rand, which has halved over the past five years, fell after the speech. It dropped 2.25% to make one rand worth around $0.0639. Pravin Gordhan unveiled government spending cuts, a civil service job freeze and some moderate
Douglas Carswell says UKIP needs to get its "tone" right in order to attract voters. Comes after Carswell said Nigel Farage "needs to take a break now" as leader of UKIP. UKIP has been beset by wrangling since Mr Farage agreed to stay on as
80,000 works of art, ceramics, manuscripts, letters and photographs faced being auctioned. Public fundraising campaign launched in September hit its target in just a month. Collection will remain on display at the museum in Barlaston, Staffordshire.
Saudi Arabia was established in 1932 by King Abd-al-Aziz and he has been succeeded by various sons. King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud ascended the throne in January 2015 following the death of his half-brother, King Abdullah. He has been part of the ruling
NSPCC's Childline service said it counselled more than 4,500 children in the past year compared to about 2,400 in 2011-12. The total number suffering online abuse is thought to be far higher. Some children as young as seven told Childline how they were tormented
Girl was forced into a dark coloured vehicle in Bishop's Stortford, Hertfordshire. She was taken to an unknown location, believed to be outside the county, and sexually assaulted. Police said the attack had caused "concern within the community" An E-fit image of
Cygnets and their mother had become a familiar sight around Lisnarick, near Irvinestown. Pat Masterson, who lives nearby, photographed the swans shortly before they were killed. She said: "I still can't believe that they were run over so soon after"
Punch Taverns halted its plans for The Corn Exchange, in Crickhowell, in May. Villagers launched their own bid to buy the building after protests. About 180 people will become joint-owners after it is signed. Plan is to set up a new company, Corn
PM David Cameron has called for a return to the "competitive ethos" in school sport. PM said the problem was not money and suggested some teachers were not "playing their part" But what do those in grassroots sport believe are the key ingredients for success? Millfield School director Graeme
Gonorrhoea infections rose by 53% from 26,880 to 41,193 between 2012 and 2015. Rise was notable among men who have sex with men. At the same time, rates of genital warts decreased, thanks to vaccination campaign. But experts say this
Belgium's Gianni Meersman sprinted to victory. Darwin Atapuma retained his overall lead despite being caught behind. Team Sky's Chris Froome is aiming to become the first man in 38 years to win the Vuelta and Tour de France in the same season.
Vine said he too had been attacked as a 15-year-old. He encouraged the boy not to try to be tough like his attackers. Said there was "no shame" in reading poetry and listening to "our favourite bands"
Co-operative housing accounts for less than 1% of UK homes. In Estonia, nearly 10,000 co-operative organisations own 60% of the country's houses. One in five homes in Sweden and Poland are co-operatives.
Nats Prestwick expects to handle more than 250,000 flights during the peak holiday season. Company has announced Â£600m investment in a new computer system. But it says government support is needed to improve the network of "ageing" flightpaths.
Hewlett Packard Enterprise splitting from printer and PC business. Company says the cuts will save $2.7bn (Â£1.76bn) in annual costs. It follows 55,000 job cuts announced earlier this year.
Kris Doolan scores both goals as Partick Thistle beat Motherwell 1-0. Jags move seven points clear of Kilmarnock at the top of the Scottish Premiership. Motherwell remain rooted to the bottom of the table on goal difference.
Medics spent 32,000 hours waiting at A&E departments in 2015-16 compared with 16,000 in 2014-15. Yorkshire Ambulance Service said waiting time was 'one of the most significant issues' Just five hospitals accounted for about 70% of the total waiting time
Kerry Reeves died two days after being shot in Abingdon on 3 November. Billy Johnson, 20, and Charles Noble, 20 have both been charged with her murder. They appeared at Oxford Magistrates' Court and will next appear at Oxford Crown Court on Monday.
Hogwood died at his home in Cambridge after an illness lasting several months. He founded the Academy of Ancient Music in 1973 and directed the academy for 30 years. Among his most famous recordings include the 1980 version of Handel's Messiah.
Staff found the cub, who they named Hajar, in her cage on Saturday. They are now waiting to see whether Dana will give birth to a second cub. Dana was transported to the Al-Mawa reserve via Turkey along with four other lions, two bears and two tigers.
Chancellor to set out more details of the UK's bid to renegotiate its EU membership. David Cameron has already courted support from Chancellor Angela Merkel. Mr Osborne will also visit a Siemens factory in the German capital.
OM Manganese found guilty of desecrating a sacred site in Australia. The company was fined A$150,000 ($134,000; Â£88,000) The site is known as Two Women Sitting Down and is at Bootu Creek, north of Tennant Creek
Retail consultants reveal how shops will be trying to drive sales on Black Friday. "An atmosphere of frenzy and anticipation" is the aim, says Retail Management Consultants' James Logie. Many deals will be for 24 hours only, to create a sense of urgency. Retailers will
K Prithika Yashini was born male but underwent gender reassignment surgery. She applied to become a police sub-inspector in Tamil Nadu. The state police board did not recognise a third gender, leading her to pursue a legal case. A court in Chennai has now ruled in
All-Ireland Senior Football and Hurling Finals to be moved forward two weeks. Inter-county minor grade should be changed from U18 to U17. Duffy also says the club championship should be played in the calendar year. The director general says that the U21 football series
Incident happened near Dr Gray's Hospital shortly after 10:00. Man taken to hospital with serious but not life-threatening injuries. A96 was closed for several hours, but has since reopened.
Open Bionics says its device can be made faster and more cheaply than current alternatives. It intends to launch a service next year that will 3D-scan amputees and then build and fit them with a custom-fitted socket and hand for about Â£2,000.
Celtic were unable to reach the Champions League group stage this term. Norwegian led the club to two titles and a League Cup win. Lustig feels it would be "a little bit harsh" to regard Deila's reign as a failure.
Manchester City face Real Madrid in Champions League semi-final second leg. Tottenham lost 4-0 at Bernabeu in quarter-finals in 2011 but were not afraid. Manuel Pellegrini's side have more Champions League experience than that Tottenham team. City will have to
Saunders has left Wrexham after three years to succeed Sean O'Driscoll at Doncaster Rovers. Morrell will be in charge for Saturday's Blue Square Bet Premier game at Grimsby. Doncaster-born Morrell is in his second spell at the Racecourse after being
A year on from the EU referendum, the pound is still around 16% lower against the dollar. The weakness has lured over a flock of international tourists hungry for high-end brands. Many of the world's most famous brands have raised their UK prices to make sure what they sold cost broadly
Thousands of border agency workers are expected to strike on 30 November. Ministers fear there could be major disruption for travellers, so volunteers are being asked to step in. PCS Union chief Mark Serwotka said ministers were in a "blind panic" and should be resolving the dispute.
Kenya's Hellen Onsando Obiri wins gold in the women's 5,000m. Eilish McColgan finishes 13th in 15:12.09. Olympic record holder Cheruiyot set an Olympic record time of 14 minutes 26.17 seconds
Daniel Timbers, 29, and Barry Joy, 56, were working at Harford Attachments. Their bodies were removed from the site on Tuesday afternoon. Forensic search has been carried out at the company, which makes buckets.
Only a small amount of aid was delivered on Wednesday to Darayya near Damascus. The UN Security Council will meet on Friday to discuss the air drops. US and UK call on Russia and Iran, which back the Syrian government, to use their influence. UN believes there are more than
Social Mobility and Child Poverty Commission says firms draw from a small pool of graduates, who probably went to private or selective schools. This version of talent can be "mapped to middle-class status", it adds. Report was based on interviews with staff from 13 elite accountancy, law and financial
Brighton and Hove Albion midfielder is eligible for Saturday's FA Cup third-round match against Northampton Town. The 21-year-old played five games on loan at Karl Robinson's Championship strugglers earlier this campaign. He has made 82 appearances for Brighton, scoring four goals in the
The lawsuit was filed by Armstrong's former team-mate Floyd Landis. Armstrong was stripped of his seven Tour de France titles and banned for life in 2012. The 45-year-old won the seven titles between 1999 and 2005.
The Northern Ireland Rare Disease Partnership aims to give sufferers an independent voice. The group, created with the Patient Client Council, aims to improve treatment and care for those affected by rare diseases. Jane Stewart is one woman who hopes that the new partnership will help families like hers.
Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier are charged with attempted first-degree intentional murder. Their lawyers failed to get the case heard by a juvenile court. The victim, 12 at the time, was stabbed 19 times but survived. She was found by a cyclist crawling from the woods
The final section of the $3.8bn pipeline is being built under a North Dakota reservoir. The Standing Rock and Cheyenne River Sioux tribes have filed a lawsuit against the pipeline. They say it endangers their drinking water and will damage sacred burial sites. When complete, the pipeline
Gordon Bajnai is leader of Together 2014, a centrist opposition movement. He is running in these elections as part of an uneasy coalition of leftist, liberal and green parties. His last hope is that the many people fed up with Mr Orban will find just enough in the opposition programme to
A trailer was taken from Burton's Foods Ltd in Cwmbran, Torfaen on 17 June. Two men, from Liverpool and Cheshire, had been charged with theft. A third man will appear in court in relation to the alleged theft on Friday.
10-year-old son of Crown Prince Frederik was saved by a lifeguard on the Gold Coast. He was reportedly pulled from the surf at Mermaid Beach after being caught in a rip current. Danish officials played down the incident on Monday, insisting the prince was at no point in danger.
Boris Johnson says the EU will only allow bananas to be sold in bunches of two or three. Reality Check verdict: There is no such rule - we popped out and bought a bunch of five without difficulty. If you are a wholesaler, you are not allowed to pack bananas
GreyOrange is a multi-national robotics company based in India. It has built India's first humanoid robot, Acyut, and entered kung fu and robot football championships. The company's focus is on e-commerce and warehouse automation. GreyOrange has two robots to help warehouses
Militants had been converging on camp in remote Somali village, resident says. Al-Shabab recruits had been arriving from around Somalia since last week. US said strike was aimed at preventing a "large-scale attack" by the al-Qaeda-linked militants. Sp
The 1920s window at St Paul's Church in Grangetown, Cardiff, depicts air, sea and land battles. Church says the masonry around the window must be replaced. Repairs could cost tens of thousands of pounds.
A car hit two brick walls and ended up across gardens near The Delves in Walsall. A man died at the scene and a woman was taken to hospital with arm and leg injuries.
Pupils aged 11 will be expected to know their tables up to 12x12. They will be tested using an "on-screen check" which will score instantly. The checks will be piloted to about 3,000 pupils in 80 primary schools.
British Gymnastics to investigate video of Smith laughing while Luke Carson mimics Islamic prayer practices. The 27-year-old has already been censured twice this year by the governing body. He was reprimanded in April for questioning the judging at the British Championships.
Five people are among 19,000 who receive money from the ILF, which will be axed. The scheme aids independent living and the average pay-out is £300 a week. Lawyers had asked court to declare "unlawful" the consultation process that led to the proposed
G4S provides healthcare for the UK's Yarl's Wood immigration detention centre. Emerging markets' revenue rose 5.7% to £1.18bn but UK revenue fell by 3.2%. Its operations span 110 countries and it employs 611,000 staff.
Argenis Hernandez was shot in the stomach on Friday in Valencia and later died in hospital. Bus driver Wilfredo Rey died after being shot by a group of hooded gunmen in San Cristobal. At least 33 people have now been killed during weeks of protests over high inflation.
Airbus has not had an A380 order for two years. Deliveries of the double-decker will now fall from 15 this year to 12 in 2018 and eight in 2019. Airbus posted second-quarter operating profits which fell 27% to 859m euros (Â£765
Helena Morrissey, chief executive of Newton Asset Management, says the EU is no longer fit for purpose. Richard Reed, co-founder of Innocent Drinks says the UK gets more out of the EU than it thinks. He says 50% of sales are into the EU, whereas 85
About 70 people were injured and many are feared trapped beneath the seven-storey bloc in Thane. Police say the builder of the high rise used sub-standard construction material. A search for survivors is continuing. Building collapses are common with poor construction practices often blamed.
BlackRock has 13,000 employees globally and manages around $4.6tn in assets. The last time it cut a significant number of jobs was in 2013. Franklin Resources, AllianceBernstein and State Street are also shedding jobs as part of cost-cutting efforts.
Soccer Icon USA organise soccer scholarships at US colleges for young British footballers. Getting a scholarship means the college pays some, or all, of the student's tuition fees and costs. According to the Fulbright Commission, almost 11,000 British students were at American colleges in the past academic
Vitaly Mutko says Russia has done everything asked of it to meet IAAF anti-doping standards. Sports minister claims country has made 'considerable progress' but'significant work to be done' Russia's athletics federation was suspended by the sport's world governing body in November.
Crematorium staff wrongly used ashes in un-witnessed scattering in front of family. They tried to cover it up by using another person's ashes for the ceremony. Two workers have lost their jobs and Dignity, which runs the crematorium, has apologised.
The keynote MacTaggart Lecture will be given by the director general of the BBC, Mark Thompson. James Murdoch last year launched an outspoken attack on the corporation. He called its "dominant" scale 'chilling' and said it should be 'far, far smaller'
Dispute is over a new contract due to be introduced in August 2016. Critics say it could mean 15% pay cuts with "normal hours" re-classed. Jeremy Hunt has offered the BMA junior doctors' leaders the opportunity to meet this week to see if they can find a solution
Alex D'Acol headed the hosts ahead early on from Ali Crawford's corner. Inverness had the chance to equalise after Darian MacKinnon fouled Billy Mckay in the box. Grant Gillespie converted Rakish Bingham's pass to double Accies' lead.
Culture Secretary Karen Bradley said money would be a legacy from next year's Great Exhibition Of The North, to be held in Newcastle and Gateshead. It comes after the government scrapped projects in the north and then backed a £30bn Crossrail 2 scheme for London. Towns and cities across
Serena Williams won her 23rd Grand Slam without dropping a set at the Australian Open. It is the first time a woman has ever won a Grand Slam at eight weeks pregnant. Dr Markos Klonizakis says the triumph at that stage of pregnancy is 'amazing'
Raids targeted two mafia crime families, the Gambino of New York and the Ndrangheta from Calabria. Police said the two-year investigation prevented the delivery of hundreds of kilograms of cocaine hidden in coconuts and pineapples.
The "indigenisation law" has been blamed for choking off investment. It has never been fully implemented and Mr Mugabe has previously said many sectors are exempt. The IMF has criticised the law for contributing to the collapse of the economy.
New code says statutory searches must be "necessary, proportionate and in accordance with the law" There is specific guidance on dealing with children and vulnerable adults. Non-statutory or "consensual" stop-and-searches are now banned entirely. Justice Secretary Michael Mathes
Jenny Stephen expected BT to connect her home to a telegraph pole visible from her window at a holiday village in Corton, Suffolk. But BT quoted her a price of £18,799 plus VAT, saying it was due to the "huge" civil engineering task of laying 400m of underground cables
Alex Salmond has had an extraordinary 20 year career at the head of Scotland's independence movement. He defied the odds at every stage of his career, conjuring impossible victories at the ballot box. So what was it about the ebullient, quick-witted former economist that made him
Hilfiger originally said Hadid was dressed in a poncho because she wasn't thin enough. He said he wanted her to be dressed in something which showed off her figure. The designer has now said the original story was misleading. Hadid's appearance in the pon
Casey Kasem's children are suing stepmother Jean Kasem for elder abuse. They claim she moved him from Santa Monica to Washington without telling them. She also had him buried in an unmarked grave in Norway despite his wishes to be laid to rest in Los Angeles. Kasem
Mr Shprygin had been expelled on Saturday, a week after fan violence marred Euro 2016. But he returned overland via Spain, and was arrested at the match in Toulouse on Monday. He is reported to hold far-right views and his All-Russia Supporters'
Mr Jammeh is not the first leader accused of lining his own pockets with state funds. In fact, many have taken far more. Here are some of the worst offenders.
Tory MPs accuse EU leaders of'standing in the way' of a deal on British expats. EU Council president Donald Tusk says there can be no "reciprocal" deal until talks begin. Theresa May said it was 'absolutely right' not to have acted unilaterally.
Stefan Scepovic scores second after John Guidetti free-kick after Pascali is sent off. Celtic move up to fourth in the Scottish Premiership, overtaking Kilmarnock in the process. Pascali was sent off for a professional foul on Sce
Steven Maclean puts St Johnstone ahead five minutes before half-time. Inverness CT striker Larnell Cole sent off after he confronts referee. Liam Craig and Graham Cummins seal win for Tommy Wright's side. Saints close gap on third-placed Rangers to three
England beat Australia, Wales and Fiji to finish second in Group B. England take on Scotland in the quarter-finals while Fiji face France. South Africa will face Argentina in the last eight after winning all of their pool matches. Rugby sevens will feature for the first time at
Captcha checks are designed to stop automated bots accessing and using websites. Google's new system tracks how a person interacts with a website to prove they are real. The puzzles also benefit companies such as Google by helping train artificial intelligence algorithms.
County Londonderry man Smyth, 25, is continuing his preparations for the Paralympics in London where he will defend his T13 100m and 200m titles. Smyth's 100m personal best of 10.22 set last year was only four one-hundredths
Police called to party at Stapleford Abbotts Golf Club, near Epping, Essex, on Tuesday night. Officers posted photos of themselves removing the cakes, which they said were "donated" Golf club assistant manager said "about 100 Irish Gypsies" turned up to
Committee chair David Davies says Wales will need to focus on international trade opportunities. He concedes there could be short-term "additional marketing opportunities" for tourism. There are no changes planned to the Wales Bill other than those he has signalled at committee stage.
The business was owned by John and Karen Blisard and began operating in 2007. It now has five branches: two in Belfast, two in Dublin and one in Galway. The firm's last set of accounts suggest it made a profit of Â£300,000 in 2014.
TalkTalk website was hit by a "significant" hacking attack last week. At most 1.2 million email addresses, names and phone numbers were accessed. Police have arrested four people in connection with the attack.
Russian President Vladimir Putin said the Su-24 was hit by air-to-air missiles fired by Turkish F-16s. But Turkish military officials said the plane was engaged after being warned that it was violating Turkish airspace. Mr Putin described the incident as a "stab in the back"
IS commander in Falluja, Maher Al-Bilawi, killed in bombardments. More than 20 strikes have been carried out in the past four days, destroying IS positions. 50,000 civilians remain trapped in the city and have been told via leaflet drops to avoid IS areas
Cazorla has not played since mid-October after injuring his Achilles in Champions League win over Ludogorets. Arsenal say his problem "had not progressed" and he will travel to Sweden next week for surgery. Spain international missed seven months of last season with a knee injury.
Harrington won the Cheltenham Gold Cup last month with Sizing John. Gordon Elliott's Bless The Wings was runner-up for the second year in a row. 13 of the 28 runners came from Ryanair boss Michael O'Leary's Gigginstown House stables.
Mae'n frodor o Fôn, wedi ei fagu ym Modffordd ac mae pêl-droed wedi bod yn rhan fawr o'i fywyd ers iddo fod yn blentyn
Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the changes were a step towards a "new era of openness" The first annual "learning from mistakes league" uses feedback from staff on their freedom to speak. Other measures include legal protection for staff who admit mistakes and new medical examiners to review deaths.
Two armed men wearing masks broke into the 44-year-old victim's house in Meadowbank Terrace. During the assault the men knocked the victim to the ground and hit him repeatedly with a blunt object. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses.
The man, in his 20s, was the only person in the BMW convertible. He was travelling east when his car left the road near the junction with Holly Lane. Police closed the road between Frog Grove Lane and Holly Lane while investigators were at scene.
Scandal began in May when payslips of top managers at state insurance company were leaked. Revealed they were receiving very generous salaries of up to 100 times household income. S saga has been a major blow to the reputation of the government of President Hassan Rouhani. Hardliners have
Yellowstone National Park warns visitors to keep their distance from wildlife. The park said it was just one example of "inappropriate, dangerous and illegal behaviour" Other such behaviour included petting bison and taking selfies with them. There are about 5,000 wild bison, also known as
ONS said the figure was up from 7.6% in the year to February. Council of Mortgage Lenders said Â£13.8bn was lent during the month, 59% more than in February.
The Labour authority voted in favour of changing 2,700 contracts from 52 weeks to term time-only. Council said it would bring staff in line with the other 17,000 workers. Union Unison said it was "bitterly disappointed" with the decision.
The 23-year-old midfielder is his country's joint all-time goalscorer, with two goals from 11 caps. He ended last season on loan at Forest Green and is the second Gibraltar international to represent Torquay.
Veronelli, 36, moved from Florida back to Buenos Aires earlier this year. Watson, the world number 55, won her second WTA tour title in January.
Few details of the deal agreed by the Russians and Americans have been released. Ceasefire was supposed to open the way to aid deliveries in Syria. But the latest attacks on the aid convoy and hospital seem to have taken things back to square one.
Pupils from Cambridge's Perse School accused of stealing artefacts from Nazi death camp. They were in an area where belongings of Jews sent to gas chambers were kept, court told. Pair, who were 17 at the time, say they picked items up to show their guide.
Outgoing vice-president spoke at state dinner in Washington. He praised "genuine leaders" including German Chancellor Angela Merkel. Mr Biden has been highly critical of US President-elect Donald Trump. This is the second state dinner shared by North American nations this year.
David Wagner has signed a new contract with Huddersfield Town. The 46-year-old was appointed on a 12-month rolling contract in November 2015. Wagner led the Terriers to fifth in the Championship last season.
Ashleys Kenya is a hair salon chain based in Nairobi, Kenya. The company has 12 salons, three training schools and runs the national beauty pageant. Ashleys is also the current holder of the local franchise of the Miss World beauty pageant - known as Miss World Kenya.
Dr Leonard Peter told Cardiff Crown Court Dr Joanne Rudling did not ask enough questions about Ryan's condition hours before he died. Dr Peter, who has worked as a GP for 41 years, told the court 46-year-old Dr Rudling, one of his GPs, should have shown more
The Friends of Sherwood Forest say the Â£5.3m centre will devastate the area. Nottinghamshire County Council said the new site would "balance the interests" of the community and visitors. Construction is scheduled to start in December 2016 with the opening expected by winter
Walter Oakley was holidaying when CNN asked him to help organise filming. He came across the letter again while researching a book about his family. His wife Diane said the letter has meant a lot to the family but belongs in a collection or museum. The letter will be auctioned
Asian Civilisation Museum bought the sculpture for $650,000 (£420,000) in 2007. Art dealer Art of the Past manager later admitted selling stolen Indian antiquities. The sculpture of Hindu goddess Uma Parameshvari is thought to have been stolen from a Shiva temple.
Travel firm Belmond put on the service to treat commuters on a 90-minute journey. Some passengers had registered for the journey after seeing a social media campaign. The train is usually reserved for leisure travellers on trips to major sporting fixtures.
Englishman tops the world rankings for the first time in more than a decade. Donald has failed to win a European or PGA tournament since 2012. The 38-year-old needs to return to the top 50 or win on the PGA Tour to qualify for a 12th consecutive Masters
La Gloria City was founded by 200 American settlers in Cuba in the early 20th Century. The town was founded on land that existed only in the blueprints of the Cuba Land and Steamship Company of New York. Many of the original settlers left after realising they had been sold a
This page shows which councils are holding elections and the party representation on each one. Several councils are undergoing significant boundary changes which will see their number of seats reduced. Information may be subject to revision and change until election day.
Researchers looked at three areas of England, 20 years apart, and found new rates of dementia were lower than past trends would suggest. They say improvements in men's health is the most likely explanation. But charities warn against complacency, with more than 200,000 dementia cases diagnosed each year in
Jon Platt refused to pay a Â£120 fine for taking his daughter, aged six, to Florida. He had argued the law only required children to attend school regularly. Isle of Wight Council wants to know why the court decided there was no case to answer. Council
Former RAF communications worker kept his identity a secret, calling himself Mr X. Friends and family vowed to carry on Mr Bravin's work in his memory. Mr Bravin recruited 'Santa's Little Helpers', who in turn were sworn to secrecy.
Ivana Hoffmann, 19, was killed earlier this month in the battle for Tal Tamr. She was the first Western female fighter known to have been killed fighting IS. Ms Hoffman was a member of Turkey's Marxist-Leninist Communist Party.
Home secretary vows to put Conservative Party 'at the service' of working people. Vows to make shareholder votes on corporate pay binding, rather than advisory. Insists support for enterprise does not mean 'anything goes' in the City of London. Hits out at non-executive
Baseel Abdul-Amir Saad, 36, has been charged with assault with intent to do great bodily harm. But authorities say the charges could be amended following further investigation. John Bieniewicz, 44, was an experienced referee who worked at all levels of competition. He was
Bianca Nikol Roberson was shot in the head as she tried to merge with a pickup truck. She was pronounced dead at the scene near West Goshen, New York. Police have issued a call for help in tracing the suspect. "This was a senseless and brutal act of
Kazi Islam, 18, was found guilty of preparing to commit acts of terrorism. He befriended Harry Thomas, 19, five months after Fusilier Rigby was attacked in Woolwich. Pretended to sympathise with Mr Thomas over a break-up with a girlfriend.
Pushp Sharma's report appeared in the Milli Gazette, a newspaper aimed at India's Muslim community. It quoted what was said to be a government document that banned Muslims from travelling abroad to teach yoga for last year's World Yoga Day. Mr Sharma faces charges of fabricating the document, which he
Tide like this has never been observed in a western European lake before. Measurement made to an accuracy of just 0.1 mm over the loch's 35 km length. Team placed pressure sensors a few metres under the lake surface at six locations.
A vintage hawker hunter jet crashed on to the A27 during an aerobatic stunt at the Shoreham show in August 2015, killing 11 men. The pilot, Andrew Hill, 51, survived the crash and is being investigated for manslaughter. Plans were put in place for the inquest
Gang targeted ATMs in Stonehaven, Inverurie, Aberdeen, New Deer and Ellon. They used oxygen and acetylene to get to the safes behind the ATMs. Sentence was deferred for Joseph McHale, 38, Kevin Schruyers, 42, and Robin Vaughan
Australia is holding a national inquiry into institutional responses to child sexual abuse. Bishop played an important role in developing the Australian church's response to the issue in the 1990s. More than 4,000 victims have come forward to the Royal Commission, which is looking at how religious groups responded.
Celtic assistant Chris Davies confirms "constant dialogue" with midfielder Pat Roberts. The 20-year-old spent 18 months with the Scottish champions but is also wanted by Nice and at least two English clubs. Davies says Celtic have no plans to bring in an extra central defender
Matt Denton estimates his "very expensive toy" has cost him hundreds of thousands of pounds. The robot, driver-operated by joysticks within a cockpit, can only travel at 1.5km/h (1mph) It can manage a distance of 5km on a 20-lit
British Chambers of Commerce surveyed 1,200 companies. 42% of larger firms had been the victim of a cyber attack, compared with 18% of smaller ones. Just a quarter of the firms surveyed said they had put in place security measures.
Pope Francis is visiting Kenya, Uganda and the Central African Republic (CAR) He is expected to focus on religious tolerance and peaceful coexistence. He will make 19 speeches during his tour and they will probably address these issues. Pope is unlikely to lecture Africa on LGBT rights, HIV/AIDS
Jean-Claude Juncker has come under pressure over claims that 340 global companies were granted deals to help them avoid tax during his 18 years in office. He took over as head of the Commission at the start of November. Within days he was confronted with a report by investigative journalists that alleged
Laura Muir finished second behind Kenyan Faith Kipyegon in four minutes, 19.12 seconds. Muir now holds the Scottish 1500m and mile records. The 23-year-old from Kinross finished fifth in last year's World Championships.
Daryl Murphy put Newcastle ahead after five minutes with his first goal for the club. Aleksandar Mitrovic had to be carried off with a cut leg in the build-up to the goal. Lukas Jutkiewicz equalised for the hosts but missed two late
Team GB failed to reel in a late breakaway in the 250km race that finished on The Mall. Cavendish finished 29th after his team-mates failed to keep pace with the main peloton. Team GB's strategy was to get Cavendish to Buckingham Palace within striking distance.
All Saints first charged onto the scene in 1997. They were a credible alternative to the Spice Girls. But it was a difficult time to be a woman in the male-dominated music industry. After two multi-platinum albums, the band imploded in 2001 over the disputed ownership of
British-Brazilian duo were beaten by South Africa's Raven Klaasen and Rajeev Ram. Murray and Soares have already overtaken Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut in the year-end rankings. The latter pair will play Henri Kontinen and Murray's
Mark Anthony Barlow, 48, of Grendon, Atherstone, Warwickshire, was struck by a grey Audi. He was pronounced dead at the scene on Bolebridge Street, Tamworth, on 13 January. Police are appealing for witnesses to the incident which happened
Beach Buddies has applied for charity status and is challenging volunteers to make Manx beaches the cleanest in Europe. More than 1,600 people took part in 220 sessions across the island last year - a 75% increase on the organisation's first year.
Ministers to publish draft laws banning substances' production, distribution, sale and supply. Alcohol, tobacco and caffeine will be excluded, and there are exemptions for food and medical products. New restrictions extend to the sale of nitrous oxide - also known as laughing gas or "hippy crack
The 2014 season has been a year of controversy for the NFL. Fifty players were arrested for offences ranging from child abuse to domestic violence. Yet despite all this, the game is still hugely popular in America and globally. The Harris Report says the NFL is still number one by a huge
Andrew Hutchinson, 29, pleaded guilty to rape, sexual assault and voyeurism. He filmed himself raping two patients at the John Radcliffe Hospital in Oxford. Hutchinson also attacked women who had passed out while he was on duty. Victims were unaware they had been assaulted until contacted by
Rory McIlroy 'absolutely loves' Ballyliffin, says European Tour chief executive. Tournament will be held from 5-8 July - two weeks before the Open at Carnoustie. Irish Open will be staged on the 22-year-old Pat Ruddy-designed
Jack Brooks scores a career-best 94 not out to help Yorkshire to 421-7 at the close of day two. Yorkshire batsman put on unbroken 165 with Jack Leaning as they batted without Jimmy Anderson. Anderson will be sent for a scan on his right groin injury on Monday
Asda will pay 28p per litre for 100% of its liquid milk throughout its entire range. It is less than the 30-32p farmers estimate it costs to produce each litre of milk. Announcement comes after protests by dairy farmers over price they are paid for milk
HP admits it should have done a better job of communicating the change. Firm says it did so to protect users from counterfeit products. Electronic Frontier Foundation calls on HP to reverse the move. Consumers took to online forums and social networks to express anger.
Judge Michael Levanas said sale of LA Clippers could go ahead. Shelly Sterling had been contesting her decision to sell the team to ex-Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer. Mr Sterling was banned from basketball for life after he was recorded making racist remarks in April. Mrs Sterling burst
Dene Magna School in Mitcheldean, Gloucestershire, has 750 pupils on its roll. The school normally has an attendance of 97%, with fewer than 20 students off in a day. But on Thursday this had fallen to 80% and 26 pupils had been sent home
Dame Rosemary Butler said fewer than half of those eligible to vote did so in 2011. There are concerns that up to 70,000 people in Wales have not registered to vote. Elections for the assembly and police and crime commissioners take place on 5 May.
Shell announced a $15bn (Â£9.9bn) cut in global spending, and disappointing profit figures. The numbers were below analysts' forecasts, prompting a big sell-off of Shell's shares. Greenpeace said Shell was taking a "massive risk" in a "pr
The 41-year-old was shot and stabbed to death outside her surgery in Birstall, West Yorkshire. She had only represented the ethnically diverse constituency of Batley and Spen for a year. In her maiden speech to Parliament, she said: "We have far more in
Alexander Levlovitz died in a car accident apparently caused by a rock attack. Clashes between Israeli police and Palestinian protesters continued for a third day. Violence has again rocked the al-Aqsa mosque compound.
Protection of Life During Pregnancy Bill would allow termination when woman is at risk of taking her life. President Higgins must decide by Wednesday whether to sign the bill into law or refer it to the court. If the Supreme Court decides it is constitutional and approves the bill, it will automatically become law
RNLI to shut down lifeboat station in St Abbs later this year. Volunteers had said they would no longer use the lifeboat to respond to emergencies. But the crew agreed to take back their pagers at a meeting on Friday night. They pledged to continue campaigning to
Kumar Sangakkara hits 24 fours and four sixes as Surrey reach 394-5 at stumps. Sri Lankan batsman passed 1,000 first-class runs for Surrey in just his 22nd innings. Jason Roy hits 85 before being out lbw to
Wolves have been taken over by Chinese investment group Fosun. Steve Morgan put the Championship club up for sale in September 2015. Chief executive Jez Moxey will step down after 16 years at Molineux. Fosun are one of the largest investment groups in China
Habitats such as hedgerows and hay meadows are being lost in many countries, meaning fewer nesting sites are available. Competition among animals for a suitable place to nest could explain why some species are struggling to survive. Conservation efforts should focus on ensuring rare species have enough places
He told the cadets the international order was "under challenge as never before in my lifetime" It was the first passing out involving mixed platoons of men and women. Prince of Wales was representing the Queen at the Sovereign's Parade at Sandhurst. He did not mention the Islamic
The 22-year-old France-born winger has declared himself available for Algeria. He spent five years with Le Havre, scoring six times in 60 games after moving from amateur club Quimper.
Al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) is al-Qaeda's branch in Yemen. Washington considers AQAP to be by far the most dangerous to the West. It has both technical skills and global reach, and is loyal to nominal leader Ayman al-Zawah
Scotland beaten 35-25 by Ireland in Six Nations opener in Dublin. Two quick Irish tries while Scots had a man in the sin-bin proved costly. Stuart Hogg and Duncan Taylor among 12 nominated for Six Nations player of the tournament.
Department of Enterprise, Trade and Investment (DETI) report says tourism industry worried about "continuing sectarianism and racial prejudice" Review ordered by Arlene Foster last year calls for a need "to deepen the relationship" between the Northern Ireland Tourist Board and Invest NI. Recommendations
Rodrigo Kelton was born into deep poverty and drug addiction in Brazil's state of Ceara. He was part of the Brazilian team competing in the Street Child World Cup. The tournament puts the spotlight on issues affecting street children. In February, Rodrigo decided to move back to
Ch Supt Neil Evans, described the development as 'extremely worrying' Ten people were admitted to hospital after taking the drug over the weekend. Four were kept in intensive care after taking what was thought to be 'pink champagne' Police now believe the substance was in fact a synthetic cannabinoid
Mick Jagger says he cannot understand how L'Wren Scott could end her life in such a tragic way. The designer was found dead in her New York flat on Monday, in an apparent suicide. Rolling Stones have cancelled the first date of their Australian tour following the news.
Report says new homes needed to cope with predicted increase in city's population. Document identifies 62 sites across the city that could be used for housing. Some of the proposed new homes would be built on greenbelt land.
SW Radio Africa was launched in opposition to Robert Mugabe's rule in Zimbabwe. Its manager says donor fatigue has led to the station's funding drying up. "We are gone so our voice is completely gone," Gerry Jackson tells the BBC.
Mental Health Network says funding has been used to support other NHS services. NHS England says it has provided £75m to clinical commissioning groups (CCGs) But NHS providers fear some of the money has been siphoned off to pay for other services.
Joe Woolford, 21, will perform You're Not Alone with Jake Shakeshaft, 20, from Stoke-on-Trent. Both singers were former contestants on The Voice UK. Joe's family, including mother Ffion, stepfather Krino Pab, father Al
Hood will join his former Leeds team-mate Ben Jones-Bishop at the Red Devils. The 22-year-old Scotland international made five appearances for Leeds in 2012. Hood was released by the Rhinos at the end of the 2013 Super League season.
Ben Hooper started his 2,000-mile (3,200 km) swim from Dakar harbour in Senegal, west Africa. His four-month attempt is due to end in Natal in north-east Brazil, next March. The 38-year-old long-distance swim
Our new campaign promotes accessible, physical challenges for everyone. With Make Your Move you can take steps (in the comfort of your own home) to getting stronger and fitter. We're not talking about walking before you can run. We're talking about taking a couple of steps and seeing how
Women of Africa is a BBC season recognising inspiring women across Africa. Third series introduces six women who are chief executive officers or company heads.
Russia expelled two US officials in response to an attack on a US diplomat in Moscow. Russia said the diplomat was a CIA agent who had refused to show ID papers. US officials said harassment against US diplomats by Russian security services was on the rise. Washington said the problems began two years ago
England beat India by eight wickets in second one-day international in Kolkata. Ben Stokes takes three wickets to help England to 321-8 from their 20 overs. Kedar Jadhav top scores for India with 120 from 76 balls. India take 2-1
Body of India Chipchase, 20, a bar worker, was found in Northampton on Sunday. Book-keeper Edward Tenniswood, 51, from Stanley Road, faces a charge of murder. Northamptonshire Police referred itself to IPCC over its "responses before and during
Council of Europe's human rights commissioner says budget cuts cannot be used as an excuse for not upholding the rule of law. Nils Muiznieks said the UK government is currently breaching the European Convention of Human Rights. More than 300 people were killed by the security forces in Northern Ireland.
Disability Works is presented by Johny Cassidy, a producer in the BBC's Economics Unit. Johny lost his sight as a teenager and for the programme he tried out a new gadget called Orcam. It consists of a camera which clips onto a pair of glasses and provides an audio description
Hassan Munshi and Talha Asmal, both 17, are feared to have travelled to Syria to join ISIS. West Yorkshire Police and counter-terrorism officers are investigating. The boys' families said they were praying for the safe return of the 'ordinary Yorkshire lads'
Tom Squires won RS:X windsurfing gold after coming second in the final race. Luke Patience finished fourth in the men's 470 with new crew Chris Gruber. Patience needs to re-qualify for this summer's Olympic games in Rio de Janeiro.
Parade commemorates Yeovil's 75th birthday and 70th anniversary of end of World War Two. Platoons from HMS Heron, led by the Queen's Colours and the Band of the Royal Marines march. There was also a flypast representing all the squadrons based
Kevin Standing's vehicle was taken from his home in Patcham, East Sussex. It did not have a tracker and there was no CCTV evidence. Sussex Police said they focused on crimes that "cause most harm"
Malaysian socialite and philanthropist is one of Forbes' most influential Malaysians. Her drive to find and feed the poor has led to the founding of one of Malaysia's biggest soup kitchens. The Kechara soup kitchen has branches across the country in the capital Kuala Lumpur, north
Across northern Nigeria, about 11 million children get no access to mainstream education. Growing belief that reforms are long overdue and a broader education is essential. Boko Haram, meaning "Western education is forbidden", is the nickname of the extremist group. British taxpayers are helping fund improvements to Nigeria's education system
Both the Islamic State group and Kurdish militants have claimed a number of attacks in Turkey in recent months. Turkey is part of the US-led coalition against IS, and coalition planes use its air base at Incirlik for raids in Iraq and Syria. The warning comes a day after Israel's counterterrorism
Tories won 37 of 64 seats to claim a majority and wipe out Labour's 22-seat majority. Labour picked up 24 seats this time around, the Lib Dems won three and UKIP none. Towns where seats turned from red to blue included Swadlincote, Matlock,
A man died after he was struck by a car on the N2 at Balrath in County Meath. Elsewhere, a man in his 30s died after the car he was driving hit a fence in County Mayo.
The Nuclear Accident Independent Investigation Commission released its report into the Fukushima disaster on March 11, 2011. It found a multitude of errors and wilful negligence that left the Fukushima plant unprepared for the events of March 11. The report concludes that the root causes were the organizational and regulatory systems rather than
Dyke, appointed in 2013, had intended to stand for a further year. But he said opposition to proposed reforms from some FA councillors and a minority of board members had made him reconsider. He believes football is in a better place financially, administratively and from a coaching standpoint than when he took
Natwest and RBS warn customers of possible negative interest rates. The move would make them the first UK banks to charge to deposit money. UK interest rates have been unchanged since the Bank of England cut them to a record low of 0.5% in 2009.
27 Tory MPs rebel over plans to allow councils to extend Sunday trading hours. Critics of the plans said they would 'chip away' at Sunday's special status. It is the Conservative government's second defeat in the House of Commons since May. Ministers had promised to trial the changes in
Golden State Warriors beat Cleveland Cavaliers 4-3 in play-off series. Warriors become only the 10th team to rally from 3-1 down to win a play-offs. They will now face the Cavaliers in a title rematch in the NBA Finals.
Liverpool host Wolves in the FA Cup fourth round on Tuesday night. Coady never got to play a home game in his three years at Anfield. The 23-year-old was allowed to leave the club at the end of the 2013-14 season. Paul Lambert's Wolves have
Paramedics called to Joe's Bar in Dungiven at 06:00 BST on 6 October 2014. Police arriving a short time later found several people still at the bar. Till receipts showed alcohol was being served as late as 04:49 BST. Colleen O'Neill,
Callum Clatworthy-Robins, 22, from Port Talbot, consumed fish won at fair in March. Admitted causing unnecessary suffering to a protected animal at Swansea Magistrates' Court. Banned from owning animals for three years and ordered to pay Â£200 in fines
Albania forfeited the match after a drone flew over the pitch with a political message. Crowd disturbance and a brawl between players followed at Partizan Stadium. Both countries have confirmed they will appeal against the rulings. Serbia must also play two home qualifying games behind closed doors
The new deal with French oil and gas company Total will begin with the 2017 Africa cup of Nations finals in Gabon. Total take over from mobile phone company Orange as headline sponsor of Caf's 10 competitions. The value of the deal has not been revealed.
Wrexham beat Altrincham 2-0. Marcus Kelly and Chris Holroyd score the goals for Wrexham. Exiles suffer first pre-season defeat of the summer against Nantwich.
PCB chairman Shaharyar Khan says Pakistan cricket team will be allowed to play in India in March and April. Concerns had been raised by the Pakistan Cricket Board over threats from Hindu extremists. India and Pakistan have not played a Test series since 2007 due to fallout from the terrorist attacks
Rowett furious after his side lose 2-2 at St Andrew's. Clayton Donaldson and Greg Cunningham scored for Blues. Rowett calls his side "unprofessional" and "lacking desire"
Michel Temer, 75, has taken over as president for up to 180 days. He has named a business-friendly cabinet that includes former central bank chief Henrique Meirelles. Ms Rousseff denounced her removal as a "farce" and "sabotage"
Legend of Emperor Yu states he tamed Yellow River by redirecting its channels. Previously, no scientific evidence had been found for a corresponding flood. Now a Chinese-led team has placed just such an event at about 1,900BC. They describe a cataclysmic event in which a
Malachi Love-Robinson, 18, was arrested after examining and providing medical advice to an undercover police officer. He has denied that he posed as a medical doctor and said he only used the title because he had obtained a PhD online. The website of the New Birth New Life Medical Center describes him
Nadal has been on the men's tennis tour since he was 15-years-old. Wimbledon starts on July 25.
Ski-Scotland said it had involved 207,770 skier days and generated Â£21m for the economy. Previous seasons have involved bigger numbers - 2012-13 had 290,996 days and raised more thanÂ£29m. 2014-15 involved 230,634 sk
West Midlands Police constables Wahid Husman and Tahsib Majid used their roles to conspire to steal drugs. Husman admitted drugs and misconduct offences on 7 August. Majid was convicted on Tuesday after a trial at Birmingham Crown Court. Five other men also admitted a number
Lancashire sit fourth in the table after 12 County Championship matches. The Red Rose have lost two and drawn five of their previous seven County Championship games.
Michal Podlaszczyk had already served 12 and a half years for the equivalent of manslaughter in his native Poland in 2003 when he was 18. A year after his release he came to the UK and in October raped and robbed a woman in a Leicester park. He was jailed again
Cornwall beat Cheshire to retain the title they won last year. The final of the Bill Beaumont Cup has been played at Twickenham since 1984. Cornwall have now reached the showpiece game in each of the last four years.
Sure Walk provides students of the University of Texas at Austin with "volunteer companionship while walking home from campus" It provides students with "peace-of-mind when studying late at night and ensure[s] safety for all" Oscar-winning actor Matthew McConaughey
Ministers and other government officials are being given a three-month deadline to hand over state-owned homes and vehicles. The law targets presidential appointees who try to cling on to the perks of office after a new leader is elected. Existing legislation requires officials to hand back government property after they
Trump: "We're going to rebuild our inner cities because our African-American communities are absolutely in the worst shape they've ever been in before" It follows a report that his charity used funds to settle lawsuits for which he was personally liable. The businessman-turned-politician is continuing
Turner was diagnosed with frontal lobe dementia in 2006. His wife Lynne previously said doctors told her the illness was "caused by heading too many balls" Turner also played for Cambridge United, Luton, Swindon and Southenden. He retired as a player
Invergordon lifeboat was launched and local coastguards teams deployed at about 14:30. As they headed to the scene it was reported that the dinghy had come to rest on a sandbank. Coastguards on the ground were able to reach the inflatable vessel and help
Ashers bakery refused to make a cake iced with the slogan 'Support Gay Marriage' Customer Gareth Lee sued after his order was declined at Belfast shop in May 2014. Bakery bosses refunded his money for the order because message went against their faith. Attorney General John Larkin
Andy Burnham's campaign claims there could be'several thousand Tory infiltrators' Comedian Jeremy Hardy suggests Labour is 'rigging the election' to stop Jeremy Corbyn. Former Labour MP Andrew MacKinlay accuses party of 'arbitrary' and 'unfair' exclusion process.
Dr David Dao's daughter says she is "sickened" by her father's treatment. Dr Dao lost two front teeth and suffered a broken nose and concussion in the incident. Lawyers for the 69-year-old Vietnamese-American physician say they will sue United Airlines.
Reyaad Khan and Ruhul Amin were killed by a UK drone strike in Syria in September. David Cameron told MPs on Tuesday the attack was "necessary and proportionate" to protect the UK. MPs have since voted to authorise UK air strikes in the war-torn
Welsh Amateur Boxing Association says audit found no evidence of fraudulent activity. Sports Wales says it will continue funding the association, but put special measures in place. WABA chairman Terry Smith says much of the organisation is run by unpaid volunteers. But he disputed some of the report's findings,
St Peter's RC Primary, Firrhill High and Braidburn Special Schools were built by the same contractor as Oxgangs Primary, which was closed on Wednesday. A safety inspection revealed there were issues with how the external wall was erected when the school was built 10 years ago. Edinburgh City
Felicitas Rohrer, 31, is seeking â‚¬200,000 (Â£145,000; $220,000) in damages. She collapsed and her heart stopped for 20 minutes in 2009. Doctors found massive clots blocking the main artery to her lung.
Three-week trial on the 23.4m long 'up' escalator at Holborn station is taking place during peak hours. Transport for London said the move will "increase the capacity" and prevent "queuing at the bottom" More than 56 million passengers use the station
Mesothelioma is a fatal disease with average survival rates of about nine months. About 2,400 people die every year of the disease and numbers are set to increase. Claimants will be entitled to 75% of the average settlement paid out in civil actions.
Julia Knight, 56, admitted trying to kill Irene Robson, 81, at Horton Hospital in Banbury. Knight said she did it so her mother would not be discharged from hospital. Prosecutors said it was a 'premeditated, cold-blooded attack' on her mother.
The 45-55 vote marks the second defeat for Republicans aiming to pass a bill this week to undo the health policy. The vote came a day after the Senate rejected a plan to repeal and replace the law with a Republican plan. Senators will now consider a'skinny' repeal,
Ms Churcher was the first and so far only female director of the National Gallery of Australia. She was known as Betty Blockbuster as a result of the large-scale exhibitions of famous European artworks she organised at the NGA. In recent years, declining eyesight made it increasingly
Moody's is the first of the big three ratings agencies to make an official change to its position on the UK post-referendum. Standard & Poor's considers its top rating for the UK as "no longer tenable" Ratings can be a warning system for potential investors, and
Khieu Samphan and Nuon Chea are already on trial for war crimes and crimes against humanity. The second trial includes a charge of genocide related to killings of Vietnamese and Cham Muslim minorities. Cases are being tried separately to accelerate proceedings, because the defendants are elderly.
The Australian author died in Byron Bay in New South Wales state surrounded by family. Oz often covered taboo topics including homosexuality, abortion and police brutality. The magazine was caught up in a high-profile obscenity trial in the UK in 1971.
Bristol City duo Jake and Kodi are the first Robins players to join Guernsey FC. They are in the squad for the trip to Herne Bay in Isthmian League Division One South. If the pair play they will become the first non-Guernsey players
Labour's Eluned Morgan said EU migrants contribute "far far more" than they take out. Plaid Cymru's Rhun ap Iorwerth claimed the Conservatives were responsible for "scare stories" about the "negative effects that these immigrants from the EU have"
Norwegian Forest cat Clive vanished from his home in Toton, Nottinghamshire, in October 2014. He was found at the Kennelgate Pet Superstores warehouse, about two miles away. His owner Tanya Irons said she could not believe he was "so porky"
Super-fan Ross Morgan was watching Ipswich v Norwich when Paul Anderson scored a goal. In his excitement he leaped into the air and accidently punched the hole in the ceiling. Ross later posted a picture of the hole online, and goal-scorer Anderson, offered to pay for
The employees worked in four takeaways and are alleged to have been living and working in the country illegally. Firms asked to produce documents proving their staff had the right to work and live in the UK. Home Office said they would impose a fine of up to Â£20,000
Sebastian Vettel passed Mark Webber after a tussle with 13 laps to go. Ferrari's Fernando Alonso crashed on the second lap after breaking his front wing. Lewis Hamilton finished third ahead of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg.
Ms Pinkney, who currently works for Sussex Police, will take up her new role on 4 April. She will be the first woman to hold the top position in the Hampshire and Isle of Wight force. Hampshire Constabulary is currently run by acting chief constable Graham McNulty
The 23-year-old beat Gadzhimagomedov on a unanimous 5-0 points decision in the Ukraine decider. Kurt Walker and Brendan Irvine had to settle for bronze medals after losing their semi-finals. Belfast light-welterweight Sean McComb missed
Team Brewster beat the Olympic silver medallists skipped by David Murdoch 7-2 9-5 at Perth's Dewars Centre on Sunday to clinch the men's spot. Playing third for Brewster is Glen Muirhead, brother of winning skip Eve. Her rink claimed the women's place with
Galway enter into Round 4A of the qualifier series after surrendering their Connacht title to Roscommon. Rory Gallagher's side have recovered from the disappointment of their heavy Ulster semi-final defeat to Tyrone. Cian Mulligan is the only injury concern for Donegal with a quad strain
The PM has pledged to hold the referendum before the end of 2017. It is widely known he would prefer to hold it in 2016, but this is politically problematic. The UK wants to avoid a clash with elections in France and Germany in Spring 2017.
Shadow leader of the house Valerie Vaz said she grew up watching Dad's Army. David Lidington speculated that his Labour opposition "don't like it up 'em' Commons Leader also paid tribute to late producer David Perry, who created Hi-de-Hi.
Derby striker Bent scored his first goal for the Rams since March against Rotherham. Bent came off the bench to rescue a point against Sheffield Wednesday on Saturday. The goal was the former Aston Villa, Sunderland and Charlton forward's first since January. Derby, already assured
Here's a round-up of everything you may have missed at this year's Baftas. From Carpool Karaoke to June Brown, here's what you need to know.
Sean Welsh gave Thistle the lead from the penalty spot after Ryan Dow had fouled Kris Doolan. Chris Burke equalised for Ross County with an injury-time strike. Alan Archibald's side have now gone eight games without a win in the league.
Convoy of at least 260 lorries carrying Russian aid has now halted, after moving towards the border. Ukrainian forces have been battling pro-Russian rebels for several weeks. If it takes the convoy across the border, it will be seen by the Ukrainian authorities as a major provocation.
The mosaics were part of a 1,700-year-old town house found in Leicester. They will form part of Â£7m revamp of the nearby Jewry Wall museum. Excavation recovered hundreds of artefacts including a gruesome carved handle depicting people being fed to
Ipsos Mori surveyed more than 1,000 adults between 19 and 25 March. Voters were asked to give a score out of 10 to a range of policies which could be implemented. Scots appear to place a greater emphasis on embedding and extending powers at Holyrood parliament.
Dr Adesina will receive the US $250,000 prize at the Borlaug Dialogue international symposium in the US. The World Food Prize aims to recognise efforts to increase the quality and quantity of available food. 98% of the world's 800 million undernourished people live
The officer was carrying a handgun in the railway station in Inverness. Police Scotland said the officer had breached new force policy. A spokesman said he had been reminded of the strict criteria about the issue.
Strongest El Nino since 1998 pushing 2015 into the record books as the world's warmest year. Food shortages expected to peak in Southern Africa in February. Droughts and floods likely to exacerbate droughts in some areas, while increasing flooding in others. Oxfam:
Researchers at Massachusetts General Hospital have taken the first steps towards creating usable engineered kidneys. They took a rat kidney and used a detergent to wash away the old cells. The remaining web of proteins, or scaffold, looks just like a kidney, including an intricate network of blood vessels and drainage
University of Wisconsin claims Apple used its microchip technology without permission. Case relates to use of technology in iPhone 5s, 6 and 6 Plus. Additional lawsuit filed against Apple's newest models, the 6S and 6S Plus.
steam trains will run between Cumbria and Yorkshire. Part of re-opening of Settle to Carlisle line which was closed after landslides damaged railway line.
The Couch to 5K Challenge is designed for people who have done little or no running. The campaign is a nine-week plan, starting with a brisk walk and ending with a 5k run. If you want to start your own challenge, visit the Make Your Move website.
Scottish Seabird Centre said it needs to evolve to remain viable. It has secured £3.3m Heritage Lottery funding but needs another £2m. Centre planned to open in 2020 for Visit Scotland's year of coasts and waters.
Government says exit checks are needed to combat illegal immigration. Passports will be scanned for first month but only 25% of details will be verified. After a month, there will be a move to 50% verification and by the middle of June 100%. Eurotunnel, which manages
GB gymnast Beth Tweddle takes bronze in women's uneven bars final. Russia's Aliya Mustafina wins gold medal ahead of China's He Kexin. Tweddle's score of 15.916 was enough to secure bronze medal for the 27-year-old.
Former Bournemouth, Portsmouth and Leeds defender Pearce signs three-year deal. 28-year-old made 33 appearances last season as Latics won League One title. Pearce becomes Charlton's seventh signing of the summer transfer window.
More than 50 miles of new planking and more than 500,000 fixings have been used in the Â£15m renovation. The pier is expected to be fully operational by mid-April.
Amirah Droudis, 37, will spend at least 33 years behind bars for killing the woman. Droudis's boyfriend, Man Haron Monis, took 18 people hostage in a Lindt cafe in central Sydney in 2014. The 16-hour siege ended with the deaths of
BBC has been criticised for paying £25m ($39m) to 150 outgoing executives - £2m ($3.1m) more than contracts stipulated. Mark Thompson told MPs the trust had put him under "ferocious pressure" to make redundancies like Mr Byford's.
Hamilton Academical held to goalless draw at home by Kilmarnock. Ali Crawford missed a hat-trick of chances for Accies in the first half. Kris Boyd twice headed wide from close range for Killie. Souleymane Coulibaly
Wales drew 1-1 with Northern Ireland in their final warm-up game. Craig Cathcart put the visitors ahead before Simon Church equalised. Coleman's side face Ukraine in Kiev on Monday.
Kieran McGrath, 26, was shot after leaving the Sheldon Arms pub in Ashton-under-Lyne. He drove to a police station but died later from a single gunshot wound. Anthony Henry, 32, was found guilty of murder on Friday at Liverpool Crown Court. Troy
Ferguson resigned as Clyde manager on Sunday. The 39-year-old is among the favourites to replace Mark Warburton at Ibrox. Ferguson insists he has had no contact with Rangers.
Vincenzo D'Anna and Lucio Barani suspended for gesturing at opposition senator. Female senators from various parties demanded that Mr Barani apologise. The two centre-right senators insisted their actions were misunderstood.
Australia's foreign minister said these were "not the actions of a friend" Foreign Minister Stephen Smith asked Israel to withdraw a diplomat, whom he did not identify. At least four forged Australian passports were used in the killing of Mahmoud al-Mabhouh in Dubai in January. The
Leyla Yunus was found guilty of fraud, illegal entrepreneurship, tax evasion and falsifying official documents. Her husband, Arif Yunus, was given seven years on similar charges. They have been in prison since their arrest nearly a year ago. Both still face separate charges of treason
Authorities have warned that the escaped inmates pose a serious threat to the safety of the area. The prison in Lae, Papua New Guinea's second largest city, has seen repeated similar escapes over the past years. In 2016, at least 11 prisoners were shot dead and more than 70 escaped when
Amy Wilson Hardy, Laura Keates, Amy Cokayne, Emily Scarratt and Lydia Thompson score tries for England. England win their first Six Nations title since 2012. Ireland's Paula Fitzpatrick and Sene Naoupu come close to scoring tries.
Sunni clerics believed to have been trying to negotiate release of Lebanese security personnel held by jihadist militants. Arsal was the scene of fierce fighting between the two sides last year. The town is sandwiched between Syrian government-held territory and Lebanese areas sympathetic to it.
Girlguiding UK found they needed a new vow that includes non-religious members. Brownies and Guides currently vow to "to love my God, to serve my Queen and my country" It has been replaced with a new promise to "be true to myself and develop my beliefs"
46 illegal immigrants detained or arrested at Dover between January and April. Number of detentions and arrests is also up significantly from 2012. Home Office said 40,000 attempted illegal crossings of the Channel had been foiled last year.
Gibraltar is equipping tourist attractions with QR codes that can be scanned with a mobile phone. The QR codes take users directly to a Wikipedia page of the relevant tourist attraction. "Gibraltarpedia" organisers want their QR codes to communicate with the user's phone to determine its set
Wright was runner-up in I'm A Celebrity Get Me Out Of Here in 2011. The 30-year-old played non-league football for Lewes, Crawley Town and Rushden & Diamonds. Billericay have recently been taken over by multi-millionaire Glenn Tam
Lee Evans and Peter Vincenti put Rochdale in front before half-time. Devante Cole and an Olly Lancashire own goal put the game out of reach. Rochdale manager Keith Hill criticises 'touchline technical etiquette'
Employee was walking towards a freezer room in the warehouse's main bay when it happened. The man equired skin grafts to repair the damage to his right leg. QK Cold Stores (Marston) Ltd was prosecuted by South Kesteven District Council.
Irish Human Rights and Equality Commission said burden of crisis fell disproportionately on those least able to bear it. Commission was set up last year to promote and protect human rights in the state. Chief Commissioner Emily Logan said government had failed to meet basic human rights standards.
Lord Heseltine was deputy PM in the 1990s and advised David Cameron on regional strategy. He told MPs the UK would never be a world-beating economy unless young people were better educated. Called for "much bigger devolution to the people who know where the failing schools are
Swedish scientists analysed the genomes of eight Stone Age human skeletons from northern Spain. These individuals lived between 3,500 and 5,500 years ago, after the transition to farming in southwest Europe. Results show that these early Iberian farmers are the closest ancestors to present-day Bas
Nigel Clough has offered keeper Stephen Bywater a new contract. The 35-year-old played all but three of Burton's Championship games last season. Defender Phil Edwards and midfielders Lee Williamson, Callum Reilly and Charlie Gatter are also leaving.
2 January 2017 is full of dates to remember. Here's a look at what's to come in 2017.
Vaughan Gething said he had not backed Jeremy Corbyn in the last two leadership contests. But he said he accepted the party had voted "decisively" for him to be its leader. He said Labour would argue for a "more open relationship" with the EU than
The £14.6m college is part of a major overhaul of post-16 education by Flintshire council. First Minister Carwyn Jones will open the facility on Friday. It will be based at Coleg Cambria's Deeside campus.
Burnley have signed full-back Jon Walters on a two-year deal. The 33-year-old spent seven years at Stoke City, scoring 62 goals in 269 appearances. Walters becomes Burnley's second summer signing after Charlie Taylor joined from Leeds.
Aguirre was best known for his role in the long-running children's TV series El Chavo del Ocho. Episodes of the programme were repeated for years across Latin America. He had been very ill for some time and died in his home in Puerto Vallarta.
Duffy, 37, has joined the third-placed Championship side on a one-year contract. The Scotland assistant coach will lead Featherstone in their final league game against Toulouse. Duffy played for Leigh, Widnes and Salford during a 16-year playing career.
Alice Gibson-Watt, 34, died in 2012 from a brain injury caused by a cardiac arrest. A week earlier, she was restrained by police and ambulance staff in a case of post-partum psychosis, a month after giving birth to her first child. The coroner ruled the use of restraint
Villarreal defender Eric Bailly is expected to sign for Manchester United. The 22-year-old will cost Jose Mourinho's side around £30m. Bailly has played 40 times in La Liga, the first five of which were for Espanyol. Zlatan Ibrahim
Government ministers voiced concern at the Charlie Hebdo cartoons but defended the freedom of the press. Riot police have been deployed around the magazine's offices in Paris. Foreign Minister Laurent Fabius said he was "concerned" at the cartoons and had ordered "special security measures... in all the countries
Portugal's economy was mired in its worst recession for more than 40 years. Magda and Miguel Tilli launched an estate agent business specialising in renting houses in Lisbon. Home Lovers has now expanded to Porto and Cascais, two other Portuguese cities.
It's the 130th anniversary of the first Sherlock Holmes book. Visitors to Maze can put their own detective skills to the test.
The FBI has asked Apple to help it unlock an iPhone used by gunman Syed Farook. Prince Al Hussein said the law enforcement agency "deserves everyone's full support" However, encryption was essential in the interests of freedom, he added. Apple says agreeing to the request would set
Governor Rick Scott issued the executive order in four counties. Samples taken from the St Lucie River tested positive for toxins. Green slime appeared when polluted water was discharged from Lake Okeechobee. If ingested, the toxic algae could cause nausea and vomiting.
The final episode of the ITV drama will air on Monday evening. Chris Chibnall says success of the show has 'taken us all by surprise' He has confirmed the drama will not return for any future series. The storyline of the final series has centred around the rape
Two women lost a leg and three other people were seriously hurt. The ride is to reopen on 19 March when the Staffordshire theme park reopens. Owner of the attraction is to be prosecuted over the crash.
Chief operating officer says head coach Sean Holley and forwards coach Jonathan Humphreys will also be assessed. Ospreys stopped a run of three defeats with a 17-12 win over Welsh rivals Cardiff Blues on New Year's Day at the Liberty Stadium.
Leicester Tigers beat Benetton Treviso 26-17 in their first autumn international rugby match. Leicester dominated the opening 40 minutes with three tries in the bag by the break. Tigers full-back Veainu scored a solo try and Peter Betham and Greg Bateman
Clermont's Abendanon has won the European Player of the Year award. It is the third time a French-based English player has won it. Since the 2011 Rugby World Cup, an RFU rule has said only those involved in domestic rugby can play for England.
Poll indicates satisfaction fell from 70% to 58% last year - the largest annual drop since 1983. King's Fund think tank sponsored the NHS questions put to more than 1,000 people. Government said the survey contradicted its poll among patients. Satisfaction fell among supporters of all three
Anthony Joshua fights Wladimir Klitschko in London on Saturday night. Take our quick personality test to find out which boxing great you are. Let us know if you agree with who you got matched with by using #MyBoxingAlterEgo.
Jeremy Browne said French authorities were seeking "disruption" He said France sees Britain and the City of London as adversaries, not partners. Mr Browne suggested France's adversarial tone was jarring with other EU member states.
Northern Ireland face Germany in their opening Euro 2016 qualifier on Tuesday. Manager O'Neill had to hitch-hike with some Germans during a scouting trip to Euro 2012. O'Neill's and a friend went to the last European Championships in Poland and Ukraine to cast an eye over Portugal and
Chris Wood and Souleymane Doukara score either side of half-time. Ben Turner headed Matt Palmer's free-kick against the bar for Burton. Derby manager Nigel Clough had beaten Leeds in all six of his previous encounters. Brewers remain without an away win
Alex Hales hits nine sixes and nine fours to take Nottinghamshire to 106-0. Hales almost equalled Chris Gayle's fastest-ever T20 century, which came off 30 deliveries. Notts chased down Durham's 183-7 in just 13.5 overs to
Luke Judge, from Cornwall, learned of Rufa Fahmi's plight while volunteering in Greece. The 11-year-old, who previously raised money for cancer patients in Yemen, needed surgery urgently. He spent??25,000 of his own savings to fund treatment in Paris.
Lancashire lost their last nine wickets for 31 runs to lose by 242 runs. It was Lancashire's heaviest defeat in List A cricket. The Red Rose were chasing a revised 327 from 47 overs in the one-day game. Neil Wagner has been called up by
RNLI says six crew members have been brought in from the UK to staff the St Helier station in Jersey. Coxswain Andy Hibbs was removed due to a "serious risk to its ability to run a safe and effective lifesaving service" Mr Hibbs denies the claim he
The remains of the creatures were unearthed in south west China and are about 190 million years old. They belong to a group of dinosaurs called Lufengosaurus, long-necked beasts that would have stood about 9m (30ft) in height. The creatures were preserved at different stages
Billy Bingham's side defeat the host nation in Valencia to reach the second stage. First time Northern Ireland had qualified for a major tournament since 1958.
Inquiry found 20 major failures from 2004 to 2013 at Furness General Hospital. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said it was 'a second Mid Staffs' on a smaller scale. Jeremy Hunt has made a number of recommendations, including setting up a national fact-finding team. Joshua Tit
Corey Lewandowski had been charged with simple battery. Michelle Fields said he forcibly grabbed her arm on 8 March. Mr Lewandowski, supported by Mr Trump, accused Ms Fields of exaggerating the event.
Land Rover has confirmed that it will release an all-new version of the Defender in 2015. A concept car on which the new Defender will be based is set to make its public debut at next month's Frankfurt motor show. Land Rover's global brand director, John Edwards, is hopeful the
Lisa Passey, 28, and Wayne Dale, 45, deny gross negligence manslaughter. Pair left Kian, 2, and another two-year-old child alone while they entertained a friend. Court heard Ms Passey was in her garden with a friend drinking coffee and smoking.
Lib Dem Mohammed Bashir won the Woking Borough Council seat in Surrey by 16 votes in May 2012. Charges were brought after police investigated allegations that postal votes were fraudulently submitted. The Conservatives won a subsequent by-election, held in September 2013.
More than 150,000 people visited the Dismaland exhibition in Weston, Somerset. It was originally due to go to the so-called "Jungle" camp in Calais, France. But it has now been donated to Aid Box Convoy, which is taking it to a smaller camp.
Real Madrid defend Rafael Nadal from "attacks made on his person" Ex-French Minister for Health and Sport Roselyne Bachelot said Nadal's seven-month absence in 2012 was "probably due to a positive doping test" Nadal has denied ever doping and the Spanish Olympic
US Navy said on 8 April that the Carl Vinson strike group was travelling to the Korean peninsula. But the group was actually farther away over the weekend, moving through the Sunda Strait into the Indian Ocean. It is not clear whether the failure to arrive was a deliberate deception, perhaps designed
Patrick McGinley, 46, and his son William, 27, are accused of murder. They are to be released on conditions including Â£50,000 cash surety and daily reports to police. The weapon used in the shooting in February 2015 has not been recovered.
Bedfordshire Police has to save Â£7.5m over the next two years. Online public survey opens on Friday to asses residents' views. PCC Olly Martins said operational policing was already running at maximum efficiency.
Croatia's Ana Ivan Karlovic beat Novak Djokovic in straight sets. Karlovic served 21 aces as the world number one struggled to control his ground strokes in high winds. The 35-year-old will now face Spain's David Ferrer in the semi-finals
Idea for a new bridge to ease congestion in Reading town centre has been circulating for 40 years. There are three main routes over the Thames in the area, two in Caversham, Reading and one in Sonning, Wokingham. The bridge and any road alterations would cost between £
Portugal international Eduardo has agreed a one-year contract with Chelsea. The 33-year-old will provide competition for Thibaut Courtois and Asmir Begovic. Eduardo: "The dream is to come to the Premier League where there are the best clubs"
The Great North Run will have more countries represented in a single running event in history. Great North Run is now in its 36th year. Find out how to get into running with our special guide.
The Alex enquired about signing Rashford last season but were turned down. The 18-year-old scored eight goals in 18 games for United last season. Rashford has been called up to the England squad for Euro 2016.
Gotabhaya Rajapaksa is charged with allowing a private firm to establish a floating armoury. It is claimed the move deprived the state of more than $75m (Â£57m) The discovery of the floating arsenal off southern Sri Lanka, and of another weapons haul in the
Queensland independent country MP for Kennedy, Bill Katter, is seen blowing on a puff of smoke from a toy gun with the bodies of two "faceless men" from the major parties lying dead in the dirt. Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull called on Mr Katter to withdraw the ads
New measure could lead to delays of up to three years before new drugs are made available. It will give NHS bosses the chance to try to renegotiate the price with drug firms. Plan agreed by National Institute for Health and Care Excellence amid mounting pressure on NHS funds. Patient groups and
League Two Accrington Stanley beat League One Bradford City 2-1. Romuald Boco and Jordan Clark scored the goals for League Two Stanley. Bradford suffered their first home defeat of the season. It was the second time Stanley had beaten Bradford this season.
Citizens Advice Scotland said it provided advice on emergency food providers 7,400 times. UK government said the report failed to recognise that poverty in Scotland was at a record low. Department for Work and Pensions said it spends Â£90bn a year on working-age benefits.
Glamorgan set to give debut to South African paceman Marchant de Lange. Timm van der Gugten, Graham Wagg, Michael Hogan and Ruaidhri Smith all out injured. Will Bragg also out for Glamorgan, who face Northampton on Friday.
Jack Duggan's late winner secured a 1-0 victory for Northampton. Stourbridge had gone out in round two in three of the previous five seasons. Northampton will face Wycombe in the third round in January.
Lyon score twice in the closing 10 minutes to win 2-1. Ryan Babel put Besiktas ahead before Corentin Tolisso equalised for Lyon. Jeremy Morel robbed goalkeeper Fabri in the area to tap into an empty net. Lyon president Jean Michel
Financial Services Compensation Scheme (FSCS) protects savings of up to £85,000 per account. Joint accounts will see protection cut from £170,000 to £150,000. 95% of savers will still be protected, but 2.5 million people may not be
Surman spent last season on loan at Bournemouth. The 28-year-old has previously spent two spells at the Championship club. Surman started his career at Southampton before joining Wolverhampton Wanderers.
Prince Buaben signs for Hearts on a one-year deal after impressing on trial. The Ghanaian midfielder has signed a deal after leaving Carlisle in May. Buaben joins former Dundee United team-mate Morgaro Gomis at the club.
Callum Bradbury, Ryan Conbeer and Phil Jones claimed tries for Wales. Giovanni D'Onofrio and Dario Schiabel crossed for Italy. Arwel Robson's late penalty edged it.
Trevor Deely, 22, was last seen walking home from a Christmas party in December 2000. Search of a site in Chapelizod in Dublin started early on Saturday morning. Gardaí said the search will involve excavations and is expected to take a number of weeks.
Boreham Wood host Arsenal in the 2017 Spring Series. The National League club's ground is undergoing refurbishments. Arsenal have given a new deal to goalkeeper Sari van Veenendaal.
Wales have renewed their kit deal with Under Armour. The American company replaced Reebok as kit supplier for all Wales international teams in 2008. Under Armour's other high-profile clients include Tottenham Hotspur, Tom Brady and golfer Jordan Spieth.
The double points rule was introduced for the final race of the 2014 season. It was introduced to keep the championship alive for as long as possible. The agreement needs ratifying at a meeting of the FIA World Motor Sport Council. F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone and FIA president Jean T
Labour leader unveils party's business manifesto on first day of election campaign. Pledges to return Britain to "a leadership role" in the EU in a reformed reformed EU. Siemens says Labour 'over-stepped the mark' by quoting its chief executive in advert.
Tigers are fifth in the Premiership, 11 points adrift of Saracens in third. They have lost seven of their 17 matches this season. But they beat Sarries 32-10 in Saturday's Anglo-Welsh Cup semi-final.
Rhys Browne breaks the deadlock in the seventh minute. Eastleigh nearly equalise in the 70th minute but Ayo Obileye's header clatters against a post.
Gavin, Gerard and Joseph Hughes appeared at Belfast Crown Court on drugs charges. Charges arose from incidents in October 2013, when police seized 3.25 kilos of cocaine. Gavin Hughes pleaded guilty to five charges, including possessing cocaine with intent to supply. He was sentenced to four
Nick D'Aloisio, 18, has just released an iPad edition of Yahoo's News Digest app. He is also developing an Apple Watch version, and plans to bring it to Android Wear smartwatches. Yahoo acquired the app's technology and services in a reported Â£
Southampton host Liverpool in the Premier League on Friday night. The Reds have failed to score against Southampton over the course of three matches already this season. Jurgen Klopp: "It cannot be our job to count points, our job is to get them" Southampton manager Claude P
The Queen turns 90 this week and will spend her birthday at Windsor Castle. Her cousin Margaret Rhodes says she is still "full of laughter" and enjoys telling funny stories. The monarch, who holidays at Sandringham in Norfolk, can imitate the local brogue 'beautifully'
Police called to Bristol Road South branch, in Northfield, at 11:45 GMT. Reports a female member of staff was being held hostage in an interview room. West Midlands Police said it is understood a firearm was produced, but no threats or demands were made. Suspect, 60,
Police said another man suffered serious injuries in the incident on Friday 19 May. The 26-year-old man is expected to appear at Paisley Sherriff Court at a later date.
British swimming's performance director to step aside at the end of the month. Scott initiated an investigation into a "disappointing" Olympic campaign that produced three medals. Key finding of the report required Australia-based Scott to relocate to Britain, something he was unable to do.
Schooling, 21, won in an Olympic record time of 50.39 seconds. Phelps, 31, could win his 23rd gold in the 4x100m medley relay on Saturday. The American was not part of his country's team that qualified for the final.
Sam Chambers sent his CV to the FA after England crashed out of Euro 2016. Ladbrokes has made him a 1,000/1 outsider for the job. Roy Hodgson stood down as England manager after the shock defeat to Iceland.
Dexter Neal, 3, died after being mauled by an American bulldog in Essex. His uncle Ashley Coe wrote on Facebook of the 'absolutely devastating loss' Andrew Rosindell, MP for Romford, said resources should be used to deal with any dangerous dogs.
Ding Junhui defeated Ireland's Greg Casey 10-4, while compatriot Liang Wenbo beat England's Joe O'Connor 10-2. Davis' last appearance at the Crucible came in 2010, when he produced a surprise run to the quarter-finals before being beaten by eventual champion
Victim was set upon by up to eight men in the Heights area at about 02:00 BST on Sunday. A 30-year-old man was arrested but has since been released on police bail.
Coastguard received the alert just before 23:00 GMT on Saturday. They said they found the women from the pictures they sent and took them to hospital. The coastguard said weather conditions at the time were not favourable.
Cagney the Lhasa apso was trapped for about an hour in her Salford home. Owner Lyn Kirkwood said she "heard a whimper" and saw her back legs sticking out. Seven-year-old Cagney seemed "unfazed" after her ordeal,
Owners Alan and Jean Mumbray admitted not having correct paperwork. They were both fined and told the animals would be found new homes. The animals include a leopard, two lynx and two ring-tailed lemurs.
Abu Mohammed al-Furqan was minister of information for the group. He oversaw the production of propaganda videos showing executions. Pentagon last month said an air strike killed him near Raqqa in Syria.
Daniel Bragg, 37, hit Julie Cook, 44, so hard he broke her left eye socket, police said. Ms Cook fell and hit her head on the floor, causing a serious injury and she died in hospital. Bragg, who admitted manslaughter, was sentenced to five years and
The woman was in her 30s but her name has not yet been released. Translink confirmed that an incident had taken place and that an investigation was under way. An eyewitness at the bus station described what she saw in the immediate aftermath of the collision.
69-year-old motorcyclist died after collision outside of the island's TT races. He collided with a Nissan between Handley's Corner and Barre Garroo crossroads. Mr Baker was airlifted to Noble's Hospital, where he later died. The car driver,
Williams view Button as a leading candidate should Bottas leave. McLaren have not yet decided who they will pick to drive alongside Fernando Alonso in 2016. Kevin Magnussen and Stoffel Vandoorne could both be of interest to Williams.
Moore said director Guy Hamilton wanted to avoid 'deliberate' comparisons. Interview came ahead of new Bond film Skyfall, due out in October. Starring Daniel Craig as 007 and directed by Sam Mendes.
Age Scotland says official figures suggest 8,640 people in Scotland wait longer than six weeks for a council care assessment. The average "worst case" is between two weeks and five months, with the longest delay of 18 months recorded in 2014/15. Under national guidelines, people should wait no longer
People are being asked to send in photographs of rabbits and hares to help map the UK population. Hares may be declining in parts of the UK, while rabbits have been hit by myxomatosis. Data will be used in a national atlas of mammals to support future conservation
Teresa Wade, 57, Victoria Montgomery, 54, her daughter Roxanne Montgomery, 33 and Tony Hammond, 34, admitted fraud. All four admitted handling about 750 puppies between July 2013 and October 2014. RSPCA estimates the fraud was worth more than £300,000.
Bakr Hamad, 38, Sharif Kadir, 52, Zana Rahim, 32, Awat Hamasalih, 33, appeared at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Friday. All four refused to consent to extradition when appearing in court. They were arrested on Thursday on European Arrest warrants
Until now, Prime Video has offered only on-demand films and TV shows. Discovery Communications is providing the best-known pay-TV channels. One analyst said the launch line-up of channels was "not immediately desirable"
OFT investigated Booking.com, Expedia and hotel group InterContinental Hotels. It initially suspected the deals infringed competition law as they limited price competition. But it has now allowed such deals subject to certain conditions.
FTSE 100 index closed 38.63 points down at 6,088.05. Shares in financial services group Old Mutual, which has interests in South Africa, sank more than 10%. Glencore jumped 7% after it announced plans to speed up the rate at which it cuts its
List is a countdown of the year's most popular songs voted for by listeners of Triple J. Readers encouraged to tweet #Tay4Hottest100 to get Taylor Swift's Shake It Off on the list. List topped by Chet Faker's Talk Is Cheap, with Peking
The Super League side have played at the ground, which is owned by Bank of Ireland, since 1895. As it stands, their lease will terminate at the end of December. The Wildcats were hoping to move to a purpose-built stadium.
Prince William says the Queen has been a 'guiding example' of what a good monarch should be. He was speaking in an interview with the BBC on the eve of her 90th birthday. A picture of the Queen, the Prince of Wales, Prince William and Prince George has been released
Quarterback banned by NFL for allegedly colluding to deflate balls during play-off game. Brady can now play on 10 September against the Pittsburgh Steelers. NFL commissioner Roger Goodell has said that the league will appeal the judge's ruling.
Line is the most popular messaging service in Japan, Thailand and Taiwan. It is looking to raise more than $900m (Â£624m) from investors, which would value the firm at $5bn. The listing, planned for July, could make it the world's biggest
Joel Warwick twice tried to kiss her and asked her to bend over a photocopier machine. He denied misconduct and said it was mutual flirting at East Midlands Ambulance Service base. Health and Care Professions Council panel said his actions were so serious it had to suspend him.
Meden Sports Centre in Warsop, Nottinghamshire, has faced maintenance issues. Mansfield District Council has said it is 'unsustainable' and has launched a consultation. Warsop Parish Council said it was 'essential' to the area and would fight to keep it open.
Andrey Malanin, 55, had failed to report for work and did not answer his phone. He lived alone on a heavily guarded street in central Athens. Police said the body had no visible injuries and there had been no break-in.
Renault chairman Carlos Ghosn hints company's relationship with Red Bull is likely to end this year. Ghosn: "We have already alerted the F1 authorities and told them: 'Don't count on us as a provider of an engine - it's over'" Red Bull are doing
BBC Northern Ireland is planning to move from Broadcasting House on Ormeau Avenue. Council has set out preferred options for broadcaster in its regeneration and investment strategy. It said lands to the rear of Belfast Central Library, a site north of Great Patrick Street or the stalled Royal Exchange development could all be suitable
Firefighters used a 30ft (9m) ladder to bring them to safety in Ince area of Wigan. A 28-year-old man was stuck up a tree in Green Lane as he tried to recover his pet.
Same group of criminals are targeting Lye Valley Industrial Estate several times a week. West Midlands Police said they will put in place extra measures to help businesses. Those with units at the site say they are worried not enough is being done.
Rishiraj Singh, the excise commissioner in Kerala, said men who stare at women for more than 14 seconds could be jailed. The video of his statement has gone viral in the state, sparking humorous reactions and memes. Some social media users have used dialogues from popular films in Malay
Sir Bruce pulled out of BBC variety show after slipping and falling at his home. He is expected to recover in time to co-host Children In Need special on 13 November. Children In Need will be hosted by Sir Terry Wogan, Tess Daly, Fearne Cotton, Rochelle Humes
UK will maintain an EU deal which gives 48 countries duty-free access to Britain for imports. Currently Â£19.2bn of goods are imported from the 48 countries, including 79% of tea. 45% of UK's textile and clothing imports, and 22% of its coffee
Claire Lomas was paralysed from the chest down in a riding accident in 2007. The 36-year-old, who is 16 weeks pregnant, said she was "over the moon" to finish the run. Mrs Lomas has no feeling below her chest and used a robotic exoskeleton
Six suicide attackers and an Afghan security guard were killed. At least 17 civilians were injured. A minibus was detonated but another bomb-laden car defused. The Taliban, who have launched several high-profile raids on Kabul, said they were behind the attack.
China's central bank has tried to clamp down on rising prices. But that has done little to allay the woes of young workers who earn low wages.
Two men, aged 18 and 21, arrested on suspicion of murder on Tuesday. Colin Hughes was attacked in Old Swan in September 2010 as he went to investigate a noise at the door of his home.
Nelson Mandela Foundation says President Zuma has "failed the test" of leadership. It says key government institutions are being used to advance "private interests" Zuma has been dogged by allegations of corruption for more than a decade. His legal team is trying to prevent release of a report
Tattoo parlours will also need licences under the Public Health Bill. There will also be a ban on intimate piercings for the under-16s. Councils will be expected to produce a local toilets' strategy.
Raheem Sterling has rejected a £100,000-a-week contract offer from Liverpool. The 20-year-old has two years left on his current deal worth £35,000 a week. Liverpool manager Brendan Rodgers says the club did not give Sterling permission to speak to BBC
Hong Kong is one of the world's most unequal places in terms of income distribution. One in five of its seven million people live in poverty, according to government figures. Among the elderly, one in three lives below the poverty line. Bangalore is India's knitting hub thanks to grann
Goldman Sachs led the risers, up 0.24% while sportswear giant Nike led the fallers, down 1.2%. Technology-heavy Nasdaq jumped 24.75 points to 5,487 while S&P 500 added 5.09 points to 2,268.
The event will feature a number of Rio 2016 Paralympic medallists. Great Britain last hosted the Europeans in 2011 in Crawley. Judo for blind and visually-impaired athletes is similar to the sighted sport.
Hospital was at the centre of a Â£6m public inquiry into care failings. University Hospitals of North Midlands NHS Trust was created in November. Inspectors visited County Hospital, formerly Stafford Hospital, and Royal Stoke University Hospital, also run by the trust, in April.
Cotter has named his squad for November's autumn Test series. Scotland face Australia (12 November), Argentina (19 November) and Georgia (26 November) in his last autumn internationals as Scotland head coach. Glasgow Warriors boss Townsend will replace Cotter in June.
Facebook bought WhatsApp for $19bn (Â£14.6bn) in 2014 as a way to reach out to a younger audience. The Hamburg Commissioner for Data Protection and Freedom of Information said that the social network had not obtained effective approval from WhatsApp's 35 million German users. Whats
Friends creator James Burrows will be honoured in a special. Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox, Lisa Kudrow and Matt LeBlanc expected to take part. Perry has written and will star in a play set to run in London's West End.
Prime Minister and Wales' First Minister among those to give praise to the team. Gareth Bale thanks fans for their support after the match, tweeting: "No regrets tonight, we gave everything" Wales started the tournament as 100/1 outsiders but beat Northern Ireland and Belgium.
Muslim Council of Britain announces Visit My Mosque Day. Leaders from other religions also invited to "demonstrate unity" MCB has raised concerns about anti-Muslim sentiment since Paris killings.
Howe has been linked with the vacant England job following Sam Allardyce's departure. The 38-year-old guided Bournemouth to Premier League safety last season. Howe won the Championship title with the Cherries in 2015.
Chancellor George Osborne says the referendum issue is "deadly serious" Former Chancellor Lord Lawson says the G20's warning is "absurd" because 15 of its members are outside EU. UK will vote on whether to leave or remain in the EU on 23 June.
Daniel Smith was 21 when he was commended for his brave actions in Iraq. But he has since found it difficult to get treatment, his marriage has failed and he is struggling to find work. For a number of nights each week he sleeps in his car to get away from people.
Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton would put liberal justices on Supreme Court if she wins. He said: "Hillary wants to abolish, essentially abolish the Second Amendment. By the way, and if she gets to pick her judges, nothing you can do, folks" The Second Amendment enshrines the right
Posters with the slogan "liar, liar" aimed at MPs who U-turned over pledge to oppose fee increases. "We won't let them trade lies for power again," says NUS president Toni Pearce. The coalition government's decision to raise fees provoked a series of sometimes
Kevin Hyland is the new anti-trafficking commissioner for human trafficking. He says it is 'deeply concerning' that hundreds of Nigerians are brought in every year. More than 2,000 potential trafficking victims were referred to authorities in 2014. 244 of those referred were from
As people age, their cells age, causing DNA protectors to shorten. But health and lifestyle factors may speed up the process. Even in old age, it was important to keep active and avoid sitting for more than 10 hours a day.
Deputy Prime Minister Bulent Arinc apologises for violent police response to initial protests. He said the original protests were "just and legitimate" and the "excessive use of force" by police was wrong. Arinc is due to hold a meeting with activists later on Wednesday.
Prices were up to 5.4% compared to the same quarter in 2015. The average standardised price across all property types is just over Â£124,000. Biggest annual rise in the third quarter was in the Antrim and Newtownabbey council district.
Best-selling author was speaking at the presentation of the 2014 Costa Book Prize. Helen Macdonald's memoir H is for Hawk was named Costa Book of the Year. A BBC spokesman said books and authors were "at the heart" of the corporation.
Samuel Armstrong, 23, of Copt Hill, Danbury, Essex, is charged with two counts of rape and one of sexual assault. He has been suspended from his position as chief of staff to South Thanet's Tory MP Craig Mackinlay. The charge follows an alleged incident at Parliament
Freeston Academy in Normanton, near Wakefield, was badly damaged. More than 50 firefighters attended after the alarm was raised at 09:10 BST. Fire service said there were no injuries and students were unaffected.
Worcester Warriors will play their home games on an all-weather pitch next season. The Premiership club are laying a new organic surface at Sixways. Warriors' three pre-season matches are all away - against Clermont Auvergne, Jersey and Munster.
At the end of Wednesday's trading, the FTSE 100 was down 0.62% or 46.33 points at 7,478.62. Banking stocks were among the top risers, with Lloyds Banking Group up 1.65% and RBS adding 1.35
Hollywood Presbyterian Medical Center was hit by a form of malware. Hackers demanded a ransom of 40 bitcoins, equivalent to approximately $17,000. All systems currently in use had been cleared of malware and thoroughly tested.
Emily Gilruth, 40, fell from her mount Topwood Beau and was airlifted to hospital. British Eventing said last week she suffered a traumatic brain injury. The 40-year-old is due to be moved to the neurological ward at Bristol's Southmead Hospital.
David Haines was abducted while working as an aid worker in Syria. He was held hostage for 18 months before a video of his murder was posted online. His brother Mike has been travelling the country spreading a message of tolerance. Urged UK communities to 'extend the hand of friendship'
Commons Speaker John Bercow decided to pause the process amid MPs' concerns. He told MPs that it was "imperative" that the future status and remit of the job was agreed upon. MPs have questioned the selection of Carol Mills - who works in the Australian Parliament.
Katy Stott was born 2,000ft above Orkney in 1973 on a special air ambulance flight. The aircraft was only a few minutes into the short flight when Katy's mother Freida Devin gave birth. She was christened Katy Ferguson Leynair Devin, adopting the surname
Labour leadership frontrunner made the remarks in 2011, shortly after Bin Laden was shot dead. A spokesman for Mr Corbyn defended the remarks saying he was "a total opponent of al-Qaeda, all it stands for" Andy Burnham appealed to undecided voters, saying it was still "all to play
Jolie has 'felt a deep connection to Africa and its culture for much of my life' Leakey's extreme measures to tackle poachers have helped Kenya's elephant and rhino populations recover from the brink of disaster. The screenplay has been written by Eric Roth - who won an
The BBC has signed a deal with 20th Century Fox to show new episodes of Family Guy. Agreement also includes American Dad, The Cleveland Show and Bordertown. Family Guy has been a major part of the BBC Three schedule since 2006. There's been discussion over what would happen
Synchronised wreath-laying ceremonies will take place in counties Cork, Meath, Wexford, Galway and Dublin. The commemoration events have been organised by the Irish government. More than 450 people were killed and 2,500 injured during the fighting.
Theresa May has been appointing her first cabinet after taking over from David Cameron. Mr Mundell has been the MP for Dumfriesshire, Clydesdale and Tweeddale since 2005. He was under-secretary of state for Scotland from 2010 to 2015 and became Scottish Secretary in
Sir Paul is worth an estimated £20m more than last year. He enjoys a significant boost from his American heiress wife's £150m stake in her family's US trucking business. It puts him well ahead of his nearest rival on the list, Andrew Lloyd Webber.
Marks, from Kenfig Hill, Bridgend county, announced last year he had inoperable bowel cancer. Jailed in the US in 1990 after being convicted of smuggling cannabis, he recalled his exploits in a best-selling autobiography. The father of four stood for election to Parliament in
Somerset beaten by Middlesex in County Championship Division One match at Taunton. Middlesex complete a dramatic run chase with two balls remaining to win by two wickets. Victory leaves Somerset sixth in the table, 45 points behind league leaders Middlesex. Marcus Tres
Budget process is being delivered this week, and the legislative timetable squeezed. What can be expected of John Swinney's taxation and spending plans? Let's play budget bingo.
Sir Jimmy was awarded the OBE in 1971, and received his knighthood from the Queen in 1996. Honours can be taken away in cases when recipients are judged to have brought the honours system into disrepute. Cabinet Office explained that there were no legal arrangements in place
Chelsea beat Manchester United 1-0 in the FA Cup quarter-final. N'Golo Kante scored the only goal of the game. Jose Mourinho and Antonio Conte argued throughout the match.
Wasps player-manager named League One manager of the month for February. The 35-year-old took charge in October after Jack Ross moved to Goodwin's former club, St Mirren. Wasps sit second in the table and look certainties for at least a promotion play-off
Leicester City sacked manager Claudio Ranieri on Thursday. Ranieri led the Foxes to the Premier League title last season. It is the second season in succession a Premier League-winning manager has failed to survive the following campaign.
Gareth Colfer-Williams, 25, died last week at his home in Swansea. The city is at the centre of an epidemic of the disease which has reached 942 cases. An inquest will be opened and adjourned on Tuesday to allow further tests.
17-year-old denies the preparation of terrorist acts and a count of making explosives. He posted a picture of Thomas Mair on Facebook the day the MP died. But he told the court earlier: "Even if we do consider someone an enemy, I don't think they should be
Clive Lewis was one of 52 Labour MPs to defy party orders to back the bill. PM Theresa May wants to trigger formal talks by invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. Mr Lewis said he "cannot, in all good conscience, vote for something I believe will ultimately harm the city
Ministers say three quarters of businesses' rates will either go down or stay the same. Business groups and some Tory MPs have warned of high street store closures. Bob Neill said the Valuation Office Agency was "wholly out of touch" He said high street shops in London and
Ricky Miller scores his 19th goal of the season to put Dover 2-0 up after 46 minutes. Moses Emmanuel doubles the lead three minutes later to make it comfortable for the hosts. Dover remain sixth in the National League, one point off the play-off places.
Taylor made his first-class debut in 2014. The 21-year-old has claimed 43 wickets in 15 matches. Taylor produced career-best figures of 6-61 in last year's loss to Lancashire.
Leah Washington, 18, Vicky Balch, 20, Joe Pugh, 18 and Daniel Thorpe, 27, all suffered leg injuries. 12 other people were trapped 25ft (7.6m) off the ground for several hours. More than 30 firefighters worked alongside ambulance crews
Banks colluded, using online chat rooms to co-ordinate fictitious bids and offers in order to sway the market, the competition commission says. Barclays, JP Morgan and HSBC are among 17 banks named as part of the two-year investigation. Several banks have already said they will
Welsh boxer Cordina says he will turn professional in the near future. The 24-year-old lost to Hurshid Tojibaev in the last-16 of the lightweight division at Rio 2016. Cordina won bronze at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Cameras are the first to go into operation on a Welsh section of the M4. During a pilot before Christmas around 700 drivers a day were caught. But around 125-a-day have been caught in less than a week.
The plants were found during the search of a warehouse near Ashbourne. Police said they were in "an elaborate grow house" A man in his late 40s was arrested at the scene.
Separatist and pro-Russian feelings are strong in Ukraine's Crimea region. Russian MPs say a referendum or a plea from a territory's leaders would be enough to trigger the new provisions. In Sevastopol, base of the Russian Black Sea Fleet, a majority hold Russian passports.
Total number of teachers in Scotland is up for the first time in several years. But in 12 local authorities the numbers fell, with the largest percentage drop in Moray. Scottish Labour accused the SNP of "slashing" spending on Scotland's pupils. The Scottish Conservatives said teacher numbers were
The van driver had picked up the thief in Yeaman Place in his red Renault Trafic van. As he dropped him off in Forbes Road, the thief pulled out a knife. He took a two-figure sum of money and left in the direction of Bruntsfield Place.
Albert Patterson, 65, was jailed for 15 months at Hereford Crown Court. He had already admitted three firearms offences, possessing prohibited ammunition and possessing ammunition without a certificate. Former SAS soldier Lofty Wiseman described him as a "good lad" who had been naive.
Unisex facilities will spare officials having to decide how to share out male and female stalls. The toilet, in a busy park in Pudong New Area, will have 10 unisex stalls, plus some urinals and a stall for disabled people. To guarantee safety and privacy,
Andre Meister and Markus Beckedahl published classified documents on the website Netzpolitik. Last week the journalists announced that they were being investigated for treason. Thousands took to the streets of Berlin in support of the website. Germany's painful experience of totalitarianism during the 20th Century
The ISS is a giant laboratory and every inhabitant is expected to get involved in the research. Some of the research is aimed specifically at gaining new insights that will benefit future generations of spacefarers. Other experiments are designed to have a relevance to life here on Earth.
Leeds have kept clean sheets in their last two games and conceded just two goals. The Yorkshire side were beaten in their opening two league matches of the season. Central defender Pontus Jansson has played a key role in their improvement.
Hearts owner Ann Budge said last month that she hoped the work would be completed in September 2017. The new stand will increase the capacity to more than 7,200 from 4,720. Plans involve demolishing large sections of the existing main stand.
North Rhine-Westphalia vote is viewed as a bellwether for general election in September. Martin Schulz, the charismatic SPD leader, has thrown down the gauntlet. If his party wins here, he declared recently, he will be the next German chancellor. But since
Sergei Glazyev says the US is spending $20m a week on Ukrainian opposition groups. Accuses the US of ignoring the Memorandum on Security Assurances. Suggests Moscow could also intervene. Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych due to meet Mr Putin on Friday in Sochi.
Patrick Maloney, 43, died as a result of'multiple crushing injuries' He was hit by a vehicle at Toddbury Farm, near Leighton Buzzard. A second man, Thomas McCarthy, 24, was previously charged with murder.
Dispute arose after the assembly passed a law last year to set minimum wages. UK Attorney General Dominic Grieve originally blocked a law passed by AMs. Grieve said it was not within the assembly's powers. Welsh government said it could now create an Agricultural Advisory Panel.
Liam Payne thanks fans for sticking with the band. He tweeted: "Your the real Heros here thanks for not thinking it's finished" Band continued their On the Road Again tour and have been playing concerts in South Africa.
Abortion is currently illegal in Sierra Leone under any circumstances. The law would allow women to terminate a pregnancy in any circumstances up to 12 weeks. Sierra Leone has the world's highest maternal mortality ratio at 1,360 deaths per 100,000 live births last year.
Kenyatta says foreign aid "often carries terms and conditions that preclude progress" Aid is believed to account for 5-6% of Kenya's total income. "It is time to give it up," he writes.
22-year-old midfielder returns to his native Denmark. Christensen has been unable to establish himself as a first-team regular since his arrival from FC Midtjylland in January 2012. He played a total of 68 games for the club, scoring seven goals.
Konrad, 38, swam the equivalent of 290 lengths of an Olympic-size swimming pool. The boat, which was on auto pilot, drifted away from him off the South Florida coast. Friends became concerned when he failed to return for dinner.
Troubles victims' commissioner Judith Thompson said it had been a "bitter pill for victims to swallow" Sinn FÃ©in's Martin McGuinness said talks on the legacy of the past failed because the government would not commit to full disclosure of classified documents relating to Troubles incidents.
The Beatles first performed at the Cavern on 9 February, 1961. The original Cavern had started life as a jazz venue in 1957. By 1961 it was moving towards rock and roll - driven more by plain economics than any change in musical taste. A 40-metre long light installation is being
Watson was beaten 7-6 (7-2) 6-2 by the Estonian Anett Kontaveit, who is the world number 99. The 24-year-old faced 18 break points - compared to just one for her opponent. Broady was beaten 6-
Ms Yingluck was removed by a court in May 2014, shortly before the military ousted her elected government. She was later impeached over the rice subsidy scheme and banned from politics for five years. If found guilty on the charge of negligence, she could be jailed for up to 10 years.
Labour leader unveils pledge stone at hustings event in Bermondsey, south London. The 8ft stone has already prompted its own hashtag #EdStone. Miliband says he wants to be the first politician to 'over deliver' and not 'under promise' David Cameron and
Parkside and Howdenburn Primaries and Jedburgh Grammar School would be closed. All education for children aged from two to 18 would be on one site at Hartrigge Park. The ground was bought for housing by Jedburgh Town Council over 50 years ago.
Comedian Norman Collier, who had Parkinson's disease, died on Thursday. Collier rose to fame on the club circuit and got his big break on the Royal Variety Show. He was a contemporary of Little and Large and often worked with them on stage. Best known for his
Crawley Town defeated Leyton Orient 3-0 in their Championship clash. Three first-half goals from James Collins, Joe McNerney and Enzio Boldewijn secured three points for Crawley. Leyton Orient lost defender Tom Parkes to injury in the first half
William Stuart, 10, has autism and a condition called global developmental delay (GDD) The iPad was his only way of communicating and without it he is more isolated than ever. The theft of the device, which was loaded with communication software Proloquo, was discovered on Tuesday.
EY Item Club said higher inflation caused by a weaker pound would result in GDP growth of 1.3% in 2017. But it said rising demand for exports would offset this somewhat. Sterling has fallen by 17% against the dollar since the UK voted to quit the EU last June.
Invisible Edinburgh said the aim was to reveal a different side to Scotland's capital city. The tours start in the Grassmarket, Castle Terrace and Middle Meadow Walk. Each has a different theme and is tailored to the guide's individual experience. Venture has funding from the Edinburgh Airport
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, took their own lives at HMP Woodhill. Relatives claimed governor had not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions. Governor and Justice Secretary Liz Truss said judicial review claim was "neither appropriate or necessary"
It is nearly one year since a massive earthquake hit Kathmandu and its surrounding areas, killing thousands of people. If you lived through the disaster we would like to hear from you. You can email haveyoursay@bbc.co.uk with your stories. Your pictures
Final instalment in Christopher Nolan's trilogy, starring Christian Bale. The Telegraph said "a breathless, bravura final act" brings the story to "a ferociously satisfying close" Daily Mail branded the film, released in the UK on 20 July, "humourless"
Hurst joined Mansfield in June after being released by Southend. The 31-year-old former Sheffield United trainee had not started in a league game since 17 December. He could make his debut for Guiseley when they travel to Wrexham.
Charli XCX, Ella Eyre and Lianne La Havas will appear at Bestival. Neneh Cherry, Andreya Triana and Radio 1 DJ B.Traits are among other female acts. Other festivals have been criticised for the lack of women on their bills.
Shares in British Gas owner Centrica were the best performer. BAE Systems rose 1.3% as the company forecast earnings growth of up to 10% in 2016. Tullow Oil tumbled 11% after the oil producer said there could be an issue with a storage vessel at its flagship
World Anti-Doping Agency said many athletes who had been targeted for testing "simply could not be found" Wada said on some days, up to 50% of tests were aborted. It said chaperones did not know where athletes were and had to ask team-mates where they
Two employees of the Council on American Islamic Relations (CAIR) quarantined in the office. Note reading "die a painful death, Muslims," was in the envelope with the powder. Initial tests showed that the powder is not hazardous, and the quarantine has been lifted. The package is
Isobel Parker, 23, died at a property in Burnham-on-Crouch on 17 July. Her mother described her as a "bubbly girl" and a "fantastic mother who adored spending time with her two precious children" Matthew Smith has been charged with
Zhou Chengjian has been named as the country's 62nd richest person. Started out as a tailor and built Metersbonwe into one of China's biggest. Chinese media reports have speculated he has been picked up by the police.
BBC bosses kept the launch of a new BBC Scotland channel entirely secret until it was announced to staff on Wednesday morning. Staff, viewers and politicians were expecting to be told that plans for a 'Scottish Six' had been shelved. No one knew that there would be an hour-long
Scheme must be in place by 2023, but the WAO wants it brought in sooner. It said a detailed, time-bound plan for implementation should be outlined. Auditors highlighted problems with medicine storage and gaps in information.
Royal Mail is now seeking cost savings of £600m a year, up from a previous target of £500m. Its shares slid 7.6% to their lowest level since March, and the company was the biggest faller on the FTSE 100, the UK's main share index
Strathspey Steam Railway needs a crossing on the River Dulnain. The group runs locomotives along 10 miles of line between Aviemore and Broomhill. It needs three more miles of track to link up with Grantown.
Der Spiegel predicts a threefold catastrophe: bad for Germany, bad for Britain and bad for Europe. Die Zeit envisages a doomsday scenario: panic at the London stock exchange, a scramble among Europe's leaders to maintain a united front, a party for Marine le Pen and independence for Scotland.
Laura Turner sent lewd messages to co-worker while on duty, tribunal heard. Staff at University Hospital of North Durham said her comments were 'devastating' Ms Turner was dismissed after the Facebook comments were shared in March 2014. Panel chairman said her conduct 'fell well short of what would
Wakaa The Musical is the first Nigerian-produced musical to be performed at a London theatre. It follows the fate of a group of young graduates as they begin to find their way in the world. The show aims to give audiences a taste of modern day Nigeria.
Prominent voices in the music industry have accused YouTube of paying low royalties. The company said it had faced a "chorus of music label representatives and artists" accusing it of "mistreating" songwriters and performers. Hank Green, a prominent video producer and entrepreneur, said YouTube gave musicians "
Vivian Gabb, 59, was unaware that her email had been hacked. Criminals sent her a message disguised as a follow-up email from her solicitor. They asked for nearly £50,000 to be paid into their account.
Incident happened on the A98, three miles from Fraserburgh, at about 22:15. The female driver, who was the only person in the vehicle, was taken to hospital.
Researchers have made a digital Argentinosaurus robot to work out how this 80-tonne monster would have moved its vast bulk. University of Manchester researchers map muscles and tendons on to the skeleton using the anatomy of modern animals as a guide. The resulting steady march of this digital dinosaur revealed that
Braulio Jatar was born in Chile and has Venezuelan nationality. He is an open supporter of the opposition and runs a news website on Margarita island. Venezuela accused Chile of "inadmissible interventionism" and a "lack of diplomatic circumspection"
Council's environmental and public protection scrutiny committee will consider proposals on Monday. A consultation prompted 620 responses, with 98% saying owners should clean up after pets. But 70% did not want to see dogs excluded from beaches.
The Dow Jones added 58.69 points to finish at 17,958.79, while the S&P 500 added 3.45 points to 2,075.37. The tech-heavy Nasdaq index climbed 11.32 points to close at 4,780.76. JP Morgan
International Bomber Command Centre is being built in Lincolnshire. Lincolnshire became known as Bomber County in the war. The centre is due to open in 2016 but a memorial spire has already been erected. Organisers want to invite every veteran to the unveiling in October.
More than 16 million drivers are set to take to UK roads this weekend. Four million will travel on Good Friday and 4.5 million on Easter Sunday. Motorists advised to take note of travel information and allow plenty of time.
The bus was carrying a group of pensioners on a holiday to Lake Garda in Italy. It collided with a lorry and burst into flames near Stammbach in northern Bavaria. The lorry's trailer was also incinerated and the burnt-out wreck ended up a short distance
Magoffin has missed three of Sussex's previous four games with a knee injury. The 37-year-old suffered the injury on 4 June against Worcestershire. Sussex are currently fifth in the Division Two table.
England lose by nine wickets to Pakistan at Old Trafford. Set 136 to win, Pakistan reached their target inside 15 overs. Sharjeel Khan (59) and Khalid Latif (59 not out) shared an opening stand of 107. It is England's joint-second biggest T20
Ann Maguire, 61, was stabbed to death by a 15-year-old pupil in Leeds in April. Her attacker Will Cornick, now 16, was jailed for a minimum of 20 years in November. Plaque is displayed at the pavilion at Wigan's Mesnes Park
SNP leader praised Ms Wood for being modern, principled and passionate. Ms Sturgeon said the leadership qualities of Ms Wood were proved in TV debates. She told Plaid's conference in Aberystwyth she knew Ms Wood would "stand firm" against cuts.
The incident took place on a train service between Dunblane and Edinburgh. British Transport Police said the guard on board was shouted and sworn at aggressively. The man was described as aged about 20-years-old, of skinny build, with short blonde hair.
Maya Kodnani convicted of murder, attempted murder and conspiracy. Thirty others received life sentences for their part in the killings in Naroda Patiya, a suburb of Ahmedabad. Riots left more than 1,000 people, mostly Muslims, dead, and were among India's worst
Bangladesh's home minister says attackers belonged to banned militant group. IS group said it was behind the attack but the government has denied this. The men were said to belong to well-to-do local families. They studied in private schools and universities, not in Islamic seminaries.
Conor McGregor submits waiver to Nevada Athletic Commission. McGregor will be allowed to use 8oz gloves against Floyd Mayweather at 154lbs. Mayweather posted on Instagram last week that he would be using 8oz Grant gloves. NAC rules state fights at 154 lbs require 10oz
Federal Court told six firms to divulge names and addresses of those who downloaded The Dallas Buyers Club. Case was lodged by the US company that owns the rights to the 2013 movie. The court said the data could only be used to secure "compensation for the infringements" of copyright
Flower was sent off in the first minute of the 2014 Grand Final against St Helens. The 28-year-old will miss the final Super Eights game against Catalans and the semi-final. A disciplinary panel also fined the Wales international £300 for the grade C offence.
Nasa hopes to send humans to Mars by 2030s. Has been exploring Mars with robots for the last 40 years to learn more about the planet. Plan includes a number of new gadgets to test out on the Red Planet. Will team up with the European Space Agency for Asteroid Red
Shares of Hewlett Packard-Packard Inc fell 4% on Thursday. Dow Jones gained 19 points to close at 17,812, S&P 500 rose 2 points to 2,079.22, Nasdaq gained 20 points to 5,102. HP split into
Nigerian military says hostages were freed during major operations in Sambisa Forest. But it said the girls abducted from a school in Chibok in April 2014 were not among them. The girls and women were freed in the seizure of four Boko Haram camps in the area. N
US chose not to veto UN Security Council resolution calling for an end to settlement construction. Decision to abstain infuriated Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who said he had 'ironclad information' from Arab sources that the White House helped draft the language of the resolution. More than 500,000
Lasse Schone's penalty puts Ajax ahead. Hakim Ziyech doubles Ajax's lead. Nicolai Brock-Madsen pulls one back for PEC Zwolle. Justin Kluivert comes on as substitute for Amin Younes. Feyeno
96,910 residential transactions in June, on a seasonally-adjusted basis. That is a fall of 3.3% on May's number, and the lowest total since October 2016. Last summer's sales were depressed by the introduction of additional stamp duty rates.
Barnsley have lost their last seven league games. They were knocked out of the FA Cup in the first round by Altrincham. The Reds have won just four of their 16 matches this season.
La La Land is the follow up to Damien Chazelle's Oscar-winning film Whiplash. The People's Choice has proved to be a decent predictor for Oscars success in recent years. Previous winners include 12 Years a Slave and The King's Speech.
Firefighters in Hampshire cook giant Indian bread measuring 3.79m (12ft 5in) by 1.4m (4ft 7in) It beats the previous record of 9.5kg (20lb 15oz) by Loblaw Companies Limited in Brampton, Ontario, Canada.
Edinburgh to host the International Festival, the Fringe and the Military Tattoo. Military Tattoo will pay tribute to the Queen, who celebrated her 90th birthday this year. The Fringe remains the world's largest arts festival with 3,269 shows at 294 venues. International Festival
The boy, from Lincolnshire, groomed some of the girls on Facebook. He was aged between 14 and 16 when he committed the 10 offences over a 17-month period. His victims were five girls aged between 12 and 15, including two who had sex with him. Judge Michael
French financier Jean-Baptiste de Franssu will take over as head of the bank. Ernst von Freyberg was appointed by former Pope Benedict just before his retirement. Bank will eventually give up its investment activities to focus on serving religious orders and charities.
YouGov poll suggests Jeremy would get 53% of support in final round of voting. Andy Burnham on 26%, Yvette Cooper on 20% and Liz Kendall on 11%. Shadow minister Tristram Hunt warns victory could reduce Labour to pressure group.
Amnesty would have applied to offences committed during the political turmoil after Thailand's 2006 coup. The bill's passage in the lower house triggered large street protests. As the bill went to the Senate, tens of thousands of protesters took to the streets of Bangkok. Prime Minister Yingluck Shinaw
JP Morgan's Daniel Pinto said "hundreds" of staff may move to Dublin, Frankfurt and Luxembourg. It is understood that the number of people who would be relocated involves between 500 and 1,000 jobs. Standard Chartered said it was in talks with German regulators about making Frankfurt its
Holly Bradshaw sets new British women's pole vault record of 4.80m. Jonnie Peacock wins T44 men's 100m in 10.92 seconds. Sophie Kamlish makes it a British double in the T44 100m with victory in T44 women's
Overweight children eat similar food to healthy weight children but have bigger portions. University College, London report said parents may not realise how much young children should be eating. Study looked at eating diaries parents kept for 2,564 children between four and 18 months old.
DUP's actions have "diminished the credibility" of political institutions. Nominating officer Michelle O'Neill says it's now up to the people to have their say.
Kadcyla is used to treat a specific type of tumour - HER2-positive. Currently, it is not approved for use on the NHS in Scotland. The Scottish Medicines Consortium is due to take evidence on Tuesday. Lesley Graham is one of four women who have launched a
Tranmere Rovers beat Dover Athletic 4-1 in the National League. Andy Cook scored twice to take his season tally to 10 goals. Mitchell Walker scored an own goal and Ben Tollitt added a fourth for Rovers.
Owen and Karl Oyston sued fan David Ragozzino for Â£150,000 over a post on website Another View From the Tower. The 32-year-old said he had "limited financial means" and feared what would happen should the Oystons win the case.
Team Sky's Chris Froome wins 20th stage of the Tour de France. Spanish Movistar rider Jon Izaguirre wins in Morzine to maintain overall lead. Froome's lead over Romain Bardet of four minutes five seconds will not be tested in Paris.
The first half of the Glasgow School of Art building was completed in 1899. The dramatic art nouveau design of the building took another 12 years to be completed. It heralded the birth of a new style in 20th Century European architecture.
Dom Thomas has joined Queens Park Rangers from Motherwell. The winger has spent the first half of this season on loan at Dumbarton. He has made seven first-team appearances for Motherwell but most of them have been as a sub. Queens boss Neil Naysmith says he
Mr McIlhagga, 42, was killed by a masked gang outside a house in Ballymoney, County Antrim, on 3 January. The three men arrested on Wednesday are aged 24, 41 and 48. A number of other men arrested previously were released without charge.
Sightseers warned to stay away from the scene of the grounding. 300m temporary exclusion zone has been put in place around Dalmore beach. The rig broke free from its tug during towing and severe weather prevented the line being reconnected.
The man had left the medals on a work surface to clean before leaving his home. He returned to find that they had vanished and police are appealing for information. Among the collection was a bronze 1939-45 star, a bronze France and Germany star and a police long service medal.
Business minister Jo Johnson dismissed a ban and insisted current laws work well. Debate came after a petition to restrict the use of fireworks attracted more than 100,000 names. Petition was started by Jill Cutsforth and Julie Doorne to reduce stress and fear in people.
Cruz and Rubio are the first two speakers at the Sunshine Summit presidential forum in Orlando, Florida. Mr Cruz attacked Mr Rubio for his bipartisan work in the Senate to pass immigration reform in 2013. He said the Florida Senator backed legalisation that would give a pathway to citizenship for undocumented workers.
Victim claims no-one responded when he brought the alleged offences to light. He made allegations verbally to the Bishop of Doncaster, Right Reverend Peter Burrows. Complaint is being reviewed by the Church of England, his lawyer said. West Yorkshire Police said it is investigating a report
British Horseracing Authority has invited applications from racecourses to stage fixtures on Good Friday for the first time from next year. Jockeys are concerned they will lose one of only four blank days in the racing calendar, and one which falls the day after their popular annual Lesters awards.
Welsh government said banning companies from procurement processes would be illegal. Report produced to coincide with International Women's Day. Women in Democracy Caucus also wants more support for women AMs and TV experts.
Mesut Ozil is under contract with Arsenal until 2018. The 28-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester City. Ozil joined Arsenal from Real Madrid for £42.4m in 2013.
Samy Amimour was one of three suicide attackers who killed 90 people at concert. He was buried in a cemetery in Seine-Saint-Denis, where his parents live. Only a few people attended and the grave is unmarked.
Wade Ormsby of Australia leads by two shots after a five-under-par 67. Tommy Fleetwood is tied for sixth, three shots adrift of leader. Defending champion Henrik Stenson of Sweden also cards 67.
Ruweyda suffers from selective mutism, a type of anxiety disorder. She has started taking a music class which has helped her to speak at school.
Eight bottles of whisky were recovered by a diver in 1987. The National Trust for Scotland has suggested that two bottles could be added. Many other bottles were salvaged from the SS Politician at the time.
Blick Mead site is about 1.5 miles (2.4km) from Stonehenge. Carbon dating results have just been confirmed, says University of Buckingham's David Jacques. But he raises concerns about possible damage to the site over plans to build a road tunnel. Department
Think tank Centre for Economic Performance says decline in trade would cost economy 'far more' than would be gained from lower EU contributions. In the longer term, the average cost to households could be up to £6,400. Vote Leave describes the claims as "ridiculous" and lacking "
Nouha Dicko gave Wolves the lead with a low first-time shot on the run. Leeds turned up the pressure after the break, but Andy Lonergan saved from Souleymane Doukara and Kortney Hause cleared off the line. The win secures Wolves
Actress said she only found out how much less she was being paid when emails from Sony Pictures were hacked last year. She also opened up about how she is treated as a woman in Hollywood. "I'm over trying to find the 'adorable' way to state my opinion and still
Simon Dredge suffered life-threatening injuries in the crash on Wednesday. He was travelling in the boat along with three other professional crew including his father Peter, a champion powerboat racer. The boat was on its first test run when it overturned just after 08:20 BST.
Ponds on the surface of the Khumbu glacier in the Himalayas have expanded and joined together to form larger bodies of water. Scientists say the warning is the first of its kind for the glacier. Accelerated meltdown of glaciers in the region is causing concern against a backdrop of
CNN.com has teamed up with CNN.com to bring you the latest news from Rio de Janeiro. Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest breaking news.
Priest Lucio Vallejo Balda given Christmas-time clemency after serving half of 18-month sentence. Priest's professional ties to the Vatican have ended, Vatican says. He will now be under the authority of the Bishop of Astorga in Spain.
George Takei, who played Sulu in the original Star Trek TV series, described the move as "really unfortunate" "I'm a little stunned there's been so much attention given to it," Chris Pine, the current Captain Kirk, added. "It was not something that was flippant
Labour's Sadiq Khan defeated Zac Goldsmith to become London's next mayor. He came out on top in three constituencies that had voted for Boris Johnson in 2012. In the London Assembly election, Labour secured 12 seats while the Conservatives secured eight. The SNP will retain its grip on government
Iain Duncan Smith says reforms will save Â£50bn by the end of this Parliament. Tougher criteria for people seeking disability allowance will be introduced. Disabilities Trust charity says reforms are part of a 'triple whammy' of factors hitting disabled people.
Eugene awarded 2021 World Championships without a bidding process. Gothenburg, which missed out, described the process as "bad ethics" But Eugene said it "adhered to all ethical and legal standards" French officials are already investigating corruption allegations involving former IAAF president Lamine Diack.
Mr Johnson has been an outspoken opponent of further expansion at Heathrow. He told LBC he would be best placed to continue to fight expansion by staying in Parliament. Fellow Conservative MP Zac Goldsmith has pledged to quit the party and force a by-election.
Torquay Gulls beat Harriers 2-1 in the FA Cup third round. Nathan Smith scored an 82nd-minute winner after a goalmouth scramble. Kelvin Langmead and Arthur Gnahoua had given the hosts the lead in the first half.
Kyaw Win admitted buying the bogus PhD from a fictitious online university. He was caught when the National League for Democracy party made his CV public. It remains to be seen if Kyaw Win remains on the list of cabinet ministers to take office next week.
Francis Rowntree, 11, was hit on the head by a rubber bullet in April 1972. He died in hospital several days later from his injuries. Former Royal Anglian Regiment member who fired the bullet is known to the court as soldier B. Coroner Jim Kitson
The BBC said it will revert to its original Today at Wimbledon format. Last year's show saw presenters mingle with a live audience and included funny home-video clips. It was widely criticised and forced the corporation to tweak its format halfway through the tournament. Clare Balding
Homeowners own the boundary wall along the River Arun at Arundel, West Sussex. It gave way in January after high tides and heavy rainfall. Insurers have refused to pay for repairs and the Environment Agency said it is the owners' responsibility. Local MP Nick Herbert described it
David Annett, 38, pleaded guilty at Craigavon Crown Court to a total of four charges. He admitted defrauding the First Trust Bank, two counts of theft and transferring over £110,000 of property. In August 2012, Annett went into Lurgan police station to
Manchester United beat Hull City 1-0 in their Premier League clash at the KCOM Stadium. Substitute Marcus Rashford scored the winner with a header from Wayne Rooney's cross. United and Chelsea are now the only Premier League sides with a 100% record from three games. Hull
Argentina coach Luis Enrique Bauza has been sacked by the national team. La Albiceleste are currently fifth in South American World Cup qualifying group. Bauza's final match was a 2-0 defeat in Bolivia, hours after captain Lionel Messi was given a four-match
Ms Pomsel was one of the last surviving members of Nazi hierarchy. She worked as Joseph Goebbels' secretary in 1942, when he was propaganda minister. Said she knew nothing of the murder of six million Jews during the Holocaust. Was captured by Soviet troops at the end of World
Nato secretary-general says Russia has not provided "any real explanation" of its incursion. Russia says Saturday's incursion was brief and due to bad weather; it is examining claims of another violation. Turkey's army also says an unidentified fighter jet locked its radar on to eight of
Swansea beat Everton 1-0 in their Premier League clash on Saturday. Fernando Llorente scored the only goal of the game as Swansea climb out of the bottom three. Manager Paul Clement hails Leon Britton's brilliant idea of paying for supporters' tickets.
Sunni jihadist group, Islamic State, said it was behind the Sadr City bombing. It targeted Shia militiamen from the Mahdi Army and Popular Mobilisation forces. The attack was one of the deadliest in Baghdad since Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi took office a year ago.
Cheryl Cope, 51, from Haringey, had suffered flu-like symptoms for 10 days. She was admitted to the Whittington Hospital but died 24 hours later. Her inquest heard she should have been diagnosed as having sepsis. The hospital admitted Mrs Cope should
Gary Price was suspended from Powys council duties for five months in November. His appeal has been dismissed by the Adjudication Panel for Wales. He was found to have sent information which the council said "incorrectly and unfairly" portrayed what happened at a grievance appeal hearing.
Curzon's history stretches back to 1934 with the opening of its first cinema Curzon Mayfair. The cinema chain has "championed independent, art house and foreign language film-making" The awards will be held at London's Royal Albert Hall on 12 February.
The Iron are currently sixth in the National League, one point and one place outside the play-off spots. Barrow extended their unbeaten league run to nine games with the victory. Braintree's losing run extended to three games.
Svetlana Kuznetsova beaten by Slovakia's Dominika Cibulkova. Kerber beats Agnieszka Radwanska 6-2 6-1 to make it six wins in head-to-head. The German is the Australian Open and US Open
Policy Exchange says selling high value homes when they become vacant would raise £4.5bn a year. That would be enough to build 80,000 to 170,000 social homes, the think tank says. Labour says the coalition's "failed" polices are "making the housing crisis
Jonathan De La Haye won Jersey's seventh shooting gold medal at the 2015 Island Games. Alice Loveridge won her women's singles match and teamed up with Dawn Morgan and Garry Dodd for doubles wins. Sark celebrated a second shooting medal as Nick Dewe returned to the podium.
ITV shares rose 1.3% after the broadcaster said it had appointed EasyJet's boss Carolyn McCall. ITV's previous chief executive, Adam Crozier, left in June, but Ms McCall will not take up her new post until January next year. Carillion shares
Manchester City face Barcelona in the Champions League next week. Manuel Guardiola won the European Cup both as a player and a coach (twice) with Barcelona. Everton manager Ronald Koeman says Barca are the best team he has faced in his career.
Lord Sugar says BBC needs to do a programme on where Dragons' Den is now. Says previous Apprentice winners have turned out to be 'great business people' Describes Katie Hopkins as 'Piers Morgan on steroids'
Jules Bianchi remains in a coma nine months after his crash at Suzuka. The 25-year-old crashed into a recovery vehicle at the Japanese Grand Prix. His father Philippe Bianchi says his son has shown 'no significant progress' since the accident. Bianchi says
Body of Waldek Mural, 57, was discovered by a member of the public in Burley Park Burley. Post-mortem showed he died as a result of multiple injuries. Grzegorz Kowalczyk, 41, appeared at Leeds Magistrates' Court where
Explosion in town of San Martin Texmelucan in Puebla state injures 52 people. Puebla State Secretary Valentin Meneses says thieves may have punctured the pipeline. Mexican President Felipe Calderon has visited the scene and promised to launch an investigation.
Jamie Cox was sentenced to 26 weeks for common assault. The boxer attacked Viktoria Gribovskaja at her home in Lambeth, south London last year. His sentence was suspended at an appeal at Croydon Magistrates' Court. Recorder Joseph Boothby told him he should
All of the churches are part of the Diocese of Hereford and Shropshire. The diocese said about £200,000 still needed to be raised to complete repairs. It said grants were vital with the cost of expensive restoration projects often falling on small congregations.
Seven people died and more than 20 were hospitalised after Tuesday's attack. Comes after reports that chlorine gas was dropped on a rebel-held town in Idlib province. A battle has continued since the weekend in Aleppo as rebels attempt to break a government siege. About a quarter of a
Andy Murray beats Juan Martin Del Potro 7-5 4-6 6-2 7-2 6-5 in the men's singles final. The match featured 14 breaks of serve in front of a raucous crowd on Centre Court. Murray's win comes five weeks after he claimed
Arthur the dog came into the studio for a live interview with his owner. Here are his best bits.
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge arrive in Canada for first official visit together. Prince William begins address in French, Canada's official language alongside English. Couple will visit seven Canadian cities on their nine-day visit, before heading to the US. Canada has created a new royal flag for
NHS Wales has bought two new incubators to transport babies in air ambulances. The service began carrying Babypods for emergency missions in 2013. New incubators will attach to existing equipment in the helicopter, providing warmth and oxygen. They also have a transparent chamber, allowing babies to
The bird, which is named LM12, arrived on Thursday, the earliest reappearance of a resident bird there in almost 50 years. Its mate LF15 is expected soon at the Scottish Wildlife Trust reserve near Dunkeld. The pair fledged three chicks in both 2015 and 2016.
Hesmondhalgh said she was proud to have "given a voice" to rape victims. She made the announcement at the Dorset Rape Crisis charity screening of the show's final episode in Bridport, Dorset. The charity said it was "excited" she had agreed to take the
Review of how Thomas Cook dealt with the deaths of Bobbi and Christi Shepherd in 2006. Report shows how the tragedy was compounded by the company's reaction. Thomas Cook's response to a request from the family for legal support during the inquest was ignored.
Rangers confirm Joey Barton will return to full-time training. The 34-year-old has been absent from the club since a training-ground row in September. Barton is also facing Scottish FA charges for breaching betting rules. He was charged with placing 44 bets on games between
The Grove has only ever held a European Tour event once before in its history - when Tiger Woods won a World Golf Championship tournament in 2006. Donald succeeds fellow Briton Ian Poulter, who hosted the 2015 event at Woburn. This year's tournament was the first since 2008 and was
Swedish defender Johnson left the Hornets in July. The 27-year-old made 100 appearances for the club. Johnson has two senior international caps for Sweden.
Chris Rea is a multi-million album-selling, car-themed singer-songwriter. He has rereleased his double-album and DVD La Passione 20 years after "too many people got involved the first time around" It includes footage that was handed to him in Von Tri
Two brothers believed to be mid-ranking al-Qaeda officials killed in drone strike. Attack came days after Osama Bin Laden was killed in Pakistan by US Navy Seals. Pentagon refused to comment on reports that Anwar al-Awlaki was targeted in Yemen.
Mark Mason, 48, died after being stabbed at the town's Home Bargains car park. James Davies, 20, from Liverpool, denies murder and malicious wounding with intent. Anthony Baines and Mark Ennis, 30, deny the same charges. Jake Melia, 21, also from
Tower Hamlets Council imposed the condition after area lost 73% of LGBT venues since 2006. Regal Homes bought the site in 2014 - a year before The Joiner's Arms shut in 2015. It will give an LGBT operator first refusal on a 12-year lease for a new bar
The three boxers did not attempt to manipulate an event at the Rio Games. The Olympic Council of Ireland and British Olympic Association were also sanctioned with a reprimand. Participants are are not permitted to bet on Olympic events. Conlan and Donnelly have since turned professional and are not
Michael Gove said the EU had "proved a failure on so many fronts" He is the most high-profile minister to declare for out so far. Four other cabinet ministers - Iain Duncan Smith, Chris Grayling, John Whittingdale and Theresa Villiers - have signed up
HMS Hebe was a minesweeper deployed to Dover as a control vessel. The Hebe crossed the Channel to Dunkirk three times between 27 May and 4 June. "It was torrid, dangerous and nerve-wracking," says Harold Biles.
Bill Lord sets aside Â£3,500 from his annual budget to pay for extra holiday. He said it was about recruiting and keeping 'fantastic teachers' in front of children. A 'duvet day' is an absence which can be approved by the employer.
Russia banned from the 2016 Paralympic Games for state-sponsored doping. Putin said the ruling was "cynical" and "humiliates those who take such decisions" Russia will hold special competitions for banned athletes in Rio.
Crickhowell High School approached Powys council offering to manage library. Council said the handover would be seamless with no disruption to the public. The library would stay in its Silver Street location.
Magnitude-7.3 quake hit at a depth of 10km (six miles) in Kyushu region. At least three people died and hundreds were injured. A village has been evacuated after a dam collapsed, media reports say. Tsunami warning was issued, and lifted some
Crews battled the fire in Littleborough, Rochdale, for several hours. Firefighters remained at the scene until after 05:30 BST and the cause is under investigation.
Johnny McGurk, 49, appeared in court in County Londonderry accused of theft. Accused of stealing £572,206 from quarry firm Patrick Bradley Ltd. Also accused of 36 counts of fraud relating to sums of allegedly stolen money.
£1.2m facility will be opened on Tuesday in Llandaff North and Gabalfa. Houses a library, advice services, children's area, IT suite and community cafe. Facility will also have meeting rooms and a community hall for local groups.
Nato insists it took unprecedented care to minimise civilian casualties. Aircraft from the US, UK and France conducted most of the 9,658 strike sorties last year. HRW says it has examined in detail evidence of claims of civilian deaths from eight separate Nato strikes.
symposium was due to be held at Queen's University in Belfast in June. Vice chancellor Patrick Johnston said he had made the decision on Monday. He cited concerns about the security risk for delegates and about the reputation of the university.
Vertical pier will have viewing platform, studio, galleries and cafe. Structure will be located on raised part of the seafront in Redcar, at site of former Leos night club.
Farah won the 13.1-mile race in 59 minutes, 32 seconds. The world record of 58:23 was set by Eritrea's Zersenay Tadese in the 2010 edition of the Lisbon race. Kenya's Micah Kogo was one of six men lining
UN's de Mistura says indirect talks will begin on Monday in Geneva. Focus of talks will be transitional government, new constitution, and elections. Some opposition leaders suggest they have not yet decided whether to attend. Humanitarian access and ceasefire violations will not be on agenda.
The World Championships run from 21-27 August in Milton Keynes. GB Badminton was hit with the news late last year that it would lose all UK Sport support. Half of the English players and support staff had to be cut from the programme. Chris Adcock and Gabby Ad
19-year-old man was arrested after the incident at Killylea Road on Tuesday. He was detained on suspicion of possessing an offensive weapon and criminal damage. The teenager has since been released on bail pending further inquiries.
The lawsuit filed in a federal court in San Francisco argues that the policy is unconstitutional. Women can serve in front line positions in the US military, but are barred from ground combat units. Pentagon spokesman said 14,500 combat positions had been opened to women under the current defence secretary.
Pope Benedict, or Emeritus Pope Benedict, lives only a few hundred metres away from his successor Pope Francis. The two popes visit each other occasionally and communicate fairly frequently by telephone and letter. Benedict was guest of honour at a luncheon party given by Pope Francis at the Cas
Yn ôl y corff sydd yn cynrychioli busnesau gofal, mae nifer yn ymladd i gadw fynd ac yn wynebu argyfwng recriwtio wrth i ysbyt
Suffolk Fire Service investigating why all on-call fire fighters were not alerted. Sudbury engine arrived two minutes later than the Long Melford crew. The 15-minute response time missed the target of 11 minutes. Earlier today a hamster was recovered alive from a burnt out flat
Wales face New Zealand in first Test of three-Test series on Saturday. Flanker Warburton returns to Eden Park for first time since World Cup semi-final defeat by France. Wales have not beaten All Blacks on their own turf since 1953. All Blacks have won
Tranmere Rovers beat Dover Athletic 1-0 in their Championship clash. Cole Stockton scored the only goal of the game in the 68th minute. Liam Ridehalgh's free-kick was met by Cole Stockton at the far post.
Grimsby broke the deadlock when Bolarinwa took advantage of a slip from Accrington's Omar Beckles. Accrington came out well for the restart and went close to pulling level. But Grimsby sealed the points when top-scorer Omar Bogle set up Chambers and
Uhuru Kenyatta leading in early presidential results from Monday's tightly contested election. Outgoing Prime Minister Raila Odinga has 42% of the vote compared with Uhuru's 53%. Odinga's allies remain confident that he will gain ground as results from his strongholds
Ten people were detained in the raids in St Petersburg. Aum Shinrikyo was responsible for a deadly sarin nerve gas attack on the Tokyo subway in 1995. Russian prosecutors say the cult has been pressurising people for donations.
Kenya's Sumgong finishes in two hours 24 minutes and four seconds. Mare Dibaba of Ethiopia takes the bronze medal. GB's Alyson Dixon and Sonia Samuels finish 28th and 30th respectively. Tigist Tufa pulls out before the halfway mark
Bert Davidson sold his 1929 Humber to a man from RAF Kinloss or Lossiemouth for Â£185. He had not seen it since he sold it nearly 60 years ago and put it out of his mind. But a few years ago he was contacted by Robin Wills
Pavey becomes oldest female gold medallist in the championships' history. Mother of two only gave birth to her younger child Emily 11 months ago. All three of the British men made it safely through to Wednesday's semi-finals of the 100m.
DUP removed Jonathan Bell as part of rolling resignation scheme in response to crisis. Crisis centred around allegations IRA members had murdered Kevin McGuigan. DUP responded by saying it could not be business as usual at Stormont. Two days earlier a reduced tariff system for the Executive's
Georgina Symonds was a £10,000-a-month burlesque dancer and stripper. She lived rent-free in a bungalow in the grounds of a castle in Llanmartin, Newport, south Wales. Property developer Peter Morgan was infatuated with
Masuri has given the BBC an exclusive look at its new helmet design. The prototype features extra protection at the rear for batsman's face. Phillip Hughes died after being hit by a bouncer while batting for South Australia. Masuri say they have consulted international cricket boards throughout the
Cafodd Michael Wheeler, 22 o Dremorfa, oedd wedi cyfaddef i'r un cyhuddiad, ei ddedfrydu yn Llys y Goron Caerdydd i saith mlynedd a hanner
Millwall beat Bradford City 1-0 in their Football League play-off semi-final second leg. Lee Gregory scored the only goal of the game at The Den. The Lions will now face Barnsley in the final at Wembley on May 29.
William Johnston admitted dumping the rubbish at the side of Finningham Road, Suffolk. Police said it was a "potential danger to motorists and other members of the public" The 44-year-old admitted the whole episode was "hugely embarrassing" and "regrettable"
New species has largest scales of any known gecko. Skin of fish-scale geckos is specially adapted to tearing. Large scales are attached only by a relatively narrow region that tears with ease. Can also grow them back scar-free in a matter of weeks.
The fine is the largest in China's corporate history. It will require the firm to lower royalty rates on patents used in the mobile phone market. The move could help Chinese smartphone makers Xiaomi and Huawei. China's expanding high-speed 4G network is driving demand in the world's largest
Cape Verde top African Group F after beating Sao Tome e Principe and Libya. New Morocco coach Renard has been set a tough target of at least reaching the 2017 Nations Cup semi-finals. Nigeria, Egypt, Cameroon and South Africa all have new coaches.
Graeme Shinnie not included in Scotland squads for friendlies against Czech Republic and Denmark. Aberdeen midfielder Kenny McLean included for first time in Scotland squad. Kieran Tierney, Andrew Robertson, Steven Whittaker and Charlie Mulgrew all included.
Uptown Funk is the first single from Ronson's fourth album, Uptown Special. Fleur East's cover version topped the iTunes chart last week. Ed Sheeran's Do They Know It's Christmas? came in at number two. Band Aid 30 climbed to number
In 27 authorities, fewer than a quarter of pupils are taking A-levels in their council area. In a further seven authorities there are less than 20% in schools in their boroughs. The lowest is Knowsley which could fall to zero as the last school is closing its sixth form
Coronation Street, which celebrates 50 years on the screen in December, picked up a special honorary award. Doctor Who won best family drama prize - with actress Karen Gillan, who made her debut this year as assistant Amy Pond, on hand to accept the award.
About 2,000 plants were found behind the former Blockbuster premises in Kirkgate. Inside the buildings were several crops of cannabis at various stages of growth. Officers are appealing for information about vans being loaded or unloaded.
Bangor University student Shiromini Satkunarajah has been refused asylum. She was born in Sri Lanka but has lived in the UK for eight years. Thousands have signed a petition to stop her deportation. The Home Office said it considers each case carefully.
Education Minister Huw Lewis said there were concerns over "unusual student recruitment trends" The Cardiff branch runs various IT and business courses. Week In Week Out has been investigating offers made by a local agent recruiting for the college.
Incident began on Tuesday morning when border agents encountered two men carrying backpacks. One dropped his backpack, fired a weapon at the agents, and ran, according to a criminal complaint. Canadian and US police searched for the fugitive on foot and by helicopter, putting up road blocks. Two others
SpaceX says material would "probably" be shipped back to the USA. Debris is from the first stage of a mission to the International Space Station. It was spotted between Bryher and Tresco on 26 November and brought ashore by boatmen.
Casey Anthony says she does not care "what anyone thinks about me" 30-year-old was convicted of lying to police but acquitted of murder. Case drew millions of viewers across the US.
Seoul suspended operations at Kaesong after recent rocket and nuclear tests. The North reacted by expelling all South Koreans from the complex and freezing the assets of South Korean firms. It has also vowed to cut key communication hotlines with the South. Kaesong was one of the
Clubs are required to provide accurate details of training sessions and player whereabouts so they are available for testing at all times. It is understood the information was not updated following a change to training routines. The punishment was imposed following an independent regulatory commission hearing.
Jamie Chapman, 28, of Smith's Wood, Solihull, is facing 15 charges. He is charged with rape, four counts of causing or inciting a boy to engage in sexual activity, and two counts of sexual exploitation of a child. Mr Chapman is due at Birmingham Crown Court on 9
Average cost in North Derbyshire and Lincolnshire expected to be £497.23, the highest after North Yorkshire at £508.82. Concern is highest amongst those aged 18-34 and those with children under 18. Financial advisers say it is never too late to draw up a
Slovakia finish top of Group B and England finish second in Group B. England now face Hungary, Portugal, Iceland or Austria in the last 16 of Euro 2016. Roy Hodgson made six changes from the team that beat Wales on Thursday. Jack Wilshere was given a starting
Amelia Welch, 20, was born with a congenital malformation in her right hand. She was partying with friends in Plymouth when she lost her hand on Friday. The cosmetic prosthetic cost Â£3,000 and fits on her hand like a glove, she said.
Valencia sacked Gary Neville after winning three of his last 16 league games. Neville's brother Phil has been retained as part of the coaching staff. Ayestaran was formerly Rafael Benitez's assistant at Valencia and Liverpool. Valencia are currently six points above the relegation zone.
Staffordshire bull terrier Ziggy was found in remote woodland near Wansford in Peterborough on Wednesday morning. X-rays showed the weapon had just missed his skull and vital organs. RSPCA Insp Justin Stubbs helped a vet "slowly, slowly pull the bolt out" of
Attack could leave US security personnel or their families open to blackmail. Fears 127-page vetting document called Standard Form 86 may have been accessed. It includes everything from eye colour, financial history, to past substance abuse. Also includes contact details for individual's friends and relatives.
Bundesbank says Berlin should consider raising retirement age to 69 by 2060. The central bank says that otherwise the country may struggle to honour its pension commitments. As baby-boomers retire, there will be fewer younger workers to replace them. German government spokesman Steffen Seiber
Bath hooker Tom Woolstencroft, 21, has signed for Bath from Cornish Pirates. The former England Under-16 and Under-18 international has switched to hooker. Garratt has spent two seasons with Pirates after joining in 2014 from Exmouth.
Marianne Vos won the opening leg of the five-stage race on Wednesday. Lizzie Armistead was the highest-placed Briton, in 18th, on the 140km ride from Atherstone to Stratford-Upon-Avon. The 27-year-old
The motorway was closed between junction nine at Moira and junction eight at Blaris. Traffic diversions were in place during a clean-up operation to remove debris from the motorway. One driver took 76 minutes to travel between Lurgan and Moira.
The names of the 2013 BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be announced on BBC One on Tuesday. A capacity crowd of 12,000 will attend the show at the First Direct Arena in Leeds on Sunday, 15 December. Sir Bradley Wiggins was crowned 2012 Sports Personality by the Duchess of Cambridge and
First and deputy first ministers used powers under the Royal Prerogative to create the role for former BBC journalist David Gordon. Mr Gordon edited the BBC's Nolan Show. Ulster Unionist Party leader Mike Nesbitt, who is the leader of the Opposition at the Northern Ireland Assembly, said
Two youths were hurt when the fire flared up in their faces. One youth was taken to hospital for treatment. Overall, the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service said it was a successful Bonfire Night. Officers attended 144 fires across the east of the country.
ATP chief executive Chris Kermode is about to launch a major review. The ATP's review comes after another successful sell-out World Tour Finals at London's O2 Arena. It brought the overall attendance on the 2015 ATP World Tour season to an all-time record of 4.
Recent storms have eroded the cliffs below where the village was located. There are fears further erosion will mean it will be lost in the sea. The National Trust is searching for the village which was engulfed by sand.
Aaron Shingler, Jonathan Evans and DTH van der Merwe score tries for Scarlets. Blaine Scully tries for Cardiff Blues. Rhys Patchell makes superb break to set up Hadleigh Parkes try.
Iran denies it has deployed combat troops in Syria, but media reports suggest otherwise. A week before the offensive began, it was reported hundreds of Iranian troops had arrived in Syria. Iran also announced the deaths of four high-ranking officers from the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps (IRGC) in Syria
Miguel Angel Jimenez and Victor Dubuisson share second place at European Tour's Race to Dubai Final Series. Poulter birdies the last four holes of his second round in one-under-par 66. The 38-year-old Englishman birdied the 15th
Campaign has become a succession of tightly controlled photo opportunities... by all the main parties. But there's a fascinating side to this election where the campaign can offer raw politics, unplugged. Election hustings have been one of the big successes of this general election.
Swansea and St Davids both hope to inherit title from Hull in 2021. Hull spent £33m on education, volunteering and legacy as well as 365-day programme of events. St Davids has a £20m programme in place. Department of Culture Media and Sport
Lloyds is on trajectory to return to full private ownership later this year. Government still owns nearly 6%, but global investor Blackrock now eclipses that. RBS has paid out over Â£50bn in fines and compensation since the financial crisis.
Chan-hom first hit Zhejiang province on an island near the city of Ningbo at around 16:40 (08:40 GMT) No deaths or injuries were reported in the region by Saturday evening. One village, Laiao, received more than 400mm (16in) of rain
Research shows that DNA and its cousin RNA are not unique in their ability to encode information and to pass it on through heredity. The work is promising for future "synthetic biology" and biotechnology efforts. It also hints at the idea that if life exists elsewhere, it could
Kenya is walking dangerously close to the "mass grave" it dug for itself in 2008, following the disputed election of 2007. The political and ethnic violence that ensued claimed the lives of more than 1,000 Kenyans. At the centre of the current spike in political fever is the government
Arrests come after US Army ordered to allow construction of final section of pipeline. Native Americans and supporters have protested against the project for months. The $3.7bn pipeline is designed to transport 470,000 barrels of crude oil a day.
Yamato Tanooka was found in a military training base near Shikabe in Hokkaido. His parents initially said he had got lost, but eventually admitted briefly abandoning him. Search teams had been combing the remote area, home to brown bears, for nearly a week.
L/Bdr Parkinson was seriously injured in a bomb attack in Afghanistan in 2006. Since carrying the torch on 26 June, he has had thousands of requests on Facebook. But the site limits friend associations to 5,000 per personal page and he cannot accept all the requests.
19-year-old striker has played three times for Newcastle's first team. Toney is the youngest player to represent Northampton. He was named the Under-21 Premier League's player of the month for September.
Aweys Faqey was arrested at the airport, north-east of London, on 23 May. He is due to appear at Westminster Magistrates' Court on Tuesday afternoon. Arrest is not connected to last week's suicide bomb attack at Manchester Arena.
Dale Arnold, 32, died in hospital after being stabbed in Kelloe, near Durham City. Josh Johnson, 19, had been charged with murder, but admitted to manslaughter. Johnson is due to return to the court on 20 December for sentencing.
Ring used backpackers and vehicles to smuggle drugs across Arizona's western desert. More than 30 tons of marijuana, 90kg of cocaine and 72kg of heroin seized. The network was linked to Mexico's Sinaloa cartel and generated an estimated $2 billion in profit. Bust
Yates is the second Forest midfielder to join the Magpies in five days. The 19-year-old spent time on loan at both Barrow and Shrewsbury last season. Yates becomes Nottingham Forest's sixth signing of the summer transfer window.
Asia Pacific, excluding Japan, held $47 trillion in private wealth last year. North America is the world's richest region with $51tn, but is expected to be surpassed by Asia in 2016. Asia is also projected to hold 34% of global wealth in 2019.
Tessa Banks, 33, denied making or knowingly having the device in a flat. But a jury found her guilty of the charge at the end of a three day trial. A bomb disposal expert travelled from Edinburgh to make the device safe.
The airport's runway has been destroyed by IS, but it still has value, says correspondent. The jihadists have also entered a nearby military base amid further clashes. Thousands of Iraqi troops, backed by artillery and air power, are involved in the assault. Leaflets warning residents of an
Fosun is offering 451m euros (Â£355m; $580m) for the business. The bid is higher than two rival offers from Portuguese healthcare firm Jose de Mello Saude and Mexico's Grupo Angeles. It marks the latest European target for Fosun, which has
New cancer drugs focus on genetic mutations that drive cancer growth. Cancer resistance is probably the biggest problem facing scientists. One in two cancer patients will live at least a decade, and that proportion is increasing each year. Survival rates have doubled in the past 40 years.
Derbyshire captain Daryl Mitchell scores 117 as hosts make 255-6 in 92 overs. Ben Cotton takes 3-46 on his first appearance for Derbyshire. Worcestershire chasing £43,000 prize money and second place in Championship.
Sarries will begin the defence of their Premiership title against Worcester in the London Double Header at Twickenham on Saturday, 3 September. England centre Barritt played a key role in Sarries' momentous campaign, which culminated in their 28-20 victory over Exeter Chiefs in the Premiership
Barry Pring, 47, was killed by a speeding car as he tried to hail a taxi in Kiev. His wife, Ganna Ziuzina, had returned to a restaurant for a missing glove. The coroner at Exeter County Hall, Dr Elizabeth Earland, recorded a verdict of unlawful
A&E consultants offered Â£1,500 a night to stay on call at Newry's Daisy Hill hospital. Catholics are waiting longer than Protestants for social housing, says the Belfast Telegraph. A Catholic priest's plans for a speedier Mass to stop parishioners "nodd
Jenny asks expert, Zoe Wilcox, to reveal the secret to spotting a Shakespeare script.
Ms Inglis was injured in a motorbike taxi accident in Vietnam on 10 May. The 27-year-old judo athlete from Inverness was placed in an induced coma after the accident. On Sunday, she opened her left eye and followed a light shown into it.
Roedd Aelod Cynulliad Plaid Cymru dros yr etholaeth, Elin Jones, wedi cyhoeddi llun o'r hysbyseb ar ei thudalen Facebook, gan fynnu nad oedd yn w
Three-time champion jockey, 32, has not put a timescale on his return to the saddle. Moore looks set to miss York's four-day Ebor Festival, one of the biggest fixtures on the flat-racing calendar. The major autumn races include the Prix de l'Arc
Landowner applied for 18 all-year pitches, parking and toilets near Skegness. East Lindsey District Council's planning committee said the site was too rural. Opponents said an influx of new people could strain schools and surgeries.
Defendants allegedly used "unofficial" company credit cards for luxury purchases. Prosecutors say about €12m (£10.4m; $13.5m) was spent on hotels, fine clothes, entertainment and travel. Bankia was rescued in 2012 at huge public expense.
Bronze figure of AP McCoy unveiled at Cheltenham on Tuesday. McCoy rode 31 winners at the Festival, including two Gold Cups and three Champion Hurdle successes. The 42-year-old was BBC Sports Personality of the Year in 2010.
Plum Smith spent ten years in prison for his role in the shooting of a Catholic in 1972. After his released from prison, Mr Smith became a member of the PUP. He later served as the chairman of the party and was part of the negotiating team around the Good Friday Agreement.
Federations must rule on whether Russians can compete in Rio following the country's doping scandal. More than 110 of the 387-strong Russian team have been banned from the Games. Eleven of Russia's 17-strong cycling squad have been cleared to ride in Brazil. Boxing, golf,
US Secretary of State says situation requires 'compromise and real politics' Meeting described by officials as good and candid but this is still a tentative relationship. US administration is slowly feeling its way in the region, learning to work with groups that Washington has shunned in the past.
Matt Wilmot, 40, was found by police after reports of concern for his welfare. He was pronounced dead at the scene, in Devon Road, Luton. Mr Wilmot's partner of 24 years, Tania Banks, said: "We're just angry at the situation"
Nato says move "does not help to lower tensions or restore predictability to our relations" Kremlin has accused Nato of stoking tensions by expanding eastwards. Kaliningrad is a Russian exclave sandwiched between Poland and Lithuania. In October, Russia sent nuclear-capable
Sam Hopkins has agreed a two-year deal with the Warriors. The 23-year-old will link up with the Super League club for pre-season in November. Hopkins joined the Centurions from amateur club Leigh East in 2011.
Newport stay in 21st position but are unbeaten in eight league and cup games. The Yellows dominated possession but were caught on the break by Lenell John-Lewis. Pat Hoban rewarded Oxford's dominance when he turned and fired-in the equaliser.
GP Live was developed by Aberdeen University and uses streaming software. Software will stream consultations just moments after they happen. Researchers hope it will encourage more students to join general practice.
Side By Side is Keanu Reeves' new documentary about the evolution of film. The actor serves as producer, narrator and interviewer on the project. Martin Scorsese, Christopher Nolan, David Fincher, David Lynch, James Cameron and George Lucas all feature. Reeves says
Image shows feathered friend peering into shot on Wednesday morning. It looked into the lens at Abergynolwyn Station, in Gwynedd, on the Talyllyn Railway. The phrase "photobomb" was added to the Collins English dictionary in 2014.
Cellino says players will stay together before home games next season. The 57-year-old is currently with the players on their pre-season tour of his native Italy. Cellino took over at Elland Road in April and claims that the club is now debt free.
Hull city councillor Steven Bayes pleaded not guilty to possessing extreme pornography. The 55-year-old was suspended from the Labour Party in October. He was released on unconditional bail and is due to stand trial on 5 February 2018.
Arket will provide "simple, timeless and functional designs" with clothes for adults and children. It will sit in a slightly higher price segment than the main H&M brand. After London, more Arket stores will follow in Brussels, Copenhagen and Munich.
Giant entries must be of the Gigantomo variety to win Â£1,000 prize. Show director Nick Smith said they wanted to be certain the winner "had the right pedigree" Competitors raised concerns unscrupulous growers might sneak in rogue type of tomato.
Horrible Histories, TrueTube and The Amazing World of Gumball among nominees. Zootropolis, The Jungle Book and Star Wars: The Force Awakens up for Bafta Children's Awards. Awards will be held at the Roundhouse in London on 20 November.
Club Brugge are Belgian champions for the first time in 11 years. Benfica secure a third successive Portuguese title. Besiktas are the new Turkish champions after they sealed their first title since 2009.
Under the scenario, global growth will fall, the Chinese economy slow markedly and the UK and the eurozone will face a bout of recession. In Britain, the economy will contract by 2.3% and interest rates in the UK are cut to zero. Some major global banks and companies could default
Marquinhos has signed a five-year deal with Paris St-Germain. The Brazilian defender joined Roma from Corinthians a year ago for £3.9m. PSG president Nasser Al-Khelaifi says the deal shows the club's desire to build a
The man from Darlington has been issued with a summons to appear before magistrates. He will face charges of dangerous driving and causing serious injury by dangerous driving. A motorcyclist suffered broken ribs when the bridge came down on 27 August.
The blaze started just before 21:00 on Monday in Carron Valley. The home owners and their dog escaped from the building after being alerted by a smoke alarm. Scottish Fire and Rescue Service has launched an investigation into the cause of the blaze.
Michael Sandford, 20, from Dorking, Surrey, pleaded guilty to being an illegal alien in possession of a firearm and disrupting an official function. He was accused of trying to grab a police officer's gun to shoot Mr Trump at a Las Vegas rally on 18 June. Lynne Sandford
An unsolicited email from Apple invites publishers to join its news service. Publishers must agree to indemnify Apple if legal issues arise, among other things. One of the publishers said the email was "presumptuous" and "crazy" Apple refused to comment on the row.
Welsh government says it is better to develop respectful relationships than criminalise bullying. Cyberbullying highlighted in recent months after death of 14-year-old Hannah Smith. She killed herself after being bullied on the social networking site ask.fm. Under UK legislation there is not a
Anthony Storrie, 26, died on 30 June 2013 at the Royal Alexandra Hospital in Paisley. He had been arrested the night before for an alleged police assault while under the influence of the drug, which is now illegal. A fatal accident inquiry heard he had suffered damage to his
A wheelie bin was set alight in Craigton Place, Winchburgh, West Lothian. Thirty homes were evacuated, with 38 residents temporarily housed at a community centre. Police are treating the blaze as wilful fire-raising and are appealing for information.
Air strikes destroy nine militant positions in the Tirah Valley in Khyber district, military says. Strikes come after Taliban stormed Karachi airport, killing at least 30 people. Taliban said Sunday's assault was in revenge for the killing of their leader last year. Pakistan has been fighting an
Outgoing head of government ethics agency says US has been made a laughing stock. Walter Shaub says the Trump administration has ignored long-established guidelines. The White House has dismissed the criticism, saying Mr Shaub was promoting himself.
The Mekong delta is one of the world's richest and most diverse wildlife regions. There are 90 plants, 23 reptiles, 16 amphibians, 9 fish and 1 mammal in the region. A total of 139 new species have been found in the South East Asia area in the past year.
Christopher Adjei, 29, pleaded guilty to assault with intent to commit a sexual offence and battery. He grabbed the woman, tried to cover her mouth with his hand, and forced her to the ground in the early hours in Church Lane. Adjei fled the scene when the woman asked what
Tiny silicone cuffs are attached to a nerve and used to control its electrical signals. One set of tests suggested the approach could help treat type-2 diabetes. GlaxoSmithKline and Verily, formerly Google, Life Sciences, are behind it. The kits will need
Two other children, aged 10 and seven, suffered minor injuries in the crash. The 22-year-old motorcyclist was taken to hospital where he later died. No arrests have been made and police are appealing for witnesses.
Police Scotland's dog branch and air support unit deployed in Irvine area. Mr Speirs is described as being 5ft 10in tall, of medium build, with red hair and blue eyes. At the time of his disappearance he was wearing navy coloured combat trousers.
There are currently 54 SNP MPs but only 40 of Labour's 229 MPs expressed support for him. Speaker John Bercow said Labour "currently constitutes" the official opposition. SNP MP Pete Wishart said the party was 'in no shape' to assume power.
Alliance Trust invests nearly Â£3bn worth of shareholder assets. It will continue to face a fundamental review of what it does during this summer. Activist investors last year forced a change of strategy aimed at reducing the discount of company value.
Will Helu scored a wonderful try for Alan Solomons' side after Munster had started strongly. John Ryan muscled between Edinburgh's centres to ground the ball against the base of the post. Keith Earls came within a whisker of a second try, haring after a sum
Vodafone rose after mobile phone company said its Indian unit was in merger talks. Flybe shares dipped 1.1% after the airline said it had seen a "slow start" to trading. Overall, the FTSE 100 ended down by 66 points at 7,118.
Gas futures climbed by up to 10% in early trading, while the benchmark price for oil rose by more than 2%. Traders are worried about the stability of supplies from Russia, which provides a quarter of Europe's natural gas, half of it through Ukraine. But analysts say high European gas stocks
Ipswich Town travel to Newcastle United in the Championship on Saturday. Ishampton have won six of their last nine matches and have kept six clean sheets in the process. Scottish defender Richie Berra has been named as the best defender in the league.
Red Bull will run the 'aeroscreen' at the Spanish and Monaco Grands Prix. FIA director Charlie Whiting hopes the team can source anti-glare coating for the inside of the aeroscreen. Whiting said the next stage of testing will focus on allaying concerns
Lithium is used in psychiatry to help stop mood swings but has serious side-effects at high doses. In fruit flies the drug seems to extend life by blocking a chemical known as GSK-3. Scientists say the finding is "encouraging" and could lead to new drugs
The children will be transported from Croydon, south London to Great Torrington, Devon. The Home Office said they are unaccompanied, vulnerable children. It is not clear if they are among a group that arrived under the "Dubs amendment" The temporary facility is to provide a safe
Venezuela's vice-president says there will be no recall referendum. He says the opposition has "done it wrong and had committed fraud" The opposition has handed in a petition signed by 1.85 million people to start the recall process. President Maduro has declared a state of emergency
The RPA has said a shortened two-month off-season will be detrimental to player welfare. The 2019-20 domestic season will start in early September and finish at the end of June. Leicester's Tom Youngs had said the proposal "fills players with dread" The
Strong winds are expected to be along the east coast, especially in County Down. Wind gusts of 130-150km/hr are possible in exposed areas until midday on Thursday. A Status Red alert has been issued for coastal and mountain areas of Donegal, Sligo, Mayo, Gal
Boko Haram militants abducted the 219 girls from Nigeria's north-eastern Chibok town. The UN estimates that the insurgency has now displaced 800,000 children. Campaign group Bring Back Our Girls has launched a week of events to remember the girls.
Derbyshire batsman Wayne Madsen top scores with 70 as pink ball swings more. Daryn Smit (41) and Tom Milnes (53) top score for Derbyshire. Afghan-born spinner Hamidullah Qadri is first Championship player born in
Jairo Medina, 62, was found early on Friday morning by a person walking by. A post mortem examination did not find a cause of death, but it showed that he had been assaulted. An area about the size of two football pitches was cordoned off.
The Â£42m MV Loch Seaforth made its first passenger sailing last month. It is still in a "test period" and not fully in service. Thursday's fault took five hours to fix and the ferry was cleared again for sailings.
The investigation into the serious allegations in this case was dropped before the suspect was interviewed. The elements of lack of freedom and capacity to consent - which may even have triggered the "no consent" legal presumption - make the decision highly irregular. I enclose a note written by victim _________
Tunisia had faced expulsion from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations until apologising to Caf. Morocco were only able to enter the 2017 Nations Cup qualifying draw after the Court of Arbitration for Sport overturned a ban on its participation. The North Africans refused to stage the tournament in January
Vincent Clerc and Maxime Medard score first-half tries for France. Dmitri Yachvilli slotted a penalty and two penalties for the visitors. Ben Foden and Mark Cueto scored tries for England. Jonny Wilkinson and Toby Flood failed to ignite
18-year-old is one of 14 youngsters who made the cut for the Fighting Chance scheme. Gary Hall said Luke, like his sister Jade, is 'a good character' The 14 who made it through will undergo a three-month training regime before fighting at the Austrian Open in June
Judge Aaron Persky has received death threats in the wake of the case. Two other petitions have reached 115,000 and 175,000 signatures each. Turner was seen by two other students sexually assaulting his victim behind a rubbish bin. He tried to flee the scene but was caught and
Yorkshire Sculpture Park has received £1.7m from Arts Council England. A planning application for a second visitor centre has been submitted to Wakefield Council. The new building has been designed to make the minimum impact on the site, YSP said.
At 05:00 The Scotsman's front page declared a "historic victory for SNP" The Herald also published a 5am edition saying: "Sturgeon triumphant as Labour humiliated" Earlier, shortly after the polls closed, the Daily Record tweeted that the Tories would "comfortably" seal
Crews called to a building site in Bloomery Circle, Llanwern, at 21:15 BST on Wednesday. The blaze burned for more than 10 hours before it was extinguished. It is understood the burning material included a large amount of scrapped railway sleepers.
The 24-year-old joined the Bantams on a three-year deal last summer after being released by Blackburn. He previously played under Iron boss Graham Alexander when the duo were at Fleetwood.
Mike Mackey, from the Manchester-based firm Burton Copeland, said they will be lodging an application to seek leave to appeal the conviction within the next 10 days. Anglesea, a former North Wales Police superintendent, was convicted of one charge of indecent assault against one boy and three indecent assaults against
NFU announced its position after a vote by its council. It said it would not be actively campaigning in the referendum. The union has not released how each of its 90 council members voted. But its president said there had been an "overwhelming" vote in favour of staying in.
French president Francois Hollande says Michele Morgan "personified elegance and grace" Her best-known films include 1938's Quai des Brumes (Port of Shadows) and Passage to Marseille. Her film career faded with the arrival of the French New Wave in the 1960s.
EU plan to take refugees and migrants who cross the sea to Greece in smugglers' boats and return them to Turkey. Around 90% of those arriving in the Greek islands say they are fleeing conflict, primarily from Syria, Iraq or Afghanistan. UN officials have cited the European Convention on Human Rights,
Queensferry Crossing was scheduled to be completed by December 2016. But the deadline has now been pushed back to May 2017 due to 'adverse weather conditions' Minister Keith Brown said the delay was a'very recent development' caused by high winds. He told MSPs
Whitworth Street in Manchester closed between Princess Street and Oxford Street. Sewage company United Utilities said the road has not been damaged. The road has been closed since August after two holes opened up on the Mancunian Way. Replacement sewer pipes are being installed.
Coventry University's Scarborough campus has been built on the former Weaponness Park and Ride site. About 200 students have begun courses at the site, though it is expected to eventually be home to more than 2,000 students. The building includes engineering and science labs, a mock law court
Swansea Canal runs 16.5 miles from Swansea to Hen Neuadd in Powys. Work includes rebuilding canal-side walls and clearing vegetation off locks. Canal was built primarily to carry coal down to Swansea Docks.
Famous Brands signed a £120m deal to buy the chain from Nando's owner, Capricorn Ventures. Gourmet Burger Kitchen, founded in 2001, was a "pioneer of the premium burger revolution" The company says that it wants to open 10 to 15 more burger
Morton were fined £500 for the stoppage-time fracas at Easter Road. Tempers flared after Kudus Oyenuga was dismissed for a foul on Hibs defender Jordon Forster. Hibernian's Darren McGregor was also red carded for confronting Oyen
England beat Sri Lanka in World T20 quarter-final in Delhi. Jos Buttler hit 66 not out from 37 balls and Ben Stokes defended 15 off the final over. Eoin Morgan's side will now face New Zealand in the semi-final on Wednesday.
Star Citizen's creator says he has raised more than $108m (Â£75m) via online crowdfunding campaigns. Sci-fi space simulator is the biggest crowdfunded project of all time. Chris Roberts is famous among video game fans for the popular 1990's spaceship combat Wing Commander series
Tour de France winner Wiggins becomes the most decorated Olympian in British history. He won the cycling time trial after Glover and Stanning rowed to victory in the women's pairs. David Cameron described the successes in rowing and cycling as a "golden moment for Britain"
Land Rover BAR beaten by defending champions Oracle Team USA and Emirates Team New Zealand. BAR CEO Martin Whitmarsh says his team'very, very nearly sunk' during defeat by Japan. USA won all three of their races on Sunday. French catamaran recorded its first win,
The Pro12 brings in about £12m in television revenues compared to the riches of the Premiership in England and the Top 14 in France. The South African Rugby Union will go through the Pro12's list of requirements for acceptance of two of their franchises - the Cheetahs from Bloemf
Alfred Russel Wallace published theory of evolution by natural selection with Charles Darwin in 1858. But while Darwin is a household name, Wallace struggles to gain near the same recognition. Wallace was awarded the Order of Merit and correspondents included David Lloyd George, William Gladstone,
Hadleigh Parkes and Gareth Owen went over for the Welsh side. Mike Ross' close-range try and Ian Madigan's conversion put Leinster into the lead. John Barclay joined the line to put Owen away for an unconverted try.
Initiative will include working with young people without access to school in developing countries. Partners include National Theatre, Royal Shakespeare Company, Shakespeare's Globe and BBC. Culture Secretary John Whittingdale said playwright was 'one of our greatest literary exports'
President Obama has asked Congress for funds to buy body cameras for police officers. The funds will be spread over three years and some of the money will be used for training. Mr Obama spoke after a day of meetings with mayors, civil rights leaders and law enforcement officials at the White House.
Bombardier Belfast is one of Northern Ireland's biggest employers. About 5,000 permanent employees and about 1,000 temporary and contract staff work at its Belfast base. The wings and engine covers of the CS300 jet are made in Belfast.
More than 1,000 schools in America's second-biggest city searched on Tuesday. Officials in New York, the biggest city, said they had received a similar threat but had ignored it as a hoax. Los Angeles police chief Charlie Beck said it was "very easy in hindsight to criticise
Lucia Garcia and Patricia Guijarro put Spain ahead against Northern Ireland. A record crowd of 4,200 watched the match at the Ballymena Showgrounds. The hosts are making their first appearance in the finals while Spain have been runners-up in three of the last four U
Dustin Johner joins Belfast Giants from Austrian Hockey League side Villacher SV. The 34-year-old was selected by the Florida Panthers in the 2001 NHL draft. Johner becomes the fourth new signing of the summer for the Giants.
Virgin Media originally said it connected 465,000 new premises in 2016. Following a review, that number has been revised down to 314,000. Liberty Global said Virgin had exaggerated how fast it could complete the connections. Four Virgin Media employees have been suspended in connection with the investigation.
Four of its high-speed 175 Coradia train units have been taken off routes along the north Wales coast and to Manchester. Operator Arriva Trains said as a result "some affected peak time services have been busier than usual" The Coradia trains are the fastest in the fleet
Gisela Stuart says leaving the EU is the only way to 'take back control' on immigration. Labour MP says the EU's policies are 'failing in humanitarian terms' Migration Watch says there is 'no economic case' for mass immigration in the UK. Think tank says
Bogdanov was accused of procuring an act of 'gross indecency' likely to cause offence for his production of The Romans in Britain at London's National Theatre. Morality campaigner Mary Whitehouse accused Bogdanov of being the 'pimp' who procured the act on stage
The Gold Hill Cheese Run sees participants run up Shaftesbury street with a 55lb cheese. The street was made famous when it was used in a Ridley Scott television advertisement. It depicted a boy struggling to get up the street on his bicycle to deliver bread to the sounds of Antonin
The donation was made in June but became public on Monday following filing. Mr Gates' share in Microsoft is now just 1.3% of his fortune, which is estimated to be $89.9bn. Since 1994 Mr Gates and his wife Melinda have given away $35bn in
Nathan Gill said he 'could not stay in party that suddenly represented all the things I said it didn't represent' Ms Waters is one of 11 candidates in the race to replace Paul Nuttall as UKIP leader. Her bid has split the party, with many angry she has been allowed to
Dana Vollmer competes in first race since Rio while six months pregnant. The 29-year-old swimmer finished 55th in the 50m freestyle in Mesa, Arizona on Thursday. Vollmer won gold in the 100m butterfly at the 2012 London Olympics.
Lithuanian swimmer Meilutyte clocked 1:04.52 in qualifying, the second-fastest time in history. Sophie Allen was seventh and fellow Briton Siobhan-Marie O'Connor eighth in 200m individual medley. O'Connor
Lee Tomlin gave Bristol City the lead from the penalty spot after Tammy Abraham was brought down in the box. Abraham had a chance to double the lead just before the break, but the 12-goal Chelsea loanee headed over the impressive Tomlin's cross. After McGoldrick hit the post
The Welsh Rugby Union (WRU) said he had been told not to report for training with the rest of the players on Monday. It is seeking clarification about an incident outside a fast food restaurant in the early hours of Tuesday. Police attended and said a man was taken away by officers but
Survey of 115 companies found low interest rates and restricted EU market access were seen as risks. But while 28% of respondents were gloomier, 15% were more optimistic. Almost 40% of the firms surveyed reported healthy profits in the last quarter.
The Hammers are moving to the Olympic Stadium after 112 years at Upton Park. Some fans want the Premier League win over Manchester United to be the last at the stadium. Out of nearly 12,000 fans, 52% were in favour and 48% against a game which would raise funds for
Scottish Social Justice Secretary Alex Neil urges UK government to rethink welfare reforms. Scottish Napier University carried out study on behalf of Scottish government. Participants spoke of stress, anxiety and depression brought on by assessments. But Department for Work and Pensions said reforms were about giving people peace
Security has been beefed up at the residences of Brian Cullinan and Ruiz. PwC spokeswoman Carey Bodenheimer said that they had been given protection after their home addresses and photos of their families were published in the media. On Wednesday it emerged they will not be employed to
Tata is making 1,050 people redundant, including 750 at its Port Talbot site. Community organiser Rob Edwards said he was surprised by Mr Koehler's departure. He said the union was worried that the move weakened the voice of the European operation.
The PM attended a summit of EU leaders in Brussels before leaving while they discussed their approach to leaving the EU. Irish PM Enda Kenny said she had given an update on the Supreme Court case the UK government is involved with on whether it can act alone in triggering Article 50 - the formal start of the
Russian authorities share list of 89 people banned from traveling to Russia. EU calls ban "totally arbitrary and unjustified" and says no explanation has been provided. Many of those on the list are outspoken critics of the Kremlin. Former British foreign secretary Sir Malcolm Rifkind among those banned
Mara Salvatrucha and Mara 18 Street say they will commit to zero crime and zero violence. Honduras has one of the highest murder rates in the world. No formal peace deal has been signed, but it is thought to be a first step towards a more lasting agreement.
GoPro CEO Nick Woodman says drone will be released in the first half of 2016. He described it as the 'ultimate accessory' for his firm's action cameras. Woodman also unveiled new kit to capture video for virtual reality helmets. The Six-Camera Spherical Array add-
Some pupils faced transport fees of £400 a year under Conservative-controlled council. It has agreed to defer the cuts and take another look at the proposals. Conservative-run authority is aiming to save £74m over four years.
Jon Rahm secured his Tour card within just four events of joining the paid ranks seven months ago. The 22-year-old capped his maiden triumph with a thrilling eagle at the last, where he holed a snaking 60-footer to finish three clear of the field. Europe's Ryder
Local authority funding has been cut in real terms by 37% since 2010. Most local authority funding in England comes from central government. MPs warn further cuts could undermine councils' financial stability and services.
Aleksandar Mitrovic's 83rd-minute header earns Newcastle a point. Jermain Defoe had given Sunderland the lead in the Tyne-Wear derby. Newcastle are three points adrift of safety with eight games remaining. Sunderland are a point better
Lee pleaded guilty to fraud at Swindon Magistrates' Court and was fined £110 and ordered to repay £1,600. Victim paid money into Lee's wife's bank account after he agreed to make modifications to the cue. Marco Fai Pak Shek made a report to
Christine Lacson Abad, 27, of Cary, North Carolina, was charged with arranging a child sex offence, attempting to groom a 15-year-old in Wrexham and two more sex offences. But the Crown Prosecution Service said it was no longer pursuing the case.
Android has been working to patch a bug that could let hackers access data on up to a billion phones. Manufacturers have been slow to roll out a fix because many variations of Android are widely used. LG, Samsung and Google have all said a number of their handsets will get the fix
Natalie Towers, 24, admitted administering poison with intent to procure a miscarriage. She was 32-34 weeks pregnant and bought the substance over the internet, court told. After she felt unwell, she rang 999 to say she was having a miscarriage, the court heard. Paramed
England beat West Indies by six wickets in fourth ODI. Hosts bowled out for 155 despite captain Stafanie Taylor's 57. Nat Sciver's unbeaten 58 saw England home with 67 balls to spare. England are one win away from World Cup qualification.
British heptathlete Sotherton won Olympic bronze in 2004 and 2008. 40-year-old has been upgraded to two more bronze medals from 2008 after retrospective drug tests. Sotherton said tweaking events would create "a new slate" and new records.
Bristol Royal Infirmary, Southmead Hospital and Weston General hospitals affected. More beds are being opened but people are urged not to go to A&E unless they have a "life-threatening" condition. A black alert, the highest level, means hospital services are unable to cope
PM said he was seeking a "strong and positive" relationship with China. He met the exiled Buddhist leader when he visited the UK a year ago to accept an award. China halted ministerial meetings with UK counterparts as a result.
Jim Kellerman sent off midway through the first half for a foul on Ross Stearn. Craig McAllister scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Eastleigh earned their first point in five matches. Aldershot Town extended their unbeaten run to 10 games
About 25 incidents have been reported to police in Granton, Boswall, Trinity and Hawthornvale. The cars targeted all had their windows smashed or had attempts made to smash them. Officers are treating the incidents as linked and are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Police have confirmed the deaths of four people in NSW. An 86-year-old woman died in the Central Hunter region when her car was swept into floodwaters. 190,000 homes are still without power but 30,000 have been restored. More than 12,000 requests for help
Commercial space travel has already attracted more than $1.4bn (Â£900m) of investment from companies including Sir Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic. That figure is expected to more than double over the next 10 years as commercial space tourism is set to become a reality. Final Frontier
Police say Arena clan made money by providing services at Isola di Capo Rizzuto in Italy's far south. Clans alleged to have hidden behind Catholic charity which runs the centre. Alleged the Arena clan may have taken more than a third of the €100m destined for
Derek Medina admitted taking the picture on his phone and uploading it on to Facebook. He failed to convince the jury that he had shot Jennifer Alfonso eight times in self-defence after years of abuse. Medina, 33, faces a sentence of 25 years to life for second-degree murder
The 24-year-old arrived at Rodney Parade from Llanelli in September on a one-season contract because of a back row injury crisis. He will make his 18th appearance against Leinster on Friday. The former Scarlets academy product has impressed this season.
NHS spent £8.84m on private ambulances in London last year compared to £795,000 in 2011. Private ambulance spending in Yorkshire and the North East more than quadrupled. London Ambulance Service conceded it was losing staff due to "pressure on the organisation" But
Vodafone takeover of Hutchison Whampoa's Indian mobile unit for $11bn in 2007. Firm acquired 67% stake in CGP Investments Ltd, a Cayman Islands registered company. Claims that deal was not subject to any taxes in India as assets were held by
Ole Solskjaer spent three seasons in charge of Norwegian club Molde. He won two top-flight titles, the first in Molde's history, and a Norwegian Cup. The 40-year-old is now attempting to make an impact as a Premier League manager at Cardiff
ECB cut deposit rate by the minimum 0.1 percentage point to -0.3%, and extended its asset purchase program. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index was down 1.7% to 19,606.32 points. Chinese markets followed global markets lower with Shanghai Composite index down
Cabinet Office report found relations behind the scenes were 'broken' Authors said it would be at least another year before another planning application could be submitted. Sports Minister Carál Ní Chuilín has indicated she will implement all of the recommended changes. This includes stadium safety
Dumfries and Galloway Council has struggled to increase rental levels since it started. Scheme was set up to encourage people to get "out of their cars and onto their bicycles" It provides bikes free of charge to subscribers at 11 locations across the town.
19-year-old was a Walsall FC fan, football referee and student. Chief executive of the Birmingham County Football Association pays tribute.
Ri Jong Chol was released from police custody due to insufficient evidence. He accused Malaysia of using coercion in an attempt to extract a confession. Malaysia is seeking to question several North Koreans, including an embassy official.
Jay Desborough, 17, and Leon Wrigglesworth, 13, given 24-month detention and training order. The pair had only known each other for a week before carrying out the carjacking. Reverend Irene Wilson's handbag containing Â£250 in cash
Hamilton made his Scotland debut against Romania in November 2006. The 32-year-old made the last of his 63 Test appearances in the 16-12 victory over Italy in Turin last month. Scotland open their World Cup Pool B campaign against Japan on 23 September.
Lewis triumphed after a jump-off, while Shawn Barber of Canada took the bronze. England's Isobel Pooley came second in the women's high jump. Lynsey Sharp won silver in the 800m, with Jessica Judd fourth. Jade Lally won a bronze in the
Staff members fatally shot Harambe in May after a three-year-old boy climbed into his enclosure. The death was subject to controversy, prompting angry tweets and petitions. Memes, petitions and hashtags such as #JusticeForHarambe cropped up in the gorilla's honour.
China's economy grew by 6.8% in the last quarter of 2015, down from 6.9% in November. International Monetary Fund says it expects growth of 6.3% this year and 6% in 2017. Chinese Premier Li Keqiang has said weaker growth would be acceptable
Lithium-sulphur batteries could have five times the energy density of lithium-ion forms. But commercial development has been stymied by loss of active materials. New prototype has nano-scale layer with structure similar to the villi in the small intestine.
Riyad Mahrez, Jamie Vardy and N'Golo Kante have been linked with moves away. Everton boss Roberto Martinez thinks a shock winner of the Premier League is likely to be a one-off. Andrea Bocelli will perform at King Power Stadium before Saturday's
Church's ruling body voted to allow women to become bishops in July. The appointment will end centuries of male leadership of the Church. It comes 20 years after women became priests.
Oldham Athletic beat Wigan Athletic 2-1 in their Championship clash. Ryan Flynn and Josh Law scored for the hosts. Northern Ireland striker Will Grigg equalised for Wigan. Defender Jake Buxton was sent off for a late tackle.
23-year-old forward left Sixfields before kick-off. Robins are in the relegation zone after five straight losses. Swindon have won three, drawn four and lost 11 of their 18 games.
Elizabeth Bowe, 50, was found badly injured in St Andrews on Saturday 17 September. She was taken to Ninewells Hospital in Dundee but she died three days later. Her brother Charles Gordon, 51, appeared at Dundee Sheriff Court on Tuesday facing a single charge of murder.
Royal Mail has painted more than 50 postboxes gold following Team GB's gold medal haul. Henley-on-Thames is home to the prestigious Leander Club, which has trained more than 100 Olympic medal-winning rowers. The town is holding a victory bus parade for more than
Bangladesh close day two of the third Test on 152-3, a lead of 128. Hosts closed day two on 144-8, with Imrul Kayes unbeaten on 59 and Mohammad Mahmudullah 47. Chris Woakes and Adil Rashid put on 99 for
Cardiff Bus said 90% of its 540 Unite union members backed the offer after a ballot. Drivers have staged a number of strikes in recent weeks, causing disruption on days the city hosted Rugby World Cup matches.
There will be a huge bridge party in South Queensferry with live music headlined by Big Country and Bwani Junction. There will also be a fireworks display in recognition of the bridge's 1,006m span. The event will end with a giant outdoor ceilidh, the
Trump said US would only help allies if they had 'fulfilled their obligations to us' White House spokesman said US commitment to NATO was 'ironclad' Republican candidate also said he would not pressure US allies over crackdowns on civil liberties. Mr Trump's positions will be seen by Washington
Back-to-nature schemes to slow river flow cost a fraction of conventional flood walls. Ministers back the principle but say details need to be worked out. Incentives for farmers are one key sticking point. Farmers’ union NFU maintains it is not a 'pan
Atletico Madrid's Antoine Griezmann has a haematoma on his left foot. The 25-year-old is his team's top scorer in La Liga with six goals. He will miss France's friendly against Ivory Coast on Tuesday.
The gull was taken to a vets where it had to be put to sleep due to the extent of its injuries. Animal rescue officer Tricia Smith said: "An x-ray confirmed the bird had been shot" "This was a juvenile gull which had been caused a great deal of pain
The Dow closed up 0.7% at 18,506.41, while the S&P 500 index added 0.5% to close at 2,163.75. In Japan, the benchmark Nikkei 225 rose for a fifth straight day. Singapore's stock market resumed trading
The men tried to take their own lives to protest against last week's assault on four Dalit men. The men were allegedly attacked while trying to skin a dead cow. Many Hindus consider cows sacred and the slaughter of the animal is banned in many Indian states. Last year, a Muslim
Mr Gascoigne received £68,000 while Mr Coogan got £40,000. Ex-Labour press chief Alastair Campbell and MP Simon Hughes have also settled with News Group Newspapers. 15 more phone hacking cases have now been settled, including nine of the 10 which were
Monarchs are the only insects to migrate such a vast distance. Monarch butterflies complete their journey in an optimal, predetermined way. Mathematicians recreated the internal compass they use to navigate on that journey. Findings are published in the journal Cell Reports.
Iridis4 has state of the art coprocessors which can each perform a trillion calculations per second. Machine will be used for subjects such as engineering, archaeology and medicine, as well as computer science. The world's most powerful computer is China's Tianhe-2, which
Erdogan says he is ready to reinstate death penalty if Turkish people demand it. Thousands of police officers, military personnel and judges have been suspended or arrested. Turkey abolished the death penalty in 2004 as part of its bid to become a member of the EU. At least 232 people
Dave and Leslie Blissett bought the Tornado GR1 as a shell. It has no engine, or guns and the wings have been removed. Ex-RAF engineers said it would make an ideal museum display.
John Clancy, Labour councillor for Quinton, beat closest rival Penny Holbrook in Monday night's ballot. He will officially replace Sir Albert Bore on 1 December. Sir Albert announced he would stand down as head of the self-styled "largest local authority in Europe".
Storm created huge swells in the sea off Scotland leading to warnings from the Coastguard and RNLI. Many have headed for Praia do Norte in Nazare, Portugal, where surfer Garrett McNamara set a world record for the largest wave surfed in 2011. The swell off Nazare
Everton striker Romelu Lukaku opened the scoring for Belgium. Joshua King equalised for Norway before Eden Hazard and Laurent Ciman scored. Czech Republic suffered a 2-1 home defeat by South Korea in their final warm-up game. Russia drew 1-1 with Serbia
Rangers beat Dunfermline 6-0 in the League Cup on Wednesday. Alfredo Morelos scored twice in the victory at Ibrox. Rangers host Hibs in the Scottish Premiership on Saturday.
800 global firms have bases in Belfast, employing about 75,000 people. Micro Focus Belfast employs 130 people who sell software across Europe, North and South America, the Middle East and Africa. Mary McDermott, who is responsible for company recruitment, says: "We don't get a lot
Arch measures 275m (900ft) wide and 108m (354ft) tall and cost $1.6bn (Â£1.3bn) to construct. It will take about five days to be put in its final position. Work will then begin to safely dismantle the reactor
Team Sky's Froome posts picture on Twitter of his damaged bike. He reported the incident to police in Menton, southern France. Commissioner Frederic Le Pollozec said there had not been significant progress in the inquiry. Froome is due to begin the defence of his Tour
From April 2015, local councils will be able to make planning decisions. Currently planning applications go to the Planning Service, an agency under Stormont's environment department. Michael Corr, the creative director of Northern Ireland's architecture and planning centre, PLACE, is optimistic about the move.
Historic England said West Yorkshire's mills are 'important landmarks which need to be cherished' The organisation is currently part-way through a review into West Yorks mills to establish best practice for future redevelopments. Successful redevelopments include Tower Works and Marshalls in Leeds, Sunny Bank Mills
2,000 miniature jerseys in Tour de France colours to decorate Cambridge streets. Council said it had "no fears" it might get heavy and "pull things over" Last week similar bunting was removed from Masham in North Yorkshire over safety fears. Organiser Rad Wagon said
Shankaracharya Swaroopanand's comments came two days after the Shani Shingnapur temple in Maharashtra state let women into the inner sanctum. For centuries, the temple had been open only to men. Last month, the Mumbai high court affirmed the right of
Eight men deny sexually abusing three girls between 1999 and 2003. Mother of one of the alleged victims said daughter's character changed from 'lovely girl' to 'animal' She said her family were forced to move to Spain to escape daughter's alleged abusers. Police lost tapes of an interview
Daniel Braxton was driving through Towyn, Conwy county, with his daughter. She thought she saw a dead baby in the bus stop near the Magpie and Stump pub. Mr Braxton, 35, said he saw the lifeless naked baby on the ground. Police are concerned about the
UKIP has long campaigned for tougher border controls to cut illegal immigration. Border Agency questioned staff about their right to work and live in the UK. Diane James was elected ahead of Ms Duffy to succeed Nigel Farage as UKIP leader.
Aurora Australis broke free of its mooring lines on Wednesday following severe blizzard. Barge ferried expedition members to Mawson research station after weather conditions improved. Thirty-one crew members remain onboard to refloat the vessel. Vessel incurred a small breach in
The vessel's engine failed a mile north east of Muck Island on Thursday evening. Volunteer crew from Larne RNLI launched two lifeboats at about 18:30 BST. The lifeboat towed the yacht to Carrick Marina.
Federal Reserve assesses banks' ability to deal with "doomsday" scenarios. Tests were implemented in the aftermath of the 2008 financial crisis, in which some lenders needed bailouts. All banks with more than $50bn in assets subject to the annual examinations. Santander and
Friends of the Labour MP set up a fundraising page after her death on Thursday. Money raised will support three charities close to her heart - the Royal Voluntary Service, Hope not Hate and the White Helmets. A single £6,000 donation pushed the fund past the seven-figure mark
Ocado reported a pre-tax profit of £7.2m last year on the back of a 20% jump in sales to £948.9m. The company made a loss of £12.5m in 2013. Customer base grew by almost 70,000
Wales face Bosnia-Herzegovina on Saturday and Andorra three days later. Wales have not qualified for a major tournament in 57 years. Gareth Bale is expected to play despite a calf injury. Chris Coleman's side are a point clear at the top of
Welsh AMs fear a'soft' border between Northern Ireland and Ireland could mean more stringent controls at Welsh ports for freight operators. First Minister Carwyn Jones has warned that could mean job losses. Monday's meeting is part of an assembly External Affairs Committee inquiry and is on the day the
The flare was found on Meal Beach, south east of the village of Hamnavoe on West Burra. Police said the flare was believed to be highly toxic and cordoned off the beach. Bomb disposal experts are due to arrive at the scene on Wednesday.
The 16-year-old, who also plays age-grade football for her country, defeated Elspeth Young 11-4, 5-11, 11-6, 12-10. Scottish number one Alan Clyne, who has risen to world number 32, beat Douglas Kempsell
Mr Matheson will be a visiting professor at Strathclyde University's Institute for Future Cities. He will write, lecture and assist with research projects across the UK and abroad. A by-election will be held for his Anderston/City ward, the date of which
Militants let infiltrator into police station in Lashkar Gah, Helmand province. No group has officially claimed responsibility for the incident. The city of 200,000 people is seen as strategically important.
93.3% of youngsters were in a 'positive destination' three months after leaving school. That was up from 93% in 2014/15 and those taking up training was 2.6%. Minister for Further and Higher Education and Science, Shirley-Anne Somerville, said the statistics showed
Prof Hawking singles out nuclear war, global warming and genetically-engineered viruses as potential threats. Says progress in science and technology will create "new ways things can go wrong" His first Reith Lecture will be broadcast on 26 January and on 2 February on BBC Radio 4.
Brooks Koepka shoots nine-under-par round at US Open to lead by two shots. Justin Thomas becomes first man to shoot nine under round in 117-year history. Southport's Fleetwood cards four-under 68 to keep pace with overnight leader at Erin Hills.
Study published by Institute for the Study of Labour, in Bonn. University researcher sent 1,500 identical CVs to German firms. Some bore the name Meryem Ozturk and others the name Sandra Bauer. In 18.8% of cases Bauer was invited for interview, whereas
Nico Rosberg leads Lewis Hamilton by 17 points at the top of the drivers' standings. Hamilton started on pole but was second behind Rosberg by the first corner. The Briton was hit by Valtteri Bottas's Williams and dropped to seventh on the first lap.
Demonstrators call for a meeting with President Enrique Pena Nieto. Public opinion in Mexico split since he announced plans to change the constitution. Same-sex marriages are legal in some Mexican states, but not across the country. Four Latin American countries have already legalised same-sex marriage
A 34-year-old man was arrested in connection with an outstanding warrant. Three men were arrested outside the stadium in connection to assault. Celtic won the match 3-1.
Michael Pepper, 67, from Glasgow, raped the woman on various occasions. He also hit her with a baseball bat and bottle, cut off her clothes. Pepper was also placed on the sex offenders register.
Just 20% of those aged 25 own their own property, compared with 46% two decades ago. The LGA said social housing was vital to enable families to save for a home. Average size of a deposit to get a mortgage is 62% of annual incomes, or 131% in London
Pte Sean Benton, 20, was found with five bullet wounds to his chest in June 1995. An original inquest into his death recorded a verdict of suicide. His family applied for a new hearing after using the Human Rights Act. Justice Collins said fresh evidence had "come to light which casts
Lee Kuan Yew, who died last year, is revered by Singaporeans, while his children are respected members of the establishment. The family had presented a united front, but that cracked in recent days when Lee Wei Ling publicly objected to what she saw as excess in the one-year commemor
The bag is designed to be a "unisex satchel" with electronics hidden inside a false bottom. A slot has been sewn in for a credit card and a sensor acts as a trigger to play voice recordings. Ray Winstone-like voice is programmed to say "Don't
Christopher May, 71, is charged with 11 offences, including gross indecency. Terrence Butler, 72, from Stretton, Staffordshire, is also charged with four offences. The abuse is reported to have taken place at Overseal Manor School in Derbyshire. Both men
The 28-year-old Scotland international has spent the last two seasons with Wasps, having previously had a six-year spell with Glasgow Warriors. Harlequins have not disclosed the length of Jackson's deal at The Stoop.
The previous day's incessant rain had left an already wet outfield totally sodden at New Road. Overnight frost on the covers also led to melting ice dripping onto the pitch. The two sides still hope to get underway promptly on Monday morning (11:00 BST)
The Sorrento was travelling to the coastal city of Valencia when the fire began. Passengers were evacuated from the burning ship on to lifeboats and have been rescued by another ship. At least three people have been injured and taken to hospital by helicopter, Spanish media say.
Danny McKay, 36, was shot dead at his home in Newtownabbey last Thursday. Five masked men forced him to hand over his VW Bora, which was later found burnt-out. Police believe the incidents are linked. A 25-year-old man was arrested by police
Cwmbran-based firm fined £15,000 for 12 offences of mislabelling. Court heard firm created risk that 'hazardous' food could enter food chain. Case went ahead following a ruling from the Supreme Court last summer.
In his 20s, Serge Godin used savings of C$5,000 ($3,800; £3,100) to start a computer business. Today CGI Group is a global IT systems giant that enjoys annual revenues of $10bn. Its clients include Rio Tinto, Miche
Ticket was bought somewhere in Denbighshire for the 1 April draw. It matched the Lotto Millionaire Raffle draw - AQUA 6323 7030 - but no-one has come forward. The mystery ticket holder has until the end of September to submit their claim.
Francoise Olcay sold dinghies and life jackets to migrants hoping to reach Greece. UN says 124,000 people reached Greece's shores by sea in the first seven months of 2015. Thousands of refugees have used Bodrum as a gateway to fulfil their dream of reaching Europe.
MEP Steven Woolfe, seen as the frontrunner, quit the party on Monday. He had been hospitalised after a "scuffle" with fellow MEP Mike Hookem. Mr Coburn said the party's libertarian politics meant people "can't be told what to do" He
Eddie has been working with a movement coach to perfect his 'feminine physicality' The Danish Girl is based on the life of Elbe - a transgender woman who was born in 1880s in Denmark. Alicia Vikander will play Elbe's wife in the film due
Five-time world champion O'Sullivan came from 3-0 down to level the match. Compatriot Peter Ebdon, 30th in the rankings, shocked world number three Neil Robertson 4-3 at Venue Cymru. Ebdon now faces China's Ding Junhui,
TfL is recruiting 1,000 people to start wearing the blue badges from 12 September. Mayor of London Sadiq Khan said he hoped they would "give confidence" to people who find standing difficult. The six-week trial is believed to be the first of its kind in Europe.
Featherstone Rovers pair caught with anabolic steroids in out-of-competition tests. Both players have been suspended from all sport until December 2016. UK Anti-Doping head of science and medicine Nick Wojek says players may have thought they could get away with it.
Lagos, the biggest city in Africa, has a constant background of noise from car horns, to the Muslim call to prayer and loud singing in churches. The state government has vowed to make the city noise-free by 2020. In August, 22 premises were closed after residents complained about noise
Kirk Millar and Andrew Waterworth score twice to put Linfield 3-1 up. Glenavon pull one back through Kris Lindsay but Mark Haughey heads winner.
An estimated 92,000 people in England are believed to need end of life care but not receive it. As a practising GP I have seen distressed relatives after a patient has died in hospital. Many such patients are never formally identified as at risk of dying and not assessed for care.
Rangers announce they have raised a total of £22.2m through a share issue. The deadline for fans to buy new shares in the club passed on Tuesday afternoon. Shares in Rangers International Football Club plc will start trading on London's Alternative Investments Market (AIMP) on
Parents of brides cannot invite more than 500 guests, and the number has been limited to 400 for grooms. No more than seven main dishes can be served to ensure there is no wastage of food items. Kashmir had imposed a similar ban in 1984, but it was revoked
Sunday Times editor Martin Ivens said the suddenness of his death has shocked staff. Gill had been diagnosed with the "full English" of cancers last month. He had been having chemotherapy and said he did not feel cheated by his diagnosis. The final column by Gill, about coming
The 54-year-old has spent seven years overseeing Manchester City's youth set-up. Allen has a full Uefa coaching A licence. The former MTV executive begins his new role next month. He started his career as a youth player with Swindon Town.
Angela Merkel's political future and legacy are hanging in the balance, writes Andrew Hammond. Germany and no other EU nation insisted on a summit with Turkey this week, he says. Turkey is key to resolving Europe's current migration chaos, Hammond argues. But trust between Turkey and the EU
Ronan Toolis led the excavation works at Trusty's Hill Fort at Gatehouse of Fleet. It unearthed evidence that it might have been the royal seat of the sixth century kingdom of Rheged. Mr Toolis said it was "pre-eminent among the kingdoms of the north" at
Tyrone van Aswegen shares lead with Daniel Berger, Russell Henley and Marc Leishman. Scot Knox carded a three-under-par 67 to finish one shot off the lead. Englishman Casey also shot 67 and is among six players at five under par.
Annan Athletic beat Hamilton Academical 4-1 in the fourth round of the Scottish Cup. Omar, the son of refugees from Iraqi Kurdistan, was featured in the local press. "There's a big following there now, my uncle tells me," says Omar.
Local Government Information Unit says finances are at 'breaking point' 34% of 131 councils surveyed intend to hike bills by more than 2% in April. Surrey County Council abandoned controversial plans to hold a referendum on a 15% rise in council tax which it said was needed for social care.
Dave Robins from Swanley, Kent, leased non-emergency ambulances to Coperforma. He began providing them in July after two other suppliers went bust, but has said he has only received one payment. "I feel quite aggrieved about what's gone on," Mr
The 27-year-old has won the women's World Cup and Olympic gold with her country. Lyon won the treble of Champions League, French league and French cup last season. Morgan was in 2015 the best-paid player in women's football, with her estimated earnings reaching £
Ayana Onozuka of Japan wins gold in Sierra Nevada. Marie Martinod of France takes silver and Devin Logan of United States takes bronze. James Woods and Izzy Atkin qualify for slopestyle finals.
WBC president Mauricio Sulaiman said the organisation "will never allow three-minute rounds" Flyweight Adams won on her professional debut on Saturday. The 34-year-old is now intent on winning the right for women to wear lighter gloves.
Sevilla held to a 2-2 draw in Ukraine. Marlos and Taras Stepanenko scored for the hosts. Kevin Gameiro scored a late penalty to earn Sevilla a draw in Lviv. The result leaves Sevilla on course for a third consecutive Europa League
Russia's defence ministry said on Wednesday that it had deployed a batch of 14 military jets to Crimea. Gen Breedlove said Russian military assets being installed in Crimea would have an effect on "almost the entire Black Sea" Russian President Vladimir Putin said that Russia "poses no threat to anyone"
Danny Willett became the first Englishman since Nick Faldo in 1996 to win The Masters. The 29-year-old was playing with friend and fellow Yorkshireman Lee Westwood. Willett and his caddie Jonathan Smart share their memories of the back nine at Augusta National.
Ludwig recently celebrated his third birthday with his owners. He is named after a musician.
DUP leader Arlene Foster has resisted calls to step aside over the Renewable Heat Incentive (RHI) scheme. RHI is approximately £490m over budget. Sinn Féin's national chairperson Declan Kearney accused Mrs Foster and her party of "unv
David Crompton, 52, is to step down in November after four years in the post. His retirement comes after a report by Prof John Drew found the force's response to abuse was 'inadequate' Report found 1,400 girls were abused in Rotherham between 1997 and 2013
Diabetes UK Cymru says there are now 177,212 people in Wales living with the condition. Charity says if trend continues these figures could rise to 288,000 by 2025. Many cases of type 2 diabetes can be prevented but there is no way of preventing type 1.
Grzelak becomes Ian Cathro's third signing of the summer after Christophe Berra and Cole Stockton. The 28-year-old's contract with Korona Kielce in his homeland had expired. He has also played for Wisla Plock, Dolcan Zab
LINK operates the network of 70,000 ATMs in the UK. Some banks are thought to be unhappy about the fees they currently pay. All 38 members of the LINK network are due to have a series of meetings to try to reach an agreement.
Malaysia's attorney general cleared PM Najib Razak of corruption charges. Mr Najib had denied that the money came from state investment fund 1MDB. Saudi source said donation was made amid concern in Riyadh about influence of Muslim Brotherhood. The Saudis were already upset at events in
Eubank Jr will be defending his British middleweight title for the first time. Blackwell retired from boxing after he suffered bleeding on his skull. The fight is on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's IBF heavyweight title defence against Dominic Breazeale at London's O2 Arena.
Officers raid a workshop in the port of Izmir and seize 1,263 life jackets. Four people were found working in the workshop, including two young Syrian girls. Comes one day after the bodies of more than 30 migrants were washed up in Turkey. Many were wearing life jackets,
Mark Coshever, 39, admitted 'affray' and entering the field of play. He was given an eight-week sentence, suspended for 12 months. Magistrates also gave him a five-year football banning order.
Husband-wife team beat Christopher Coles and Sophie Brown in final. Rajiv Ouseph won his eighth men's singles title, beating Alex Lane 21-10 21-9. Fontaine Chapman triumphed after twice being a beaten finalist. Marcus Ellis and
Billy Sharp and Abu Ogogo score for Shrewsbury United. Che Adams scores winner for the visitors. Micky Mellon's side are now four points outside the top six.
Poland beat Romania 3-0 in Bucharest. Kamil Grosicki put the Group E leaders in front after 11 minutes. Robert Lewandowski made sure of the win late on, scoring with a composed finish in the 82nd minute before adding a third from the penalty spot
Students aged from nine to 12 asked to create designs in blocky 3D world. Results could then be made to existing national parks around Adelaide. Government has set aside nearly $10.4m Australian dollars for redesigns.
RMT union claimed some workers on board two freight boats were paid less than Â£4 an hour. Serco Northlink said it had repeatedly offered to bridge the pay gap. Transport Minister Humza Yousaf said new arrangements would come into force early next month.
Ospreys face Scarlets in the Pro12 on Boxing Day. Coach Steve Tandy expects the match to be one to savour. Fiji international Nicky Smith is also available after injury. Scarlets lost try-less 9-6 at home to Glasgow on Saturday.
Ackerman was initially banned in October last year after being found guilty of corruption. He had laid bets against a horse knowing its jockey aimed not to win. His fine of £5,000 was quashed upon appeal, at the invitation of the British Horseracing Authority.
Nato's Afghan deployment began after the 9/11 attacks against the US. From 1 January the alliance's role will shift to a mainly training and support mission. Sunday's ceremony was low-key - held inside a gymnasium at the alliance headquarters away from the public.
Two Syrian nationals provided first aid to a NPD member injured in an accident. NPD members have taken part in a series of anti-immigrant marches in Germany. Germany's constitutional court is considering whether to ban the NPD.
Philip Clayton, 43, died at the scene of the crash in Hazel Grove, Hertfordshire. A 23-year-old man is in a serious condition in hospital. Buxton Road was closed while investigations took place.
Welsh first minister says PM has a 'tin ear' on devolution. Warns future of UK could be under threat if UK government does not listen to other administrations. Comes amid calls in Scotland for a second referendum on independence. UK government said it will trigger the Article
ECB appoints Paul Downton as chairman of selectors. Downton replaces Hugh Morris, who quit to take up the dual role of chief executive and managing director at County Championship side Glamorgan. Ex-England captains Andrew Strauss and Nasser Hussain were linked to the job.
Joseph Brown-Lartey was killed when Addil Haroon drove through a red light at 80mph. Haroon, then 18, was jailed for six years for causing death by dangerous driving. His father Ian said it was like being 'kicked in the teeth twice' by the
Police received calls from concerned members of the public concerned for the animals. Officers helped to have the sheep rounded up and returned to their home. It is understood the animals are kept locally.
Greece's list of reforms is contained in a letter from the Greek government to its European partners. The aim is not controversial, but will they be able to achieve significant improvements? There is more motherhood and apple pie on tackling corruption, smuggling and money laundering.
320 inmates were held inside the prison until March 2013 when it closed. New owners City & Country Group want to deliver a new scheme for the site. Previous suggestions have included housing, a museum and a hotel complex.
Farewell Fearne Cotton, 33, is stepping down for 'family and new adventures' Foo Fighters frontman Dave Grohl led tributes with a specially-recorded phone message. Coldplay's Chris Martin wrote a new song - Gone But Not F. Cotton - to mark her departure
Watson charged with an "act contrary to good sportsmanship", as well as tackling Alex Goode in the air. The first offence alleges he used "offensive, inappropriate and unprofessional" language after being sent off. Watson featured in every Six Nations game for England this year.
Striker moves to second in the National League scoring charts on 23 goals. Holman has now scored nine goals in 10 games for Cheltenham. Woking manager Garry Hill says Holman will be the difference between the two sides winning the league.
Pieces of a board game that hasn't been played for 1,500 years have been found in China. Archaeologists found a 14-faced dice made of animal tooth with ancient Chinese writing on it. The game is said to be called "bo", but researchers are unsure how it
Rangers were knocked out of the Europa League qualifiers while Alves was on international duty with Portugal. The 35 year old has now started training with the club and has set his sights on winning trophies at Ibrox. Alves signed a two-year deal at Rangers after leaving Serie A side C
China's consumer price index rose 1.6% in September compared with a year earlier. Producer prices fell for a 43rd straight month as manufacturers cut prices to win business. The latest inflation figures added to fears of a rapid slowdown in the world's second largest economy.
Cardiff City manager says he is looking to sign four players in January transfer window. Jazz Richards has not played since the 2-0 defeat by Derby County on 27 September. Warnock does not expect to make any attempt to sign 37-year-old Crystal Palace goalkeeper Julian Sper
Investigators say device, designed to slow down craft, activated at wrong time. But they say it's too soon to determine the exact cause of the crash. Virgin Galactic had aimed to send tourists into space early next year.
Iraqi forces were still pinned down by snipers from the group that calls itself Islamic State. Iraqi troops helped a steady stream of civilians fleeing to safety from the Old City. This, their first taste of freedom after three years of living under IS control. Nearly everyone rescued had to leave
Neonicotinoids and coumaphos are interfering with bees' ability to learn and remember. Experiments revealed that exposure was also lowering brain activity. But a company that makes the substances said lab-based studies did not always apply to bees in the wild.
Bryden Centre for Advanced Marine and Bio-Energy Research will recruit 34 PhD students and six post-doctoral research associates. Money will be used for renewable energy projects with a particular focus on wave and tidal power generation. Funding is from the Interreg programme which supports projects in NI.
Thermal cameras detected higher temperatures in three adjacent stones at the bottom of the Great Pyramid. Officials said possible causes included the existence of empty areas inside the pyramid, internal air currents, or the use of different building materials. It comes as experts search for hidden chambers within the pyramids.
Device found at Corfe Mullen, Dorset on Tuesday morning. Military Explosive Ordnance Disposal team has set up a 1,000m exclusion zone. Loud bang is expected to be heard when controlled explosion takes place at 10:00 GMT.
Michal Konrad Herba, 36, was held on a European Arrest Warrant. He is the brother of suspect Lukasz Pawel Herba. Ms Ayling, 20, was allegedly abducted and held by a group calling itself "Black Death" for five days.
Prank TV shows have risen in popularity, but have also earned criticism for taking things too far. Egyptian actor Ramez Galal has established himself as a major TV prankster. He has fooled celebrities into believing they were on a sinking ship surrounded by floating body parts and a shark
GM to hire 1,000 new workers in Ontario to focus on connected and driverless cars. Canada has been fighting to keep carmakers in the country. Many have been lured to Mexico where production is cheaper.
Hundreds of Ford fans lined up to pay tribute to the former Toronto mayor. He was diagnosed with cancer in 2014, keeping him from running for mayor again. Current Toronto Mayor John Tory called him a "profoundly human guy" Former prime minister Stephen Harper said he was a "fighter
The car owner contacted the AA after the cub was seen darting under a wheel arch. Jason Robertson spotted a dangling leg and was able to pull the animal free. The cub, now named Basset, was unhurt and is being looked after by the Scottish SPCA.
Researchers studied recorded speech of Glaswegians from the early 20th Century to the present. Found evidence of common UK accent changes, such as the use of "f" for "th" in words like think. But the Scots accent remained distinctive.
Guildford Cathedral is the last Church of England cathedral to be consecrated on a new site. Officials said last year it was at risk because of deteriorating plasterwork, which contained asbestos. A £7m fundraising campaign was launched and now has only £500,000 left to meet the
US government statistics show that on average, women are paid less than their male counterparts, 79 cents for every dollar a man earns. The median wage of a woman working full-time all year in America is about $39,600 (Â£27,116), 79% of a man's
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 20 points to end at 20,914.62. The broader S&P 500 index dipped by just three points to finish at 2,378.23. Among individual shares to rise was jewellery firm Tiffany's after it reported better-than-expected results
All Party Parliamentary Group on social mobility says all interns should be paid after their first month. Follows concerns that jobs in areas such as law, medicine and the media are disproportionately filled by socially-advantaged, privately-educated youngsters.
Scottish government to give £2.2m to The Carbon Trust's Offshore Wind Accelerator (OWA) project. Project brings together nine offshore wind developers with over 72% of UK's licensed capacity. First Minister Alex Salmond says renewable energy is 'extremely valuable' to Scottish
Katy Bethel, 28, and Aaron Harris, 33, were arrested on 4 July 2015 at Coquelles' Eurotunnel check-in. The couple were returning from Calais to Folkestone when they were stopped by customs officers. Ms Bethel was six months pregnant with her
Fidel Castro brought revolution to Cuba in the 1950s and created western hemisphere's first Communist state. For decades it was able to rely on strong Soviet backing, including annual subsidies worth $4-5 billion. But, at least partly because of the US trade sanctions, he failed to divers
Alastair Cook captained England to a 2-1 series win in his first tour as captain. Clarke full of praise for Kevin Pietersen following his reintegration into the team. Pietersen made a match-winning century in the second Test to help England level the series
One-year-old cat Teenie was shot twice in the shoulder and once in the leg. Vets had to amputate the animal's left back leg after the pellet went through it. The Scottish SPCA said the cat was 'incredibly lucky' to survive the attack
The flag was raised beside Stormont House on Friday morning. It coincides with the first official visit of Taoiseach Leo Varadkar to Northern Ireland. Thousands are expected to take part in the main Belfast Pride parade. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK where same-sex marriage is
Richard Howitt is the Labour spokesman on foreign affairs in the European Parliament. He is also the Socialist and Democrat Group human rights spokesperson. Mr Howitt said he is to become chief executive of the International Integrated Reporting Council.
HBO confirmed it had experienced a "cyber incident" The group says it has 1.5 terabytes of the company's data and has posted episodes of Ballers and Room 104 online. It added that more material would be released "soon"
Kids Company said it was not aware of the nature of any allegations. Charity said its priority was the safety of its clients. Police want anyone with information or concerns to contact them or the NSPCC.
Oscar winner will be presented with the award on 9 June. AFI chair Sir Howard Stringer called Freeman "an American treasure" He will be the 39th recipient of the AFI Lifetime Achievement award.
Arrest is not linked to any immediate threat in the UK, police said. The man was detained as part of an ongoing investigation into the conflict in Syria. Crawley MP Henry Smith said police told him a 40-year-old man was arrested this morning. Mr Smith said
RBS was bailed out by the government in 2008 and the UK taxpayer continues to hold a 73% stake in the bank. Under the adverse conditions, RBS's capital levels fell by 7.5 percentage points - the third biggest fall of the 51 banks tested. Deutsche Bank and Commer
Isle of Wight Council said new procedures were in response to resident's complaint. Councillor Shirley Smart said it would "initially result in a slower service" The service has been in operation since 1859.
Simon, 29, joined the Wildcats from Catalans Dragons. He has played nine times in Super League this year.
Form asks for the name of the person your spouse committed adultery with. Family lawyers say this adds "conflict and complexity" The Ministry of Justice said there was "no obligation" to name people.
The bird of prey has returned to RSPB Scotland's Loch Garten reserve for its 14th season. Previous visits have included having her eggs kicked out of the nest by rival males.
Dr Radha from The Surgery on Radio 1 has dealt with patients who have displayed 'a lot of social anxiety' because they are using social networks too much. A quarter of 15 to 18-year-olds in the UK feel happier online than they do in real life.
Maria Zakharova said Jews told her they donated to both Clinton and Trump. She was speaking on a chat show on Russian state TV at the weekend. Zakharova: "If you want to know what will happen in America, who do you need to talk to? You have
Oxford Circus station evacuated shortly before 09:00 BST. Pictures on social media showed smoke billowing out from a Bakerloo line train. London Ambulance Service said it treated four people for smoke inhalation. TFL said a "comprehensive investigation" would take place
Victims subjected to virginity tests, rape and gang rape after arrest. Perpetrators are rarely held to account and the impunity points to a "cynical political strategy aimed at silencing all opposition" Egypt's Interior Ministry said it would not comment until it had studied the report.
Celtic striker is PFA Scotland Player of the Year. Griffiths has scored 39 goals for the Hoops this season. The 27-year-old says he is 'fired up' to defend the title next season.
Number of people out of work fell by 99,000 to 1.68 million in the three-month period. Average weekly earnings, including bonuses, were up 2%, the slowest increase since February. Employment rate hit 74% - the highest since comparable records began in 1971.
Ofcom received five complaints about the show, which aired on UKTV's Watch channel. UKTV said the programme was broadcast in error and was unsuitable for a pre-watershed transmission. In the 14-minute segment, Brown had sought to demonstrate a technique to limit pain and bleeding.
Adam Peaty finished in 25.99 seconds - just short of the world record he set in the semi-final. The 22-year-old was level with his rivals in the first few strokes before pulling away after 30 metres. Defending champions Britain finished fifth in the 4x
Police in Australia and Europe were aware of a paedophile site called the Love Zone. The site was protected by passwords, encryption and specialist software. Members had to post increasingly graphic material to remain on the site. There were tens of thousands of accounts and users were anonymous.
Four volunteers live in capsule designed to mimic being on another planet. Experiment looked at how food and air could be used and sustained under controlled conditions. They grew 25 types of plants - including wheat and strawberries. Also had to adjust to 'Mars time' - 39 minutes longer than an
Guido Amsel, 49, targeted law firms that represented him or his ex-wife. One bomb exploded at an office last Friday, severely injuring a woman. Two more explosive devices were found at law firms over the weekend. Mr Amsel has been charged with two counts of attempted murder.
Dundee United manager Ray McKinnon delighted with signing of midfielder. Murdoch follows fellow midfielder Rocco Quinn out of Tannadice. The 26-year-old joined County last summer after his departure from Fleetwood Town.
The crew was taken in August while travelling through eastern Libya. Militants loyal to Islamic State (IS) are believed to be behind the killings. Libya has been in turmoil since the fall of Muammar Gaddafi in 2011.
Lucas is the only confirmed member of the British Paralympic team for the Rio Games. The Sonar crew of John Robertson, Hannah Stodel and Stephen Thomas missed out on a medal by finishing fourth.
Labour says value for money talk is a'smokescreen' to cover for unpopularity of fees. But Mr Johnson rejected calls to scrap fees - saying it would be a 'disaster of historic proportions' Russell Group of leading universities warns of 'unintended consequences' of binding contracts
India says Kulbhushan Jadhav was "kidnapped" and tried on "concocted charges" Foreign Minister Sushma Swaraj described the death sentence as "an indefensible verdict" India has always questioned the alleged confession, saying it was extracted under du
16 people were killed in the blast. Dozens of others were injured in the explosion early on Sunday. Residents say the blast could be heard across Mogadishu. No group has said it carried out the attack.
Victim was threatened with a knife and handed over a sum of money during the incident. Man entered the property through a back window at about 10:00 BST on Monday. Occupant managed to release himself before raising the alarm and was not injured.
Campaigners want maximum sentence for dog fighters to be raised to three years. RSPCA received 924 calls in Greater London, West Midlands (469), West Yorkshire (305) and Greater Manchester (238) Rural counties are also affected, including Kent, Essex and Lancashire.
Students and activists were arrested while taking part in a protest two weeks ago against a new education bill. They face possible jail terms on charges including insulting civil servants and refusing to disperse. Video of the protests showing people being cornered by police and beaten sparked international condemnation. President Thein Se
Ofsted inspectors found nine private faith schools to be 'inadequate' Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw writes to Nicky Morgan with findings of 22 faith schools. Inspectors raised concerns that faith schools were not promoting British values. Darul Uloom Islamic High School in Birmingham
Jack Beales, 93, of Rhyl, carried out the attacks while he was in his 70s. He denied five charges of rape and six other sexual offences but was convicted. His victim, now aged in her 30s, took to the witness stand to read her victim impact statement.
Piero Mingoia opened the scoring for Cambridge United before half-time. Morecambe equalised through a Jack Dunn penalty after Luke Berry was brought down. Shrimps pair Paul Mullin and Jack Dunn scored in the space of three minutes after the hour. Cambridge
The teenager was detained at Riverside Retail Park in Coleraine earlier on Thursday. Arrest was made by detectives from the PSNI's Reactive and Organised Crime Branch.
Striker suffered a shin injury while on international duty with Trinidad and Tobago. Cardiff manager Russell Slade said there was no break and Jones will be assessed once he returns to Wales. This is the second time in the space of two months Jones has been unavailable for Cardiff.
"Teachers need a pay rise," they urge, in joint statement to School Teachers' Review Body. Government said it was attracting "the best and brightest" to teaching. Teachers' pay increases have been limited to 1% or less for the past five years.
Cuadrilla, the firm behind the tests, said drilling had been suspended as a precaution. It will examine data collected by the British Geological Survey before deciding whether to resume. A tremor centred on Poulton-le-Fylde on 1 April shared a "similar location
Beyond Caravaggio exhibition features work of the Italian artist and 30 other artists from all over Europe who were influenced by him. It is a collaboration with the National Galleries in London and Dublin. Edinburgh is the last stop for the works inspired by the man known as the "bad boy"
Apple introduced two-step verification to protect users' accounts. Follows claims third-party software was used to steal intimate photos of celebrities from iCloud. One expert suggested Apple should make two-factor authentication the default option. Apple said it plans to more aggressively encourage people to use two-
Marie Colvin was reporting from the rebel-held area of Baba Amr, in Homs, in February 2012. She was killed by government artillery, shortly before, she did live broadcasts for the BBC, Channel Four and CNN. Family believes satellite phone used in broadcasts was traced by Syrian
Archie Darby died on 13 October after being attacked by a Staffordshire bull terrier-type dog in Harwich Road, Colchester. His 22-month-old brother Daniel-Jay was left with "life-changing injuries" The dog was put down with the consent of its owner -
Scottish sporting budget to be cut by 20% in just three years. Governing bodies bracing themselves for potential job losses. Scottish Government says sport and physical activity play a 'key role' in healthy Scotland.
Overweight babies more likely to suffer heart disease or strokes or develop type 2 diabetes in later life. Obese women eat a diet richer in saturated fats and poorer in vitamins and minerals during their pregnancy compared to slim women. The Dorian project is funded by the European Commission.
12 pieces excavated from several different weapons have been handed over to Kilmartin Museum in Argyll. RSPB Scotland reserves archaeologist Jill Harden said they had probably been deliberately broken and thrown into a loch as part of a religious ceremony.
Teenager was punched from behind and stamped on as he lay on the ground. He suffered facial injuries, including an injury to his eye, but did not require hospital treatment. British Transport Police said the 15-year-old was attacked by a man and woman in their 40s.
Man arrested in Valladolid, north-west Spain as part of an Interpol investigation. Spanish police say he had secretly taken photographs of his students as well as sending images of other children to people on the internet. Officers say they found a large number of sexually explicit files involving minors at
Taylor Swift came in second on the Forbes list, taking home an estimated $64m (£40m) Pink, who played 85 dates during the time period Forbes used to make its estimates, came in third. Other artists on the list include Rihanna in fourth with $48m (£30m)
Three-time World Cup winner is selling all three of his medals at auction. His winning medal from the 1962 World Cup in Chile was sold for £140,800. A one-off Jules Rimet trophy made for the former striker after Brazil's triumph in Mexico in 1970 is the most expensive
Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono said it was a "hurtful action" and that Australia had "belittled" the row. Jakarta would review co-operation, he said. Australian PM Tony Abbott expressed regret but said he would not apologise.
Footage appears to show prisoners being beaten and shot by Islamist militants. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights says more than 150 people died in fighting on Thursday. Among the victims are more than 70 government soldiers, 43 civilians and 38 rebels, it says. No group has so far admitted carrying out
Organic farming produces lower yields but more types of wild plants. Research likely to fuel debate over the environmental benefits of organic farming. Farmland provides habitat for many animals but intensification of agriculture has led to loss of biodiversity.
Letter signed by managers for One Direction, Radiohead, Mumford and Sons, Arctic Monkeys and Noel Gallagher. Urges government to put "the public's interests before the touts" Consultation on the resale of tickets closes on Friday.
The bank levy is an annual tax on the value of all of the debts of the UK banks. Treasury hopes the tax will bring in £2.6bn every year. It's equivalent to about 19% of the reported profits before tax of the big five UK banks over the 12 months to
Bond prices have sunk in expectation that Mr Trump will enact inflationary policies. Some bond yields hit their highest for more than six months on Monday. Investors had piled into bonds, seeking a safe - but low - rate of return. But since inflation and interest rates are seen as likely
Supermarket said UK like-for-like sales were up 0.3% in the 13 weeks to 28 May. Tesco also said it had agreed to sell its Harris & Hoole coffee shop chain to Caffe Nero. In April, Tesco announced its first growth in quarterly sales for
The motorist received a Â£100 fine and three points on their licence. Dorset Police said the driver was trying to find a new Sam Smith song on You tube. The singer has released Writing's On The Wall as the theme to the new James Bond film Spectre.
Dame Judi, 79, has age-related macular degeneration, which affects 600,000 people in UK. Actress revealed her diagnosis in 2012, noting her mother had same condition. She said she preferred to have scripts read aloud to her, as Steve Coogan did for
Single-decker was a mile off the local bus route and must have been driven down a farm track. It is understood the bus did not have passengers at the time. Stephensons declined to comment on the incident.
A partial eclipse was visible in Australia, parts of South East Asia and the Pacific.
Universal Basic Income (UBI) would see everyone receive the same sum of money regardless of whether they work or not. There would be no requirements to show an individual is looking for a job either. Finance Secretary Mark Drakeford said the idea was "attractive" and could help tackle
Glan Clwyd Hospital in Bodelwyddan had a two-star "improvement is necessary" rating. Denbigh Infirmary's rating of one star was called "abysmal" Both have now achieved four-star grades.
The Conservatives have been given a huge confidence boost and will feel in a position to challenge in more constituencies next year. The party will also have a huge amount of new data on voters which it'll be able to call upon. Carwyn Jones was in line with most of the criticism of Ed Miliband
Two separate reports suggest Trawsfynydd could be an ideal site for a new small module reactor (SMR) About 300 workers are decommissioning the plant which began in 1995, two years after it ceased operating. The plant is due to enter a care and maintenance period in
Mr Natzler has served as acting Clerk since Sir Robert Rogers' retirement last year. Recruitment of a new Clerk has been dogged by argument over the past nine months. MPs said Ms Mills did not have relevant constitutional experience and accused Mr Bercow of a "stitch
Cannabis is legal in 25 US states and in countries from Canada to Italy. In the UK, police can issue warnings or on-the-spot fines for possession of a small amount. NHS warns cannabis use carries a number of risks, such as impairing the ability to drive.
Tunisia was the first country to depose its leader in the Arab Spring. Polls closed at 18:00 local time (17:00 GMT) Voter turnout reached 36.8% after four and a half hours of voting. Beji Caid Essebs
Alan Archibald expects to lose Bannigan's Erskine in the summer. The 28-year-old has agreed a pre-contract to sign for Thistle on a three-year deal. He started his career at Firhill before moving to Tannadice in 2013.
Tax chiefs from PwC, KPMG, Deloitte and Ernst & Young give evidence to MPs. Public Accounts Committee accused them of making corporate income 'vanish into thin air' But tax chiefs said many assumptions about tax avoidance schemes were wrong.
HPV virus types are thought to account for about 90% of cervical cancers. Scientists hope drop in HPV cases will lead to a significant drop in future cases. Researchers expect to see a decrease in new diagnoses within a year. There were 388 new cases of cervical cancer in Scotland in 2014
Cardiff boss Warnock says he was disappointed he did not get a chance with Villa in the summer. Warnock had discussions with a number of clubs, including Nottingham Forest. The 67-year-old believes Steve Bruce is the right man to take over at Villa Park.
Helmut Oberlander says he was forced to act as a translator for the squad. He has fought three prior attempts by Canada to strip his citizenship and won. His lawyer says Mr Oberlander will also fight this latest citizenship revocation.
Bank of Scotland Business Digital Index assessed small firms in five key skills. It found fewer than a third of small businesses in Scotland lacked basic digital skills compared to UK average of 38%. Experts said lack of digital skills was a primary barrier to doing more business online.
The Dow Jones rose 78 points, or 0.44%, to 17,918.62. The wider S&P 500 index was up 11.18 points to 2,099.73. Data from the Institute for Supply Management showed the US services sector, which accounts for two-thirds
Syed Ali attacked the teenager in Sunderland's Mowbray Park in December last year. Ali, from the city's Barnes area, was found guilty after a trial at Newcastle Crown Court. Det Insp Phil Bond said Ali had "preyed on his victim, befriending her and
Mercedes boss Toto Wolff said the drivers faced'sporting and financial consequences' Wolff refused to give details of the potential sanctions but hinted it could include suspensions from races. The move follows their last-lap collision when Hamilton was trying to pass Rosberg for the lead at
Sites now redirect to message explaining they have been blocked "by decision of public authorities" Decision made following two separate court rulings, which said the websites "spread pornography" Sexually explicit content is not outlawed in Russia, but law bans "illegal production, dissemination and advertisement of pornographic materials
The Victorian Society released its annual list of buildings in need of help. No properties in London and the South-East have been mentioned for the first time. The charity's director said it had "simply got far more nominations from other regions"
Nouri Maliki is bidding for a third term as Prime Minister of Iraq. He is seen as the only candidate capable of defeating an al-Qaeda-inspired insurgency. But Sunni Arabs and Kurds accuse him of being too authoritarian and pro-Shia. A worsening of violence in Iraq could have
Ms Maréchal-Le Pen, 27, is an MP for the National Front (FN) She is the granddaughter of FN founder Jean-Marie Le Pen. She will also quit her position as president of the FN in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur.
Wales face Scotland on Friday night at the Principality Stadium in Cardiff. Wales lost 29-13 to Scotland in their last outing in the Six Nations. Tight-head tight-head Francis says he is relieved to be retained in the starting XV.
Group damaged windows at the branch before damaging cars elsewhere. A local resident also needed hospital treatment after being assaulted on Saturday night. Seven people have been bailed and one released without charge.
Dawlish to Teignmouth line was closed for two months in 2014 due to storms. Report says 10% of journeys on the line could be affected by 2040. Academics identified a link between sea-level change and rail incidents. Diverting routes could potentially cost billions
Southeastern will refund difference in cost between mainline and high speed fares. Season ticket-holders from five stations will also get a 20% refund on mainline fares.
Florence and the Machine, Motorhead, Mark Ronson and an unconfirmed band, rumoured to be The Libertines, on the Pyramid Stage. Professor Stephen Hawking is unlikely to attend the event for an appearance in the Kidz Field. Organisers have not confirmed the identity of the
Dawn Bowden referred to "Goebbels-like propaganda from the right-wing media" in debate. Welsh Tory leader has written to Presiding Officer Elin Jones asking her to remind AMs to use more appropriate language. Ms Bowden said she stood by what she
Business journalists must steer away from closed-economy thinking, says Linda Yueh. We are in the midst of a digital revolution when it comes to the way news is delivered to audiences. Viewers increasingly want to watch and listen at a time when they want to, she says.
Lasse Christensen and Cauley Woodrow available to face QPR on Saturday. Brewers manager Nigel Clough says both players are in the club's long-term plans. 22-year-old Christensen has not started a Championship match this season. Striker Woodrow has
Dylan has Down's syndrome and has made the Down's Syndrome GB swimming squad. His mother and two other mothers took matters into their own hands when they struggled to find specialist support. They decided to host a coffee morning for parents with children with the condition. The success led to the
Joel Andresier, 39, from Southampton, said the pushchair had been covered in "pretty much every bodily fluid known to science" by his three children. At one stage the highest bid for the three-wheeler stood at more than £150,000. He reset the price
Paul Robson is the second Rabobank trader to plead guilty to trying to rig the Yen Libor rate. He is the first Briton to do so and the second trader at the Dutch bank to plead. Barclays Bank, RBS and Lloyds Bank have all been
The England Knights player made his Tigers debut as a 16-year-old in 2008. He went on to make 44 first-team appearances for the Tigers, scoring 16 tries. "I'm looking forward to a new challenge and something a bit different," Arundel says.
Nigel Edwards says hundreds of millions of pounds could be better spent elsewhere. Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt says doctors agree with him, despite criticism from BMA. The BMA has until next Friday to agree to discuss the plans with the government. Ministers argue thousands of people die every year
Helen Jenkins won the women's triathlon World Series on the Gold Coast. The Welsh athlete ended the 13-event winning streak of Gwen Jorgensen. Jodie Stimpson finished 12th, more than three minutes behind the winner.
NCA to investigate sale of Northern Ireland assets owned by Republic of Ireland's Nama. PSNI asked NCA to take the lead because of the complexity and scale of the investigation. It is the NCA's first major investigation since it began operating in Northern Ireland in May.
Stratolaunch plans to launch rockets from high-flying aircraft. Plane would be powered by six 747 jumbo jet engines and have a wingspan of 385ft (117m) First test flights are scheduled to begin in 2016. Richard Branson's Virgin Galactic aims to take
RSPB Scotland opposed the developments in the Firth of Forth and firth of Tay over concerns for wildlife. Scottish ministers approved the Inch Cape, Neart na Gaoithe and Seagreen Alpha and Bravo projects. The projects could provide power for 1.4 million homes
Andrew Steele, 49, confessed to and raping one girl and touching another between 1996 and 2005. He was initially released pending further investigations but was detained months later. Steele, from Dunfermline, told officers his mother was "up in the sky" urging him to confess.
Zabair Hussain, 41, was discovered with multiple injuries to his head and body. He was found in Darnall, Sheffield, at about 23:20 GMT and later died at the scene. 28-year-old arrested man has been taken into police custody.
Since violence flared in Juba in July, 340,000 people have fled into Uganda. Every day, on average, another 2,500 South Sudanese become refugees. "They are killing people, sleeping with wives, stealing," says Nelson Ladu Thomas. Uganda is coping extremely well
Rangers cut the gap to nine points at the top of the Scottish Premiership with a 3-0 win over Dons. Kenny Miller, Joe Dodoo and a brace from the Ibrox side secured the three points. Dons boss Neil McInnes says his side must finish second
Lance Corporal Derby XXX was promoted to the rank of lance corporal. He is the 30th in a line of mascot rams dating back to the mid-19th Century. The Swaledale ram is officially classed as a soldier but gets paid to buy his rations
One bomber blew himself up outside the mausoleum of Sayid Mohammed bin Ali al-Hadi. Another bomber is said to have blown himself up among fleeing worshippers. The death toll from Sunday's suicide bombing in Baghdad has again been raised to 292.
'Binge-watching' usage was up 200% on 2014, according to the Collins dictionary. Other entries include dadbod, ghosting, clean eating and clean eating. Lexicographers say it reflects a change in viewing habits, due to subscription services like Netflix.
Luiz Felipe Scolari and his coaching staff surrender their positions to the board. Scolari won the tournament in 2002 but Brazil could only finish fourth at this year's event. Brazil were thrashed 7-1 by Germany in the semi-finals then lost 3-0 to the Netherlands
British Generic Manufacturers Association said trusts often paid much less than list price. Department for Health said it has plans to cut generic drug costs. 14 generic cancer drugs showed price rises of more than 100%.
This is the fourth time in five years there has been no winner. Kenya's Mwai Kibaki met at least one of the criteria. His 2007 re-election was tarnished by disputes which turned violent.
Storm Barbara could see winds gusting to 90mph over western and northern parts of Scotland. Forecasters warn of possible disruption to power supplies and travel. Amber warning is in place from 12:00 Friday to 06:00 Saturday. Yellow "be aware" warnings are also in place for
Michelle Terry will take over as artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe in April 2018. She has performed at the Globe in As You Like It, A Midsummer Night's Dream and Love's Labour's Lost. Terry won an Olivier award for her performance in Tribes at the Royal Court in
39-year-old Angharad Bullock was reported missing on 28 April, along with the toddler. Officers are concerned for the welfare of the pair.
Frontwoman Jillian Hervey and co-writer Lucas Goodman first came to attention in 2012. They've worked with Mark Ronson, Childish Gambino and Pharrell Williams. Hervey's mother is actress and singer Vanessa Williams.
The mural, called Slave Labour, disappeared from a wall in Wood Green, north London. It appeared in a Miami sale but was removed from the lot after protests by Haringey Council. A local councillor and the local Trades Union Congress have attacked the sale.
Macau is the world's largest gaming centre - ahead of Las Vegas - and the only place in China where casinos are allowed. Revenues down 32.2% for the period to 16.4bn Macau patacas ($2.05bn; Â£1.36bn
The Akademi has condemned "any atrocity against any writer" in India. Came as 100 writers protested outside the council, demanding it take measures to protect freedom of speech. Several writers have returned their awards to the council in recent weeks, protesting rising intolerance.
Ruskin College's governing body agreed to cut two of its six BA programmes. College principal Chris Wilkes said the decision was related to "low student numbers rather than any other reason" He said it would continue to focus on adult education.
David Ellis, 40, has been arrested in Ireland. Retired telecoms engineer Mr Warburton, 59, has not been seen since 31 July. His car was found abandoned at Birkenhead port days later.
Orica-Scott rider Yates, 24, started Sunday second overall. He climbed off with 75km of the 210km stage remaining. Slovak Sagan won an uphill sprint to take his second victory of the race.
The 30-year-old won 61 caps for England after making his senior debut in 2009. He was a squad member at two World Cups and two European Championships. Milner also holds the record for the most capped England Under-21 player.
Arsenal and Hull draw 0-0 in their FA Cup third round replay at the Emirates. Hull keeper Eldin Jakupovic made a string of saves to deny the Gunners. The two sides made a total of 19 changes between them from their previous games. Arsene Wenger
Huawei says it is pursuing Samsung in two courts - one in California, the other in Shenzhen. Samsung told the BBC it would defend its business interests. Huawei's intellectual property chief indicated it was seeking permission to use some of Samsung's technologies.
Gaddafi's killing in an air strike is a grievous strategic error, argues Shashank Joshi. He says it was hoped the disruption would disorient regime soldiers on the front line. But was the strike also an assassination attempt? Legality indicates neither legitimacy nor prudence,
Black Ford Fiesta appeared to have hit a tree in foggy conditions on the B5030. Two cyclists discovered the car in Crakemarsh near Uttoxeter, Staffordshire. The girl, in the back of the car, was treated at hospital for minor injuries.
Lord Dunlop said the talks were at a "sensitive and critical point" But he told peers that "significant progress" had been made. Peers agreed to go ahead with detailed scrutiny of the new powers contained in the Scotland Bill. Tory former Scottish secretary Lord Forsyth had called
Satellite images appear to confirm China has deployed anti-aircraft missiles on Woody or Yongxing Island in the Paracels. Island is claimed by China, Taiwan and Vietnam and the presence of missiles would significantly increase tensions. China dismissed the reports as "hype", but said
Vote on relaxing hunting laws in England and Wales has been postponed. SNP had said it would not vote on issues affecting only England only. First Minister says David Cameron can't carry his own parliamentary group. Downing Street says new proposals on Hunting Act will be introduced in due course.
Labour leader wants an interim report on the cause of the fire by September. He wants a wider probe into building regulations, council funding and other issues. The presumed death toll stands at 80 but police say it will not be known until the end of the year. Retired former Court of
Brian Mujati has signed for the Ospreys to provide injury cover. Dmitri Arhip and Ma'afu Fia are currently sidelined. Rhodri Jones is in the Wales squad.
Aiden Webb, 22, from Norwich, was climbing Fansipan mountain alone. He fell down a ravine and lost his way, his girlfriend Bluebell Baughan said. The Foreign Office confirmed it was assisting his family. Mr Webb's father and uncle are expected to arrive in Vietnam
Harry Jepson began his affiliation with Leeds in the 1960s and was named president in 2004. Rhinos chief executive Gary Hetherington said: "Harry had a wonderful life and touched the lives of so many others" Lizzie Jones sang Challenge Cup anthem 'Abide With Me
Tian Tian was artificially inseminated earlier this year. Tests have given a "strong indication" of pregnancy. She could give birth at the end of the month.
David Lindo's campaign shortlist of 10 birds chosen by online voters on his website. He will close the vote on the day of the general election, 7 May, and ask the new government to appoint the winner. The RSPB welcomed the initiative and said the lack of a national
The 25-year-old man reportedly calls himself Harald Hitler. He had his photograph taken outside the house in Braunau am Inn in which Hitler was born. Police spokesman said this was not a joke or a piece of performance art. Glorifying the Nazi era is a crime
Adrian Fatchett, 52, was injured at a house in Highfield Avenue, Athersley South. He died on Saturday night despite being treated at the scene by paramedics. A 17-year-old boy arrested on suspicion of murder has been bailed and investigations continue.
Hammersmith and City Line suspended between Edgware Road and Hammersmith. Circle Line also closed partly due to fire and partly because of planned engineering work. Fire broke out at 24-storey block which contained 120 one and two-bedroom flats. Police presume 58 people have
Root is favourite to replace Alastair Cook as England captain. Yorkshire batsman had been Test vice-captain to Cook since May 2015. Ben Stokes, Stuart Broad and Jos Buttler have also been mooted as possible candidates. England's leading Test wicket-taker
More than 11% of all internet traffic is believed to be illegally shared, copyrighted content. Internet service providers are trying to spread the cost of upgraded service to content providers like Netflix. Critics say this violates the so-called "net neutrality" principle that all traffic should be treated equally.
Burnley beat Blackburn Rovers 1-0 in the Lancashire derby at Turf Moor. Elliott Bennett's powerful effort was brilliantly kept out by home keeper Tom Heaton. The Clarets are now four points clear of third-placed Hull City.
Jaguar Land Rover to invest in aluminium chassis for future models. New mid-sized sports saloon to be introduced in 2015. JLR has also unveiled a concept car called the C-X17, which is halfway between a sports car and an SUV.
Corey Whitely scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Jordan Maguire-Drew nearly put the Daggers in front early on. Ryan Bird did the same with a header as the sides sparred.
Toto Nsiala gave Hartlepool the lead after just eight minutes. Jon Stead hit the post twice before Louis Lang equalised. Stead curled home with 14 minutes remaining to cap a fine comeback.
Josh Hanson, of Kingsbury, north-west London, was stabbed in the neck. He died at the scene shortly after 01:10 BST on Sunday. Scotland Yard said about 40 people were in the bar at the time of the attack.
The Woodland Trust's annual contest will decide which specimen represents the country in the Europe-wide event. The final winner of the England heat will be decided by public vote. This year's list includes yew trees, ancient oaks, hawthornes and the sycamore under which the
The 75-year-old was recovered unconscious from the water at Tywyn. He was flown to hospital by the coastguard rescue helicopter but later died. In a separate incident, three people were rescued from the sea in Harlech.
Kerry Foods confirmed the redundancies, which were initially announced in February. The company said a consultation process "had failed to secure a strategy which would ensure the sustainability of production at the site"
Jellyfish blooms have appeared along the shoreline on Anglesey in the last three weeks. There have been reports of children being stung by the Lion's Mane jellyfish. Anglesey Sea Zoo advises swimmers to treat stings with vinegar and urine.
Bethany Hill, 20, was found dead with neck injuries in Stratford-upon-Avon. It is alleged she was killed by Jack Williams, 21, and his girlfriend, Kayleigh Woods, 23. The pair, who are on trial at Warwick Crown Court, deny murder.
Flt Lt William Wales is based at RAF Valley on Anglesey, north Wales. He has spent recent years flying rescue missions, and qualified as a helicopter captain in 2012.
Wales face Samoa in their second autumn international on Friday night. Robin McBryde has made seven changes to the side that beat Tonga 24-6 last Friday. Ospreys player Cory Hill replaces Cory Hill, who was called up by the British and Irish Lions. Thor
Inspector Harold Stephens said the County Plan was 'unrealistic and flawed' Council wanted him to reassess his findings but he has refused. The authority has now said it will take that decision to court.
Immigration minister Damian Green blamed the last government. Labour said the coalition was "failing on illegal immigration"
German Chancellor Angela Merkel tops the list for the sixth year running. Hillary Clinton is placed second, with Janet Yellen, chairwoman of the US Federal Reserve, third. The Queen is 29th, while Ms Sturgeon is 50th overall, according to Forbes magazine.
Fifty sheep were stolen from a farm in Ammanford. The farmer spotted a flock two weeks later at a livestock market in Llanybydder. Paternity tests revealed they were the offspring of the farmer's rams. Andrew Thomas, 39, of Garnant admitted handling the
Blake created the majority of his books from a printing studio in Lambeth. The studio was destroyed when the building was razed in 1918. William Blake: Apprentice and Master has opened at the Ashmolean Museum.
Research firm EIU rates Donald Trump as riskier than Britain leaving the EU. China encountering a "hard landing" or sharp economic slowdown and Russia's interventions in Ukraine and Syria are also seen as more dangerous. The EIU does not expect Mr Trump to defeat Hillary Clinton who it sees as "
The tie-up, announced in March, is expected to be completed by the end of this year or early 2017. It will create one of the world's largest exchange companies with a combined value of about £21bn. Each of the two companies has more than 5,000 staff.
Russian ex-pat Ksenia Bobkova is the co-founder of the first banya in London. The massage, which takes place in a sauna room set at a temperature of 70C, is said to boost circulation and prevent premature ageing of the skin. Two years after
Sky Mobile will offer flexible monthly payment plans and the ability to roll over unused data each month for up to three years. Existing Sky TV customers will not have to pay for calls or texts and can compile playlists of their favourite shows to watch on their mobiles. According to Sky, some 46
Mr Joyce was one of 20 company chief executives who signed a petition in March calling on Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull to legalise same-sex marriage. It led to criticism from Immigration Minister Peter Dutton, who said it was "unacceptable that people would use companies and the money of publicly-listed
Manchester United and Hull draw 0-0 at Old Trafford. Zlatan Ibrahimovic and Paul Pogba miss best chances for hosts. Hull move off the bottom of the Premier League table with point. Lazar Markovic came close to winning it late on for the Tigers.
Devindra Ferguson, 28, of Colindale, north-west London, arrested on suspicion of attempted murder. The man was seriously injured when he was struck at Kentish Town station in north London. British Transport Police said the 28-year-old is due to appear in court
Sebastian Vettel and Kimi Raikkonen will start alongside Lewis Hamilton on the front row. Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas was third ahead of Daniel Ricciardo and Max Verstappen. Williams' Felipe Massa and Lance Stroll
Kayden fell ill with a hole in his diaphragm, a hernia that he'd probably had since birth. Hospital staff said he needed a simple operation to mend the hole, but days later he was in pain. Family pushed hospital staff to find an operation slot for him
Tegwen Devichand is Labour deputy group leader at Carmarthenshire council. She opposes plans to remove English-stream education at Ysgol Llangennech. Plaid Cymru has accused Labour members of working with UKIP to undermine the council's decision.
Blair Alston scored his first goal for St Johnstone to give them the lead. Joe Garner headed Rangers level from a corner before the break. Saints could have gone second with victory but instead draw level with second-placed Aberdeen. Rangers have won only two of their home
The 2016 Republican presidential campaign brought us plenty of losers. But there are many different shades of losing. Here's how the men (and woman) who came up short rank in terms of their defeats.
Man, named as Josh Pitt from Leighton Buzzard, died from a single gunshot wound. He was fatally injured after police attended a property in Hibbert Street, Luton, on 9 November. Body-worn video footage from some of the officers will be analysed as investigations continue.
Swansea, West Brom and Bournemouth have all been linked with Terry. The 36-year-old has made 717 appearances for Chelsea. Terry is a five-time Premier League title winner with the London club.
Sale had raced to a 31-9 lead just after half-time at AJ Bell Stadium. Josh Bassett and Ashley Johnson put Wasps back in touching distance. Kurtley Beale scored Wasps' third try 11 minutes from time.
Lewis Hamilton has won 50 races in his Formula 1 career. Michael Schumacher (91) and Alain Prost (51) are the only other drivers to reach 50. BBC Sport looks at five of Hamilton's best victories.
Landslides and flooding caused by torrential rain in Sri Lanka have killed at least 43 people. Nearly 350,000 people have been displaced. Three villages buried after a huge section of hillside sheared away in the rain on Tuesday. Bad weather is hampering the army's
American sprinter Justin Gatlin recorded a time of 19.57 seconds in Oregon. It bettered the 19.68 secs he ran in May which, at that stage, was the best in the world. Gatlin finished ahead of Isiah Young (19.93 secs
Expense met with anger in Israel, which is facing austerity measures. Mr Netanyahu's office said the prime minister had been unaware of the cost. The aircraft cost about $300,000 to use, before the custom fittings.
Tens of thousands of security forces are deployed in Indian-administered Kashmir. Armed Forces Special Powers Act allows troops to shoot to kill suspected militants. Amnesty says sweeping powers have led to a cycle of impunity.
David Gilroy will be sentenced for the murder of Suzanne Pilley next Wednesday. Earlier this week permission was granted to film the proceedings at the High Court. Gilroy was found guilty by a jury last month of murdering 38-year-old Ms Pilley.
Katie Hopkins wrongly said the Mahmood family had links to al-Qaeda in two articles published in December 2015. Her apology has been shared more than 3,500 times on Twitter, including by the family's MP, Stella Creasy. Mail Online also paid Â£150,000
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei used Lego to create portraits of political dissidents. He planned a similar work for the National Gallery of Victoria in Melbourne, Australia. But Lego refused a bulk order for bricks that were to be used in the exhibition. Company said it never sold directly to anyone wanting to
Miranda Hart makes her West End debut as orphanage owner in Annie. Comedian and actress did her trademark gallop during curtain call. Reviews have been largely positive, with one calling her "half gorgon, half goofball"
Northampton Borough Council found 21 homeless people in the town. The people were "resolutely refusing to leave the streets", the report said. Council officials held talks with 30 organisations to develop a plan to eliminate rough sleeping by June 2017.
Mikheil Saakashvili was born in 1967 in Tbilisi to a doctor father and historian mother. He did his Soviet military service in Ukraine and studied international law in the US. In 2004 he was elected president of Georgia with 96% of the vote, at the
Citizens Advice Scotland said cases had risen by 12% in the last four years. Most common issues involved low pay, withheld wages and unfair dismissal. CAS has highlighted the issues in a report to Holyrood's MSPs.
West Ham's first Premier League game at the London Stadium is against Bournemouth on 21 August. Paulo Dybala and Mario Mandzukic gave Juventus a 2-0 lead at the former Olympic Stadium. Andy Carroll pulled a goal back and then headed the equaliser before Simone
Most of the deaths resulted from a stampede as hundreds of students rushed to escape. Twenty-five others were injured in the fire which broke out as students were sleeping. The government has closed the boarding school and ordered a full investigation into the fire.
14 Olympians, four of them gold medallists, are included in Sarasota-Bradenton event. European champion Victoria Thornley continues in the single scull. Rio Paralympic champions Grace Clough and James Fox are part of the mixed coxed four crew.
The quartet have made more than 370 regional appearances between them. Dan Lydiate returned to Welsh rugby on a national dual contract in December 2014. Samson Lee signed his first dual contract with Scarlets in January 2015. Hallam Amos' deal is a boost for Newport Gwent
Cole was released by West Ham in May and available on a free transfer. The 32-year-old also played for Chelsea, Liverpool and on loan at Lille. Villa boss Paul Lambert has also signed former Arsenal defender Philippe Senderos.
In April 2016, the then home secretary gave a speech warning of the implications of a vote to leave the EU. Here's how some of the key quotes compare with what she said in January 2017.
A team from Cardiff University has appealed to more than 3,000 beekeepers to send in photos, videos and audio files from hives over the summer. The noises will be analysed at the School of Pharmacy. Research will help them learn where the bees find their feed by mapping the exact locations
Lincoln City beat Oldham Athletic 3-2 in the second round of the League One Cup. The Imps took the lead through Theo Robinson's close-range header. Terry Hawkridge slotted in a second shortly after, and Robinson chipped in to make it 3-0 after the break
Public Accounts Committee accuses department of making 'fundamental errors' Labour MP Margaret Hodge says the final cost to the taxpayer could be'very much larger' Department for Transport says it has taken steps to prevent a repeat of the failure. But Labour accuses ministers of 'hiding behind their
Nobel laureate Sir Tim Hunt criticised for disparaging remarks about women in science. But many female scientists in the past were not given credit they deserved for their achievements. Dorothy Hodgkin, Marie Curie, Esther Lederberg and Henrietta Leavitt are just a few of
Lines, 47, followed up a 3-0 win over the Scot with a 4-0 defeat of England's 1991 world champion John Parrott. Now aged 48, Hendry retired after being knocked out of the 2012 World Championship.
Scotland on Sunday saw print sales fall more than 20% in the first half of 2014. It now has an average weekly sale of less than 25,000. The Sunday Herald found a niche by backing the independence cause. Its publisher, Newsquest, also saw a gap in the daily market for
Lib Dem health spokesman says new levy would be offset by income tax or national insurance. He has warned the NHS faces collapse without an urgent cash injection. The plans are not yet party policy and will not be put to this year's conference.
Clyde Bully-wee manager says he can turn the club's fortunes around. Cumbernauld lost 4-1 to third-placed Elgin City in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. Forfar Athletic Forfar are eight points clear of Arbroath at the top of
For many Greeks, the EU remains a "one-way" street, as one man put it. But for some younger Greeks in Thessaloniki, exit is an attractive idea, or at least the abandonment of the hated euro. Change may take a generation if it ever happens,
Ground surveys found parts just four meters below the surface. Pilot Gordon Hayter Proctor had safely bailed out of the plane on the northern side of the border. It glided on before crashing in a field in Figullar, Emyvale, on 20 November 1942. Project
Free taxis for pupils 12 miles from Ysgol Brynhyfryd, Denbighshire, were stopped. Parents claim their children's route to the bus stop is too dangerous to walk. Glenda Coleman, who lives in Bryneglwys, said: "We
At least 290 people were killed and hundreds more injured when the 6.2-magnitude quake struck. The town of Amatrice was among the worst affected areas. Service at St Andrew's Cathedral was led by the Archbishop of Glasgow, Philip Tartaglia.
The annual Bald Archy Prize for satirical art is a colourful way to get to know some of Canberra's main protagonists. The winner of this year's prize will be announced in Sydney later this year. Readers may find some of the images offensive.
Hamilton's Mercedes was 0.264 seconds quicker than Vettel, with Rosberg 0.035secs further adrift. Williams' Valtteri Bottas, Felipe Massa and Pastor Maldonado's Lotus left Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen in seventh. McL
Benjamin Hyland-Ward faces nine counts of fraud by false representation. The 18-year-old is due to appear before Brighton Magistrates' Court on 24 March. Hundreds were left ticket-less after paying to go to the event last September.
Several well-known activists were arrested on the eve of Mr Xi's arrival. They had staged a protest at an iconic sculpture symbolising the handover. The sculpture of a bauhinia flower - Hong Kong's emblem - by the city's harbour was a gift from China.
Sofia Ashraf, 29, posted a live video of her singing a song in front of the new chief minister's residence. Sasikala Natarajan, a close aide to the late chief minister J Jayalalitha, was appointed to the post on Sunday.
A dispatcher and supervisor of the landfill, the chief and deputy manager of a company in charge of it, and seven other people were arrested. The landslide happened when a hill of construction waste collapsed, leaving 74 people either missing or dead.
Scottish government warned it could face legal action over its record on air pollution. Air pollution is blamed for about 2,000 premature deaths in Scotland each year. Law organisation ClientEarth argues UK government's plans are inadequate. It has already won a landmark ruling against the UK government at the
Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams died in 2012 in a car chase. Michael Brelo, 31, the only officer to be charged, was cleared of voluntary manslaughter at the court in Cleveland. The US has seen a series of police race-related killings, some of which have led to serious
Blasts hit the Shia shrine of Sayyida Zeinab, south of Syria's capital Damascus. Four blasts in the district killed at least 83 people, according to state media. A monitoring group reported that 57 people, mainly civilians, were killed in a double car bombing in Homs.
Championship winners will go up automatically if they meet'minimum standard criteria' Jersey and Yorkshire Carnegie are among clubs that are in favour of the change. Second-tier sides will share £2.7m between them over three years, but relegated Premiership sides will receive a parachute payment of
Price of steel in Pembrokeshire has dropped by 88% over the last year. Flintshire has seen the price for plastics halved. Experts say a slump in oil prices, cheap steel imports, and China's slowdown are to blame. Welsh authorities are being
Second, parallel conference features CEOs of world's largest corporations with big operations in the region.
Boy was excluded from school following incident, in which no-one was injured. Dumfries and Galloway council described the behaviour as "totally unacceptable" Local authority said it took safety in its schools very seriously.
The 128-man draw for the World Snooker Championship takes place in York. Ronnie O'Sullivan, Shaun Murphy and Ding Junhui are among the leading players. O'Sullivan will be the favourite to win the tournament, says BBC pundit Ken Doherty. Ali
Red Bull were the only team to beat Mercedes last year and finished second in the championship. But they were 1.6 seconds off the pace at Albert Park in Melbourne. Red Bull admit they have work to do with both their chassis and the Renault engine. Max Verstappen spent much
Scotland voted No to independence in 2014 following a record-breaking turnout of 84.6%. But things have changed since then - most notably the decision by the UK to leave the European Union. Ruairidh Forbes delayed moving from Edinburgh to London to begin a PhD in physics.
More than 50 traders will open later night with special events and promotions. Perth and Kinross council is backing the event. Private car parking company Smart Parking will waive charges on Thursday and Friday afternoons in the run up to Christmas.
All-rounder included in T20 squad to face Sri Lanka on 5 July at Ageas Bowl. Dawson was part of England's World T20 team in March. The 26-year-old has impressed for Hampshire in limited-overs cricket this season.
Constable Ronan Kerr, 25, died when a bomb exploded under his car in Omagh on Saturday. Members of his Gaelic football club joined his police colleagues in a highly symbolic guard of honour. No group has claimed responsibility for the attack but dissident republicans have been blamed.
Frank Mulholland said he had informed Nicola Sturgeon of his intention to quit. He said it had been a'real privilege' to lead the prosecution service in Scotland. The law officer added that it was time to'step down and do other things'
Incident happened at Unst harbour about 06:50. There were no passengers on board, only four crew members. No-one was injured and there was no loss of fuel from the vessel.
Leigh-Anne Mahachi, 22, was discovered at a property in Gleadless Valley. She died later in hospital after suffering multiple stab wounds. A 37-year-old man from Colchester, Essex, arrested on suspicion of murder.
The 21-year-old is the youngest MP elected to the House of Commons since 1880. Ms Black won the Paisley and Renfrewshire South seat in May's general election. Earlier this month, she was named Glasgow University's Young Alumnus of the Year.
Noel Conway, 67, was diagnosed in November 2014 and is not expected to live beyond 12 months. Mr Conway, from Shrewsbury, attended court in a wheelchair and on a ventilator. The case is the first heard since the law was challenged in 2014 and 2015.
Porto beat Bayern Munich 3-2 in first leg of their Champions League quarter-final. Ricardo Quaresma, Jackson Martinez and Thiago scored the goals for the Portuguese side. Bayern were without Franck Ribery, Arjen Robben and Bastian Schwein
Radwan Hamed collapsed during a game in Belgium in 2006. Tests showed his heart was abnormal but he was not stopped from playing. Last year a judge ruled Spurs breached its duties to him. The club regretted a former employee had been remiss in their duties.
Pirates of the Caribbean star will play title role in Therese Raquin. The Roundabout Theatre Company show opens in October 2015 in New York. Knightley previously trod the boards in London in The Misanthrope.
Argentina lost to Chile in Copa America final in June. Lionel Messi missed a penalty in the shootout. Bauza has won the Copa Libertadores South American club competition twice.
Toronto Public Library shared the note he had tucked into the pages of a comic book. The note said: "I am sorry that a page ripped when it fell out of my bunk when I fell asleep reading"
Darren Waites beat Jeff Smith 7-1 in Sunday's final at Lakeside. The 38-year-old had an operation on a rotator cuff problem in February. Waites is the eighth man to win the BDO title on more than one occasion.
Aiton, 30, had scans to diagnose the injury on Monday. He joined the Dragons from Leeds at the end of last season. The Papua New Guinea player played 94 games for both Wakefield and Leeds.
Man, 31, was shot by police on Francis Street at around 09:35 GMT. IPCC said officers had fired more than one shot at the man. Humberside Police said armed officers had been sent to the Holderness Road area. The dead man has not been named but
Linden signs for second half of Womens Super League season. The 25-year-old forward has represented Germany at every level. Blues fought off competition from some major European sides to sign Linden. She is the third German to join the club this season.
Hartlepool MP Iain Wright writes to Sports Direct boss to ask him to give evidence. Mr Ashley has until 21 March to respond after BBC investigation into working practices. Company has previously pledged to review worker rights, with oversight by Mr Ashley.
Wales coach claims there has been no alcohol ban in his squad. Gatland says some of the stuff has been self-imposed by players. Wales take on France in Saturday's World Cup semi-final at Twickenham.
Dundee beat Motherwell 5-1 in the Scottish Premiership. Zak Jules opened the scoring for Dundee with an own goal. Louis Moult equalised for the home side before Marcus Haber scored twice. Mark O'Hara and Craig Wighton made it 5
Tottenham crash out of Champions League after 2-1 defeat at Monaco. Thomas Lemar and Djibril Sidibe scored in five-minute spell to sink Spurs. Harry Kane equalised from the penalty spot before Thomas Lemar scored winner. Mauricio Pochettino's side
Six people were aboard a raft on the Thunder River Rapids ride when it flipped after a collision with another raft. Luke Dorsett, 35, and his partner Roozbeh Araghi, 38, both died. Kate Goodchild, 32, was on a family holiday to attend a
Police raided John Nicholson's Dundee home in February following a tip-off. Officers found drugs including more than 2.5 kg of heroin with a street value of £263,000. Nicholson will be sentenced on 11 May after admitting being concerned in the supply of drugs.
Swansea parted company with Garry Monk on Wednesday. Monk left the club following a run of just one win in 11 Premier League games. AEK Athens boss Gus Poyet was thought to be in the frame to replace him.
Neel Croos, 26, died from a head injury following a fight in Holborn Way, Mitcham. Prashad Sothalingam, nicknamed Bullet, was found guilty of murder at a retrial at the Old Bailey. Mr Croos's group, which was also armed
Asian investors are fed up with waiting for the Fed decision. When the US raises rates, the US dollar tends to rise which means other currencies depreciate against it. RBC Capital Markets says emerging markets currencies will be weaker in 2016. Capital outflows from emerging markets are on track
Alistair Spagnoletti, 21, and Curtis Walker, 23, pleaded guilty to controlling a child. Callum Ward, 19, of Watford, was found guilty of the same charge. Police said the men groomed a 17-year-old girl into prostitution.
Hazard fractured his ankle while on international duty with Belgium on Sunday. Chelsea say the operation on Monday was'successful' The 26-year-old will not return to training for approximately three months. Hazard was instrumental as Chelsea won the Premier League last season.
Body of man in his 70s found at house in Little Gaddesden, near Berkhamsted. Man in his 80s also taken to hospital after incident on Saturday afternoon. Detectives want to question 55-year-old Ian John McLoughlin, also known as Ian John
Zachary Barker, nine, died in hospital after the collision in Leek, Staffordshire. His mother Stephanie said she wanted others to "benefit from his short life" She said transplants meant 'even in death, he could carry on helping others'
The former London Irish man, 29, was injured in Friday's loss at Newcastle. "He really hurt his neck and he has got pins and needles in his arms and through his hands," director of rugby Todd Blackadder said.
Inquiry in Ebbw Vale examining request to take over 250 hectares (600 acres) of common land. Backers, including Blaenau Gwent council, have offered around 320 hectares (800 acres) Conservationists claim it would damage habitats and plant life by building on
Mohamed Eisa gave the Robins the lead two minutes from the break in controversial circumstances. Kyle Storer swung a free-kick in from from the left and Eisa was on hand to poke the loose ball home from close range. Three minutes later the Shrimps levelled through Garry Thompson
Around 200 suicides a year of people cared for by crisis teams - three times the number in hospitals. A third had been discharged from hospital in the previous fortnight. University of Manchester report suggests crisis teams in the UK are under too much pressure. NHS trusts that involve families in investigating deaths
Connacht led 3-6 to 1-10 at half-time before Ulster took control. Diarmuid Murtagh scored two goals for the hosts. Aidan Breen replied with an Ulster goal. Charlie Vernon scored 1-4 without reply for Ulster.
The state of Holyrood's coffee was raised during questions about staff and services. Linda Fabiani suggested complainers could use "very good coffee bags" and hot water. The call was made by Scottish Conservative Mary Scanlon and backed by SNP MSP Mike MacKenzie.
Hospitals may have to focus on 'front door pressures' during peak winter months. Two hospitals in Swansea and Bridgend have already cancelled surgical procedures.
Ethiopia's population is heading towards 100 million, with a quarter still living in extreme poverty. In the first decade of this century, the number of Ethiopians living in poverty dropped by a third. British taxpayers are giving over Â£300m ($466m) a year to
The alarm was raised at about midnight on Thursday when the men became stranded. Three lifeboats and a rescue helicopter went to the scene. It has been described as a "major recue operation"
The eight-day race starts with a 4km time trial on Sunday. Team Sky's Froome has won the Criterium in each of the last two years. Tinkoff's Contador has never won the race.
Red sand boa is a protected species, and looks like it has two heads. The snake is prized on the black market because many believe it brings good luck. Police in Bangalore arrested four people trying to sell it for $1,500 (Â£1,100)
Supporters and colleagues gathered outside the Alvorada Palace to bid her farewell. Ms Rousseff was dismissed last week after the Senate found her guilty of manipulating the budget. She denies wrongdoing and has dismissed her impeachment as a "coup d'etat" Vice-president Michel Temer
Dundalk beat St Patrick's Athletics 2-0. Candystripes move to within six points of second-placed Cork City who were held to a 0-0 draw by Shamrock Rovers. Wexford suffered a blow in the second half as goalscorer Boyle was
Llanberis Mountain Rescue was called out 43 times to Wales and England's highest peak in August. Tourism body Visit Wales' recent year of adventure campaign encouraged visitors to 'Find Your Epic' Chairman of the team of volunteers said'serious consideration' needed to be given to how
Neymar will cost PSG £198m over a five-year contract. Barcelona president Josep Maria Bartomeu had threatened to report PSG to Uefa for breaching FFP rules. Uefa introduced Financial Fair Play rules in 2013 to stop clubs accumulating too much
Colin Kazim-Richards signed from Feyenoord and Erik Sviatchenko from Midtjylland. Nadir Ciftci joined Eskisehirspor on loan while Patrick Roberts joined Manchester City. Dundee United failed to make the exciting signings Dundee United
The Pirate Bay has been largely inaccessible for the last 24 hours. Site allows users to illegally obtain copyrighted songs, films and other content for free. Security expert says it is unlikely that the attack came from hacking group Anonymous.
Open Bionics' hand relies on myoelectric signals, meaning it detects muscle movements via sensors stuck to the owner's skin and uses them to control its grip. A single flex of the wearer's muscles opens and closes the fingers, while a double flex changes the shape to form a pinch grip
Francois Fillon has won a battle with his centre-right party but is still trailing in polls. Latest poll puts him third, several points behind centrist Emmanuel Macron and National Front's Marine Le Pen. Fillon has stuck fast to his hard-core base for the past six weeks
Proposals made by NHS 'Future Fit' board. Urgent care centres would be based at both sites. Women and children's services would also be moved to Shrewsbury.
Scott Brown could win his 50th cap if he features against Denmark on Tuesday. Kenny McLean won his first cap in Thursday's 1-0 friendly win over Czech Republic in Prague. Celtic left-back Kieran Tierney and Nottingham Forest midfielder Oliver Burke could earn their first
EDF boss Jean-Bernard Levy joined officials from the UK, France and China. Hinkley will be the UK's first new nuclear plant in a generation. The government gave the go-ahead for the plant earlier this month.
SSAFA said there were more than 3,000 calls to Forcesline from serving troops last year. The service was set up at the Army's request after four recruits died at its Deepcut Barracks. It said the rise in the number of calls "although not a cause for panic
Kenneth Dymond, 37, also made contact with a 15-year-old girl over the internet. More than 500 images were recovered from his computers and phones. Dymond was serving as an detective constable in the Met's Specialist Crime and Operations Command at the time of the offences
Jeremy Corbyn's is a leadership his party members want, overwhelmingly so. Were a coup to be staged the membership would either re-elect him, or elect someone similar. Some think serious electoral reverses in next May's round of elections might do the trick.
Ding Junhui leads Alan McManus 6-2 in the other semi-final. Both Ding and Fu are hoping to become the first Asian player to win the sport's showpiece event. But Fu's chances appear fainter than Ding's after a characteristically dogged effort by Leicester
Scotland have won all five of their Euro 2013 and 2014 World Cup qualifiers. They host Iceland at Falkirk Stadium on Friday knowing victory would all but secure their place. But Evans is desperate not to miss out again after play-off losses for both events. The 24-year-old
Ann Maguire, 61, was killed at Corpus Christi Catholic College in Leeds, in April 2014. Pupil Will Cornick was jailed for a minimum of 20 years after admitting her murder. Her family said due to Cornick's guilty plea the evidence was never fully reviewed.
Wenger has yet to say whether he will sign a new contract to stay beyond this season. Sunday's FA Cup semi-final against Manchester City could be Wenger's last trip to Wembley Stadium. Wenger could field as many as five British players - Aaron Ramsey, Alex Oxlade-Chamber
Nepal wants to discourage climbers who have previous mountaineering experience. Tourism department chief: "Climbing Everest is not a matter of discrimination. How can you climb without legs? Someone will have to carry you up. We want to make the mountains safer for everyone, so we
Michael Luciw, 27, was a passenger in a van that was hit by a Mazda Premacy. The van was being driven the wrong way on the motorway by Albert Kenneth Newman. Age UK said it was "vital" older people could drive for as long as possible.
Brock Turner, 21, was released from Santa Clara County Main Jail in San Jose, California. Former swimmer sexually assaulted a woman outside a Stanford University fraternity house. He was sentenced to three months in jail and three years of supervised probation. Under terms of his release, he will
Storms smashed hole in sea wall alongside the line above the seafront in Dawlish, south Devon. Network Rail is consulting with Devon and Cornwall residents about the plans. £270m allocated for spending on priority areas including around Dawlish between 2019 and 2024.
Maurizio Cattelan's 18-carat gold lavatory has been installed in Guggenheim's bathroom. Visitors will be able to use the lavatory as they wish. The exhibit has also drawn comparisons with Marcel Duchamp's avant-garde
Jon Schueler was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, in 1916. He moved to Mallaig in 1957 and continued to visit and work there. Many of his pieces were influenced by the changing weather on the west coast.
Councillor in the Scottish Borders said she believed people were being short-changed by the rollout of the service. BT has said it has invested heavily in providing services in areas where it was not commercially viable to do so. It has pointed out that there are a wide range of factors at
Wales was around 40th out of 68 in the last Pisa international school test results. Minister for Education Chris Lewis has set a new target score of 500 out of a possible 1,000. Wales also fell behind the rest of the UK with an average score of 468
London-based telecoms provider says it alerted police after carrying out a data security review. Nearly 157,000 of TalkTalk customers' details, including bank account numbers, were stolen in the breach. The unnamed suspects do not work for TalkTalk directly but are instead employed by Wipro.
Officer Justin Martin, 24, and Sgt Anthony Beminio, 38, were shot dead in Urbandale, Iowa. The suspect has been named as 46-year-old man Scott Greene, a suburb of Des Moines. Mr Greene was involved in an incident at a high school
Increase of 60 primary and 200 secondary student teacher places will bring the total intake next year to 3,490. The government said it was the fifth consecutive annual increase. A campaign was launched in September to encourage more people to enter the teaching profession in Scotland.
Lawrie flew out to the United States on Monday with captain Darren Clarke and other members of the European team. The Scot is one of five vice-captains alongside Thomas Bjorn, Sam Torrance, Padraig Harrington and Ian Poulter. Lawrie hopes his two Ryder Cups
Public services union Unison nominates Yvette Cooper as its second choice. It is seen as a blow to Andy Burnham, who had hoped for union backing for his campaign. Labour's new leader will be announced at a special conference on 12 September.
Brandt Snedeker is one clear of fellow American Kevin Kisner on 12 under par. Vijay Singh, 52, is four off the lead after a one-under round of 69. Padraig Harrington and Greg Owen are in a group six off the pace on six under
Johnny Sexton has recovered from a hamstring injury. Jared Payne and Sean O'Brien are fit after concussion. Paul O'Connell set to play his 100th Test match for Ireland. Ireland top the table, two points clear of Wales.
Mike Owen and two senior officers suspended following external review of case. Council leader Rishi Shori said the suspensions would allow the three to "focus on responding" to the case.
Reed Hastings made the announcement at the CES tech show in Las Vegas. He also confirmed Netflix would begin offering high dynamic range content later this year. The company's shares closed the day more than 9% higher.
John Hughes leaves Inverness CT after two-and-a-half years in charge. The 51-year-old had been negotiating a release from his contract with the club. Hughes won the Scottish Cup last season and finished third in the Premiership.
No demos on the streets of Athens - even though the Syriza government is poised to agree and implement yet more austerity and liberalisation measures. And Greece's resorts are teeming: Athens airport expects 25 million arrivals this year, up from 21 million. But why aren't the Greeks manning the barric
Jean McConville, 37, was abducted from her west Belfast home, shot and secretly buried. Her body was found on a beach in County Louth in 2003. Nobody has ever been charged with her murder. Gerry Adams will not be charged with IRA membership either.
Review of 5,000 studies on golf and wellbeing found physical benefits increased with the player's age. Study is part of the Gold and Health Project, which is led by the World Golf Foundation. Project plans to look at golf's links to mental health and muscle strengthening.
The 36-year-old front-rower had played 14 games for the Dragons following his move to Perpignan in February. Mason played 290 NRL games, represented New South Wales in State of Origin and appeared in 24 Tests for the Kangaroos. It was his second Super League
FTSE 100 index of leading blue chip stocks was ahead by 77.95 points, or 1.12%, at 7015.36. Burberry rose 2.81% on speculation that the company could be takeover target for a US private equity firm. Mining shares were hit by a
More than 700,000 private messages between Muslim Match members have been leaked. The breach was discovered by security researcher Troy Hunt who runs a cybersecurity alert website. Bulk of users affected are believed to live in the United Kingdom, United States and Pakistan.
Tareck el-Aissami is Venezuela's new vice-president. Sanctions freeze his assets in the US and bar him from entering the country. He is the highest-ranking Venezuelan official ever to be sanctioned by the US. Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro demands a public
Foreign national was taken to hospital but injuries are not believed to be life threatening. He was wearing dark clothing and was armed with what police have said was a sharp object. Police have said the attacker is in his early 30s, slim build and around 5'11" tall.
Ted Allbeury wrote The Twentieth Day of January during heightened cold war tensions in 1980.
Land and Housing Minister Anna Tibaijuka is a high-profile casualty in a corruption scandal. The scandal has rocked Tanzania's government and energy firms, straining relations with donors. Attorney-General Frederick Werema resigned after MPs accused him of authorising the fraudulent transfer of about $120
Theresa May has survived the first bout of what will be a fight to stay in control. The sense of immediate danger to her leadership has faded, but enemies are still in the room. It's hard to find a single MP who believes she will take the party into the next election.
Fine relates to sale of securities based on home loans. Would be the biggest settlement ever paid by an US company. Last month, JP Morgan was fined almost $1bn in the "London Whale" scandal. Mortgage-backed assets played a central role in the near collapse of
Former double world champion missed Commonwealth Games due to knee injury. She also underwent surgery on a long-standing shoulder problem. Wales cyclist won silver and bronze for Wales at the Commonwealth Games in 2010.
SKT's five members shared a prize of $2m (Â£1.64m) between them. It is the third time in four years that SKT has won the title. The total prize pot for the tournament was $5m with $750,000 going to second place
Sheffield United beat Bury 1-0 at Bramall Lane. Ethan Ebanks-Landell scored from close in. Stefan Scougall hit the bar for the visitors. Jacob Mellis was sent off for a foul on Matt Done.
Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is an anxiety disorder caused by witnessing or being involved in a frightening or distressing event. There is no blood test for PTSD, it relies on the judgement of a doctor speaking to their patient. Some people deliberately "overinflate symptoms
Send your photos of Scotland to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics. Send in your pictures between 6 and 13 January.
Unnamed man charged with "participating in activities of a terrorist group and with [a] terrorist attack" Belgian PM Charles Michel said he would maintain the highest security threat level in Brussels. Authorities plan to reopen schools and the metro on Wednesday. France carried out its first strikes against
Ruta Meilutyte wins bronze in 100m women's breaststroke race. Sebastian Verschuren wins 200m freestyle gold in time of 1:46.02. Guy finishes third in 200m free after missing out on men's 400m final. Scot
Scottish Crofting Federation and NFU Scotland have been calling for increased incentives in a grant scheme available to crofters. Ms McLeod said the Scottish government was prepared to look at offering loans. She said the government would hold further consultation on the Crofter Housing Grant Scheme.
Salford owner Koukash says he could leave Salford at the end of the season. Koukash has owned the Super League team since 2013. He says he can no longer keep bankrolling the club the way he did. Despite his future with the club being in
Inflation drops to 2.6% in June from 2.9% the month before, whereas economists had expected no change. Sterling had been trading above $1.31 at one point before the inflation figures were released. The fall in the pound initially lifted the FTSE 100
How Earth acquired its "volatile elements" such as carbon and sulphur remains a subject of some debate. Collision between Earth and an embryonic planet like Mercury could provide the answer. Carbon is the key ingredient for all life on our planet.
Japan's Nikkei 225 closed 0.3% higher at 17,014.78. Shares in electronics firm Sharp rose 9.4% on new reports it was close to a deal. ASX 200 index finished the day up 0.2% at 5,090.02.
Police in Arkansas wish to unlock an iPhone and iPod belonging to two teenagers accused of killing a couple. Less than a day after its San Bernardino announcement, the FBI agreed to help in the homicide case. A judge agreed to postpone the Arkansas case on 28 March to allow prosecutors to ask the FBI for help
Jamie Stevenson's entry won 48% of the votes. Ayr were forced to find a new crest as their old one broke ancient heraldic law. The new badge will be adopted from 1 July.
Iceland lorry ends up in grounds of St John's Church following crash in Morriston. Spokeswoman for the company said the driver was taken ill at the wheel and taken to hospital. South Wales Police are investigating the cause of the crash.
Talha Asmal, 17, from Dewsbury, would be Britain's youngest known suicide bomber. He would have been almost 19 when he blew himself up on a London bus in 2005. His family said he was a loving, kind, caring and affable teenager.
Michael Forney, Jonathan Boxill, James Desmarais, Matt Nickerson, David Rutherford, Mark Garside and Brandon Benedict are staying at the SSE Arena. Belfast finished fourth in the league standings last season.
Asad Khan, from Bradford, died three weeks after starting at school. His mother forced her way into his locked bedroom on September 28. He died in hospital a short time later.
Damien 'Dee' Fennell made an application to amend his bail conditions. The 34-year-old faces three charges for a speech he gave at an Easter Rising commemoration event last year. He was charged with encouraging acts of terrorism, inviting support for the IRA and addressing a
Wound care is thought to account for around 5% of the NHS's overall budget. In a typical hospital, between 25% and 40% of beds are occupied by patients with a wound. The Welsh Wound Innovation Centre (WWIC) aims to improve treatments.
Two days after another chemical weapons attack, President Donald Trump ordered a missile strike on Syria. The move marks a dramatic turnaround from Mr Trump's prior rhetoric and expectations of how he would conduct his foreign policy. It seems clear that the graphic images of dead and dying Syrian civilians had a dramatic effect
Gers goalkeeper Foderingham is an ambassador for equality group Kick It Out. Kenny was granted bail and banned from attending games after admitting racially abusing Sinclair. The 26-year-old Englishman said it was "difficult when one idiot comes and starts to behave like that"
Dr Howard Kornfeld was unable to make it from California to Minnesota immediately but sent his son. Andrew Kornfield, who works with his father but is not a doctor, arrived at Prince's Paisley Park home, he was told that the singer was missing. He joined members of staff
Edinburgh's historic closes are to be given a makeover by Edinburgh World Heritage. Bakehouse Close and Riddle's Close - once home to philosopher David Hume - among those selected. Fleshmarket Close, famously a setting for Inspector Rebus novel, also made final list.
Belgium's law was passed almost unanimously by the lower house of parliament in April 2010. Offenders face a fine of 137.5 euros (Â£121; $197) and up to seven days in jail. France, home to Europe's biggest Muslim population, enforced its ban
BMW 420 coupe struck woman under a railway bridge in Dewsbury, West Yorkshire. The road was closed for four hours, with a section of a nearby Lidl car park cordoned off. A 21-year-old man has been arrested and remains in police custody
Paul O'Connell has retired from rugby. The 36-year-old helped Munster win two European Cup titles and three Celtic Leagues. O'Connell captained Ireland to successive Six Nations titles in 2014 and 2015. Johan 'Rassie' Erasmus has been
The QC and barrister was MP for Medway from 1997 to 2010. Mr Marshall-Andrews said he had jumped ship in light of the Brexit campaign. He also said Labour's refusal to stand aside in the Richmond Park by-election.
Coca-growing area rose from 96,000 hectares in 2015 to 146,000 in 2016. Analysts say much of it was due to the eradication of coca crops by spraying. But local analysts argue that the rise was caused partly by a hiatus resulting from the government's peace deal
Oliver Burke has signed for RB Leipzig from Nottingham Forest for £13m. The 19-year-old has been tipped to be Scotland's next Gareth Bale-style star winger. Burke is in Gordon Strachan's Scotland squad for opening World Cup qualifier in Malta.
Chiefs scrum-half Chudley has torn a pectoral muscle. Stuart Townsend came on for his first game outside the Anglo-Welsh Cup. Chiefs also have highly-rated teenager Jack Maunder, Niko Matawalu and Haydn Thomas.
Ivory Coast's Cisse won gold in the men's -80kg taekwondo final in Rio. The 23-year-old beat Lutalo Muhammad 8-6 in the final at the Maracana Stadium. Cisse has been gifted a new house and a £
Southern warned passengers to expect "difficult and frustrating" journeys. RMT confirmed it would attend talks with Southern on Friday. Two further strikes have been announced for 10 May and 12 May.
Initial explosion happened shortly after 17:30 (16:30 GMT) on Tuesday. Two more blasts followed, reports said. Almost all of the eight caught up in the blast were members of Egas Sequeira's family.
Uruguay is set to become the first nation in the world to regulate the production, sale and consumption of cannabis. President Jose Mujica says he opposes drug consumption but wants to take the multi-million-dollar cannabis business away from the drug cartels. Under the new law, buyers will have
Princess wore the hat to the wedding of Prince William and Kate Middleton. Proceeds from the auction will go to Unicef and Children in Crisis. The identity of the winning bidder has not yet been revealed.
Hydrocarbons detected inside a leg of the Cormorant Alpha platform. Operator, Taqa Bratani, has removed non-essential workers as a precaution. Shutting down the platform affects the whole Brent pipeline system.
Conrad Clitheroe and Gary Cooper were reportedly taking notes near Fujairah Airport, 80 miles from Dubai, when they were arrested in February. Relatives were told they were held for "national security" reasons. The men insisted they did not take photographs.
American born striker made 37 appearances and scored seven goals during his 12 months at Tynecastle. Johnsen was brought to Hearts by former head coach Robbie Neilson after leaving Bulgarian club Litex Lovech. Neilson's successor Ian Cathro had to deny reports of an argument with the striker
Amy Pope and Sam Paterson are the first recruits to the Holywell monastic community on an estate in Abergavenny. By day they will arrange activities such as bingo for pensioners, and by night they will take to the streets to talk to young people. Father Mark Soady
Phil Neville believes Manchester United are not far away from being title contenders again. Louis van Gaal's first season as United manager is almost over and he will have learned a lot about English football over the last few months. United have produced their best football against the other teams in the top five.
Defence review will identify both IS and Russia as tier 1 threats, but they may not be same threat five years later. SDSR 2010 may have been strategic in name but it'll be remembered for savage cuts that followed. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon admits it involved "painful"
Wales women's team lose 3-0 to Italy to finish fourth at EuroHockey Championships. Wales men's side beaten 2-1 by Russia in semi-final to miss out on top tier. James Carson gave Wales the lead from a penalty corner, but hosts win 2-
Nigel Williams was walking on the A48 when he was hit on Saturday morning. He was taken to Newport's Royal Gwent Hospital, but died shortly after arrival. The father-of-three's family said he would be "sadly missed"
Woodburn has started three of Exeter's four games this season. The 24-year-old is in his second season at Sandy Park after moving from Bath. He was a regular in the Chiefs team which made the play-off final last season.
Champions League draw takes place in Nyon, Switzerland. Premier League champions Leicester drawn in Group G with Porto, Club Brugge and FC Copenhagen. Arsenal drawn alongside Paris St-Germain, Basel and Ludogorets. Tottenham face Monaco, CSKA Moscow
Long queues outside ATMs as people try to exchange 500 ($7) and 1,000 notes. Finance Minister Arun Jaitley said it would take a few weeks for banks to replace old currency. India's government hopes to flush out tax evaders and make money visible.
A selection of photos from across the African continent this week.
Henrik Stenson and Danny Willett are tied for 17th on three under. Rory McIlroy bidding to win European Tour's season finale in Dubai for third time. Lee Westwood is one back after dropping his only shot of the day at the last.
Ms Dugdale said Mr Smith could reunite the party and win a general election. She said: "I believe Owen can unite our party, and move us on from divisions" Mr Smith said he was "incredibly proud" to have been endorsed by Ms Dugdale.
Ashford Borough Council removed all its Kingdom officers from patrolling the streets. One Kingdom trainer was filmed revealing he raked in a bonus of almost £1,000. Maidstone Borough Council also removed its own Kingdom officers while a review was carried out.
The Markit/CIPS purchasing managers' index showed the biggest month-on-month rise in the survey's history. Some analysts think the data indicates the UK might avoid recession later this year. The FTSE 100 eased lower, falling by 15 points to 6,879.
35 officers have been injured over the two nights of rioting. Three officers hurt when a vehicle hit them as they tried to make an arrest in Waltham Forest. Reports of a gang of up to 200 youths looting shops and charging police in Coldharbour Lane and the High Street in
There were about 19,000 diagnoses in Wales in 2015, compared to 17,300 in 2006. Public Health Wales said the main reason for the increase was an ageing population. Breast, prostate, lung and bowel cancers remain the most common. Liver, mouth, throat and melan
England face Russia in their opening Euro 2016 Group B game on Saturday. Roy Hodgson's side have not decided on a formation for the match in Marseille. I would go with a 4-2-3-1 but I think Hodgson will use 4-3 - or possibly a
Sir Christopher Pitchford said he would assess each anonymity request individually. 33 individuals, nine of them former undercover police officers, have already asked for anonymity. Campaigners who say they were wronged during operations dating back decades are calling for maximum disclosure. Scotland Yard, backed by the government,
League One side Keighley Cougars beat amateur side Fryston Warriors 50-32. Match review panel will look at official video on Thursday. Emmerson Whittel may need surgery on his jaw, while Josh Lynam was also bitten on the ear.
Shirley Temple was one of the most popular stars of the 1930s. Starred in movies like Bright Eyes, Stand Up and Cheer and Curly Top. After retiring from films in 1950 at the age of 21, Temple returned to the spotlight as a politician and diplomat.
Abdou has signed a new one-year deal to stay with Lions until end of next season. The 33-year-old made 22 appearances for Millwall last season, helping them win promotion from League One.
Marco Goncalves, 34, assaulted the referee after being sent off last month. Images of the attack went viral, with the referee suffering a broken nose. Goncalves plays for Canelas, a club made up of FC Porto ultras who have been branded "thugs" for
Sir Andrew is one of four of this year's British Proms conductors celebrating significant birthdays. Sir Neville Marriner is 90, while Sir Roger Norrington is 80 and Donald Runnicles turns 60 in November. He first conducted at the Albert Hall in 1971 and regularly since.
The 34-year-old, who had recently given birth, was found dead at her home in Luton. A man arrested in connection with the deaths has been released on bail.
HM Inspectorate of Constabulary says public protection unit showed 'disregard for victims' South Yorkshire Police spent 'great deal of time' trying to 'disprove' allegations. New investigation could put pressure on police and crime commissioner Shaun Wright. David Cameron and Nick Clegg have
Dean Whitestone awarded Gillingham a penalty in first-half stoppage time. Ryan Inniss was then sent off for two bookable offences. Southend defender Adam Barrett has announced his retirement at the age of 37. Barrett played 354 games in two spells with the Sh
Burnfoot Community School in Hawick is one of two primary schools in the region benefiting from the Scottish Attainment Challenge programme. Latest allocation of Â£2.8m is being distributed to 46 primaries across 12 local authorities. Scottish government said it intended to invest in the Attainment
The pilgrims were returning from the Hindu shrine of Sabarimala in a remote, mountainous, densely-forested area. Kerala Governor R S Gavai has said he is "deeply shocked and saddened" The stampede happened at Pulmedu, near the town of Vand
Assou-Ekotto has been without a club since leaving Tottenham Hotspur. The 31-year-old spent the previous season on loan at Queens Park Rangers. He has not played for Cameroon since the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
President Bashir has vowed to repair ties with the West, tackle corruption and bring peace to Sudan. He seized power in an Islamist-backed coup in 1989. The most surprising decision is the removal of Abdel Rahim Hussein as defence minister. But simply replacing ministers and governors will not bring change
President Jacob Zuma says he will pay back money spent on upgrades to his Nkandla residence. The refurbishment of the residence has turned into a major political controversy in South Africa. Some of the money was spent on building an amphitheatre, swimming pool, and cattle enclosure.
Christopher Huxtable, 34, from Swansea, had been missing since February. His body was found on Wednesday and workers formed a guard of honour. Ken Cresswell, 57, and John Shaw, 61, both from Rotherham, remain missing.
Christopher Clarke, 29, contacted girls, aged 15 and 16, via Facebook, Snapchat and Twitter. He bought them gifts including T-shirts, earrings, sweets and games consoles. Education Workforce Council hearing concluded his actions amounted to professional misconduct. Police investigated but no charges were brought against
Lassie arrived back in Scotland on 23 March, six days after her mate. Viewers from around the world have been watching the pair's progress on the Loch of the Lowes live webcam.
A tyre had been put against the front door of the house and set alight. A man, a woman and two boys inside the property were not injured.
CQC previously rated Penberthy home in Newquay as inadequate. New reports highlight problems at three other homes run by Cornwall Care. Headlands in Carbis Bay, Trevern in Falmouth and Blackwood in Camborne.
As a candidate, Mr Trump derided climate change as a hoax concocted by China. He also derided the regulations of Paris as stifling to American growth. But after three months of prevarications, he came down decisively on the side near the exits. Quitting the Paris deal
Marine officers are searching a section of the River Stour in West Parley, Dorset. Guy Hedger, 61, died in the early hours of 30 April after intruders broke into his home. Three men appeared in court in May accused of Mr Hedger's murder.
Vincent Harvey, 33, was pronounced dead at the scene in Wood Green, London. No arrests have been made and police have appealed for witnesses. Det Ch Insp Noel McHugh said there was a large number of people in and around pub.
High Court dismisses winding-up petition against Welsh Rugby Union. An undisclosed amount of money owed to Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs has been paid. The Championship side have struggled to pay players' wages since avoiding liquidation in April. Welsh are one of England's oldest clubs,
Darren Turk, 53, of Etchingham, is charged with 14 offences between 1996 and 2002. He was a member of the care staff and later head of care at Frewen College in Northiam. The charges did not involve any staff or pupils currently at the school, police
Seminars will be run by the Association of School and College Leaders (ASCL) New legislation places a statutory duty on schools and colleges to counter radicalisation. The aim is to maintain an atmosphere of equality and diversity in schools. Seminars in Bristol, Birmingham, Cambridge, London
UK looking at ways of exerting pressure on North Korea, including from China. May hails Aston Martin's decision to invest Â£500m in Japan as sign of strength of partnership. Japan is preoccupied with North Korea's missile test over its northern Hokkaido island.
Inverness-born Gillan's big break came when she was cast as Doctor Who companion Amy Pond. Guardians of the Galaxy forms part of Marvel's so-called "Phase 2" project. Last July, Gillan unveiled part of her look for the film at Comic-Con International.
Jose Mourinho wants to strengthen his squad for next season. United have been linked with Atletico Madrid striker Antoine Griezmann and Burnley centre-back Michael Keane. Mourinho says executive vice-chairman Ed Woodward has been on his transfer list for two months. The
Crossing in Rochdale, Greater Manchester, was concreted over in 1904. It re-opened to pedestrians after a Â£5m project, which exposed a section of river. Council said the re-exposed section of the river would help prevent flooding.
Met Office: London hotter than Rome and Athens as temperatures rise above 40C. Level 3 "heatwave action" alert has been declared for all parts of England. Forecasters warn of thunderstorms, torrential downpours and hail stones up to 1cm in size in Scotland.
Murder-suicides involving pilots or in gun massacres are much, much rarer. There is no common theme and the perpetrators don't leave notes explaining their actions. Psychiatrists say it is unlikely we will ever know what motivated Lubitz. Mental health charities are queuing
Ulster stay fourth in the Pro12 table after beating Dragons. Rynard Landman and Ollie Griffiths scored tries for the Welsh region. Craig Gilroy and Jared Payne crossed for Ulster. Rodney Ah You was shown a red card for an illegal shoulder charge.
Nickel spike in sediments above Chicxulub Crater could lead to discovery of asteroid material. Asteroid would have vaporised in impact but some of it condensed into small spherules in sky. Team hopes to find iridium, a rare element associated with meteorites,
Farage visited an e-cigarette firm and attended a rally of 400 people in Swansea. Swansea East Labour AM Mike Hedges said many industries were 'highly dependent' on EU. He said it would be a 'giant leap in the dark' for the UK to leave the
Aneurin Donald and Dai Lloyd both make maiden centuries for Glamorgan. Donald, 19, is the second youngest player to reach three figures for the club. Lloyd's previous best was 92 at Northampton in 2015. Day one of the three-day match was washed
The man was last seen alive at 20:45 BST on Tuesday 9 June in St Stephen's subway. Two people saw the man, 29, in the early hours of Wednesday before he was found dead. A post-mortem examination revealed he died from injuries to the spleen and the death
The Kanneh-Mason family are very special - they all play an instrument to a very high level. Ayshah has been to meet them.
Tove Anna LinnÃ©a Ã–stman Styrke was born and raised in Umea, near the Arctic Circle. Her father was a musician, whose band Max Fenders scored a number one hit in 1975. At the age of 16, she entered the TV
Chiltern Edge School in Sonning Common had been rated inadequate by Ofsted. Oxfordshire County Council said it will begin consulting on Friday over whether the school should shut. The school educates children between 11 and 16 years old.
MI6, MI5 and GCHQ advertised on Mumsnet website for the first time this year. Government says it and the agencies "agree wholeheartedly" with the need for "diversity" in agency staff. Women only make up 19% of senior civil servants in the agencies.
Hatfield Colliery closed in June with the loss of 430 jobs after almost a century of production. Chairman of Hatfield Employee Benefit Trust said it was "the end of an era" Doncaster Mayor Ros Jones said she was 'humbled' to accept the gift.
Shrewsbury have signed Ebou Adams on loan from Norwich City until January. Jules Jules has also joined the League One club on loan until the end of the season. The 20-year-old did not play a first-team game for the Royals last season.
The planned deal was worth £10.3bn, and would have left the UK with just three major operators. European competition commissioner Margrethe Vestager said she had strong concerns about the takeover. CK Hutchison said it was considering a legal challenge to the decision. O2
Sudan's government likes to keep a tight rein over Sudan's media and cultural institutions. Intimate gatherings and online forums have sprung like roses from the concrete. Once used to provoke national feeling, poetry is now used by contemporary Sudanese poets to wrestle with a conflicted national identity.
Paul Green and Ryan McLaughlin score first goals for the Latics. Oldham move to within three points of safety after back-to-back home victories. Latics give free admission to all fans in bid to arrest their decline in attendances.
Brazil's Attorney-General has asked the Supreme Court to open an investigation into Lula's alleged involvement in the Petrobras scandal. Lula, who governed from 2003 to 2011, has denied the allegations. Prosecutors alleged that Lula had received "illicit benefits", such as having one of the
The Sun goes through cycles of high and low activity that repeat approximately every 11 years. It is currently gaining in activity and is expected to peak in 2013 or 2014. This means we can expect more solar flares and coronal mass ejections over the next few years.
Geoff Parling has signed for Bath from Leicester Tigers. The 31-year-old has won 21 international caps for England and Wales. Parling played all three Tests for the British & Irish Lions in 2013. Olly Woodburn, 23, has made his Bath debut four years ago.
Miners more than doubled earlier losses to leave Antofagasta down more than 6%. Vodafone fell about 5% after it agreed a deal to merge its New Zealand operations with Sky. Flybe shares ended 5.5% lower, despite returning to profit.
CharityBuzz auctioning lunch with Apple boss for $100,000. Winner will get one-hour meeting with Apple CEO at Apple HQ. Second prize on Twitter will give winner a VIP seat at an upcoming Apple event. Last year's winning bid for lunch with Ben Bernanke was
Monchengladbach's Kamil Zayatte says his international career is over. Guinea coach Luis Fernandez has named Traore in a 23-man squad for the 6 September fixture. Trabzonspor's Kevin Constante and Spain-based Alhassane Bangou
Cape Verde missed out on qualifying on goals scored after only finding the net once in three matches, with a penalty, compared to DR Congo's two strikes. Zambia's Evans Kangwa missed a great chance late on while Antonio Varela earlier headed over at the other end.
Castell Henllys Iron Age Village, near Crymych, is owned and run by the Pembrokeshire Coast National Park Authority. An open afternoon for those interested was held on Saturday afternoon.
4,400 people killed themselves in England in 2009. Samaritans says councils should have a mandatory responsibility to try to prevent suicides in their areas. Jobcentres, banks, building societies and utility companies could be trained to spot and counsel vulnerable people.
Susie Wolff was development driver for Williams this season. The Scot's position will be expanded in 2015 to include two runs in practice and two tests. Wolff impressed in a free practice session at the German Grand Prix this year. Williams finished third in the constructors' championship
Lucas has had two previous spells with Bristol Rovers. The 20-year-old has scored three goals in 10 appearances this season. He has yet to start a game for the League Two club.
The White Garden at Kensington Palace was planted to mark 20th anniversary of Diana's death. The Duchess of Cambridge joined the princes on a garden tour of the palace. They met representatives from the causes and charities supported by Diana. Members of the public have been leaving tributes and flowers
Five suspected jihadists shot dead by police in Cambrils, 75 miles south of Barcelona. Spanish Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy called it a "jihadist attack". In June 2015, Spain raised its terror alert level to four - one short of the maximum, level five. Since
Highways England say the Â£6m layout changes on the Posthouse roundabout proved more difficult than anticipated. Work began last summer and was expected to finish by March. MP Ian Lucas said the route was vital to the region's economy.
Dutch top seed Michael van Gerwen beat Darren Webster 4-1. Scottish third seed Peter Wright beat England's Ian White by the same score. James Wade twice fought back from two-set deficits to beat fellow Englishman Michael Smith 4-3. England's Dave Chisn
UK Personal Genome Project could transform the understanding of disease. Participants will get an analysis of their DNA, but so will the rest of the world. They are warned there could be unknown consequences for them and relatives.
Brighton midfielder Chris Crofts named in Wales squad for upcoming friendlies. The 31-year-old has not played for Wales since September 2013. Crofts has played 18 times for the Seagulls so far this season. He has returned to Gillingham on loan until
England recover from 56-3 to win warm-up match against South Africa. Ben Stokes hits 158 from 131 balls and James Taylor 114 from 114 balls. Alastair Cook and Alex Hales both out for just two runs each. Nick Compton hits 58 as England recover from a
Training aircraft forced to land on Yr Aran in Snowdonia on 9 August. Five people - four military and one civilian - escaped unhurt. Black smoke could be seen billowing from the peak for miles around. A Chinook helicopter from RAF Odiham in Hampshire was sent
Local authority spending will be cut by £350m, which equates to a 2% reduction. Scottish first minister Nicola Sturgeon has called on councils to "do the right thing" and accept the funding deal. Local authorities have carried out a deal with the Scottish government whereby council tax bills have
Tens of thousands of animals, mostly lambs, were auctioned at Lairg. The sheep were transported to a livestock mart from all over Scotland. United Auctions' Donald Morrison said it "looked promising" for good prices.
The Alpha Magnetic Spectrometer (AMS) instrument is one of the most expensive science experiments ever put in space. It has taken a group of 600 or so researchers from 16 nations a total of 17 years to prepare it for flight. AMS will study the storm of high-energy particles (
Dr Imran Farooq was stabbed to death near his home in Edgware, north London in 2010. Khalid Shamim and Mohsin Ali were detained near the Pakistan-Afghanistan border in Balochistan province. The MQM party denies any association with the suspects or
Families were blocked from visiting the Chorley Pals Memorial Site at Serre-les-Puisieux. Visitors must use an unmade public right of way that crosses land owned by a farmer. The BBC tried to contact Jean Louis Legrand but could not
Main focus in Central European media is on the impact of the referendum on benefits for migrant workers in Britain. Germany's n-tv news channel says Boris Johnson's intervention is a "serious setback" for the prime minister. Olivier Bories dubs Mr Johnson the "man of the
Michael Allen's try helped a sluggish Ulster into a 10-0 lead at the break. But the hosts sparkled in the final 20 minutes as they scored five tries. A penalty try was rewarded for constant pressure and Stuart McCloskey went over before Ireland wing Craig Gilroy sprinted in
Lawro has been pitting his wits against a different guest each week this season. His opponent for the final round of fixtures is drummer Ben Thatcher from rock band Royal Blood. The Seagulls held their promotion parade last week after returning to the top flight for the first time since
Anna Jacobs said she was initially excited to be invited for the interview. But then she saw the "absolutely awful summary" and was left "furious" The company said it was investigating thoroughly but added the comments had been taken out of context.
Broadbent plays his role with an undercurrent of his well-known affability. He said his Scrooge had been partly inspired by modern bankers and the issue of pay-day loans. Critics were largely won over by Broadbent's take on one of the meanest men in literature
There are thought to have been as many as 200m downloads of period tracking apps worldwide. But leading UK medical royal college has warned that women should not rely on them as a form of contraception. Privacy campaigners say users should be wary of what data they might unwittingly be sharing.
Aimee Pistorius says truth has been "twisted and manipulated" and "sensationalised" She says she feels "heartache for both my brother, our family and Reeva's family" Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide after shooting dead girlfriend Reeva Ste
England international Chase, 29, had been suspended pending an internal disciplinary investigation, but will now be given a free transfer. Captain Hansen, also released while Salford owner Marwan Koukash says Paterson, 28, is moving to Leigh. Half-back Fages had resigned from the
Manchester United are six points adrift of the Premier League top four. Saturday's 2-1 defeat at Sunderland means Louis van Gaal's side remain in sixth place. United play the first leg of their Europa League last-32 tie against FC Midtjylland on Thursday.
Oscar-winning actress is backing a project to rebuild Nower Wood in Leatherhead. The ancient woodland serves as a wildlife and environmental education site. A fundraising drive aims to raise Â£470,000 to rebuild dilapidated classrooms.
It's the fifth coin portrait to have been created during the Queen's reign. Coins carrying the new design will also begin being made from today.
Health spokesman Andy Burnham said coalition had created queues outside practices. Tory Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said Labour's numbers were wrong and that out-of-hours cover was being extended. Lib Dems said Labour figures obtained through a parliamentary question were out of date.
Rickie Fowler misses out on automatic Ryder Cup spot. Overnight leader cards three-over round of 74 to finish joint seventh. Fowler needed to finish third and will now hope to be a wildcard pick. Europe have won the competition three times in a row.
Officers fired tyre-deflation rounds at raiders' Mercedes after they tried to ram a police car. Two further rounds were discharged at another car which was mistakenly thought to be involved. The Police Investigations and Review Commissioner said the response was "wholly justified" No members of the public were
In 2014, 27 motorcyclists were killed and the number of serious injuries rose from 507 to 514. London Assembly's Transport Committee said the figure for deaths was "unacceptably high" TfL said more police have been deployed in accident hotspots and it is focusing on
McNair played in the competition two years in succession. The 20-year-old has featured regularly for the Red Devils this season. United are back at the Milk Cup this year, competing in the Premier Section. Zacatepec from Mexico and Club America from the U.S
Wrexham Maelor Hospital staff were under "considerable pressure" for long periods. Ambulances waited outside the A&E unit and another ward. Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said it was working to manage the pressures.
Nigeria defender Omeruo signs for Turkish side Kasimpasa. The 21-year-old spent last season on loan at Middlesbrough. Omeruo says he wants to fight for his place at Chelsea this season. He says he is "completely focused on breaking into
Esteban Ruiz Santiago is accused of murdering five people at the Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International airport on Friday. During a 15-minute court appearance on Monday he was told by the judge that he may face the death penalty. He spoke very little during the hearing and confirmed to the judge
John Denham, 49, has pleaded guilty to child pornography offences and conspiracy to engage in sexual activity in the presence of a child. He and Matthew Stansfield, 34, deny conspiracy to rape a child and sexual assault. Mr Denham said he did not believe the intended victim existed
The Ross Sea will gain protection from commercial fishing for 35 years. Environmentalists have welcomed the move to protect what's said to be the Earth's most pristine marine ecosystem. The region is important to the rest of the planet as the upwelling of nutrients from the deep waters are carried on
The Hindu festival of light attracted a record attendance of 37,000 in Leicester. The festival, also marked by Jains and Sikhs, celebrates the victory of good over evil. At the centre of Leicester's celebrations was a 110ft (34m) ferris wheel, known as the
Jackie Collins's raunchy novels of the rich and famous sold more than 500 million copies. She was diagnosed with stage-four breast cancer six-and-a-half years ago. All 32 of her novels appeared in the New York Times bestseller list. Her sister Joan
Chisako Kakehi was arrested in 2014 and went on trial in Kyoto late last month. Her lawyers have pleaded not guilty on her behalf, and when her trial began she said only that she would "leave everything" to her defence team. But in court, asked if she killed
Sturgeon, named Steve, swam out of World of Water in Romsey, Hampshire in February. Staff at a car wash a mile from the shop have now found him in a puddle. A larger koi carp fish named Chadwick escaped at the same time but has not
Simmons was suspended in September for questioning the continued omissions of Dwayne Bravo and Kieron Pollard. He issued a public apology to the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB) "I am looking forward to putting this behind me," he said.
Steven Johnson, 40, had been wanted since January 2014 after breaching parole terms. Police believe he went to Spain, where he posted Facebook and Twitter messages challenging officers to find him. He was arrested in Whiston, Merseyside, on Thursday and returned to jail.
Steve and Ola were in the bottom two on Strictly at the weekend and then lost the dance off so have now left this year's competition. Ola has now said that she knows people will believe how it was reported by the Daily Mail even if it wasn't true.
The Point stars Caerphilly-born TV presenter and actor Matt Johnson. He plays the younger brother of a man convinced he does not want to live anymore. The film will be shot in the Brecon Beacons, near the home of its scriptwriter Jasper Warry.
Sturrock has nearly an entire team of injured players with 10 of his first-team squad doubtful for Saturday's League Two game against Wimbledon. Winger Jack Compton has also been ruled out for four weeks leaving Sturrock little choice but to ask some of his squad to play.
SpaceX boss Elon Musk says rocket explosion was the most complicated failure in firm's history. He said that the engines weren't on and there was "no apparent heat source" The rocket's payload, a satellite on which Facebook had leased capacity, was destroyed. Facebook had been due to
Woman, in her 50s, fell from cliff at Peveril Point, near Swanage, Dorset. She was airlifted by the coastguard helicopter to King George's Field park. The woman, who is from the Swanage area, was taken to Southampton General Hospital.
Basil Khan and Omar Mohidin were 16 when they were racially abused by officers in 2007. High Court ruled the men were hit and racially abused and awarded damages. Sergeant and a constable involved were acquitted along with four colleagues in 2009.
First Lady Grace Mugabe is accused of assaulting model Gabriella Engels. She was due to attend a heads of state summit in Pretoria on Saturday but did not show up. Zimbabwe's ZBC state broadcaster says she arrived back in Harare early on Sunday morning. Ms Engels
Russian court jails three of six dancers for their "erotic and sexual twerk dance" Court in Novorossiysk gave two of the dancers 10 days in jail each, a third 15 days and two others received fines. Earlier this month, Russian officials closed a dance school after
Webster, 21, made 81 appearances for Pompey, having made his debut in 2012. Clarke, 19, spent last season on loan at Fratton Park and has now agreed a three-year deal. The fee is a record for a player under Town boss Mick McCarthy.
Current TV deals saw Premier League clubs generate £3.3bn record revenues in 2014-15. Top flight clubs recorded a second straight year of pre-tax profits for the first time since 1999. From 2016-17 clubs will receive even more cash from broadcasters, with Sky and BT Sport
Archibald was responding to comments by his former player Ziggy Gordon that he has learned more in a few months in Poland than in his years in Scotland. Jose Mourinho, Costinha, Andre Villas-Boas, Brendan Rodgers, Pedro Caixinha and Alan Shearer are among
Peake won silver at the 2014 Commonwealth Games in Glasgow. The 30-year-old aims to break the Welsh record, which she currently holds. British Athletics has set 4.50m as the qualification standard.
Pakistan's civil and military elites are so divided and dysfunctional, writes Fawaz Gerges. Politicians have a number of reasons for leaving the fight against the Pakistan Taliban to the army. Many officers view Pakistani ministers and parliamentarians as corrupt and depraved, Gerges says.
Old Mutual said its current structure was "too costly" and inefficient. Changes to the regulatory environment in Europe and South Africa had also made the business more complex to run. Came as the firm reported a 4% rise in annual pre-tax adjusted operating profit to Â£1.7bn
The 23-year-old mutually cancelled his deal at the Shrimps earlier this month. Barkhuizen can train at the Championship side ahead of the move. Morecambe boss Jim Bentley had spoken about selling a player to raise funds for the Lancashire side.
Latest wave of alerts includes the industrial port Tianjin. Red alerts trigger advisories for people to stay inside, schools to stop classes. Beijing saw its second red alert over the weekend. China has seen extremely high levels of air pollution in recent years.
Gasht-e Ershad are currently the main agency tasked with enforcing Iran's Islamic code of conduct in public. They are empowered to admonish suspects, impose fines or arrest members of the public, but will soon no longer be able to do so. Instead, 7,000
David Fifita's second-minute try, a Ben Jones-Bishop score and three Liam Finn kicks put Wakefield 14-0 up early on. Jermaine McGillvary's two tries were consolations for the struggling hosts. Wakefield have not appeared in a Challenge Cup
Police were called to the unusual double parking incident at 11:40 on Tuesday. It is not clear how the silver-coloured Mazda ended up on top of the white Volkswagen Golf. A sign later placed next to one of the vehicles reads: "Parking out of marked bays is
Andy Serkis wins best actor for his performance in Dawn of the Planet of the Apes. Ralph Fiennes is presented with a "legend" award by his Schindler's List co-star Liam Neeson. Paddington wins best comedy, while Kingsman: The
High price of oil in recent years has led to increased investment in oil exploration and production. Techniques like "swept" and "LoSal" are being developed to dislodge hydrocarbons from oil reservoirs. BP plans to begin production at Clair Ridge in the North Sea in 2018,
Asda Living store will turn off escalators, screens and music for an hour on Saturday 7 May. General manager Simon Lea came up with the idea after watching an autistic child and his mother struggle on the shop floor. "When we open the doors you will be able to hear a
Beirut animal charity Beta is struggling to house 500 dogs and over 150 cats. For the past two years, traditional supporters - mainly from the US and Canada - have stopped sending money. Unregulated dog-selling - a fast-buck business - has led to a growth in breeding farms
Computer program, inspired by the human brain, learned how to play 49 classic Atari games. In 29 of them, it was comparable to or better than a human games tester. This is the first time a system has learned to master a wide range of complex tasks.
Dr Xia has passed the Premier League and Football League's fit and proper person test. He succeeds American Randy Lerner, who bought Villa for £62.6m in 2006. Dr Xia spent six years at Harvard and Massachusetts Institute of Technology.
Gen Christophe Gomart told a parliamentary commission in May that a "partner agency" warned of the plot by a Brazilian Islamist militant. Brazil's institutional security cabinet said it had received no information about the threat from the French authorities. About 85,000 security force members including 47,
Swanson has scored 14 goals in 48 appearances since joining St Johnstone. The 30-year-old midfielder moved to McDiarmid Park for a second spell in February 2016. Swanson: "The pull of Hibernian was too much for me," says Swanson.
July was a record month, with more than 100,000 reaching the EU's borders. It is proving difficult to get agreement on joint action, as migration pressure varies from country to country. The EU core principle of free movement - embodied in the passport-free Schengen area - is
Mazda said the Skyactiv-X would be the world's first commercial petrol engine to use compression ignition. It said the new engine was up to 30% more fuel-efficient than its current engines. The move comes as the car industry pours massive investment into electric technology.
Charlton fan Daniel Boylett, 36, found guilty of attempted damage and violent disorder. Boylett was released on bail to be sentenced on 28 April. Crystal Palace adopted Kayla the Eagle as a mascot in 2010. Court heard handler Chris Belsey was walking around Selhurst Park with
General Rios Montt was found guilty of genocide and war crimes two years ago. He was sentenced to 80 years in prison. Medical examiner's report has now declared him mentally incompetent.
Royal Stoke University Hospital has been designated as a Pokemon Go 'gym' Spokesman said it was 'unconcerned' as long as people played the game where it was safe. Hospital warned it would get the "gym" removed if fans misused the A&E
Flood has been capped 60 times by England. The 31-year-old Falcons academy graduate won three Premiership titles with Leicester. Newcastle have now made 10 signings for the 2017-18 season.
Nadia, 23, is one of the UK's rising stars in hip-hop and grime. She was studying for a degree while working 12-hour shifts in a betting shop to make ends meet. Her breakthrough video, Station, was shot, without permission, at a railway station
James Vaughan broke the deadlock on 61 minutes before doubling the Shakers' lead six minutes later. Bury's Niall Maher was dismissed for giving away a penalty, which Shaun Williams converted. Callum Butcher then headed an 86th-minute equaliser before substitute Aiden O'Brien
Images of the capsule landing in Inner Mongolia at 10:05 local time (02:05 GMT) The astronauts, including China's first woman in space, carried out a successful manual docking with the Tiangong-1 laboratory module. The mission is a key step towards China's goal of building a
Glen Johnson said he was stepping down from Cadwgan Building Preservation Trust. He said some had taken exception to the way the castle project was being run. The trust, made up of 250 people, secured revamp funds with more than £6m from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Suspect is described as a member of the extremist Reichsbuerger movement. The group does not recognise the authority of the post-war German federal republic. It believes in the continued existence of a German empire, or Reich, dating back to 1937.
Jones says he wants England to be 'brutal' but legal in their clash with Ireland. Ireland fly-half Sexton has suffered several concussions in the past year. The 30-year-old was forced off in the 69th minute of Ireland's defeat by France.
Edinburgh-based group said profit increased by 22.6% to £31.5m, while revenues were down 6.8%. Shareholders overwhelmingly backed a deal to buy the i newspaper from ESI Media for £24m. In January the group revealed plans to cut editorial
Perry Beeches III is one of a chain of six free schools opened by David Cameron. Mr Cameron described the schools as "a real success story" But Ofsted report said too many students were underachieving. Chief executive Liam Nolan said he "fundamentally disagreed" with the
Iraq War Families Campaign Group aims to bring to justice those responsible for the war and the deaths of our loved ones. The group initially aimed to reach £50,000 via crowdfunding, but extended its target after raising that figure in nine hours on the CrowdJustice website. It has now received enough
Ma becomes only the fifth man to have won singles titles at the World Championships, World Cup and Olympics. China have claimed nine of the last 12 Olympic men's singles medals. Jun Mizutani beat Belarusian Vladimir Samsonov in the bronze medal match.
Turia Pitt received burns to 65% of her body after a bushfire in 2011. She spent 864 days in hospital and underwent 200 operations to treat her injuries. Ms Pitt completed a 3.8km swim, 180km bike ride and 42km run in a time of 14:
Nearly half of Dutch firm's business is focused on healthcare. It's selling its home entertainment division and betting on new opportunities in Asia.
James Webb is the successor to Hubble, due to launch in 2018. Mid-Infrared Instrument (Miri) will gather key data as the observatory seeks to identify the first starlight in the Universe. Miri has just gone through a rigorous mechanical and thermal test campaign at the Rutherford
Morocco controls two-thirds of Western Sahara and sees it as part of its historic territory. Some, including the UN, see Western Sahara as Africa's last colony. A referendum was promised in 1991 but never carried out due to wrangling. Thousands of Sahrawi refugees still live in
Heard, 30, filed for divorce in Los Angeles Superior Court citing irreconcilable differences. The couple married 15 months ago and have no children. They have been embroiled in a legal case in Australia after Heard took two dogs into the country illegally.
Nigeria failed to qualify for the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. The Super Eagles will sit out the finals in Gabon as they did in Equatorial Guinea last year. Former international Segun Odegbami says the failure is 'inexcusable' Odegbami
In previous years crime figures have seen a significant rise during the annual celebration. Good weather on Saturday meant a larger number of spectators than usual turned out to the event. Other than a "few minor incidents" it had passed peacefully.
SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon said 1.7 million people had taken part in the survey. She said she hoped the "national survey" would involve two million people across the country. The SNP's 120,000 members were encouraged to "hit the doorsteps" to ask people to take part
Orla Galton, from Blackmill, Bridgend county, was diagnosed with leukaemia at three. Her mother, Sharon, said blood transfusions helped save her life. The Welsh Blood Service wants 200,000 more donors to replenish stocks.
Smack the Pony star claims stories about "brutalised women" have become 'entertainment fodder' BBC Radio 4's Seriously... podcast features interview with actress who regrets playing rape victim. Mackichan says recording the interview left her and 'Sophie' in '
Lagmar Barking owned the Vicarage Field shopping centre in Barking. It has been bought by Benson Elliot, a UK-based private equity property fund manager. US investment fund Cerberus bought the loan secured on the centre in 2014.
Proposal would have made it illegal to share information that could "destroy, alter or subvert state institutions" Anyone criticising the government on social networking sites such as Facebook could have faced up to 12 years in prison. Law also wanted to ban the online sharing of videos, pictures or recordings
Hungary was part of the Ottoman and Habsburg empires from the 16th century onwards. After World War I, it became an independent kingdom under the authoritarian regency of Admiral Miklos Horthy. Following World War II, it fell under communist rule but was the first Eastern European country
Victim was queuing for food at the branch in St George's Street, Canterbury. Three men entered the restaurant and began being noisy and bumping into people. It is believed one of the group then set light to the woman's hair. Officers have released CCTV images of three men they are
President Museveni says homosexuals are "abnormal" and could be "rescued" Bill provides for life imprisonment for homosexual acts and makes it a crime not to report gay people. Promotion of homosexuality - even talking about it without condemning the lifestyle - would also be punishable.
Action movie features white actors Geoffrey Rush, Gerard Butler and Rufus Sewell. Bette Midler tweeted: "Movie, #GodsOfEgypt in which everyone is white? Egyptians, in history and today, have NEVER been white" Director Alex Proyas and studio, Lions
Wales face Belgium in their next World Cup quarter-final on Friday. Belgium are ranked second in the world, while Chris Coleman's side are second in Group H. Dean Saunders and John Hartson give their verdict on how Wales can beat the Belgians.
Malorie Bantala, 21, was 32-weeks pregnant when she was assaulted by two people in Peckham on 15 June. Kevin Wilson, 20, was charged in June with child destruction and causing grievous bodily harm with intent. He denies the charge and will face a trial in November
Emma Watson will play Mrs Potts, the housekeeper transformed into a teapot. Fellow Oscar-winner Kevin Kline will play Maurice, the father of 'Beauty' character Belle. The film will be released in US cinemas on 17 March 2017.
Glenavon host Glentoran and Portadown travel to Ballinamallard United. Carrick Rangers play Amateur League side Crumlin Star in a rearranged Irish Cup sixth round tie at Seaview. The winners will have home advantage against Crusaders in the quarter-
Phil Smith said businesses would not be able to survive without superfast internet. Welsh government insists Wales is leading the way with broadband. Superfast Cymru scheme will give people access to fibre broadband.
Claire Martin suffered multiple stab wounds to her neck and died in March 2012. A murder investigation was launched, but 15 months later the Italian authority closed the case. Ashfield MP Gloria De Piero said there are "anomalies to explore"
Industrial output fell 0.7% compared with January, when it dropped 0.3%. Unexpectedly warm weather drove the change, because it led to a fall in electricity and gas demand. Construction output fell by 1.7%, down from a revised January reading of zero growth
Courses to help young people get into work are held at the Spectrum Centre in Belfast. 18-year-old Donna Rennie said she would "love to get a job" William Glass has been in and out of jobs for the past two years since leaving school at 16.
Grimes joined Swansea from Exeter City for £1.75m in January 2015. The 20-year-old has made seven appearances for the Swans. Grimes made his first Premier League start for Swansea in September.
Michael Tovey, 27, faces 13 counts of conveying banned items into a prison. Accused of using two drones to fly contraband into HMP Birmingham last year. He is set to appear at Birmingham Magistrates' Court on 7 June.
Met Office issues severe weather warning as Hurricane Gonzalo reaches Britain. Coastal areas and north-western parts of Wales expected to see the worst of the weather. Gusts exceeding 55mph are likely inland, with 60 to 70mph gusts in coastal areas. Irish Ferries
Sea of Poppies author is writer-in-residence at Rashtrapati Bhawan. He has been posting regular tweets and pictures of the President's residence. His latest book is on climate change.
North Yorkshire County Council said improved defences should be a 'priority' The Environment Agency said it was preparing a funding bid for improved defences. Report praises the Tadcaster Flood Action Group for its work in improving flood awareness.
Ipswich have signed 24-year-old striker Jordan Moore on an 18-month deal. Spence has signed to the end of the season having been without a club since leaving MK Dons. Both players are unavailable for Ipswich's FA Cup third-round replay at Lincoln as
Tom Kohler-Cadmore (102) and Ed Barnard (59) helped Glamorgan reach 403 all out. Worcestershire claimed three wickets for 34 runs to reduce them to 108-3. Colin Ingram (41 not out) and Aneurin
Iceland beat the Netherlands 2-0 in Reykjavik. Gylfi Sigurdsson scored both goals for the hosts. Croatia thrashed Azerbaijan 6-0. Omer Damari scored a hat-trick as Israel beat Andorra 4-1.
Kevin McKee and Seamus Wright were both IRA members who were abducted and murdered by the organisation in 1972. Their remains were found in a single grave in Coghalstown, County Meath, in the Republic of Ireland in June. The Disappeared are victims murdered and secretly buried by republicans
Bridgefoot centre has been upgraded for the first time in more than three decades. It includes a new 33m pool, a shallow training pool, sauna and steam room. The sports hall has been revamped and a £250,000 climbing wall has been built.
The old Victoria Ground, next to the A500, shut in 1997 when the club moved to the Britannia Stadium. Plans for the 16-acre site include 130 homes being built initially, followed by a further 70. A plan to build offices there was shelved in 2004 and in 2007 St
Macy's said like-for-like sales fell 4.6% in the first quarter compared with the same period last year. The decline sent shares in Macy's, which also owns Bloomingdales, down 17% on Thursday. Some analysts said the decline in department store sales point
Researchers used TV signals to track planes using special receivers. They were able to track up to 30 planes simultaneously flying at altitudes of up to 10,000ft (3km) Using TV signals instead of radar could save money and free up valuable radio spectrum for other uses. More work
18 forces are the subject of complaints about the handling of abuse cases. Allegations span 17 English police forces and one in Wales. 27 completed inquiries have resulted in potential disciplinary action against up to 15 officers. Some of the cases date back decades and include damaging claims.
Rod Fanni has signed for Charlton from Qatari side Al-Arabi for the rest of the season. Franck Moussa and Ricardo Vaz Te have also left the club by mutual consent. The 23-year-old Frenchman had been on a season-long loan at Ajax
Mutations of the NR5A1 gene were found in a small percentage of infertile men. Scientists from the Pasteur Institute in France and University College London said it could help doctors investigating men with the condition. UK expert said he hoped that further gene defects could be found.
Mr McGuinness was due to join the first minister on a trade mission. The move was made "to enable doctors to conduct a medical assessment" Sinn Fein leader Gerry Adams has sent his best wishes to the family.
Bats have been roosting in St Hilda's Church at Ellerburn, close to the North York Moors. The creatures are protected by law and cannot be wilfully disturbed. Members of the church have spent Â£10,000 trying to get the bats to move
Five people are under investigation over the death of Clement Meric, 18. He was badly beaten in a clash between far-right and anti-fascist activists in Paris. Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault has asked interior minister to dissolve the Revolutionary Nationalist Youth (JNR)
WBC cruiserweight champion Tony Bellew says he would not fight Joshua. Promoter Eddie Hearn said he could fight WBO champion Joseph Parker next. Bellew produced an upset to stop David Haye in a heavyweight contest last month. WBC heavyweight champion Deontay Wild
Watkins has been banned for four years after testing positive for nandrolone and methylhexaneamine. Team-mate Shaun Cleary banned for two years after cocaine metabolite found in his system. Both players tested positive before a friendly against Bridgend Ravens RFC.
Martina Navratilova Kerber reaches second round at Wimbledon. The German reached last year's final but lost to Serena Williams in straight sets. Karolina Pliskova, Caroline Wozniacki and Agnieszka Radwanska also progress.
Number of UK households renting property rose from 2.3 million in 2001 to 5.4 million in 2014. Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors calls on government to offer tax breaks to encourage building. Rics suggests that the stamp duty increase should be reversed, a move which would infur
West Ham United beat Cheltenham Town 2-0 in their EFL Cup second round tie. Diafra Sakho and Andre Ayew scored either side of half-time at Upton Park. Cheltenham's exit ends League Two's representation in the third-round draw.
Morton beat Raith Rovers 1-0 in the Scottish Championship on Tuesday night. The Greenock side are nine points clear of fifth-placed Queen of the South in the table. They face Rangers in the fifth round of the Scottish Cup at Ibrox on Sunday.
A 32-year-old man has been charged with two counts of rape and two of sexual assault. A second man, 28, was charged with one count of rape. The pair, both from Sunderland, will appear before South Tyneside Magistrates' Court.
Snowdonia Society is concerned about its possible effects on wildlife, culture and heritage. But developer Quarry Battery Company said it was the'missing piece of the jigsaw for renewables' The proposed pump storage scheme is based on the same principle as Dinorwig's First Hydro plant in Llanber
Macclesfield Town's match against Dover Athletic has been postponed. Standing water on the pitch caused the game to be called off. A new date for the fixture has yet to be agreed.
Ian Rush opened the scoring with a first half tap-in at the Racecourse. Mark Hughes' scissor-kick goal sent the fans into raptures. Wales failed to qualify for the 1986 World Cup.
Two winning ideas will be tested by the crew of the International Space Station. Winners will get to experience weightlessness on a zero-g airplane flight. Results will be streamed live on YouTube.
Black Land Rover Discovery was set on fire in Musselburgh on Monday. Police are appealing for witnesses to come forward.
Councils will need to have a 'public toilet strategy' as part of Welsh Government plans. Welsh Local Government Association said the plans placed an 'unnecessary burden' on local authorities. British Toilet Association called for more clarity on the plans.
BA said it planned to "ensure that all our customers travel to their destinations" The strike affects "mixed fleet" staff who joined after 2010 and account for 15% of the total cabin crew. The dispute concerns about 4,000 staff who have joined the airline since 2010 on "
DNA tests identify bomber as Abdulbaki Somer, born in the eastern Turkish city of Van. Last week's bombing killed 29 people, at least 20 of them military personnel. The government has insisted there is a link between the attack and Syrian Kurdish fighters.
RWE Innogy UK had applied for a permit to divert water from the River Conwy. Campaigners had feared the scheme would reduce the waterfall to a "trickle" Natural Resources Wales refused permission saying it could harm the local environment.
Alexander Wotherspoon, 83, charged with causing death of Eilish Herron, 17. The charge says he had failed to keep control of the car while reversing. He denied starting the engine and reversing while the driver's door was still open. Sheriff Susan Sinclair adjourned
Tim Aker said 2005 smoking ban forced people to'retreat inwards' He said it was evidence of a 'bankrupt' Labour telling people 'what to do and think' UKIP made big inroads into Labour heartlands in May's general election. But senior party figures
Fans raised Â£60,000 for the tribute which was made in a Czech foundry. Sievey often referenced Timperley in his TV and music work, notably on his 1987 EP. He also covered Sex Pistols' Anarchy in the UK, changing its title to Anarchy
FBU says it has contacted fire authorities and "a number" said they would not uphold the guarantee. Government says it had been "clear" that the staff would get full pensions. MPs approved plans to make firefighters in England work until they are 60.
General Khalifa Haftar began an assault against Islamist fighters in Benghazi last month. The government in Tripoli says he has no authority to act, but several army units have joined him. A battalion within one of the biggest rival militias has also defected to join the general.
Matthew Davies, 33, said he suffered injuries in a "genuine" crash. A guitar worth £1,850 was also damaged, he said. Seven people have denied conspiracy to defraud at Cardiff Crown Court.
Ivo Karlovic has one of the best serve, according to Alan Bingle. I snoozed for 20 minutes during Heather Watson's match and woke up at 5-4 in the second set. Sandy Garfield and Greg Agassi were my sporting heroes growing up.
The pad was appraised by manuscripts specialist Matthew Haley during an episode filmed at Caversham Park in Berkshire.
Airbus and OneWeb have inaugurated the first assembly line in Toulouse, France. The network will comprise at least 600 spacecraft in the first instance, but could eventually encompass more than 2,000. Aim is to deliver broadband links from orbit to every corner of the globe.
Dyfed-Powys Police took to social media on Tuesday to ask for help in tracing Rebecca. The force said the mother and child were found in the early hours of Wednesday. A spokesman said it was thanks to the public response on Facebook.
Pistorius and his family did not attend the hearing at South Africa's Supreme Court of Appeal. Paralympian was transferred to house arrest last month after serving one year of his five-year term for killing his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp. No date was set for the judgement
Kansai Electric aims to restart two reactors in Takahama next month. Injunction was issued after locals argued the reactors could not withstand a strong earthquake. Japan closed all its nuclear reactors after the Fukushima disaster in 2011.
Aberdeen Inspired and Breakneck Comedy Festival runs until 5 November. Tom Stade among the headliners for the opening night. There will also be events aimed at children, and comedy workshops.
There are now 155 suspects in the UK-wide football child abuse scandal. Police say there are now 429 potential victims linked to football. Some of the victims are as young as four at the time of the alleged offence. National Police Chiefs' Council (NPCC) set up Operation Hyd
Keeley Richards-Sharing revenge-porn images and videos became a crime in England and Wales in February. But the law currently gives victims no right to hide their identities. The Ministry of Justice said judges had discretionary powers to withhold names.
Leela Samson quit after the film Messenger of God was approved for release. She accused the state-run CBFC of "corruption and coercion" Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh is the head of the Dera Sacha Sauda sect, which has more than 50 million followers.
Svetlana Kuznetsova hacked some of her own hair off during a match at the WTA Finals in Singapore on Monday. The Russian world number nine said it was affecting her game in a three-set win over Agnieszka Radwanska. BBC Sport
Presenter succeeded Jonathan Ross as host of the revamped weekly film show. Winkleman will still co-host Strictly Come Dancing and present BBC's The Great British Sewing Bee. The Godfather and The Shawshank Redemption are among her favourite films.
Office of Rail and Road wants train companies to refund passengers who accidentally buy tickets that are too expensive for their journey. Train operators said vending machines were designed for simple ticket requirements. Rail operators C2C and Scotrail already have a price guarantee in place for when passengers overpay.
University and College Union (UCU) members are taking part in a two-day national strike. Staff are refusing to set extra work, cover for absent colleagues or work overtime on Wednesday. If no agreement is reached, members have agreed to further strike action targeting open days and graduation ceremonies in
Advertising has become the holy grail of Christmas advertising. Retailers are having to make contact with a customer whose habits are dictated not by TV but by the internet. By 2020, 53% of retail sales across Europe will be influenced one way or another by the online world.
Dryco specialises in moisture control, drying, heating, and cooling applications. The company, which operates 10 full-service locations in North America, posted revenues last year of $19m (Â£14.6m)
Berlusconi told an Italian daily that Americans had chosen Mr Trump, "now let him go to work" Both men both entered politics from the world of business, Berlusconi a media magnate and Mr Trump a property tycoon. Italian politician stopped short of welcoming Mr Trump's victory
Chesterfield striker was cleared of rape at a retrial in October 2016. He had been charged with attacking the woman in a hotel room in Rhyl, Denbighshire. North Wales Police investigated after the woman's name was revealed on social media. Anyone who reports being a
Macclesfield keeper Scott Flinders misjudged a free-kick in the first half. Dover captain Jamie Grimes' looping header put the visitors ahead in the eighth minute. Holroyd got on the end of Danny Whitaker's shot to level in the 69th minute before bursting
Richards: "There's things in the works - I think it's definitely happening. But when? I can't say yet" The Stones played their first gig at London's Marquee Club on 12 July, 1962. A photography exhibition marking the band's long career will be launched on
Briton Konta beaten in three sets by unseeded Serb Ana Ivanovic. Konta had been hoping to improve on previous semi-final appearances at Wimbledon and the Australian Open. The 26-year-old has enjoyed another terrific year, cementing her place inside the top
Callum Elder made his Barnsley debut at left-back with Alex Mowatt suspended. Preston recalled Simon Makienok to spearhead their attack. Barnsley's Ryan Kent almost caught keeper Chris Maxwell out at the near post with an inswinging corner.
Chelsey Lee, 26, played for Bucheon KEB Hana Bank in the Women's Korean Basketball League. Prosecutors were asked to investigate after the Korean Olympic Committee pushed for Lee's naturalisation. The WKBL says Lee will be suspended for life and her records annulled.
Families with two working parents could be able to claim up to £1,200 a year per child. George Osborne said stay-at-home mothers, who made a 'lifestyle choice', would not be eligible. UK has some of the highest childcare costs in the world,
Council officials will meet on Tuesday to start the process of identifying where the Maes will be. 140 acres needed, along with good mobile phone signal and fibre broadband. Town and community councils will be contacted, asking for suggestions to be sent to Ceredigion council by March.
Rowley has led Leigh to the Championship title in each of the past two years. They won just one game in The Qualifiers in 2015 as they missed out on a place in Super League. "It is with a heavy heart I have decided to resign as coach," says Rowley.
Finland's social insurance agency Kela is trying out the monthly tax-free payment of €560 (£490; $600) The aim is to see whether providing a basic income will make the unemployed more eager to go into short-term jobs. Finland has some 213,000 unemployed
Eruption happened on Sunday morning at 4am local time on the island of Sicily. Hot lava and ash spewed from the top into a valley nearby. Area around the volcano was covered by ash, but it didn't affect planes travelling near it.
Scrum-half Pyrgos takes over as skipper as head coach Vern Cotter rotates his squad. Greig Laidlaw was Scotland's man of the match in their opening Pool B win over Japan. Pyrgos led Scotland in a World Cup warm-up defeat
BBC Arabic's Feras Kilani caught in crossfire as Iraqi forces retook Bazwaya. Up to 1.5 million civilians thought to be trapped between IS and Iraqi forces. BBC's Ian Pannell said jihadists were putting up a hard fight.
U.S. and Philippine leaders met before Asean summit gala dinner in Laos. Obama and Mr Dietario entered the dinner venue separately and did not interact with each other. White House official said the pair exchanged "pleasantries" in a "brief discussion
Morgan Jensen, 21, from Arizona in America, has been compared to Taylor Swift. Taylor shared photos of Morgan (and her friend Kasey) on her Tumblr with the message "lol I thought that was me" Morgan says she's a huge fan, but she's never met Taylor
Discovery Communication shares fell more than 8%. Snap fell 1% to $13.67 as a lock-up ended that has prevented early investors and employees from selling shares since the social media company's IPO. Amazon shares dropped more than 3%, while Facebook shares dropped by more than 1.8
Scientists in Spain are developing technology to edit games down to key moments. The Polytechnic University of Catalonia has just published 18 pages of how it works. Every part of the match is looked over by the computer to spot tell-tale signs of when something interesting is happening. In a
The limb was found in a garden in Cranwells Park on Wednesday. It has been sent for forensic analysis, Avon and Somerset Police said. Detectives are "keeping an open mind" as to whether it was linked to two similar incidents.
Three Victorian hotels will go to make way for a six-storey, four star hotel and two assisted-living apartment blocks, at East Cliff in Bournemouth. English Heritage strongly objected to the scale of the development in what is a designated conservation area. Councillors voted seven to three in
Asia Bibi was the first woman to be sentenced to death under Pakistan's blasphemy laws. She was sentenced to hang in 2010 for insulting the Prophet Muhammad. The Supreme Court suspended her death sentence last year and gave her leave to appeal. Judge Iqbal Hameed ur Reh
Current 56 day waiting time target for treatment is to be halved to 28 days. Health boards have until next March to hit the new target. Under the old arrangements, patients had to be seen for an initial assessment within four weeks.
The 28-year-old was arrested on Thursday night, just days after playing for the Queensland Reds rugby team. He was arrested following an investigation by the Queensland Crime and Corruption Commission (CCC) Two other men and a woman were also charged with supplying cocaine for "personal use or to on
Lewis was released from prison in June 2015 after serving less than half of a 13-year sentence for drug smuggling. The 48-year-old was convicted in 2009 after being caught smuggling liquid cocaine into Britain from St Lucia. Lewis will begin his tour of the 18 first-class counties on
Alex Schalk's header opened the scoring after eight minutes. Brian Graham's last-minute lob clinched victory for Ross County. Kilmarnock suffer their eighth home Premiership defeat of the season.
Josh van der Flier scores crucial try as Leinster beat Connacht. Johnny Sexton kicked 15th-minute penalty and Ian Madigan added a penalty. Leinster move to within a point of leaders Scarlets with a game in hand. Connacht will drop to fourth
Sundowns lost 2-2 to KCCA in the first leg of their last 32 tie in Atteridgeville. KCCA need to win 1-0 in Uganda to go through on the away goals rule. The South African champions were 2-0 up after just six
Cornwall College engineering students to restore machinery at Poldark mine. The tin mine is one of the oldest industrial structures in the UK, its owner said. It is believed that the renovation project on the mine at Wendron near Helston could take several years.
Top Iowa election official Paul Pate said Cruz's mailers "misrepresent Iowa election law" Mr Trump said Cruz "illegally" won the caucus, but later deleted the tweet. Mr Cruz's camp is not taking the accusations too seriously. There is no precedent for re-
Katie Ledecky won gold in the 200m, 400m and 800m freestyle at Rio 2016. Welsh swimmer Carlin won silver in the 400m individual medley in the same event. The 24-year-old added the 800m silver to her 400
Gareth Southgate appointed England manager after Sam Allardyce's sacking. Southgate signed a contract reportedly worth up to £2m a year to take over from Roy Hodgson. The 46-year-old took over as England Under-21s boss in September following Allardy
Many favourites were simply wiped away: Ed Miliband, Nick Clegg, even Eric Pickles. It was no better for female impersonators: while Nicola Sturgeon was a welcome new voice, the grim reality dawned: it would no longer be possible to put off doing Theresa May. Politicians
The two-page note, addressed to Mrs Ellis and dated 19 August 1945, finds him dealing with the subject of joy. It was found by its owner in a copy of Lewis's book, A Problem of Pain, bought years before. Auctioneer Chris Albury said "keen
Loganair will spend £3.5m having the same work done to the rest of its fleet. The airline's business includes operating lifeline routes to and from the Scottish islands. Last year, members of the public and MSPs raised concerns about the reliability of some of these services.
The girl was with her parents and a younger brother when she went to hospital. But the family left two hours later before the girl could receive treatment. Police believe the girl, who is diabetic, could fall into a coma if not treated immediately.
Company was due to release results on 10 March and shareholders' meeting in April. It says results will be about the same as in 2014, although cost of crisis will eat into those. Sales of VW-brand cars fell 4.8% in 2015 to 5.82 million cars from 6
Protest by the Gorkha Janamukti Morcha party is demanding a separate state for Nepali-speaking Gorkhas. Tourism and tea production will be worst hit by the strike, locals say. The strike began at 06:00 India time (00:30GMT) on
Norwich beat Southampton 1-0 at Carrow Road. Tettey scores the only goal of the game. Norwich are 15th in the Premier League.
Britain beat New Zealand 3-2 in the women's fifth/sixth place play-off. Alex Danson scored a hat-trick, with Lily Owsley also on target for the hosts. GB finished bottom of Pool stage with no wins and only three goals scored.
El Amrani said he would be departing on Monday, but gave no reason for his decision. Hayatou was deposed as Caf president 10 days ago at elections in Ethiopia. The 70-year-old Hayatou had served as president for 29 years.
Gordon Culliford, 77, from Ammanford, Carmarthenshire, was last seen at hospital. He is white, 5ft 7in tall, with white swept back hair and was wearing black glasses. South Wales Police said there is "considerable concern" for the man.
Michael Clarke, 34, confirmed his retirement last week. Batsman Steve Smith, 26, will replace him as Australia's captain. David Warner, 28, has been named as Smith's vice-captain. The pair will lead Australia in the limited-overs matches that follow the
Dundee United and Inverness Caledonian Thistle had made approaches. Lawless made 40 appearances this season, scoring five goals. Manager Alan Archibald said: "It came as no surprise"
Jason Duff was found falling in and out of consciousness on Bo'ness Road, Polmont. The 44-year-old, of Cowdenbeath, Fife, was also banned from driving for four years. Blood sample taken at Forth Valley Royal Hospital three hours later showed Duff was
The 25-year-old joined the Blues from Reading in August 2015. Hector has also had spells with five non-league sides, as well as spells in Republic of Ireland and Scotland. He could make his Tigers debut against Aston Villa on Saturday, 6 August.
Yorkshire would be entitled to a Â£24bn budget under a devolved system, he said. David Cameron said the government had already got rid of a "centralised" approach. Mr Blunkett is a Labour former Cabinet minister and the MP for Sheffield Brightside and Hills
Neil Aspin's promotion-chasing hosts have not lost in nine National League matches while Adam Lockwood's side are unbeaten in five. Guiseley went ahead on 15 minutes against the run of play when a throw-in found James Hurst who squared to Jake Lawlor to stroke into
Preston North End complete signing of Aston Villa's Jack Robinson for undisclosed fee. Newcastle-born former Rotherham man Pringle signs for an undisclosed fee after one year with the Cottagers. Pringle made nine league starts during a short loan spell at Ipswich in
Glasgow City Council said right of the Orange Order to march was not 'absolute' Council warned future parades could face greater restrictions or prohibition. Police are investigating the footage of the song, which is sung to the tune of the Beach Boys' Sloop John B.
It is the first time a country has considered the DNA-altering technique in embryos and approved it. Research will take place at the Francis Crick Institute in London and aims to provide a deeper understanding of the earliest moments of human life. It will be illegal for the scientists to implant the
India collapse from 277-1 to 323 all out as Kane Richardson takes 5-68. Aaron Finch makes 107 and David Warner 93 in Australia's 348-8. Australia lead series 4-0 and have won 18 consecutive ODIs on home soil.
Armed with a knife, a man robbed a shop in the Rosemount area of London. He was restrained by members of the public until officers arrived and arrested him. Another man was arrested nearby a short time later. Both men, both 19, are due to appear in court on Monday
Department of Health finalising accounts for last financial year close to completion. Sources indicate it's touch and go as to whether department kept to spending limit. An overspend would be a serious breach of Whitehall protocol and lead to senior officials being hauled over the coals by the National Audit Office
Father D'Arcy said he would find it hard to continue if he was Irish Church leader. Cardinal Brady had names and address of children being abused by Fr Brendan Smyth in 1975. Smyth, a paedophile, continued to attack children for a further 13 years.
Two cars and a lorry were involved in the collision on the A52 near Nottingham on 25 November. Two men, aged 22 and 24, have been arrested and bailed over the crash. Father-of-three Gurdip Singh Kareer, 41, was a "loving, caring family man
Part of the road from West Circular Road to Lanark Way had been cordoned off. Army bomb disposal officers carried out an examination of a suspicious vehicle. Nothing untoward was found and the vehicle has been seized for examination.
Number of people in work increased by 69,000 in the three months to June. Youth unemployment increased by 15,000 to reach 973,000. The number of people out of work for more than two years also rose. Wages grew by 1.1% over the past 12
Underlying sales fell 2.7% to €48.4bn ($56.1bn; £37.1billion) Analysts had expected a 3.1% rise. Despite the weaker-than-expected sales, Unilever reported a 7% rise in pre-tax profit to
Mustard gas can burn skin and cause severe respiratory problems. It is banned under international law. The exposure took place near the northern Iraqi towns of Makhmour and Gwer.
Five officers were filmed rescuing the man, 41, from the sinking vehicle. He was detained on suspicion of a number of offences including burglary and dangerous driving. The officers who went into the water were also checked over as a precaution.
Care homes added to My NHS, part of NHS Choices site. Users can leave ratings and reviews to help other people assess services. Each care home is scored on its level of safety, staff turnover and food hygiene. National Care Association said if information was not up to date, it could
The program - called Vital - will vote on whether to invest in a specific company. The firm it will be working for - Deep Knowledge Ventures - focuses on drugs for age-related diseases. It said that Vital would make its recommendations by sifting through large amounts of data.
Jackie Fox from Birmingham, Alabama died of ovarian cancer last year. Her family argued that the firm knew of talc risks and failed to warn users. J&J denied the claim and is said to be considering an appeal. Researchers say links with ovarian cancer are unproven.
Pierre Rolland won the 219km stage from Tirano to Canazei. It was the 30-year-old's first triumph since a stage win on the 2015 Vuelta a Castilla y Leon. Race leader Tom Dumoulin lost time following an unexpected toilet stop on Tuesday.
Kevin Ellison scored the only goal of the game to earn Wycombe a point. Morecambe drop to 11th but remain just a point behind Blackpool in the play-off spot. Jamal Blackman was the busier of the two keepers making three excellent saves.
The 86-year-old woman had withdrawn her pension from a bank in Altrincham. While shopping she was approached by a woman who grabbed her trolley and demanded money. Not willing to give up without a fight, however, the octogenarian hit the woman over the head
Ruairí Óg Cushendall will take on Na Piarsaigh of County Limerick in the senior club final in Dublin on St Patrick's Day. Hollywood star Liam Neeson won a schools' hurling crown in his hometown Ballymena in 1966.
Imani Wiltshire was discovered on the bus deck in Stratford, east London. She was taken to hospital where she was pronounced dead from head injuries. Her parents pleaded not guilty to murder at the Old Bailey and will stand trial in March.
Maersk Tigris was seized in international waters off Bandar Abbas. Iranian media cited an official as saying the ship was seized based on a court order in connection with a complaint. The 24 crew, mostly from Eastern Europe and Asia, are still on board the vessel. Ma
Pedro was taken to hospital after the game in Beijing. He also suffered concussion but posted a message saying "everything is OK" Chelsea face Bayern Munich on Tuesday and Inter Milan on 29 July.
Madihah Taheer, Ummariyat Mirza and Zainub Mirza appeared at the Old Bailey in London on 28 April. The trio will next appear before Woolwich Crown Court on 4 September. West Midlands Police said the charges were not linked to March's Westminster
Stephen Doughty won the seat with 9,193 votes, a majority of 5,334 over the Conservatives. The turnout was 25.65% - down from more than 60% at the 2010 General Election. Mr Doughty succeeds Alun Michael, who stood down after 25 years as an
Developers say wind turbines contribute to renewable energy targets and help combat climate change. Campaigner Melvin Grosvenor questioned how efficiently the turbines would generate energy. Lincolnshire County Council advised councils not to grant planning permission if wind farms fail to meet strict criteria. About 60 campaigners walked
155 countries are expected to formally sign the Paris agreement at the UN. Legal requirements mean that each country will have to go through a process of ratification. Some countries, including the Marshall Islands, Palau, Fiji and Switzerland, have already completed this step. Poorer countries fear that if
Edward Furneaux, 74, died after crashing his car into a tree in Worle, Somerset. The body of his 70-year-old wife, Anne, was found at a property in Pilgrim's Way the same day. No-one else is being sought in the murder inquiry
Actress revealed in May last year she had surgery after being told she had 87% chance of cancer. News encouraged women with genuine concerns about family history to get advice. Number of GP referrals for genetic counselling and DNA tests for breast cancer mutations increased two and a half times compared with the same
South Eastern Trust has been unable to fill two consultant cardiologist posts. There is also the added problem of staff sickness and increase in referrals. The trust serves a population of approximately 345,000 people with a budget of Â£500m.
Incident happened at about 21:15 BST on Friday at the shop in Alliance Avenue. Police said the firework was dropped through the doorway by an "unknown male" The man was taken to hospital where he is described as being in a stable condition.
There are 309,000 Brits registered as having residency in Spain. Many more expats are likely to be living here for just part of the year. There has been speculation that they could be hit financially, that their UK pensions could be frozen.
National Trust volunteers have been clearing them away as they are said to pose a risk to wildlife. The National Trust said it believed a container had gone overboard from a ship, during stormy weather. It is thought the vessel lost the container near Land's End in May.
Heatherson has been with Yeovil since 2015. The 32-year-old scored seven goals in her first season. Yeovil won WSL 2 last season.
Richard Barklie, from Carrickfergus, was identified on CCTV footage. He said he was not racist and denied taking part in any racist singing.
Cheshire East Council waived own financial rules three times to grant firm £156,000. Michael Jones said he was 'clear' that he had 'not misled council' Fitness company runs classes in schools and is owned by Mr Jones's personal physiotherapist. Hilda Gadd
Premier agreed to buy E.On's North Sea assets for a net $120m (Â£84m) plus working capital adjustments. Deal was amended during the suspension so that it no longer constituted a reverse takeover. By close of trading, Premier's share price was up by nearly 90
Dundalk beat Shamrock Rovers 3-0 to move five points clear at the top of the table. Aaron McEneff and Rory Patterson scored either side of half-time for Derry. The Candystripes cannot now be caught for fourth place as they cement their grip
Tatiana Duva-Rodriguez, 46, is licensed to carry a concealed weapon. Police said she should not have opened fire because her life was not in danger. The thieves escaped with $1,000 (Â£652) worth of merchandise.
Bristol Rovers and Peterborough United drew 4-4 at the Macron Stadium. Jack Marriott scored twice for Peterborough and Steven Taylor scored for Bristol Rovers. Rory Gaffney scored a late consolation for the home side.
Silcox Coaches is a private coach hire and tour operator. It has a contract with Pembrokeshire council to provide school transport. The company was founded in 1882 and has run bus services since 1932.
Etxabeguren spent five years with Real Sociedad and was included in their Champions League squad for season 2013-14. 24-year-old was with East Fife last season and impressed during a short trial.
Residents awoke from a night of fireworks to find the city covered in a thick grey blanket of smog. Authorities warned that pollution levels were critically high.
As a teenager he tried three times, unsuccessfully, to defect from Cuba, once spending a month in Cuban jail. He finally escaped to Mexico on his fourth attempt, saving his mother from drowning. Fernandez's transition from his life in Cuba was difficult, but baseball helped him acclimate to
Tribal fighters set fire to a building used by IS militants, government sources say. Mayor of Fallujah Issa al-Issawi says more tribesmen are joining the fight against IS. Fallujah has been held by anti-government forces since the beginning of 2014.
Flight AC759 from Toronto was involved in a near-miss on 7 July. Pilot "inadvertently" headed for the area where jets were due to depart. He was ordered to pull up and the Airbus 320 circled and landed safely. It is estimated that it flew just 30m above
Details emerged during sentencing of Arshid, Bannaras and Basharat Hussain. They were found guilty by a jury of 50 offences at Sheffield Crown Court. One woman described the Hussain brothers as "a pack of animals", court hears. Three associates of Hussain brothers, their uncle
Fishing regions around the UK voted heavily in favour of leaving the EU during the referendum campaign. The EU's Common Fisheries Policy (CFP) has often been characterised by the industry as a disaster for Britain. Many in the fishing community argue that the industry can regain control over UK waters.
Cameron telephoned the German chancellor to ask if she would agree to a statement. But he later abandoned the idea of a joint statement by EU leaders on free movement. No 10 decided it could be portrayed by Vote Leave as a sign of weakness.
BBC London's home affairs correspondent Nick Beake answers your questions. Why don't unarmed police officers at Westminster carry body armour? Will the pavement safety barriers removed from London Bridge be restored? What should we do if we see something suspicious?
Krystian Bielik has signed for Arsenal from Legia Warsaw. The 17-year-old underwent a medical at the Emirates Stadium last week. Bielik can play in both a holding midfield role and at centre-back. Click here for Arsenal transfer news.
Seven people have been saved so far. Many of the bodies are children who were playing in the streets when the landslide hit. The scar of the collapsed hillside can be seen from miles away. Red Cross officials say 174 people have died as a result of the heavy rains.
19-year-old held in Barking on suspicion of being concerned in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism. Police said six other suspects remain in custody and searches are ongoing. Eight people were killed when three men drove at pedestrians on the bridge and stabbed people in Borough
Spanish football federation suspends former president Villar for one year. Villar and his son Gorka were arrested earlier this month as part of a corruption investigation. Juan Luis Larrea has been named as interim president.
Wild Animals in Travelling Circuses (Scotland) Bill would be first of its kind in UK. Aimed at banning the use of non-domesticated animals for performance or exhibition. Holyrood's environment committee took evidence from animal welfare and circus industry groups.
Ryan Matthews, 62, was already serving a life sentence for double murder. He killed Sharon Wall, 53, at Wotton Lawn Hospital in Gloucester, where he lived. Ms Wall was stabbed twice in the back and could not be saved despite efforts from staff. Police and NHS investigations have
Abdalfatah HA is suspected of being part of unit with al-Qaeda-linked group. 36 Syrian government employees were killed by al-Nusra Front in 2013. Federal prosecutors' office said the man had carried out death sentences.
Sheffield Wednesday beat Huddersfield Town 2-0 in their Premier League clash. Ross Wallace and Fernando Forestieri scored the goals for the Owls. Jack Payne was sent off for the Terriers. Carlos Carvalhal's side have now won four consecutive league games.
RTL claims Baysilone, normally associated with the oil or rubber industries, was found in a breakdown of the implant. A lawyer acting for PIP strongly denied the report, telling RTL that the product was not industrial but a food product used in lipstick. French authorities have advised 30,
Welsh Labour leader urges people to 'imagine the price' of a Tory government in Wales. "Labour changes peoples' lives when we are in government," she says. First Minister Carwyn Jones says it will be a straight fight between Labour and Tories.
Salvador Sobral's Amar Pelos Dois (Love for Both of Us) has made him a national hero. Portugal had never got above the sixth place that it reached in 1996. It was a triumph for "brand Portugal", music journalist and advertising executive Manuel Falcao
Four councillors were spotted nodding off during a Gloucestershire council meeting. Two said they had been listening, one blamed medication, but the fourth admitted the meetings "drag a bit" Cllr Shaun Parsons, chairman of the council, said members had been told the proceedings were being
Molinari stormed into contention with two eagles in the last seven holes. The Italian set a clubhouse target of nine under par, which Dunne was able to match. Dunne's second place finish was his best ever on the European Tour.
RSPB said 2,270 black-tailed godwits spent time on the island this spring. The majority of the birds this year were found in a field in Kilmoluaig. Godwits often stop off in the Hebrides to refuel during migration to Iceland.
Secretary of state nominee said US should deny Beijing access to islands in South China Sea. Two state-run papers carry editorials strongly criticising his comments. Beijing has been building artificial islands on reefs in waters also claimed by other nations. China's official response, from foreign ministry spokesman
Animal first spotted at Montevrain, 38km (23 miles) east of Paris. It remains unclear where the animal came from, though there is a big cat park nearby. Hundreds of emergency services workers, animal-trackers and a helicopter involved. Experts say it is most likely
Police say the individuals were using software designed to remotely control computers. The practice is known as 'Ratting' and takes its name from the malicious software used to gain control. Victims are typically infected by being convinced to click on a link purporting to be a picture or video.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter announced plans to form an 11-person panel to review football's scandal-hit world governing body. Domenico Scala had earlier said he would only lead taskforce if he is guaranteed full independence. Scala was believed to have been prepared to lead task
My Brother is a Superhero is focused on Luke - named after Solomons' own son. Book sees Luke's brother Zack given special powers to help save two universes. Solomons previously adapted E Nesbit's Five Children and It for the 2004 film.
East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust will make a decision on Friday. NHS managers have proposed a temporary downgrade of the hospital's maternity and paediatric services to cope with staffing shortages. One paediatric nurse said staff were devastated for their patients.
Guinea was declared Ebola-free in November. The disease killed more than 2,500 people in the country and a further 9,000 in Sierra Leone and Liberia. According to the UN, 6,220 Guinean children have lost one or both parents to Ebola.
Petition calling for tycoon to be barred for comments about banning Muslims from the US. David Cameron has condemned Mr Trump, but said he should be allowed in. The Commons petitions committee decided to hold a debate on the issue after considering the matter. But Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron
Procession to Calvary, completed in 1602, will remain on show at Nostell Priory. Painting depicts Christ carrying the cross on his way to crucifixion. It had been put up for sale for £2.7m to pay for restoration of the estate.
Phil Gartside has died at the age of 75. Bolton have announced he has passed away. Gartside was chairman of the club for 16 years. He was at the helm during an 11-year stint in the Premier League and two Uefa Cup campaigns.
The 73-year-old pilot is being treated for back and leg injuries after the crash. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch has said it is aware of the incident and is making inquiries. A 52-year old tanker driver was treated for minor injuries and the occupant of the bungalow
McCall says he and some of his players were goaded by supporters following their 1-0 loss to the Lions at Wembley. Millwall boss Neil Harris encouraged his side's fans to leave the pitch. Match-winner Steve Morison claimed they had "ruined" the moment.
Scottish government wants deal concluded by 12 February to allow time for Holyrood to examine it. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon warned Scotland could lose billions of pounds under current proposals. Talks between the two governments are due to resume in Edinburgh on Monday. Scottish Labour had earlier called for
Polls would have been first contest between Hamas and Fatah in 10 years. Delay ordered after lists of candidates for Fatah were cancelled in parts of Gaza Strip. Hamas has protested at the court's ruling, describing it as "political" Fatah says it holds Hamas fully
Dasuki is accused of awarding phantom contracts to buy fighter jets and helicopters. The equipment was meant for the fight against Boko Haram Islamist militants. He is the first senior official of the former government to be charged under the rule of President Muhammadu Buhari, who took in office in
Georgia have won the past six European Nations Cup titles. Haig believes the status quo is hampering Georgia's development. The Lelos have lost just two matches from the 30 played in the last six championships. Georgia have lost only once since last year's World Cup - a narrow
Kim Clark, from Kinross, died after being hit by a car in Milnathort on Tuesday. Police said her family were understandably upset at their loss and that she would be greatly missed.
Rahama Sadau said sorry to those she upset, but said her actions were "innocuous" Hausa films are popular in northern Nigeria where it is taboo for men and women to hold hands in public. The Motion Pictures Practitioners Association of Nigeria banned the actress from Kannywood
Prices rose by 8.6% in England in the year to the end of January, ONS said. In comparison, property prices went up by 0.1% in Scotland and 0.8% in Northern Ireland. Excluding London and the South East, UK house prices increased by
Shimon Peres died in a hospital near Tel Aviv early on Wednesday. He had been in the intensive care unit of the Sheba Medical Centre. Mr Peres won the Nobel Peace prize in 1994 for his role negotiating peace accords with the Palestinians.
Rob Donn could not read or write and dictated his poetry from memory in later life. Strathnaver Museum has been awarded Â£5,400 from the Heritage Lottery Fund's Stories, Stones and Bones programme towards the project.
Timbuktu fell under Islamist control 10 months ago. Militants banned men and women from mixing in public. Women have swapped the full black niqab, or full-face veil, for colourful local pagnes. The symbol of the jihadis - marked with a Koran,
PC James Burns was found not guilty of common assault and two counts of assault causing actual bodily harm against Michael Stanley, 28, in Penrhyndeudraeth, on 10 April 2016. He was also cleared of giving a false statement about what happened. Case against another officer,
Girl was injured by the drug patrol dog in Belmarsh Prison, Woolwich, on 31 March. MoJ said incident had been reported to police and the dog withdrawn from service. More than 530 dogs deployed in prisons in England and Wales in 2015, MoJ said.
Atacama desert in Chile is one of the driest places on Earth. Average rainfall is les than 0.1mm (0.004 in) per year. Fog is made up of minuscule drops of water which are so light they do not fall as rain.
Scotland's Children's Commissioner said the revelation was "disturbing" It comes after the publication last summer of the Jay report into sexual exploitation in Rotherham. Last year Glasgow City Council said 97 children in the city were victims, or at risk of, sexual exploitation.
David Gainsborough-Roberts spent his life collecting memorabilia from famous people. His collection included keys and coats from the Titanic, Winston Churchill's hat and guns owned by Billy the Kid. Last year he sold his Marilyn Monroe collection, making Â£1.5m which he said
Dal Babu said many Muslims did not trust the 'Prevent' strategy. The multi-agency programme aims to stop people being drawn into terrorist-related activity. Home Office defended the scheme, saying 130,000 people had been trained to identify and prevent extremism. Mr Babu
GB lost 24-18 to Israel, 37-14 to Hungary and 46-14 against Netherlands. Men's and women's teams had £2.92m funding to support elite athletes removed after London 2012. Netherlands won all three games to secure their place at the finals in Rio
The Nikkei 225 index reversed earlier losses and ended the Friday session higher by 1.2%. Other Asian markets traded lower on Friday, mirroring how US markets performed overnight. Sony shares are 40% cheaper than before news of the false data emerged.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond's visit to Tripoli is intended to provide international backing for the fledgling Government of National Accord. He also arrived with further practical assistance; £10m-worth of aid, in part intended to combat people smuggling and terrorism. Here then is the fundamental driver for Britain's renewed engagement with
The film star and his lawyer wife Amal want to put up eight cameras on poles in the grounds. They also wish to attach a further 10 cameras to the property in Sonning Eye, Oxfordshire. The Eye and Dunsden Parish Council has concerns over privacy and the CCTV system's
Follow our reporter Steffan Messenger on Facebook. He'll be posting all our #iNeverKnew coverage and focusing on the issues you feel passionately about - your cash, your career, your future.
George Hamilton was speaking to MPs on the Northern Ireland affairs committee. It is investigating how a UK exit from the EU could affect Northern Ireland. Voters will go to the polls in June to decide whether the UK should remain a member of the EU.
Stephen Keshi has been appointed Nigeria's new national coach. Keshi won the Africa Cup of Nations as a player with Nigeria in 1994. The 53-year-old was sacked by the Nigerian Football Federation in 2014. NFF technical committee boss Felix Anyansi-Agwu
South Africa beat England by eight wickets in Twenty20 World Cup warm-up match. AB de Villiers hits 71 off 29 balls and Hashim Amla unbeaten on 69 off 38. England lose their last seven wickets for 14 runs as they are bowled out for 171.
Bissouma says he is happy at Stade Pierre-Mauroy. The 20-year-old signed a professional deal with the club in July 2016. His previous deal with AS Real Bamako ran until June 2019.
Celebrations were held in the streets around the Belgrave Road, known as the Golden Mile. About 35,000 turned out for the lights switch on last week, and even more people are believed to have attended the main event. Diwali is a celebration of light over darkness and
Bloemfontein joins Beijing and Lisbon in being suspended from anti-doping activities. Moscow's lab had its accreditation revoked in April. The decision leaves 31 Wada-accredited labs in the world, but none in Africa.
RNLI asks Andy Hibbs to stand down 'due to serious breaches of Volunteer Code of Conduct' Hibbs says he is 'humbled' by the support of his crew. Jersey will have lifeboat cover from other Channel Islands stations - St Catherine's, St Peter Port and
Virat Kohli is at the peak of his powers, surely the outstanding cricketer in the world today. He is a consummate surgeon at the crease, intensely focussed, working hard, playing the ball into gaps in the field and staying calm under pressure. The sheer volume
Simon Marsh, 55, was the subject of an investigation lasting 15 months. Allegations were made between 2011 and 2013 when the woman was aged 16 to 19. Mr Marsh had been on bail and was suspended from his parish duties while the investigation took place.
Both 48-hour and 24-hour strikes have already been held on seven Shell-operated platforms. Further action was planned but was put on hold for fresh talks. Wood Group provides maintenance and construction to Shell.
Essex were all out for 266-9 in their first innings. Tom Westley (57) and Ravi Bopara (61) made half-centuries for the hosts. Charlie Shreck (4-79) was the pick of the bowlers for Essex.
Andrew Patrick, 40, admitted assault and robbery at the High Court in Glasgow. He pointed a gun at Alistair Rankine before giving him a bag said to have a bomb inside. The 40-year-old then ordered the driver to steal cash from a Bank of Scotland branch.
Shami Chakrabarti was appointed to lead inquiry into claims of anti-Semitism in Labour. She was the Labour leader's only nomination as part of David Cameron's resignation honours list. Chief Rabbi Ephraim Mirvis said her report's credibility "lies in tatters"
Dr Craig Wright says he has access to the cryptographic keys used by Satoshi Nakamoto when he made the first Bitcoin transaction in 2009. Wright says he had a "nice big house and a nice fast car" in London, went on holidays to Paris, and didn't feel the need to acquire
Shahid Tarafdar, 45, was hit by a Peugeot 307 on Stockport Road. He was taken to hospital but later died. Michael Joyce, 21, has been charged with perverting the course of justice. Both have been remanded to appear at Manchester Magistrates'
Betsi Cadwaladr health board has suggested downgrading services. Legal challenge blocked plan to downgrade maternity care at Glan Clwyd Hospital. That prompted the consultation, which includes a series of public meetings. Residents are unhappy with the plans, suggesting women have to travel further.
UK's National Cyber Security Centre (NCSC) led the international investigation. NCSC believes that a hacking group known as Lazarus launched the attack. The same group is believed to have targeted Sony Pictures in 2014. Lazarus is also thought to have been behind the theft of money from
Powys won the bidding process to deliver the service in place of the OFT. It will receive Â£170,000 a year to carry out the work. People complaining about estate agents will still contact local authorities.
Laura Trott and Jason Kenny have won five golds between them. Kenny now has six Olympic golds from three Games. Trott has four, more than any other British woman. The next Olympics in Tokyo are in their sights.
HRW carried out a nine-month investigation into the 53,000 images handed to the opposition. Researchers interviewed former prisoners, defectors, forensic experts and families of the disappeared. Syria's government and its allies had questioned the images' authenticity.
James Brokenshire attended a gaelic football match in Northern Ireland. He was in the stadium's control room when the anthem was played. The Northern Ireland Office said he attended "in the spirit of friendship" But a County Armagh Labour MP said he had "snubbed
Incident occurred in the 84th minute of Wednesday's Confederation Cup match between Sudan's Al Merreikh and Kawkab Marrakech of Morocco. Kawkab won the match 2-0 - with two penalties - for a 2-1 aggregate win. Caf is reviewing the
Early voting, as well as postal voting, changes the game. Once a person says in principle they would like to vote for your candidate, you can check that they have gone to vote at all. As an added bonus no last-minute blunder by your candidate allows them to change their
Adventures in the Anthropocene is the winner of the 2015 Royal Society Winton Prize. The book details how humans are altering the planet, but also tells the stories of how we are learning to limit and cope with that change. "I really wanted it to be an optimistic book, because
Protesters want to replace the government with an unelected "People's Council" Government has deployed 18,000 security personnel to maintain order. Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra has offered to meet protest leaders to discuss potentially delaying the polls. Protesters allege Ms Yingluck is a proxy
Dorothy Cooper was seriously injured when a man jumped into her car and drove over her. The incident happened in a car park in Royton, Oldham, on Wednesday. Paul Anthony Moore, 45, has been charged with wounding with intent, dangerous driving and motoring offences.
UK government gave Northern Ireland the power to reduce the level of the tax. That prompted calls from Scottish and Welsh airports for similar treatment. Treasury said it had not ruled out devolving APD to Scotland and Wales in the future.
Warren Gatland is leading the British and Irish Lions in New Zealand. Forwards coach McBryde assumes head coach responsibilities for the third time. Welsh Rugby Union will appoint assistant coaches for the summer tour.
St Elijah's Monastery, or Deir Mar Elia, was believed to have been constructed by Assyrian monks in the late 6th Century. Catholic priest from Mosul warned that its Christian history was "being barbarically levelled" Satellite images suggest it was destroyed between August and September
University of Glasgow study compared suicide risk of veterans and non-veterans. Overall, veterans were at no greater risk than the general public. Falklands and Gulf War veterans had a lower risk of suicide. Young veterans were not found to be at increased risk.
Age UK review looked at existing data and concluded there were nearly 1.2 million people who were not now getting the care they need. The charity said this had been caused by cuts to council budgets which had led to a rationing of services. Half of councils had seen a care home provider cease
Former England batsman Boycott said Morgan was not "as good as he thinks he is" Anderson responded: "That's rich coming from him. We know how destructive he is when he's in form" Former England captain Michael Vaughan disagreed with Boycott's comments. Australia captain Michael
Moat Brae in Dumfries has been a private house, a nursing home and a hotel. Until the 1990s it was run as a private hospital/nursing home. When that operation was closed, the building faced an uncertain future. It sat empty for some time before eventually
Mae'r ardal wedi ei chynnwys yn y 10 uchaf gan y cyhoeddwyr yn dilyn adfywiad mewn sawl lleoliad, a chyfleoedd awyr agored sy'n g
Candidates were responding to a question about proposed changes to health care. Consultation looking at reducing bed-blocking and improving efficiency. Phil Wood for UKIP said too many people in the NHS were "trying to protect their own budgets"
GSK fined £37,606,275 and the generic firms have to pay £7.4m. GSK says its actions saved the NHS money and brought the generic drugs to the market sooner. The other companies fined were Generics UK, Merck, Alpharma, Activis UK
Herbert Kilpin left Nottingham to work in Italy in the 1890s and later set up the club. Kilpin led the club to its first three championships and designed its legendary strip. He died in 1916, aged 46, and his grave was believed lost until a historian tracked it down.
H5N8 avian flu has been discovered at a farm with 1,000 birds in Wyre, North Yorkshire. It has a "business link" to nearby farm Hy-Fly Game Hatcheries Limited in Preesall. Public Health England said the risk to humans was "
The men were working on the A361 at Gornhay Cross, Tiverton, when they were hit. One was flown to Plymouth's Derriford Hospital, while the other was taken to hospital. The van driver has been arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving.
Incident happened on 16 September when Mr Obama visited the CDC in Atlanta. Gun was found when the man was questioned by agents after taking a video of the president. He was immediately sacked by his supervisors, who arrived on the scene shortly after. Incident contravened protocol that only
"Mae Arfon Roberts yn cyflogi wyth o bobl yn ei garej Bryn Eira ar gyrion y pentref. Wrth siarad gyda'r Post Cynta ar BBC Radio Cymru, mae'
Shwe Mann was sacked from the Union Solidarity and Development Party. He has been rumoured to be discussing an alliance with Aung San Suu Kyi. They met for an hour on Monday in the country's capital, Naypyidaw.
Police probed reports hounds filled a street in Macclesfield, Cheshire, and allegedly killed a fox. CPS said there was not enough evidence to prove the animal's death was caused deliberately. Lesley Martin from Cheshire Monitors said "the law needs to be strengthened"
Boehner's latest crying bout came on Thursday as he watched Pope Francis address Congress. Other notable times he cried include when he became House Speaker, during Congressional Gold Medal ceremonies, at the unveiling of statues and even during an interview with the Golf Channel.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi's Silicon Valley visit was greeted by 20,000 expats on Sunday. His visit comes at a time when Indian and Indian-American success in Silicon Valley is formidable. Some 26% of tech companies in the US are founded or run by Indians and Indian Americans.
Retailer has been criticised over working conditions. Half-year pre-tax profits fell 25% to Â£140.2m. Chief executive Mike Ashley said the past six months had been "tough for our people"
Officials entered a hotel room where members of Cavalia were staying on 14 July. Global Affairs Canada said it is providing consular services to two citizens who were detained in Beijing. Cavalia was created in 2003 by one of the co-founders of Cirque de Soleil.
Adrian 'Jackpot' Lewis won the PDC title in 2011 and 2012. He will be taking part in the new Champions League of Darts competition. Lewis is a Stoke City fan, and went to his first game at the age of six. A correct result (picking a win
US Secretary of State John Kerry says world powers will back Libya's request for exemption. He said it was "imperative" to stop the spread of Islamic State militants in Libya. Libya has been in chaos since Nato-backed forces overthrew long-time ruler Col Muammar
El Pais newspaper published documents it says show payments to leading PP members. Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy and Luis Barcenas strongly deny any wrongdoing. Financial markets slumped earlier this week amid worries about the claims. Mr Rajoy has promised to publish his earnings online.
India and Bangladesh fail to sign accord on sharing river water. No deal granting India overland access across Bangladesh to land-locked north-eastern states. But there was good news for tens of thousands of "stateless border people" Deal allows about 50 Bangladeshi enclaves inside
John Stevenson Wright was jailed for 18 months for sexually abusing Darren Kenny. Wright, 68, abused Mr Kenny as a teenager when he used to sleep over at his parents' pub. He was convicted of gross indecency, indecent assault and inciting a child under 16 to engage in a sexual
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is a free agent at the end of the season. The 34-year-old scored four goals on Sunday as PSG beat Troyes 9-0 to win Ligue 1 title. Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger says he is not interested in signing the Swede
Eleanor Hawkins and three others stripped on Malaysia's Mount Kinabalu. They were jailed for three days, but their sentences were back-dated to reflect time already served. Hawkins' lawyer said she would be freed from police custody later on Friday. She would then fly home to the
Adult comedy took £1.47m in its first week, falling just behind Finding Dory. Suicide Squad dropped one place to third, followed by new entry War Dogs. The top 10 also saw a new entry for horror film The Purge: Election Year.
One in four births in the UK is by C-section, while in Cyprus the figure is 52% and in Sweden 17%. Royal College of Midwives said health systems had a role to play. Caesarean section rates in most EU countries have shown "a continuous rise"
Cheshire East Council will not reveal details of the allegations. Councillor Howard Murray said the suspension was "a neutral act taken in the interests of both the council and chief executive"
London and Manchester will also host legs of the World Grand Prix series in 2017 and 2018 respectively. Steve Flynn, director of GB Taekwondo, said the events would give the sport "a chance to drive real growth" The bid team is also discussing the possibility of hosting the World Par
Atletico Madrid appoint Argentine coach Diego Simeone as their new manager. Simeone, 44, has led Atletico to a host of trophies since becoming coach in 2011. Atletico won La Liga last season and were runners-up to Real Madrid in the 2014 Champions League final.
Ddydd Mawrth, pleidleisiodd pum aelod o'r cabinet o blaid cau'r ffrwd Gymraeg, gyda dau yn erbyn, ac un yn ymatal. Mae rhieni
14 Welsh players will have to win three qualifying rounds at Ponds Forge in Sheffield. Ryan Day is the only Welshman guaranteed a place in the competition. The World Championship starts at Sheffield's Crucible Theatre on Saturday, 15 April. Jackson Page, 15, and Tyler Rees,
Plane Stupid protest took place on the northern runway at 03:30 BST on Monday. The men and women have been charged with aggravated trespass and entering a security restricted area of an aerodrome. They will appear in court on 19 August.
"The Mooch" is the latest casualty of the Trump White House, and takes the record for the shortest term in a top job. But of course, there is a long line of people behind him who have been fired or eased out of their jobs by President Trump. Here's
Charlton have offered a new contract to goalkeeper Dillon Phillips. Marko Dmitrovic, Alou Diarra and Callum Harriott have also signed new deals. Zak Ansah, Alex Kelly, Ayo Obileye, Josh Staunton and Joe Pigott will also leave the
Darren Heath, 45, from Taynton, was sentenced to three years and nine months. He pleaded guilty to five counts of misconduct in public office between 2002 and 2012. Gloucestershire Police believe there may be more victims of Heath's misconduct. Judge described his behaviour as
Fleetwood Mac will close Isle of Wight Festival on Sunday 14 June. Festival organiser John Giddings says it's the best news he's had in a long while. He has been asking them to perform at the festival for the last seven years. Giddings
Anatoly Kucherena told reporters his client would remain in the transit zone at Moscow's Sheremetyevo airport, where he has been for the past month. The US wants him extradited for leaking details of surveillance programmes. Russian President Vladimir Putin has refused to hand him
Money managed Walsall, Luton Town and Cambridge United between 2006 and 2015. The 61-year-old joined the Canaries from Atlanta United in December 2016. "Watching [head coach] Daniel Farke has rekindled my appetite for management," Money said.
Russian military has sent warplanes, helicopters, tanks, artillery guns, armoured personnel carriers and 200 marines to Latakia airfield. Israel has periodically struck inside Syria against militants it says have been plotting attacks against it. It has also responded to shellfire from forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al
Boy saw his father's boat capsize on the River Wey in Guildford at about 13:10 BST. He jumped into the fast-flowing river to try to save him but members of the public shouted to come back. Flood warning is in place for parts of the River
Seven soldiers took part in the mission to assassinate Nazi police chief Reinhard Heydrich. They were based in Leamington Spa, Warwickshire, where the fountain is in Jephson Gardens. Their story was recently made into a film starring Cillian Murphy and Jamie Dorn
Hull 2017 Culture Company says fundraising has exceeded its public target of £18m. The full programme of events is to be announced next week. Martin Green, of Hull 2017, said the money was "a massive vote of confidence" in the city.
South Yorkshire Police suspends chief constable David Crompton. Police and Crime Commissioner Dr Alan Billings said he had no choice but to act. Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham said 'those responsible must be held to account' Mr Crompton was due to retire in November after four years
Serbia says it will limit migrant passage to those seeking asylum in Austria or Germany only. Austria has become a major transit country for migrants seeking to claim asylum in Germany. More than one million refugees and other migrants entered the EU clandestinely last year.
Dutch investigators say they have found missile parts possibly from a Buk surface-to-air system. They say they are "of particular interest" and could help show who was behind the crash of MH17. But they insist they have not proved their "causal connection" with the crash.
Michael Smith was a youth worker for Pembrokeshire council between 2001 and 2012. He was the subject of three disciplinary hearings during that time. Allegations included allowing a child to sit on his lap and drive his Land Rover. Smith was jailed for six years in July 2014
Erin Cross, from Chester, received gene editing therapy in the USA. A Â£100,000 appeal raised the cash to pay for the treatment. Doctors have told her parents she is now in remission after the therapy.
Fossils date back 140 million years to a time when fires raged across large tracts of land. The specimens were preserved as charcoal within rocks from a quarry in Nova Scotia, Canada. Research suggests the tree's evolution was shaped in the fiery landscape of the Cretaceous.
Councillor Pierre Oxley said Peter Halliday's accusation was 'garbage' Holland Haven-to-Clacton defences will be recharged with 25 groynes. The Conservative-run council last week submitted its application to the Environment Agency.
Chelsea beat Tottenham 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Stamford Bridge. Jose Mourinho was sacked just months after winning the title with Chelsea last season. Chelsea boss Antonio Conte is becoming one of the Premier League's most compelling personalities. The Italian was involved in a heated exchange with fourth
Burnell beat Ferry Weertman in a sprint to the finish at Emirates Palace Bay. The 23-year-old represented Team GB at Rio 2016. Burnell: "I am out there to win every single race I go into"
Ulster Unionists announced they will form an opposition. All 108 MLAs met to sign the roll of membership. 29 newly-elected members did so for the first time. DUP's Robin Newton elected as the new speaker.
Nelson and Rooney join League Two side until the end of the season. Nelson, 19, is yet to make a senior appearance for the Black Cats. Rooney, 20, has played just three times this season but scored twice on debut.
Matty James and Ciaran Clark were sent off in Leicester's 1-0 win over Aston Villa. Both clubs admitted failing to ensure their players conducted themselves in a 'orderly fashion' It is the third time Villa have been found guilty of the offence this season.
The 18-year-old man is still in hospital after the incident at Leicester's West Gate School. The school has suspended three female members of staff over the incident. Police confirmed the women were arrested in connection with allegations of neglect offences. Leicester City Council and the Health and Safety
Emma Croker starts at hooker for the hosts at Twickenham. Ciara Griffin is handed her first Six Nations start at flanker for Ireland. Paula Fitzpatrick moves to number eight and Heather O'Brien to the bench.
Michael McGibbon, 33, died after an attack in an alleyway at Butler Place. Police say his killing carried the hallmarks of a paramilitary murder. The 34-year-old was arrested in Belfast on Sunday.
Woodland Trust said deadfall from Urquhart Bay Wood could explain recent sightings. Trust said the lochside wood was a "Nessie spawning ground" Several reported sightings of Nessie have been made recently. Previous explanations have included circus elephants being exercised in the waters.
UK economy grew by 0.7% in the April to June period, the Office for National Statistics said. That compared with 0.4% growth in the first quarter of the year. Manufacturing output experienced its first fall in two years with output dropping 0.3%. But
Deerness Bridge between Ushaw Moor and New Brancepeth closed for at least a month. Council said signed diversions were in place and buses were being used for alternative routes.
Leopold is the first-choice goalkeeper for Mauritius Professional Football League champions team ASPL 2000. He was also reserve goalkeeper for the national team during the last Africa Cup of Nations qualifying campaign. Anti-Drug Smuggling Unit searched the 27-year-old's home in Port Louis
Hamilton was initially stuck behind Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel but switched to a different strategy to get ahead. The German was third ahead of Williams' Valtteri Bottas and Kimi Raikkonen. Rosberg has reduced Hamilton's lead in the championship to 20 points. Vettel
Hirst is the UK's richest living artist, worth Â£215m according to Sunday Times Rich List. Penguin Books promises to push book in same 'radical' way as Morrissey's autobiography. Journalist James Fox will ghostwrite the artist's memoirs.
The Dons have planning permission for a site at Loirston Loch. The move was put on hold when plans for an adjacent training academy were turned down. Annual report showed a Â£1.4m loss for the year to June.
Susie, a 12-year-old collie and Jilly, a 10-year old cairn terrier, taken in by Snowdonia Animal Sanctuary. They were taken in after Jennifer Taylor, 72, was killed in a crash near Betws-Y-Coed.
Thomas Hunter, 58, was arrested after the crash on the A34 in Oxford. Isla Wiggin, who was in another car, died in hospital on 27 August. Mr Hunter has been released on bail to appear at Oxford Magistrates' Court.
Woman, believed to be Lithuanian, was struck by a car on the A38 near Burton-upon-Trent. She was airlifted to hospital in cardiac arrest with head, chest and pelvic injuries, but later died. Johnathon Allison, of Colman Street, Hull,
The 22-year-old won the BBC's Women's Footballer of the Year Award in 2015. She helped Arsenal win the Women's FA Cup at Wembley in May 2016.
Total Fitness bosses say they were sorry difficulties over a lease caused them to leave. But now they are working on reopening the facilities in April. Facilities include three pools, family workout area and a cafe.
The 87-year-old Italian maestro has scored The Hateful Eight for Quentin Tarantino. It is the first time the composer has scored a Western since Sergio Leone's The Good, The Bad and The Ugly. Morricone says he was flattered that his music could be
James Ellington and CJ Ujah finish second and third in 100m final. Asha Philip wins her third British 100m title to join him in the GB team for Rio. Tiffany Porter beats her younger sister Cindy Ofili in the 100m hurdles.
Australian Council of Social Service: More than 730,000 youngsters are trapped by disadvantage. Research suggests about 13% of the population - or three million people - are living below the breadline. Jessica Russell, 25, relies on weekly welfare payments of A$545 (Â£338)
French-based Sanofi closed its drug manufacturing site in Fawdon in 2015. Now, Accord Healthcare is to use the plant for its pharmaceutical production. Firm is confident the investment will have an 'extremely positive' impact on the area.
Bates has been Tigers promoter for three years. He has taken full control of the Lions and will work alongside co-promoter David Darcy. Lions endured a miserable season last time out and finished bottom of the Elite League.
Police called to Derwent Works, Matlock Road, Ambergate, at about 20:00 BST. Man, believed to be 19, was later confirmed dead in hospital. Police do not believe there are any suspicious circumstances surrounding the death.
The 30-year-old is to remain at the hospital following the completion of a psychiatric report. Belfast Magistrates' Court was told she would not be able to leave without the hospital's permission. A press challenge to the temporary reporting restrictions is due to be heard next month.
Basil McAfee was found dead by his mother at his home in north Belfast. The 50-year-old had been stabbed a number of times and sustained head wounds. Police said he "suffered a violent death" and believe his killer used an axe and large knife. They
Jimmy Mubenga, 46, fell ill and collapsed on a British Airways plane bound for Angola. Commons' Home Affairs Committee said UKBA should challenge unacceptable behaviour. UKBA said that all private security escorts are trained in approved restraint techniques.
Johanna Amunjela is a PhD scholar at the University of Aberdeen. She is among the first in the world to investigate the role that specific proteins have in how the disease develops.
Trial on 4,685 people in 35 countries, organised by the US National Institutes of Health, compared this approach with immediate treatment. Interim analysis of data showed that cases of Aids, deaths and complications, such as kidney or liver disease, had already been halved by early treatment.
McAllister joins Carrick from Crewe United. The 29-year-old is Carrick's eighth signing of the window. Carrick face Ballinamallard United in the Irish Premiership on Friday night.
Proposals allow farmers to clear drainage ditches without asking permission. Farmers had complained that the Environment Agency was micro-managing flood control. Academics say diverting water off farmland could increase floods where people live.
Laurence Shahlaei is the first Englishman to win the title in 27 years. The 32-year-old is nicknamed "Big Loz" and is 6ft 2in tall and weighs 22 stone. He ran 20m (65ft) with a Volkswagen Beetle on his
In 2016, there were 5,826 reported cases of holiday booking fraud in the UK. Holidaymakers lost an average of Â£7.2 million in total, an average Â£1,200 per person. Most common scams involved plane tickets, online accommodation bookings
Ofsted chief inspector Sir Michael Wilshaw has written to Nicky Morgan with the findings of inspections of 15 Muslim and seven Christian schools. Inspectors found that nine of these schools were inadequate. Previous checks of these private faith schools had been carried out by the Bridge Schools Inspectorate.
Worcestershire to re-sign batsman Mitch Santner. Santner broke his finger in only his second game for the county in 2016. The 24-year-old will rejoin the Rapids following June's ICC Trophy in England.
West Ham will work in unison with the ladies' team. Vice-chairman Karren Brady said the club are committed to equality. The Hammers were accused of sex discrimination by the club's chairman.
Acting Up report looked at what more could be done to encourage young people to consider a career in the arts. Former Coronation Street actress Tracy Brabin said there was a "diversity crisis on our stages and screens" Government said it was a 'priority' to ensure everyone can
Charlie Austin put Southampton ahead with a penalty after Shane Long was fouled. Jake Hesketh doubled the home side's lead with his first goal for the club. Southampton are through to the Capital One Cup quarter-finals.
O'Leary had taken the claim to Fifa following his dismissal in April 2011. Al Ahli also argued that Fifa lacked jurisdiction to hear the claim. The 55-year-old has been awarded the full sum due under his contract.
Seven ex-News of the World staff accused of conspiracy to access voicemails. Private investigator Glenn Mulcaire, facing four counts relating to specific people, was also at the Old Bailey. Provisional trial date set for 9 September next year and all defendants were released on bail.
All 26 are accused of evading tests but say there was an administrative error. They will face trials at the Italian Olympic Committee's anti-doping court. Five of the 26 athletes have already qualified for next year's Olympic Games.
Robert McNaughton, 51, from Halesowen, set up fake Facebook accounts to troll the woman. West Midlands Police said he was 'hell bent' on destroying her life after she spurned his attempts. McNaughton was convicted after a trial of conspiracy to commit criminal damage
Olympiakos midfielder was abducted at gunpoint in his home town of Ciudad Victoria. Pulido, 25, cut his wrist when he punched a glass pane on a door as he tried to escape. A 38-year-old man has been arrested and confessed to belonging
Marc Pugh scores winner for Bournemouth on his first league start of the season. Leicester City's poor away form continues with just one point from first eight away games. Cherries move up to eighth in the table, five points better than they were at the same stage last
Sepp Blatter and Jerome Valcke have been suspended along with Michel Platini. French FA wants Court of Arbitration for Sport to intervene to ensure Platini can stand for election. Fifa will hold emergency meeting on 20 October in Zurich to discuss presidential election.
Monarch said it was 'trading well' despite a difficult period for the industry. It added that a significant investment would be announced in the coming days. The airline's CAA licence is due to expire at the end of the week. Monarch is in talks with the Civil
Cotswold District Council wants to form a unity authority with West Oxfordshire. CDC leader Lynden Stowe has said Gloucestershire's 'historic borders' would remain. But PCC Martin Surl said he had taken legal advice on the 'Coxit' proposal.
Wolverhampton City Council said in 2014 it faced prospect of 'becoming insolvent' Labour-run authority said it would have to make'very deep and very fast cuts' by 2019. Council said scale of cuts it would need to make by 2019 had risen to £134m
Goldman hopes the move will allow it to find students who do not attend top-tier US universities. Each year the bank hires about 2,500 students as both summer and full-time analysts. The bank recruits from 400 colleges and universities globally and 225 in the US.
Roberto Firmino, Adam Lallana, Sadio Mane and Daniel Sturridge score for Liverpool. Jamie Vardy gives Leicester hope with an unguarded goal. Lucas miscontrolled a simple pass from Simon Mignolet and played the ball across goal to Vardy, who
Gloucester will face either Stade Francais or Bath in the final in Edinburgh on May 12. Fly-half Billy Burns was the Premiership side's hero, scoring all 16 of their points. Scotland captain Greig Laidlaw made his return from injury from the replacements bench.
Pastafarians believe the world was created by an airborne spaghetti and meatballs-based being. New Zealand officials last month designated the religion as an officially-recognised faith. Pastafarian Karen Martyn carried out her inaugural wedding as an ordained "ministeroni" on Saturday.
Members of Russian intelligence agency allegedly conspired with hackers. 30 million Yahoo accounts commandeered without authorisation for spam campaign. Hacking directed at Russian and US government officials, including security, diplomatic and military personnel. U.S. does not have extradition treaty with Russia.
BBC Radio 5 live found football ticket-touting laws are being flouted. Some ticketing websites have deals with clubs but others could be "duping" customers. Society of Ticket Agents & Retailers warns online trade allows unscrupulous firms to "dupe unsuspecting ticket buyers"
30 gigabytes' worth of stolen data appears to include nearly 200,000 emails belonging to Ashley Madison CEO Noel Biderman. Security firm TrustedSec has published a blog in which it verifies the basic details of the email data. Some experts have decided not to view the contents of
Population of Northern Ireland is projected to reach two million by mid-2034. Largest rise predicted for Armagh City, Banbridge and Craigavon and Derry City and Strabane. Report also assumes that the level of migration to Northern Ireland will continue to be low.
Conor Thomas scored in the 94th minute to give Swindon Town victory. Swindon stay in the play-off places while Millwall remain in the relegation zone. Lee Gregory opened the scoring for Millwall in the fifth minute.
Chris May, 28, was last seen at his home in Kelvedon, Essex, on 25 May. His Volkswagen Golf was found abandoned in the village of Fairstead. Police received a letter in June, sent in the post, saying Mr May was dead. Charity Missing People is
Lorry and its cargo end up in ditch on A713 in Dumfries and Galloway.
Stanford University team repurposed software developed by Google to spot skin cancer. It was shown 129,450 photographs and told what type of skin condition it was looking at in each one. Cancer Research UK said it could become a useful tool for doctors.
David De Gea has been linked with a move to Real Madrid this summer. Manchester United boss Louis van Gaal says he is not the same goalkeeper he was last season. Angel Di Maria has written an open letter to United fans following his £44.3m move to PSG.
Carlisle's Mercedes was stopped by police after it almost hit a lorry in December. The 35-year-old refused to give a breath sample and demanded to speak to his solicitor. He admitted failing to provide a sample to police and driving otherwise than in accordance with a licence.
Severe flood warning - meaning danger to life - was removed from A361 on 10 March. Residents in the area saw their homes cut off and experienced long diversions. Somerset County Council said temporary traffic lights will be installed to protect the carriageway.
The female was found in the Llandovery area last month, struggling with a fever and dehydration. She was rehabilitated by RSPCA staff at a specialist wildlife facility in Taunton, Somerset.
O'Donnell said her chest began to ache last week and she became nauseous and feverish. She visited a cardiologist the next day, who inserted a stent into an artery that was blocked. The star said she did not call the emergency services.
VJ Day Choral Evensong was held at Portsmouth Cathedral on Sunday. The event included readings from Burma veterans and a performance from the Portsmouth Military Wives Choir. Wreaths were laid at the war memorial, including one placed by the Lord Mayor of Portsmouth.
Kuba Moczyk, 22, died in hospital after unlicensed fight in Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. A memorial mass has been held at St Mary's Church in the town. Father Philip Shryane told congregation he was a 'good man' whose 'life was boxing'
Burials were held for 33 of the 84 people whose bodies have been recovered. Thousands of people gathered in the square outside the town's main church to pay their respects. Rescue workers are still searching the local river for victims.
Inflation is among the highest in the world, there are long queues for basic goods. Politicians on both sides are so hostile to each other, a political solution remains remote. Etched into Cuba's collective memory is its infamous Special Period, after the collapse of the Soviet Union.
The Ayrton Light, located above the Great Bell - known as Big Ben - needs to be fully dismantled and restored. Installed in 1885, it was previously turned off only during both world wars. Big Ben will not chime regularly until 2021 because of repairs to the tower.
Sergio Ramos heads last-minute equaliser as Barcelona draw 1-1 at home to Real Madrid. Luis Suarez had opened the scoring for Barcelona before Sergio Ramos equalised. Barca remain six points off La Liga leaders Real at the top of the table.
League Against Cruel Sports filmed Jedforest Hunt in February 2016. Investigators said they saw no gunmen and heard no shots. However, Malcolm Henderson told a court he had been there with a shotgun. John Clive Richardson and his son Johnny Riley deny deliberately hunting a fox.
Jason Alexander, 39, used a company credit card to buy almost £91,000 of iPads, phones and computers. Alexander, of Griffithstown, Torfaen, admitted fraud and was jailed for two years in January. But at Cardiff Crown Court on Thursday, a judge ordered him to pay back
Russia's economy shrank 2% in the first quarter of 2015, the rouble has plunged, inflation has soared and the number of people living below the poverty line has risen. Russia's trade minister, Denis Manturov, insists it's the oil price that's hurt Russia's economy,
Nick Dunn, 28, from Northumberland, was one of six Britons accused of illegally possessing weapons. They were arrested in October 2013 while working on a ship providing anti-piracy protection. Their case was due to be heard later, but has now been adjourned to 22 April.
2,818.9 whole-time equivalent (WTE) posts were unfilled at the end of March, up 27.5%. Royal College of Nursing said the current situation threatened patient care. NHS spent Â£8.4m more on nursing and midw
Woman tells jury she saw Mark Piper being violent with his other child in 2012. Incident happened in living room of Mr Piper's Chelmsley Wood home after he banned the youngster from playing on a games console, she said. "He punched him in his stomach at the same time on
HMS Coventry took a direct hit during the Falklands War on 25 May 1982. 19 sailors were killed and 30 injured when the Type 42 destroyer sank in just 20 minutes. Clive Gale was part of a 39-strong Royal Navy team which carried out dives on sunken ships.
Wales's first commercial tidal energy farm is due to launch off Anglesey in summer 2016. Its electricity generators will operate like wind turbines but with blades driven by tidal wave action. First Minister Carwyn Jones said the benefits could be significant in terms of the economy.
AP McCoy came third on 5-2 favourite Box Office in his final race. McCoy, 40, had earlier finished third on Mr Mole in Celebration Chase. He has ridden in more than 16,000 races and suffered an estimated 1,000 falls.
The EU has ruled that airlines must pay compensation for delayed flights. Four airlines in the UK have made applications to delay payments: Jet2, Thomas Cook, Ryanair and WizzAir. Jet2 argued the compensation payments should be delayed pending the outcome of a similar case in the Netherlands.
Allegations dominated the news during an EU summit last month. Ms Merkel said the NSA affair was putting EU-US trade talks to the test. She said Germany's relations with the US "are of paramount importance" The scale of NSA surveillance in Germany is not clear.
Swansea beat Reading 2-0 at the Liberty Stadium in the Premier League. Adam King scored either side of the break in the victory. The Swans' development side won the league title in March.
John Glen, Conservative MP for Salisbury, said a tunnel was the only "realistic solution" The road, which runs from Hampshire to Devon, has become the "devil's highway" English Heritage, the National Trust and the Council for British Archaeology said Stonehenge would be
Winners of the Labour leadership election will be announced on Saturday. London Mayor hopeful David Lammy says 20% of his supporters did not receive their ballot papers in time. Liz Kendall says she may have been 'too blunt' at times in closing speech. Labour's new deputy leader
Osborne said he had no plans to cut income tax by 5% for those earning over £150,000. But he refused to rule out the move, saying: 'You can judge us by what we say we want to do' Ed Balls, Labour's shadow chancellor, criticised Mr
Rohingya are impoverished, virtually stateless and have been fleeing Myanmar in droves. Tens of thousands have fled to Bangladesh amid a military crackdown on insurgents in Myanmar's western Rakhine state. They have told horrifying stories of rapes, killings and house burnings, which the government
Just 40,100 families will pay any IHT at all in 2016/17, according to the OBR. That's around 8% of estates, but that number is set to rise over the next few years. George Osborne has finally been able to make changes to IHT that were
Stocktrade is being transferred to the Dundee-headquartered firm for £14m in cash. Its most recent annual revenue was £9m, with £1.3m in pre-tax profit. Last September, Stocktrade had £4.3bn of assets under management. The
New languages include Afaan Oromo, Amharic, Gujarati, Igbo, Korean, Marathi, Pidgin, Punjabi, Telugu, Tigrinya, and Yoruba. The first new services are expected to launch in 2017. Lord Hall has set
John Smith, 41, from Connah's Quay, Deeside, staged seven collisions in Chester allowing more than 200 people to make false personal injury claims. Ten other people were also found guilty at Manchester Crown Court for their part in the plot which police say could have totalled more than £1
JP Nadeau was reportedly struck by lightning mid-sentence in his apple orchard in New Brunswick, Canada. "Just as I told my new son-in-law 'You're a lucky guy' - Boom!" he said. Aside from a small scar on his thumb, Mr N
Study questioned 715 parents of children under three years old. 75% of toddlers used a touchscreen on a daily basis. Children who did play with touchscreens slept less at night and more in the day. Experts say the study is timely but parents should not lose sleep over it.
Laurence May, 22, has made 69 appearances for the Penzance-based side. Moyle, 24, can play at full-back, wing or fly-half and made his Pirates debut in 2012. Pope, 26, can also play on the wing and joined the Championship
Woman, 18, and front seat passenger, also 18, pronounced dead at scene. Third 18-year-old woman flown by air ambulance to hospital in 'critical' condition. Ford Transit van driver, 51, in serious but stable condition after crash near Bootle.
Conwy council said ministers will need to provide funding if practice is to become mandatory. A grant of Â£1.25m was provided in 2013 to encourage authorities to install equipment in chambers. 18 out of 22 local authorities are broadcasting their council meetings to some extent. Welsh
Christian Wade and Beale score tries for Wasps. Tom Homer's penalty was the only reply from Bath. Both sides occupy places in the top four in the Six Nations.
Nikki is also a vlogger and spends a lot of time on the internet. She talks to Ricky Martin about how she stays safe online.
West Ham striker is alleged to have driven with too many people to fit a baby seat in. Snodgrass, 29, was not at the city's Justice of the Peace Court when the case called. Defence lawyer Martin Black told the court "he didn't think he had to be
Most of the 74 passengers on board the flight to Djibouti were transferred from Turkish Airlines. No group has said it carried out the bombing but al-Shabab, part of al-Qaeda, is based in Somalia. Daallo Airlines flies regularly from its base in Dubai to
Mauricio Macri defeated Peronist candidate Daniel Scioli in Argentina's presidential election. Argentina has been ruled by Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner for the past eight years. Macri has promised to be a "president for all Argentines" He has vowed to
Donald Lock, 79, was attacked on the A24 at Findon, near Worthing last July. Matthew Daley, 35, denies murder but has admitted attacking the retired solicitor. Mrs Daley told the court her son had many debts and the recent breakdown of his relationship with his girlfriend
140-year-old structure was almost completely destroyed by fire in October 2010. Charity behind the restoration said investors would have a say in the pier's future. The shares will go on sale on Saturday through a community shares website.
Microsoft read blogger's emails in order to identify an employee suspected of leaking information. Firm said it took "extraordinary actions in this case" Search was legal but has led to renewed focus on privacy violations of technology firms. Microsoft owns Hotmail, a free email service now called Outlook
Plaid Cymru's economy spokesman Adam Price described conditions for rail passengers as a 'national crisis' Mr Skates has accused Network Rail of a lack of investment in clearing leaves this autumn. He believes this has led to over-crowding and reduced punctuality of services.
The 60-year-old was a passenger in a car that was involved in a collision with a van. The crash happened on the Foreglen Road in Claudy at about 16:00 BST on Tuesday. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.
Student leaders have hailed a 'victory' for their 'Rhodes Must Fall' campaign. Vice-chancellor Max Price has backed calls for the statue to be permanently removed. He says a final decision will be brought forward to a special meeting next week. The statue of Cecil
Newport County are tenants at Rodney Parade. Rugby teams Newport Gwent Dragons and Newport RFC also use the ground. Exiles have had two games abandoned at half-time.
Education Minister Huw Lewis hails'strong performance' of Welsh pupils. But opposition parties say it is a'reality check' and Wales has come up short. Wales lags behind the north east of England (67.2%) and the north west (68.6%)
Castle Donington Airport opened on 2 April 1965 as a decommissioned RAF base. An estimated 95m passengers have passed through the airport since then. The first destination on offer was Glasgow but it now flies to more than 70 locations. It is the busiest cargo airport in the UK
The list was published in Madrid as part of Operation Captura. It includes ex-soldier Shane Walford who was jailed in 2010 for the manslaughter of an off-duty fireman. Mohammed Jahangir Alam, 32, was sentenced to 14 years in his absence for rape
The 27-year-old was caught on camera apparently swearing at Murray's semi-final opponent Tomas Berdych's team. Murray had defended Sears, saying: "In the heat of the moment, you can say stuff that you regret" Sears made light of the issue for the final
Dozens of people from France and Jersey visit the reefs each summer. Jersey's Environment Department said the reefs were 'ecologically important'
Prisons minister Jeremy Wright says local names are "generally avoided as most local people object" He said it was likely people would be invited to propose names for the Â£212m prison. Work is expected to start in August, creating up to 1,000 jobs, to
Former Stevenage and Fleetwood defender signs one-year deal with Cambridge. The 33-year-old made 52 league starts for Rovers over the past two years. Cambridge chief executive Jez George describes Roberts as an 'absolute professional' Forest Green confirm the departure of midfielder Rob
A 32-year-old man got into difficulties in the water near Carlisle. The man had just rescued a young girl from the river, Cumbria Police said. Divers and rescue crews were involved in the search, along with the coastguard.
The boy, named locally as Reggie, was attacked at a house in Falkland Road, Northumbria. He was taken to hospital where he later died from his injuries. A 30-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident. Police said the family's dog
Jamie Toland told police he woke up to find the animal gnawing at his ankle tag. But the High Court in Belfast was told there were "no signs" of teeth marks. Bail was refused after the judge said the explanations tested "the court's ability to accept what he
Tata announced it would sell its loss-making UK operations. Former business secretary said offer is "quite close" to what he would have offered. Sir Vince said it showed a commitment to south Wales and the steel industry. But he said there were still "a lot of hurdles to overcome
Connor Hammer, 22, refused service at McDonald's drive-thru in Pilsworth. He said he would be protesting until the matter was sorted out. McDonald's said it "respected his right to protest" but drive-through was only for motor vehicles.
Former Barcelona B striker Sanabria scored his fourth goal in two games. Alvaro Negredo missed three chances to equalise for Valencia. Neville is still waiting for a first league win since taking charge in December.
Dorothy Stang, 73, campaigned for 30 years to save rainforest from the interests of wealthy landlords. She was shot six times after trying to block Moura's attempts to seize land in 2005. Moura was convicted in 2007 and 2010 in verdicts that were subsequently overturned
Researchers strictly controlled the diets of 19 people so they all had exactly the same calorie intake. Results showed 67% more fat was lost on a low-fat diet than low-carb one. But experts questioned which diets people could stick to in real life.
HMP Hewell in Worcestershire was highlighted by HM Inspectorate of Prisons last year. Inspectors said there had been one murder and six suicides since their last visit. The jail said progress had been "slow" but there was a "solid foundation"
Laura Muir one of six Scots in 31-strong British Athletics team heading to Belgrade. Olympians Eilidh Doyle and Steph Twell will also feature on the track in Serbia. 800m runner Guy Learmonth and high jumper Allan Smith also in the squad.
Labour said it would use funds from a tax on expensive UK homes for 1,000 extra medical staff. Tories said Wales was the only part of the UK where health spending had been cut. Despite being a devolved issue, the NHS has featured prominently in the election campaign.
Borders hospitals spent £3.18 per day per patient on meals and snacks. NHS Grampian spent 94p for each of the two main meals and £1.62 for snacks and drinks. 12 out of 14 health boards importing chicken from Thailand and carrots from Belgium.
US tech giant sold 74.8 million iPhones in its fiscal first quarter, compared with 74.5 million a year ago. Apple said revenue for the next quarter would be between $50bn (Â£34bn; â‚¬46bn) and $53bn.
Mr Sarao traded from his parents' home in Hounslow, west London. He is accused of market manipulation that caused a 1,000-point fall on the US Dow Jones index. US prosecutors allege he made about $875,000 (Â£600,000) from the
Britain will face Argentina in the semi-finals of the 2014 Wimbledon Championships. The winner will face either France or Croatia in the final in November. Leon Smith's team beat the USA and Australia at the same venue last year.
Incident happened as Ms Bishop was travelling to the United Nations in New York. The female airport worker who carried out the screening was found to have not adhered to "standard security screening procedures" but was reinstated after receiving training. It later emerged that Deputy Prime Minister Warren Truss had asked
Incident happened at Edenderry Industrial Estate on the Crumlin Road on Wednesday afternoon. A man was taken to hospital with minor injuries. The Health and Safety Executive is investigating.
Stephen Beattie worked for Northumbria, Staffordshire and Cleveland forces. More than 350 of his cases, including suspicious deaths and arsons, have been reviewed. Crown Prosecution Service has said no criminal charges will be brought.
The 30-year-old played for Somerset in 2011 and helped them reach the final of the domestic T20 competition and the Champions League semi-finals. Van der Nerwe previously played under Somerset director of cricket Matthew Maynard in the Caribbean Premier League, for St Lucia Zouks.
More than 3,600 firefighters are battling the King fire, 60 miles east of Sacramento. The blaze has consumed wide swathes of timber in Eldorado National Forest. Further north, a blaze destroyed parts of the town of Weed, burning 110 homes.
Vert Rotors was founded by Olly Dmitriev in 2013. It produces ultra compact low-vibration gas compressors. Funding will be used to increase capacity at Vert's manufacturing facility.
New polymer £5 note is slightly smaller than its paper predecessor. It will be available in branches before becoming more widely available across Scotland. Bank of Scotland also plans to replace its £10 paper note with a polymer version next year. Polymer notes are said to be cleaner and more resilient
Boro remain second behind Burnley and ahead of Brighton on goal difference. Ipswich keeper Bartosz Bialkowski made fine saves to keep Stewart Downing and Jordan Rhodes out before the break. Boro's 22nd Championship clean sheet of the season was enough to extend their unbeaten run
Court of Arbitration for Sport (Cas) has suspended the International Association of Athletics Federations' "hyperandrogenism" rules for two years. South African 800m sensation Caster Semenya burst onto the scene in 2008. Semenya, 24, returned to racing in 2010 and won
160 kilos of herbal cannabis was discovered in Ashbourne, County Meath. Four men, aged between 25 and 61, were arrested in the "intelligence-led" operation. All four are being questioned on suspicion of drug trafficking offences.
Netanyahu: EU only major power to attach "political" conditions to its relationship with Israel. He was referring to the EU's insistence on terms relating to the Israeli-Palestinian peace process. EU has repeatedly condemned Israel's building of Jewish settlements in the occupied West Bank. Comments made during
Former Cardiff councillor Mohammed Sarul Islam has called for the airport to be renamed. He believes changing the name would generate publicity and act as a memorial. The airport was bought by the Welsh Government for Â£52m in 2013. Previous suggestions include rebranding it the Robert Owen
Penelope Davis, 47, was found dead in Leygreen Farm, Beaulieu, on 2 September. Her body was found by her husband, Pete, who had been tending to her horses. A total of five people have been arrested in connection with the killing. Hampshire
UCI president Brian Cookson led British Cycling for 17 years before becoming president. Phelps report into culture of British Cycling criticised former technical director Shane Sutton and UK Sport. Cookson said Sutton should have been moved away from direct coaching with athletes. UK Anti-Doping is also investigating
Scotland 2015 will be hosted by Sarah Smith. Six politicians from Labour, Lib Dems, SNP, Tories, Greens, UKIP and Greens will take part. Email your questions to Scotland.2015@bbc.co.uk - Please put "election debate" in the message field.
Prime Minister said British media portrayed France as "left-wing and anti-business" He was speaking at the London Guildhall to a group of financiers and executives. Earlier in the day, Mr Valls met David Cameron in Downing Street. Mr Cameron said the two nations were
The fees include the costs of lighting and administration for the first time. Canon Killwick said the right to waive fees in cases of hardship put clergy in the "invidious position" of means testing parishioners. Bishop of Ripon and Leeds said the changes reflected the "reality
Joseph Rowbottom, 27, and Albert Venus, 22, died on 24 May 1915 during the Second Battle of Ypres. Their remains were found during work on a new housing estate. Relatives attended Ypres Town Cemetery where their bodies were reinterred.
Mae gan Gymru a rhannau eraill o'r DU rai cyfraddau goresgyn canser gwaethaf yn y byd datblygedig. Nawr mae cynllun peilot yng Nghwm Cynon a Ch
Mae'r camau wedi eu cynnwys yn y Mesur Diddymu Mawr, sy'n amlinellu sut yn bydd miloedd oddeddfau'r UE yn cael eu diddymu neu e
Network Rail to release land at almost 200 sites for 12,000 new homes by 2020. Sites include an RAF base, barracks, ex-World War Two airfields and a chaplaincy centre. They also include two golf courses at RAF Henlow and Southwick Park in Hampshire.
Wycombe move up to sixth after beating Dagenham & redbridge 2-1. Paul Hayes and Luke Guttridge scored for the hosts. Garry Thompson and Josh Passley were sent off for the visitors.
England beat South Africa by eight wickets to win T20 series 2-1. Dawid Malan scores highest score by an England player on T20 debut. Chris Jordan takes 3-31 and Tom Curran 2-22 to restrict Proteas in chase of 162-7
The panther chameleon was found on Monday by a dog walker in Marl Park. X-rays showed all of its legs were broken and it had a deformed spine. RSPCA Cymru said it was an "extremely sad example of an abandoned and neglected exotic pet"
DF Concerts said improvements include colour-coded zones, better signage and 24-hour dedicated management teams. Stone Roses, Calvin Harris and Red Hot Chili Peppers will headline the main stage. Last year's event, the first at Strathallan in Perthshire, was criticised over traffic
Australian ship Ocean Shield is first investigating a possible third signal elsewhere in the massive search zone. None has been confirmed as coming from the flight recorders of MH370. Meanwhile families of the missing passengers have attended a prayer service in Kuala Lumpur.
Depression Quest is designed as a realistic depiction of depression, rather than a form of treatment. SPARX was tested on hundreds of teenagers and children and reduced symptoms of depression. Hospice worker Lindsay Dobson uses gaming to help young people deal with bereavement and terminal illness.
CNN.co.uk has teamed up with Sportsmail to bring you all the latest breaking news. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts and Instagram @bbcnewsents.
Kieran Innes, of Aberdeen, died after his car crashed on the A90 north of Forfar. He was a coach with Middlefield Wasps FC and ran the club's disability football team. Police Scotland in Tayside renewed an appeal for information.
Henderson signs for Liverpool from Sunderland in a deal believed to be worth £20m. The 20-year-old England international passes a medical and agrees personal terms. Manchester United had been regarded as the long-time favourites to sign the midfielder.
Vaughan joined Blues permanently from Huddersfield in the summer after a loan spell last season. The 28-year-old former Everton, Derby, Leicester and Norwich striker is the Premier League's youngest ever scorer at 16 years and 271 days. He can play against Walsall on
Man collided with a black Vauxhall Insignia on the junction of Wian Street and London Road. He was taken to a hospital in Stoke but has died from his injuries. North Wales Police are investigating the incident and want to speak to witnesses.
AFC Wimbledon have reached agreement with Hollywood studio Fox 2000 for a film. Film will be retold from the club's formation in 2002, when it held trials on Wimbledon Common. American author John Green, who sponsors a stand at the Cherry Red Records Stadium, will co-produ
There are renewed hopes that football can finally gain a toehold in the cricket-loving country. The country is hoping to host the Under-17 World Cup in 2017. India playing in the AFC Asian Cup in 2011 for the first time in more than 20 years. Inter Milan has entered
Swansea came into the match without a win in six games. Jordan Ayew had given Villa the lead before Andre Ayew's late winner. Sigurdsson's 25-yard free-kick got the visitors back on terms. Tim Sherwood was sacked as Villa manager on Sunday
Fanning won his quarter-finals heat on Wednesday after learning of his brother's death. The Australian defeated 11-time world champion Kelly Slater, but fell out of the semi-finals to Brazilian Adriano de Souza. It has not been disclosed how or where Peter Fanning died.
Tour de Yorkshire stage one finishes in Scarborough. Dylan Groenewegen wins in a sprint ahead of Caleb Ewan and Chris Opie. Britain's Adam Blythe finishes eighth on 173km run from Bridlington. Saturday's second stage will start on the bridge in Tad
Greece is struggling with huge debts and it's affecting the lives of many people. Newsround reporter Ricky has been to Athens to meet children and their families.
Man in his 40s arrested on suspicion of having an imitation gun in Brixton. Residents from two blocks of flats evacuated but have since been allowed home. Police were alerted at 06:20 GMT to a man in possession of what looked like a firearm.
The Palestinian delegation wants Fifa to suspend Israel from world football. They complain about how police and army checkpoints restrict freedom of movement. The issue has been raised in previous years but some sort of deal was worked out to prevent it coming to a vote. This time the head of the Palestinian Football
HS2 Ltd, the company behind the rail link from London to northern England, last week said the redevelopment of the station would finish in 2033. Sir Keir Starmer, MP for Holborn and St Pancras, said those living nearby faced "decades of blight" from construction.
Joint venture between Lacuna Developments and Welsh firm Watkin Jones. More than 700 units to be built in development on Donegall Street, Belfast. Plans for more than 4,000 student 'beds' to be developed over next few years.
BFI figures show £1.471bn was spent on UK films in 2014, a 35% increase on 2013. Box office takings were down 2% on the previous year, with 157.5m tickets sold. Paddington and The Inbetweeners 2 took £34.
Two special concerts will be held at the Royal Albert Hall on July 18 and 19. Pupils will perform their own response to 10 pieces of classical music. Each Prom will feature music, as well as dance, film and animation. Blue Peter's Barney Harwood and Dick and Dom
The 22-year-old ran the 200m in 19.95 seconds at the SEC Championships in Tuscaloosa. Mitchell-Blake said his achievement was 'overwhelming' He said he wants to compete for Britain at the Rio Olympics in August.
Guinea finish bottom of Group A after 1-1 draw with England. England advance to last 16 with 1-0 win over South Korea. Guinea had needed a win against Argentina to have any chance of progressing.
Teenagers struck 14 times in less than a month, threatening motorists with knives and a firearm. They have been given sentences of between five years and six months at youth offenders institutions. All six pleaded guilty to conspiracy to rob at Birmingham Crown Court.
John Nelms says a land use application will be submitted for land in Camperdown Park. Nelms and fellow American owner Tim Keyes recently bought 29 acres of land there. Dundee's stadium is less than 400 yards away from rivals Dundee United's Tannad
Serena Williams beats sister Venus in straight sets to win Australian Open final. American regains world number one ranking from Germany's Angelique Kerber. Sees Serena win her 23rd Grand Slam title, passing Steffi Graf's all-time record of 22.
Coronation Street beats EastEnders to TV soap of the year award. Downton Abbey wins best drama over Cilla and Doc Martin. Strictly Come Dancing, Pointless, Silent Witness and Gogglebox also recognised. BBC's Match of the Day honoured with special
Eight council areas around Glasgow will receive £1bn from UK and Scottish governments. They include a new water sports park, railway station and a sliproad from the M77. The City Deal scheme will see Westminster and Holyrood give £500m each in additional grant funding.
Leader Grenville Ham said community-run renewable energy schemes could provide jobs for thousands of people. Green councillors would not be told by party bosses how to vote on issues. The party currently has one Welsh councillor and 50 confirmed candidates.
Fosse Park, near junction 21 of the M1, opened in 1989 and was bought in August for Â£345.5m. Plans are now being prepared to improve parking and traffic congestion and the appearance of units.
Scotland face Afghanistan in a one-day international series starting on Monday. It is their first competitive action since the ICC World T20 in March. The Scots beat Hong Kong to record their first win at a major tournament in 21 attempts. Batsman Coetzer says they need to
Red brick terrace at 9 Newcastle Road, Wavertree, was where member of The Beatles lived from birth, in 1940, until he was five. Auctioneers said a telephone bidder, who wanted to remain anonymous, was the successful buyer after a "bidding war" The three-
The medal belonged to Pte William John Boaden of the 3rd Battalion Devonshire Regiment. It was found in a farmer's field in Porthcawl by a team of metal detecting enthusiasts. Researcher Stephen Lyons tracked down the soldier's family in Tiverton,
John Culshaw, 26, was stabbed to death in Wigan in 1993. His family buried him believing his body was intact. But they were unaware his stomach, liver and other tissues had been retained after two post-mortem examinations until police officers visited them in September last year. Dozens of
The 24-year-old midfielder sustained the injury just 26 days after joining Posh from Crewe. He had an operation on Saturday and is expected to be out until November. McCann also confirmed that Posh had not taken up the option to sign trialist striker Morgan Ferrier.
The Shanghai Composite was down 1.2% to 4,565.25. State-owned investment firm also said it sold shares in the top four banks. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index was down 0.3% to 27,362.82. The Nikkei was
Gareth Davies says regions had 'upped the ante' over the Wales international's contract. The union's offer would have kept the player at the Scarlets. Williams' current contract with the WRU expires next summer.
Contraband had become lodged on the 60ft (18m) roof after attempts to throw it over the prison walls. A prison spokesman said the crane is now being used as a deterrent. Government figures confirmed 290 mobile phones and SIM cards were seized in Altcourse in 2013.
Charles Howden, 64 and Fiona Stanley, 59 both from Newtongrange were killed. Accident happened on the A6094 at Rosewell at about 22:40 on Thursday. Families said they were "much loved by all those whose lives they touched"
Steve Freer and Val Wawrosz founded Tempus Novo to find jobs for ex-prisoners. They pre-interview candidates, ensure they are prepared to do any job. Then they ask the company to give them an interview and treat them like any other applicant.
Rural grave consists of two 10m (33ft) deep pits. Prosecutors say bodies may have been dumped illegally by morgue officials. Morelos is among the worst-affected states in Mexico's drug-related violence.
Amphibians, reptiles and plants are particularly vulnerable to climate change. Tropical species are at higher risk than those in temperate zones. Some animals might be able to move geographically to cope with rising temperatures.
The Â£1.1bn M4 proposal would cross four SSSIs along the Gwent Levels. Welsh Government lawyers argued environmental concerns had to be balanced against other interests. About 105 hectares of designated land would have to be lost.
Rates were held at 0.25%, as expected, after a 7-1 vote by policymakers. FTSE 100 index closed almost flat, up 1.4 points at 7,386.6, helped by a positive performance from mining shares. Pharmaceuticals firm Hikma
Sir Martin Moore-Bick sent the letter late on Thursday following weeks of discussion with survivors. There has been controversy over Sir Martin's suitability for the role and the areas the inquiry will cover. Prime minister will set out the terms of reference for the process in the coming weeks.
German authorities have asked the US ambassador for "swift clarification" The man is said to have been trying to gather details about a parliamentary committee. The NSA was accused of bugging the phone of Chancellor Angela Merkel last year. Germany is particularly sensitive to reports of espionage on its territory.
Wednesday's matinee was curtailed before that evening's show was called off. Theatre representative said the actress playing Matilda was unable to sing the rest of the songs, so would speak the lyrics instead. Thursday's performance will go ahead as scheduled at London's Cambridge Theatre.
Citizens Advice Scotland report criticises poor parking practice in Scotland. Complaints about parking on private land increased 50% on the previous year. Report highlights use of "misleading" private parking tickets and poor signage. Scottish local authorities have regulations on parking infractions.
Anna McMorrin polled 26,081 votes with Tories' Craig Williams on 21,907. Tory Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns narrowly held on to his Vale of Glamorgan seat. In Pontypridd, Owen Smith had more than double the number of votes of Conservative
Eurozone group says reforms are Greece's "best guarantee" to overcome tough economic and social challenges. European markets mixed in morning trading, after Asia had recorded earlier gains. Syriza party, which rejected the bailout terms and came a close second, said it would lead the opposition.
Opec has a history of responding to low oil prices by cutting production. Opec doesn't account for the whole market by a long way. But the group has about 40% of the global market.
Switzerland face Argentina in the World Cup last-16 in Sao Paulo. Argentina are unbeaten in their six previous games against Switzerland. Switzerland striker Mehmedi says his side are not here as a tourist. The 23-year-old says too much is talked about Lionel Messi
David Cameron visited Wales at a time when the Tories are in a strong position. He may not have come at a better time given the challenges he has ahead of him. But it will raise eyebrows that he promoted St Athan during a visit to Wales. It could be seen as a
Crown Office said a report had been received about a 35-year-old man. It happened at the Aberdeen Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay last November. Police described it as "disgraceful"
McAllister, 25, missed most of pre-season after ankle surgery. He is yet to feature for Shrewsbury this season. Jebb, 19, made 21 appearances for the Gunners' under-18 side last term.
Caste on the Menu Card was the only film to be refused clearance. Ministry officials said they were "not provided with adequate information" Documentary was filmed by five students from the Tata Institute of Social Sciences.
Pieces of coloured stone floor from Second Temple found in Israel's Haram al-Sharif. Tiles date from the period of King Herod about 2,000 years ago. The temple was destroyed by the Romans in 70 AD during a Jewish rebellion.
UK food and drink exports rose 8.5% to £10.2bn, helped by the fall in the pound after last year's vote. Whisky remained the top export, while salmon was second, and beer rose to third. Food and Drink Federation warned that without a favourable trade
Six development sides are left in the competition. Wycombe face a 430-mile round trip to Blackpool, while Coventry play Brighton. Luton, winners of the competition in 2009, take on 2012 champions Chesterfield. Mansfield will host the winner of Walsall
Nicole Ferguson pleaded guilty to stealing from Cancer Research UK. The 27-year-old from Derry has been released on bail until her sentencing. Ferguson must co-operate with the probation service and reside at her address.
Credit agency Experian says tenants' details are easier to steal. Identity theft is the most prevalent form of fraud for the first time since the recession. One in six of these cases are young tenants, according to Experian. Wealthy couples are next on the list of victims
James Chadwick was last seen on Monday 31 August. His body was found at an address in Holland Street, Glasgow, on Wednesday. Post-mortem examination revealed he had a number of unexplained injuries. Police are now treating his death as murder and are appealing for information.
Operation Titan was set-up to investigate public order-related incidents since 12 July. The last four years had seen a severe dissident republican threat, but recently there had been an upsurge in activity. Police released the figures at a press conference at PSNI headquarters in Belfast on Monday
David Buchanan, 18, admitted two counts of hacking and one of impairing the operation of or hindering access to a computer. Charges refer to "computer intrusion and damage to network profiles" in July and August 2015. He will be sentenced on 2 August at Guildford Magistrates' Court.
Janet Jordon, 48, her daughter Derrin, aged six, and her partner Philip Howard, 44, were found in a house in Vicarage Road, Didcot, on 23 May. The body of murder suspect, Janet's son 21-year-old Jed Allen, was found
Council tax is not fully funded by council tax, but by grants from Welsh Government. In 2017/18 a total of £4.1bn is being divided among Wales' 22 councils. Council tax gets lower the cheaper a property is, and higher the more expensive.
Collins' collection includes a fringed leather pouch used by Davy Crockett and Jim Bowie's legendary knife. Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson is campaigning for a new historical centre to house Collins' collection. The Grammy and Academy Award winner's collection includes more than 200 items.
Castleford score five tries in 22 minutes to beat Wakefield. Andre Savelio, Luke Gale, Junior Moors, Ryan Hampshire, Jacob Miller, Greg Minikin, Oliver Holmes and Reece Lyne score tries for Tigers. Wakefield's Bill Tupou, Jon
United trail Kilmarnock by five points with six games left to play. Manager Paatelainen does not rule out Hamilton Academical being drawn into relegation battle. United were 13 points adrift at one stage of the season.
5ft-long reptile has become the talk of Pakefield, near Lowestoft. Owner Mike Hamilton said he had tried to entice it down but his iguana was "living the life of Riley" up the tree. The iguana is currently sitting on its tree-
Little Mix, Stormzy, Katy Perry, Bruno Mars and Ed Sheeran among acts performing.
The European Space Agency's Gaia satellite is due for launch in 2012. The satellite will map the positions of more than a billion stars in our galaxy. It will also see hundreds of thousands of new celestial objects, including previously unknown planets. Its billion-pixel camera system will give scientists an
Software engineer Susan Fowler wrote a blog post about her year at Uber. She says her manager tried to have sex with her on her first day at work. But is Uber any more sexist than other tech giants in the Valley? Survey: 60% of women in Silicon Valley experience unwanted sexual advances
Manchester United were due to sign Keylor Navas as part of deal to sell De Gea to Real Madrid. Reports in Spain claim United were responsible for the deal collapsing. United say they have a receipt that proves they submitted the relevant documents in time. It remains to be seen
Three-quarters of UK flights to the US go from Heathrow. There is widespread concern that by tackling one threat, terrorism, the Americans could be fuelling another, even more serious problem. If lithium-ion batteries are damaged or short-circuited they make a hell of a bang.
Files were found on a computer dumped in a rubbish bin, a well-placed source confirmed. Computer also included a final message from one of the airport bombers, Ibrahim el-Bakraoui. Belgian authorities have identified all 32 victims who died on 22 March. Another 94 people are still
Deng Zhengjia, in his 50s, died on Wednesday in Chenzhou City, Hunan. He was hit with a weight from a set of scales after a row erupted with chengguan officials. The row in Linwu county, Chenzhou, erupted after Mr Deng
The 23-year-old made her senior international debut in 2012. Middag scored 15 goals in 94 appearances for Ajax since joining the Dutch club. The former league winner played at last year's Women's World Cup in Canada.
Netherlands striker Van Persie says his eye is undamaged. He had scored the opening goal in Fenerbahce's 3-1 win against Akhisar. TV pictures showed blood coming through a bandage on his left eye. Club doctor Burak Kunduraci
Exeter goalkeeper Bobby Olejnik made a fine save to keep out Jack Marriott's header. Reuben Reid forced Matt Macey into a save at his near post after 15 minutes. After the break, Reid's close-range shot was blocked by Alan Sheehan. The visitors
Unmastered appeared at around 04:00 GMT on all major streaming services. All of the tracks are untitled, save for the date they were recorded. It features a cameo from singer Cee Lo Green and Alicia Keys' son Egypt. Lamar was the most-nominated artist
Sculptures created using 850 truck loads of snow and ice. More than two million people expected to visit the festival.
Head of city centre regeneration to receive 20% pay rise, leading to £75,000 salary. Seven other senior bosses could earn a pay rise of about 7.6%. Taxpayers' Alliance said people want to see lower council tax rates, not large pay rises.
Bill C-210 is backed by the Liberal government and will reach the Senate soon. A similar idea to change the lyrics was rejected in 2010 by Conservatives. Longtime Liberal MP Mauril Belanger started the initiative this time with Bill C- 210. Mr Belanger is sick with ALS
Larry Nassar, 53, is accused by more than 60 former patients and athletes. He is facing separate federal charges for possession of child pornography. A 25-year-old woman testified against him for more than two hours. She detailed how he allegedly molested her during family visits to his home
Alice Wheeldon was found guilty of a poison plot against David Lloyd George in 1917. Her former home is being marked with a plaque in a ceremony organised by Derby Civic Society and the city council. The family claimed an MI5 agent, posing as an objector, embroiled Mrs Whee
David Thomas, 50, and his son Stephen, 17, from Swindon were among those who died. Stephen's mother Julie was rescued from the Leviathan ll. Nigel Hooker, 63, from Southampton, Jack Slater, 76, and Katie Taylor, 29, also died.
Ko shot eight birdies in a final round of 63 to finish on 16 under par. The world number two is 18 years, four months and 20 days old. Ko became the youngest player to reach the top of the world rankings in February.
The 22-year-old has agreed a four-year deal with Gelsenkirchen. Bentaleb moved to the German side on a season-long loan in August. He had made 66 appearances for Spurs since joining as a teenager.
Adam Wilson, of Lostock Hall, Lancashire, was found with serious injuries in September. Jason Taylor, 21, of Westfield, Lostock, denied murder but was found guilty after a trial by jury. Mr Wilson died as a result of catastrophic bleeding from a stab wound in
Norwich City's on-loan striker Tony Andreu denied from the spot. Dundee United reduced to ten men when Lewis Toshney was sent off. Rudi Skacel struck the bar for Raith but neither side could find the net.
Net profit at Germany's biggest lender fell 98% to €20m (£16.7m) Chief executive John Cryan said: "We will need to be yet more ambitious in the timing and intensity of our restructuring" Deutsche Bank's value has nearly halved since the beginning of the
Argos like-for-like sales fell 1.1% in the eight weeks to 27 February, compared to fall of 2.2% in previous quarter. Electrical and homeware retailer is being targeted by both Sainsbury's and Steinhoff. Both companies have until 18 March
Focus on the 'demand-side' of an uprising has lost sight of the'supply-side', writes Andrew Hammond. He says armies control the supply-side of revolution, in which the supply constraint has choked off change. An independent, professional army, no matter how powerful,
Hill was due to be featured singer on Michael Jackson's ill-fated This Is It tour in 2009. Can be seen performing spine-tingling duet with star in posthumous film of rehearsals. She went on to appear on US version of The Voice - where she was
The Gran Fondo was in Plymouth for the first time. The Sky Ride offered families the chance to cycle a 5 mile tour of the city.
Katari Anuradha was shot and stabbed by at least three men wearing burkas. Her husband, who was with her, is in a critical condition with bullet and stab injuries. Attack took place at the Chittoor Municipal Corporation office, where staff tried to stop the attackers.
PC Gareth Browning, 33, was on foot in Whitley, Reading on 30 November. He was hit by a black Mazda Aerosport driven by Luke Haywood, 28. Haywood admitted causing grievous bodily harm with intent and dangerous driving. PC Browning was critically injured and remains
Incident took place as a yacht racing event was being held in the area. The man was brought ashore but died at the scene. A spokesman said there were no apparent suspicious circumstances.
Trimaan Dhillon, a lance corporal in the Army, denies murdering Alice Ruggles, 24. She told police she felt 'terrified' of him days before she was found with her throat cut. Her sister Emma told Newcastle Crown Court that she felt police would
Nottingham Pram Company made pushchairs and perambulators from a factory in the city. All the items, including a Victorian pram made between 1880 and 1885, belonged to John Whitby, who ran the firm for 55 years. The 15 lots sold for £6,700,
Leighton Santos, 22, admitted causing David Hitchen's death through careless driving. He was jailed for six months for causing death by careless driving at Preston Crown Court. Road safety charity Brake said there was a "need to see much tougher sentences when a driver has killed"
Gloucestershire were all out for 260, with Chris Dent scoring 100. Jamie Overton and Tim Groenewald put on 65 for the last wicket to win the match. It is the second highest 10th-wicket stand to win a one-day match in
More than 4,000 cases since 2013 where children have taken explicit pictures of themselves. Durham Constabulary said incidents are dealt with on a case by case basis. Most common age of those involved in sexting is 13 or 14. Greater Manchester Police recorded the highest number of
Robert Boyd-Stevenson, 38, admitted a charge of making a bomb hoax. He texted threats to a phone linked to Bristol Airport on 29 August last year. The airport remained open but raised its security threat level and police were called. Days earlier, the airport had been evacuated in a
Ian Bell and Joe Root both scored 60 and Ben Stokes 42 as England surged further ahead. Mark Wood's unbeaten 32 helped England reach 289 all out to set Australia an improbable 412 to win. Only two teams in Test history have successfully chased that many runs, with Australia's best effort the
Ta'ai joined the Giants from New Zealand Warriors in September 2012. The 29-year-old Tongan was ever-present in the 2016 season. "I am so excited that the club has given me the opportunity to stay," Ta'ai says.
Lenovo and Acer phones have batteries with 4,000 milliamp-hour capacities. Customer surveys have repeatedly highlighted a desire for improved battery life at the top of shopper's most wished for smartphone features. Until now, batteries of this size have been more commonly found in tablets rather than 5
Processed meat includes bacon, sausages, hot dogs, salami, corned beef, beef jerky and ham. Red meat is a darker colour than white meat and includes beef, lamb and pork. Each 50g of processed meat per day increased the risk of cancer by 18%.
Union is against plans for a new grade of on-board supervisor. Govia Thameslink said there would be no job losses or cuts in salary. Members of the union were 306 in favour of walkouts and 14 against.
Mr Black was shot as he drove to work on the M1 in County Armagh on 1 November. He was the first prison officer to be murdered in Northern Ireland in almost 20 years. The new paramilitary group is believed to have been formed from dissident republican organisations.
UK proposal would grant EU migrants who had lived in UK for five years a new "UK settled status" That would allow them to stay in the UK and access health, education and other benefits. Theresa May: UK "does not want anyone here to have to leave, nor does it
Kim bogeyed the 18th hole to finish on 17 under par. She birdied the par-four 18th in the play-off to seal her second LPGA title this season. Wales' Becky Morgan finished tied 16th, with Dame Laura Davies in a share of 43
Rose Morelli, 17, took the photo as part of an art project. She and Alex Elliot chose the image after being moved by the case of US teenager Leelah Alcorn who took her own life in December. Gay rights activist group Arcigay alerted her after she posted it online.
Shauna Coxsey becomes Britain's first bouldering world champion in 17 years. The 24-year-old finishes second behind Slovenia's Janja Garnbret in Chongqing, China. Coxsey won gold in the season-opener in Switzerland earlier in April. Sport
Dairy Crest processes and delivers around 1.3 billion litres of milk a year. The dairies business accounts for about 70% of the company's revenues. Muller said the deal would lead to lower costs and larger exports.
Visa said physical stores saw sales drop at their fastest pace for over five years in May. Overall spending was 08% lower than in 2016, the first fall since September 2013. Spending at hotels and restaurants rose at an annual rate of 3.3% year-on-year.
Bob Walker was struck by sliding doors when he tried to get off the train. Disability charity Scope said families face significant barriers when using public transport. Mr Walker said he suffered a loss of dignity and did not want others to suffer in the same way. Great Western Railway said it was
The fountain was built to celebrate the Queen's accession to the throne in 1952. It is supplied by an underground tank, but had to be switched off due to the hosepipe ban. The council is now paying Â£450 to fill it up again, so that the town looks its
#BritinSpace, #Principia - the name of the six-month mission - and #TimPeake are all trending on Twitter. The former Army helicopter pilot and two fellow crew members will launch to the International Space Station (ISS) on a landmark flight from Baikonur
The 27-year-old Polish man was discovered at a property in Boston, Lincolnshire. Three men, who were arrested on Saturday in Larkspur Croft, were bailed on Monday. Lincolnshire Police said the shooting may have been planned.
Fernando Alonso becomes only man to win three times this season. Lewis Hamilton retires with gearbox damage but will not incur penalty for gearbox change. Red Bull's Sebastian Vettel given 20-second penalty for overtaking Jenson Button. Alonso extends championship lead to 34
Rivers burst their banks, destroying buildings and roads in Fukuoka prefecture. More than 50cm (20in) of rain fell over a 12-hour period on Kyushu island on Wednesday. Rescuers are working through thick mud to try to reach stranded survivors.
Broadcasters are looking for ways to harness this trend to keep viewers engaged. FX UK created a companion app for The Walking Dead that would appeal to viewers. Sons of Anarchy's app has evolved over two seasons, says Magic Ruby's Robert Gekchyan.
Killie defender Waddington and goalkeeper Davies were two of 11 players signed on one day by Killie manager Lee Clark. Both made two appearances for the Scottish Premiership club. Waddington made one start and Davies made one substitute appearance.
Seal wardens on the National Trust reserve at Blakeney Point have recorded 180 more grey seal pups compared to this time last year. Coastal ranger Ajay Tegala said the location is a "fantastic" breeding site as "human disturbance is minimal" Pup
China has between 26 and 28 Hainan gibbons left in the wild. Government records from the 17th Century show gibbons were once widespread across half of the country. The apes began to disappear from the documents about 150 years ago, corresponding with population growth.
VAT rise from 17.5% to 20% is estimated to raise Â£13bn towards reducing deficit. Ministers have said the tax rise is "unavoidable" to reduce the deficit.
Welsh government calls on Westminster to address impact of high energy prices on industry. Warns of deeper problems across a range of industries including basic metals, chemicals and wood. Figures show the so-called foundation industries in Wales have suffered a 39% decline.
The council plans to build at least 830 new homes in the Ancoats area of the city and neighbouring New Islington. It is the first phase of the Manchester Life initiative and the homes will be rented out privately. The plan will need to raise £1bn in the next 10
Liverpool are miles away from mounting another title challenge, says Robbie Savage. They overachieved massively last season, which has raised expectations unrealistically, he says. Brendan Rodgers can be questioned in the transfer market, especially up front. Mario Balotelli, Rickie Lambert and Fab
World number one beats Waters 11-2 11-5 11-4 in just 24 minutes at National Squash Centre. Nick Matthew beats James Willstrop to win his eighth British title. World number three Matthew, 35, lost his first set of the week but recovered to win the final
Jeremy Corbyn's comments about Hitler and anti-Semitism crossed a line. But the problem for the leader doesn't end with that act. Labour has been slow and clumsy in closing down anti-Semitic cases. Public denials that there is even a issue could make it even worse.
The studio did not name a release date for Frozen 2. Shares in parent company Walt Disney were up by almost 4% following the news. Toy-maker Mattel, which currently owns the license to sell Frozen products, saw its shares rise by almost 5%.
Birmingham City and Manchester City will meet in the Women's Champions League final. The match will take place at Wembley on Saturday, 13 May. Birmingham won the trophy at Ashton Gate in 2012, in front of fewer than 9,000 people. Manchester City are yet to win the
North Korea says it fired rocket to place a satellite in orbit. But critics believe the real purpose was to test a ballistic missile. UN Security Council condemns the launch as a'serious violation of the Security Council resolution' US Ambassador to the UN: "There can be no business as usual
Burnley beat Bolton Wanderers 2-1 in their Championship clash at the Macron Stadium. Liam Feeney and Andre Gray scored the goals for the Clarets. The Trotters are seven points adrift of safety with 12 games to play. Burnley are now one point
Lancashire reach 311-8 at the end of day two of their second Test against Nottinghamshire. Stuart Broad takes 3-57, as does fellow paceman Jake Ball. Batsman Liam Livingstone unbeaten on 63 not out at the close of play on day two.
Laura Muir wins one-mile race nine days after winning Diamond League title in Zurich. David Rudisha holds off Ireland's Mark English for victory in the 500m. James Dasaolu wins 100m in photo finish with fellow Briton Chijindu Ujah. Desire
Dorothy Cruickshank was one of six people taken to hospital after the crash. The 66-year-old, from Hatton, was a passenger in a Volkswagen Passat. A statement from her family said: "We'll be lost without her"
Dog poo is dangerous because it contains high levels of bacteria. If it gets into water it can be very bad for bathers' health. Almost 4,500 volunteers took part in survey by The Marine Conservation Society.
The 35-year-old centre-half will be suspended for Chelsea's final two games. Terry is out of contract at the end of the season and has not been offered a new deal. The former England captain joined Chelsea at the age of 14 and has won a host of honours
Final four members of the 'Rathkeale Rovers' gang convicted of conspiracy to burgle. Items including Chinese jade and rhino horn were stolen in Cambridge, Durham, Norwich and Lewes. Gang was brought to justice after a four-year covert national investigation.
Campaigning for the October general election in Tanzania began on Sunday. In Uganda, President Museveni and his National Resistance Movement are getting ready to battle it out with the opposition. Burundi President Pierre Nkurunziza is faced with dangerous tensions stirred up by his recent re
IMF aims to preserve economic stability and to tackle - or ideally prevent - financial crises. Over time, its focus has switched to the developing world. The IMF acts as a lender of last resort, disbursing its foreign exchange reserves for short periods to member nations in difficulties.
Michael Cullen completed the 11-day challenge ahead of Everton's FA Cup semi-final. He has now raised more than £53,000 for the Woodlands Hospice in Liverpool. The Everton fan previously raised £30,000 after swimming the English Channel.
Arsenal beat Aston Villa 1-0 to win the FA Cup final at Wembley. Victory sees the Gunners become the most successful club in FA Cup history. Villa manager Tim Sherwood says his side "came up short" against the Gunner. Sherwood says it is
Glasgow beaten 43-41 by Edinburgh in 1872 Cup final. Warriors win on aggregate after winning the away leg 25-12 on Boxing Day. Head coach Townsend will take over as Scotland coach on Monday. He will name his first Scotland squad for the forthcoming southern hemisphere tour
Fairfield yard was founded in 1864 by William Elder, a talented marine engineer. The yard flourished, building luxurious ocean liners, steamers and naval ships for the world. At its peak before World War 1, the Fairfield shipyard employed 70,000 workers in 19 yards.
Adele Bellis, then 22, lost an ear, is now partially bald and was left with "life-changing" permanent scarring. The attack, at a bus stop in Lowestoft, Suffolk, on 14 August 2014, was ordered by her ex-boyfriend Anthony Riley, 27
Harry Kane scored both goals as Tottenham beat Arsenal 2-1 at White Hart Lane. Arsene Wenger says Harry Kane should be selected for England's next Euro 2016 qualifier. Former England international Jamie Murphy says Kane is one of the best strikers in the world. Kane has scored 22
Top seed was hampered by an ankle knock at the start of the second set. Murray fought back from 5-3 behind to win in straight sets. The Scot now faces eighth seed Gilles Simon of France in the quarter-finals.
Andre Cassagnes came up with the idea for Etch A Sketch in the late 1950s. The toy allows children to draw something and shake it away to start again. Picked up by the Ohio Art Company at a toy fair in 1959, it went on to sell more than 100
Business Secretary Sajid Javid said he would start 'exploring options' to bring in private investors. Green Investment Bank has invested about £2bn of public money in about 50 projects. Critics called the sale'reckless' and questioned government's commitment to low-carbon economy.
The first of six solar boxes was unveiled on Tottenham Court Road this week. The project was the brainchild of two former London School of Economics students. Solarbox can charge up to 100 phones a day, offering a 20% battery boost in 10 minutes. Firms signed up include Tinder
Samsung has shut down its assembly lines following a spate of fires on the Galaxy Note 7. A compensation scheme is being put in place - users will be offered the choice of getting all their money back. Samsung has yet to reveal exactly how many Note 7s it made before pulling the plug on
Chris Denning, 75, admitted the abuse of 11 boys as young as eight. Denning was arrested in a police inquiry into the Walton Hop Disco in Walton-on-Thames, Surrey. He is currently serving a 13-year jail term for sexual assaults against 24 victims.
Nasa is trying to take a picture at every rock Curiosity drills into the surface of Mars. The robot has now been on Mars for three Earth years and is currently in Gale Crater. Scientists want to understand when and how Mars became so barren.
Ann Clwyd criticised Cardiff and Vale University Health Board. She claimed Owen Roberts died "like a battery hen" Results of review show nine of her allegations were entirely upheld. But 17 were rejected, 11 were not upheld due to insufficient evidence. Second independent review is now taking place to examine
Two 19-year-old men have been arrested on suspicion of murder. Teenager died after being stabbed on Stothard Road, Lockleaze, at about 5:50 GMT. Avon and Somerset Police said the men remained in custody and are not looking for anyone else.
Ofsted says it has found evidence of children being taught in squalid conditions in three places in Birmingham which have now closed. Anyone running illegal schools could face a jail term of up to 51 weeks. Sir Michael Wilshaw, Chief Inspector of Schools in England, said his inspectors were visibly shocked by the
Vital vote focused on proposed £140m plan to transform historic Union Terrace Gardens. In a referendum earlier this year, there were 45,301 votes in favour with 41,175 votes against. Callum McCaig, leader of SNP group, had called for the City Garden Project to be
Lt Cdr Malcolm David Wanklyn was born in India but grew up in Dumfries and Galloway. He overcame colour-blindness to pass the selection board at the age of 14 to join the Navy. Rised through the ranks and took command of HMS Upholder in
Judge rejects prosecutors' request to drop charges against Barcelona striker Lionel Messi. Messi and his father Jorge are accused of defrauding Spain of more than €4m (£3.1m; $5m) Lawyers acting for tax authorities demanded 22-month jail sentences for both defendants
Celtic, St Mirren and Partick Thistle will play each other in all-Premiership ties. Rangers host the winner of Hamilton Academical and Dunfermline Athletic. Holders Hibernian or Hearts will host the winners of Clyde and Ayr United.
St Helens Clinical Commissioning Group (CCG) in Merseyside could suspend all non-essential hospital referrals for four months during the winter. The group recognises the move "won't be popular" but is facing a funding gap of Â£12.5m this year.
Gen Petraeus resigned as CIA director in 2012 following an affair with his biographer. He served as a senior officer under Presidents Bush and Obama. Gen Petraeus said he would personally serve under Mr Trump if asked.
Taiwan is leading a movement that has turned traditional Buddhism on its head. The focus now is on what the Taiwanese call "humanistic Buddhism" It returns Buddhists to the core principles of Buddhism - speaking good words, thinking good thoughts and doing good deeds.
Noah's Ark Children's Hospital for Wales has a dedicated outdoor therapy garden. It includes seating areas, a maze and play equipment and has been designed to help children recover from treatment. Part of the garden has a jungle theme with a spray-painted mural and palm trees.
Public Health Wales (PHWales) said breastfeeding does not come easily to all mothers. One in five of those who breastfeed do so for less than a month, research shows. Campaigners said some mothers feel'shamed' into doing so even when babies are going hungry.
Fatima Elomar, 31, was intercepted at Sydney Airport in May last year. Cash, camouflage gear and medical supplies were found in her luggage. She pleaded guilty to supporting incursions into a foreign state with the intention of engaging in hostile activities.
European Commission says nations on the tax blacklist should be sanctioned if appeals for change go unheeded. Plans for a single EU list of "non-cooperative jurisdictions" have been blocked in the past by conflicting national interests. Currently the 28 EU states have different national lists of tax havens
Nigeria international Ambrose joined Celtic from Ashdod in 2012. The 28-year-old has fallen out of favour at Celtic under Brendan Rodgers. He has only made two appearances for the Hoops this season. Ambrose could partner former Celtic team-mate Charlie Mulgrew
Three walkers with dogs were seen 'attacking' the birds with sticks and stones. Arctic terns have an average wingspan of 75-85cm and mate for life. The birds lay one or two eggs in a small space of ground.
Bank of America shares rose 3.3% despite a 19% drop in quarterly profits. Shares of other US banks also rose, with Citigroup climbing 0.5% and Wells Fargo up 1.2%. Netflix plunged 16% in after-hours trading after missing subscriber targets.
MPs to debate stripping Sir Philip of his knighthood on Thursday. BHS collapsed last year with 11,000 jobs lost and a £571m pension deficit. Sir Philip has promised to secure the future of 20,000 BHS pension scheme members. But so far he has
Leone Nakarawa will join Racing Metro in France. Jerry Yanuyanutawa and Tyrone Holmes are also leaving Glasgow Warriors. Kevin Bryce will join Edinburgh from Glasgow Warriors next season.
Patel, 36, took 102 wickets in all formats for the Bears in 2016. The New Zealander took four five-wicket hauls in the Championship. Patel has not played for his country since January 2013.
There has been an overall increase of 53% in the number of women being treated for the disease in the last 20 years. The rise was described as dramatic by Royal Victoria Hospital statisticians. Dr Anna Gavin, who led the research, said the health system needs to prepare itself.
Former field marshal, three generals and six admirals say loss of Harrier jets has damaged Britain's defence capabilities. They say Britain can no longer mount amphibious operations without putting troops' lives at "considerable risk" Defence Secretary Liam Fox has defended the "difficult decisions"
Special ship will drill more than 5000 metres down into the ocean floor to reach the super hot rocks of the planet's crust. Team hope to find out if anything can survive the heat and pressure to live down there.
University of Virginia study shows we are not very good at recreational thought. Half of subjects gave themselves mild electric shocks during 15 minutes of quiet time. Other researchers say the findings are overstated. Study authors say the question of whether people enjoy "just thinking" has been overlooked.
Man and teenager re-arrested on suspicion of offences under Dangerous Dogs Act. Both had been detained on the day of the attack but released later. Girl was attacked in Jenkins Dale area of Chatham on 4 April and is still in hospital with serious injuries.
A man in his 20s was killed when he was hit by a car on the A22 Caterham bypass. Police say he was stabbed at an address on Croydon Road between 22:00 GMT and 22:55 GMT. The stab victim is being treated in hospital.
Taiwanese scientists filmed the jumping ability of Adanson's house spider. Slow-motion footage revealed the spiders used their silk draglines to stabilise and brake. The discovery, the scientists say, could inspire new robot design.
Horstmann, 35, Salvi, 31, and Atkins, 26, have agreed one-year deals. Six team-mates, including Phil Dollman, Michele Campagnaro and Olly Woodburn, signed new deals last week. Exeter are currently second in the Premiership,
Leyton Orient manager Alan Slade says the club will have a new structure this season. Slade says details of the new structure are still to be agreed. The Orient boss says he is willing to work with the new owner and sporting director. Italian businessman Giovanni Becchetti took
The Premier League season got under way this weekend with a number of new signings making their league debuts. Andre Ayew scored a wonder goal for Swansea as they held Chelsea to a 2-2 draw. Dimitri Payet created more chances than any other player in Europe's top five leagues
DUP minister Paul Givan warns 34,000 homes could miss out on Â£91m. Former Irish PM Bertie Ahern says he believes Arlene Foster and Martin McGuinness never gelled in their joint ministerial role. SDLP leader Colum Eastwood says British and Irish governments should
Domino's pre-tax profits were Â£73.16m in 2015, up from ÂÂ£62.1m in 2014. E-commerce sales now account for 77.7% of all UK deliveries and 48.6% of online sales are made using its app
Osbourne has been without a club since leaving Blackpool at the end of last season. The 26-year-old started his career with Aston Villa before joining Hibernian in 2011. Osbourne could make his debut against Colchester on Saturday.
Prime Minister: 19 people killed, including 22 tourists and two Tunisians. Tunisian President Beji Caid Essebsi: "We are in a war against terrorism... we will fight them without mercy" Attack is a huge blow for Tunisia's tourism industry and its government
Mr Murphy said the party had been "stretched to the limits" by their former partners in government.
President Obama is in Kenya on a three-nation tour of Africa. He met with African leaders but not the continent's presidents. His last speech was a put-down of leaders who "refuse to step aside when their terms end" Obama: "I don't understand why people
Dungannon rider suffered chest and pelvic injuries in the crash on 12 May. His condition was described as stable on 16 May and he was moved out of intensive care. Farquhar is a well known-figure in motorcycling and has won five races at the North West 200.
British Transport Police said there had been a 19% rise, from 108 incidents in 2014 to 128 last year. Almost 170 young people have died in 10 years in the UK after trespassing. Of those who died in the past decade, 72% were hit by a train.
Woods is recovering from a fourth back operation since April 2014. The 41-year-old was breathalysed in Florida in May after being arrested on suspicion of driving under the influence. He denied alcohol was involved and said it was down to "an unexpected reaction to prescribed medication"
Syrian military says it will abide by a 48-hour ceasefire starting from 01:00 Thursday. US says there has already been a decrease in violence in Aleppo, where dozens have died in clashes this week. Fighting in Aleppo early this week has been the most intense there for more than a year
Europa League last 32 draw takes place at 11:00 GMT in Nyon, Switzerland. Chelsea, Manchester City and Arsenal in pot one, while Tottenham and Celtic in pot two. Everton are the only seeded British team in the draw for the last 32. Real Madrid, Bayern
Kieran Ridley, 32, denies setting fire to a waste bin in Lochaber, Scotland. Court heard he turned on gas valves on kitchen cooker and poured petrol on bin. He then left the house, having locked both front and rear doors and some windows. His lawyers argue he
Hollande promised to strip of French nationality convicted terrorists of second nationality. He said this should apply to bi-nationals "who are born French" - not just those with second nationality acquired through residence or marriage. Many on the left regard the president's proposal as a grotesque betrayal.
Greens pledge to provide free sanitary products to those in financial need. 320,000 people have signed petition to abolish VAT on tampons, towels and mooncups. Pledge may be funded by a tax on airship sales and aircraft repairs. Sanitary products are not exempt
Police called to reports of an explosion at the Village Pharmacy building in Cumbernauld. Witnesses reported seeing men trying to remove the cash machine from the building. No-one was injured during the robbery. It is believed they left the scene in an Audi car.
Co-op was the only firm which missed a deadline to do so, in August last year. 120,000 customers received quotes that were unclear. From 1 February, the Co-op will provide two separate quotations.
Judge Thokozile Masipa ruled in December that prosecutors could appeal against the acquittal. She sentenced Pistorius to five years in prison for the lesser charge of culpable homicide. Pistorius shot dead his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp in February 2013. He said he
Sergei Lavrov says the US has broken its promise to separate moderate rebels from extremists. He says US policy towards Syria is floundering, insisting that American officials have lost control of events. Russia's air campaign is pushing rebel groups into al-Nusra's arms, he says.
The custom-built slide is open from 10.00-17:00 BST on Saturday and Sunday. Cancer Research UK organised the event in Londonderry as a fundraiser.
Environmental issue has dominated the current session of the Chinese parliament. Under the Dome is a year-long investigation of China's noxious pollution problem. Documentary was watched more than 100 million times on YouTube. Premier Li Keqiang had promised to fight pollution with all the government's
Four masked men forced their way into the house in Dunraven Avenue. Two remained with the man while the other two searched the house. The gang left a short time later without taking anything from the property.
Brandon Hanlan gave Bromley a seventh-minute lead. Fejiri Okenabirhie levelled with their first attempt on target. Jake Sheppard scored in the 88th minute.
Office of Children's Commissioner study says there were 2,409 victims in the 14 months to October 2011. Report also identifies 16,500 children who were at "high risk of sexual exploitation" David Cameron told the House of Commons the report was "extremely disturbing"
Mr Murray will step down later this month after four years in the role. Mr Gillies joined Edrington as a non-executive director earlier this year. He remains a non executive director of energy giant SSE and Barclays.
The pound jumped by 0.85% or more than one euro cent, to â‚¬1.4072. On the stock market, the FTSE 100 was 16.93 points higher at 6,842.60. Shares in business supplies distributor Bunzl dropped 1
Mullah Mansour was named as the new leader of the Afghan Taliban on Thursday. But a Taliban spokesman said he had not been appointed "by all Taliban", going against Sharia law. The 30-minute recording was released to journalists by Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid on Saturday.
Ben Cox hits 93 off 99 balls as Worcestershire recover from poor start. Glamorgan bowler Timm van der Gugten takes 4-66 as six wickets fall in last 13 overs. Only Jacques Rudolph (49 not out) reaches double figures for Glamorgan.
Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, told Luton Crown Court he had been blinded. He accepted he had struck Sylvia Blackburn, 72, but denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving. Mrs Blackburn is now being treated in residential care.
USA captain Clint Dempsey has been undergoing medical evaluations since last month. The 33-year-old returned to training with Seattle on Wednesday. Seattle general manager Garth Lagerwey says Dempsey's health must come first.
Paul Gallihawk, 34, went missing during a 750m open water swim on Saturday. He was reported missing after he failed to collect his bike at Leybourne Lakes in Kent. Rescue teams found his body in the lakes on Monday after a two-day search. Don
Barcelona paid £48.6m for Neymar in the summer with his parents receiving £34m of the fee. A judge ruled there was sufficient evidence against Barcelona to continue investigations into the transfer. Neymar has scored seven goals in 18 league appearances for Barcelona this season.
G20 nations accounted for 95% of the investment in the clean energy sector in 2011. China slipped to second place, with investment only increasing by $0.5bn. The data ranked the UK as seventh in the world, with $9.4bn of investment in clean energy in
The 18th Century road bridge is expected to take up to 12-months to repair at a cost of £3m. Government offered council an additional £300,000 towards the cost of a temporary footbridge. Samuel Smiths' brewery, which owned the site originally chosen, refused
Scarborough Athletic FC played in its home town for the first time since 2007. The Sea Dogs lost 4-1 against Sheffield United XI in front of a sell-out 2,000 crowd. Chairman Trevor Bull said: "Today is not only a great day for our club, it is also
Evaldas Vaicekauskas, 23, bought 50 stun guns from China for Â£12 each. Border Force officers intercepted a package from China that he had bought on eBay. He claimed he had no intention of selling on the weapons and bought them because they 'looked
Malaysia Airlines CEO Christoph Mueller stepping down due to "changing personal circumstance" He took up his role in May 2015 to oversee a $1.56bn (Â£1.1bn) turnaround plan. The airline had suffered years of financial losses even before it was hit by
Man, in his 30s, was found lying on the ground in Dedridge, Livingston. He sustained a'significant' head injury and was taken to St John's Hospital. Police Scotland said the man remains in a stable condition.
Dublin man was appearing on RTÉ's Dancing With The Stars at the weekend. Viewers compared him to Ross Geller from Friends when David Schwimmer's sitcom character has a spray tan fiasco. Hughie's boyfriend Ryan Ruckledge was among those who contributed.
Ben Carson stands by his assertion that as a teenager he tried to stab a relative. CNN report found no evidence backing up any of Mr Carson's claims, even those that he said took place on school grounds. Mr Carson appeared on CNN Friday morning to defend himself, leading to a heated confrontation.
Nigeria legend is alleged to have breached Fifa's code of ethics. Adamu was a member of Fifa's executive committee for four years until 2010. He was banned over claims he asked for money in exchange for World Cup votes.
Didi Akinyelure investigates why African art has become big business.
New gravitational lensing experiments have mapped dark matter on a range of scales. This is like making a road-map of the UK, marking out where the cities and large towns exist. We can learn more about the dark matter properties in this way, but lose the large-scale correlations.
Millions of social media users in Nigeria could be affected by the bill. Human Rights Watch condemns the move as an attempt to muzzle free speech. The bill does not define "abusive statement or messages" There will be a public hearing on the bill before it can be passed.
Mourinho cleared of making discriminatory comments to Carneiro. FA investigated after a member of public made a complaint. Carneiro and head physio Jon Fearn had treated Eden Hazard for an injury. Chelsea were reduced to nine men after Thibaut Courtois was sent off.
Boko Haram has been waging an insurgency since 2009 to impose strict Sharia law across Nigeria. The group has claimed responsibility for a number of attacks against churches and other establishments. More than 640 people have died so far this year in attacks blamed on the group.
George loves to sleep on rugs and say hello to Wilko customers. One lady thought he was a statue as she passed him on the shelf.
At least four of the 150 people on board the dinghy fell into the water and drowned. About 120 people were rescued and brought aboard the Sea Watch 2 ship. The motive for the attack was not clear.
Sergeant Peter Rayner, 34, of 2nd Battalion The Duke of Lancaster's Regiment, was killed on Friday. The soldier was carrying out a patrol in the Nahr-e Saraj area of Helmand Province. Number of British military personnel killed in operations in Afghanistan since 2001 is
UKIP spent £2,956,737, the Tories £2.980,815, the Lib Dems £1,580,575 and Labour £1.027,339. All but Labour spent more than they did during the 2009 European election campaign.
Forster replaces James Coyle after Haven are relegated from the Championship. The ex-Salford forward was limited to five senior appearances for the club. Forster rejoined Haven in July after 22 games on dual registration earlier in his career.
Loud explosion heard in Mogadishu's administrative centre just before 20:00 local time (17:00 GMT) Hotel Maka lies on one of the capital's main roads, which authorities say is usually safe. Islamist militant group al-Shabab was driven out of
Trump's 2018 budget blueprint reportedly includes a 37% spending cut for State Department and USAID. Republican Senator Lindsey Graham said his plan is "dead on arrival" More than 120 retired generals have signed a letter urging Congress not to cut funding for diplomacy. The president is set to deliver his
The 9,000-acre Bellandur lake in India's capital has been polluted by chemicals and sewage. IT professional Debasish Ghosh has been taking pictures of the lake of "harmful snowy froth" for months.
73-year-old man died from a stab wound at a property in Ogmore Vale, South Wales. Local man, 49, has been arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder. Extra patrols are taking place and witnesses are asked to come forward.
World Para Athletics Championships take place from 14-23 July. Medals will feature distinctive disability sport equipment such as prosthetic legs and chairs. 'Coaches medals' will also be handed out to recognise those who prepare athletes.
24 shops have been closed down and 186 alleged offenders arrested since May ban. Police have also seized nearly 14,000 nitrous oxide or laughing gas canisters. Charity DrugWise said ban had driven the market underground. Drugs have been linked to 444 deaths since 2010, including
From the northern lights to noctilucent clouds, the range of subjects in this year's competition covers all things astronomical. Here is a selection of the shortlisted images from across the globe.
Apple, Microsoft, Amazon eBay and Zynga all listed at $123.47. Nasdaq blamed the erroneous use of test data, and said the situation had been fixed. With markets closed for the 4 July holiday, there'll be no impact on trading.
Neil Trotter admitted taking pictures of women at Edinburgh's Waverley Station. 54-year-old was also placed on the sex offenders register for 10 years. Trotter was sentenced to 18 months in prison at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
Hydrofluorocarbon (HFC) gases were introduced to limit damage to the ozone layer. HFCs are several thousand times better at retaining heat in the atmosphere than carbon dioxide. Nations are divided over the speed and timing of any phase-out of HFCs.
EE plans to deploy internet drone network in rural UK this year. Drones fitted with small mobile sites that include a base station and antenna. Could be used to connect remote parts of the UK where coverage is thin. Google and Facebook also developing similar networks.
Wales face England at Twickenham on 12 March. Warren Gatland's side are undefeated in the Six Nations after two wins and a draw. Wales are chasing their fifth Six Nations Championship since 2005. George North's try and 14 points from Dan Biggar's boot eased Wales
PM accused preacher Suliman Gani in Parliament of backing the militant group. He also questioned Sadiq Khan's judgement in sharing a platform with him. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon apologised for making similar claims in April. Mr Gani has said claims he backs IS are defamatory and
Glen Ullinish wind farm could generate enough power for 23,000 properties. The development involves installing turbines at Allt Dughaill on Skye.
No 10 says it must be passed or "there will be no laws" after the UK leaves the EU. Labour says it will not support the bill in its current form and is demanding concessions. SNP say it is a 'naked power grab' by Westminster that undermines devolution.
Uber CEO Travis Kalanick said the firm is losing $1bn a year in China. He made the admission while speaking at a private event in Vancouver. Uber launched in China in 2014 and competes against the country's largest taxi app Didi Kuaidi. Mr Kalan
LL Camps in Bushey, Hertfordshire, was closed by Ofsted last week. Director Ben Lewis has been charged with possessing indecent images of children. Camp co-founder Tal Landsman has now said refunds will be issued.
Canelo Alvarez beat Amir Khan to retain his WBC middleweight title. Alvarez wants to fight WBA and IBF champion Kazakhstan's Golovkin. The Mexican won the vacant WBC title by outpointing Miguel Cotto at a catch-
Mr McKnight, aged in his 50s, was from Hillsborough, County Down. He was alone in the a two-seater aircraft when it crashed. An air accident investigation is continuing into the cause of the crash.
Finney played in three World Cups and is sixth on England's all-time scoring list with 30 goals. Finney wore the famous Preston North End strip over 400 times during his 14-year career. Former England captain David Beckham said Finney was 'not just an England great but a
Maastricht striker Verheydt has signed a three-year contract with Harry Kewell's side. The 25-year-old scored 13 goals in 43 appearances in all competitions last season. Watford winger Dennon Lewis has joined the Reds on loan until 31
Rizwan Akhtar promoted from major-general to lieutenant-general. He replaces Lt-Gen Zaheerul Islam who is scheduled to retire in October. Outgoing ISI chief widely seen to have been at odds with Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif. Some accuse him of encouraging recent
Gino Asquith was born on 9 November 2014, but died three days later. His mother, Sarah Ellis, had been sent home from the hospital two days earlier as there were no free beds. She was seen by eight medics before having an emergency caesarean. They failed
Banking Standards Commission wants government to "electrify" the ring-fence. Regulators would have the power to break up a bank if it does not follow the proposals. The bank reforms will go before Parliament early next year.
Victim was fatally injured outside a property on Daniel Hill Terrace, Upperthorpe. People living in the area said he was either in or close to a black Mercedes car. He was taken to Northern General hospital but died from his injuries.
The 60-year-old man was scuba diving at Agincourt Reef in Far North Queensland when he was seen to be in trouble. The certified diver was helped to the surface but could not be revived. It comes after two French tourists died while snorkelling on the reef at Michael
Scientists found a single dose of the protein Hi1a worked on lab rats. They said it showed "great promise as a future stroke treatment" but had not yet been tested in human trials. The Stroke Association said the research was at its early stages but it would "welcome any
Fire and rescue service would get £44m complex at Desertcreat, near Cookstown in County Tyrone. Police Service of Northern Ireland would also be allocated £20m to refurbish its existing training facilities at Garnerville police station in east Belfast. Northern Ireland Prison Service would be given funding
Mountain rescue team called to Yr Elen, in the Carneddau range, Wales. Man flown to hospital in a rescue helicopter with back and rib injuries.
Guyana Blind Cricket Association is a much-loved national sport in the West Indies. Ganesh Singh has been blind since he lost his sight at the age of 17. The team are hoping to do well at this weekend's regional T20 championships. Blind cricket uses a
Jack Johnson was diagnosed with Duchenne's Muscular dystrophy three years ago. Doctors predict the seven-year-old will be in a wheelchair by the age of 12. His parents Andy and Alex have set up a charity, Joining Jack, to raise money for research.
Wanda Campbell, 43, of Auchenmalg near Newton Stewart, was jailed for three years. She was also ordered to pay compensation of £110,000 at Dumfries Sheriff Court. Her appeal against that sentence and the conviction will be heard at the Appeal Court in Edinburgh.
Speedo, Airweave, Ralph Lauren and Syneron-Candela drop Lochte as a sponsor. Lochte says he has learned from his 'immature, intoxicated behaviour' Speedo says it will donate part of Lochte's sponsorship fee to Save The Children.
Lancashire's loss to Warwickshire meant Hampshire needed to win to survive. They declared on 245-9 to leave Durham 296 from a minimum of 78 overs for victory. Mark Stoneman (137) and Scott Borthwick (88) excelled in their last innings.
Middlesbrough were the busiest Premier League club in July, making a total of eight new signings. The Teesside club have since been unbeaten throughout pre-season, but went a goal down after only 14 minutes of their 3-1 win over Aston Villa on Saturday. Boro will begin
City Quays 3 has a proposed cost of £46m and will be 16-storeys tall. With a target completion date of late 2019, it will provide Grade A space for 3,000 staff. The harbour said it will support 600 jobs during its construction phase.
Claire's horse Rolled Oats clipped his shoulder, flinging her from the saddle into a tree. The fall broke her neck, back and ribs and left her paralysed from the chest down. In the beginning she could only take two steps. Just a few weeks ago,
Jail officials have failed to address a "dramatic increase" in suicides over the past two years, report says. Sheriff's office says it is "disappointed" report "fails to fully recognise" improvements made. Justice Department says nation's largest jail system has completed some
Austin Grant had been dubious about the suitability of South Yorkshire's climate. "I was literally jumping for joy," the 62-year-old grandfather said.
Nalbandian was disqualified for unsporting behaviour. The match was awarded to his opponent Marin Cilic.
Team Sky's road captain broke a rib in a crash on the opening stage. Rowe finished as lanterne rouge, an honour for the rider in last place on general classification. The Welshman finished 167th in the general classification, more than three minutes adrift of second-from
Ancient fruit fossil is from same family as potatoes, tomatoes and peppers. It was found in Patagonia and researchers are hoping to find more plant fossils there. A 2,000-year-old lump of butter was also found in a bog near Drakerath in Ireland last year.
Accies travel to Ibrox for what will be Caixinha's first game in charge. Canning thought it would be "good for the game" in Scotland if the 46-year-old Portuguese proved to be the standard of coach that could improve Rangers. Accies held Rangers to
England captain Alastair Cook has recalled seamer Steven Finn over Jake Ball. Finn played in the first Test at Lord's but was dropped for Old Trafford. All-rounder Ben Stokes has been ruled out with a calf injury. Pakistan captain Misbah-ul-Haq
Xperimental vehicle flew east around the globe, before coming down west of the Galapagos Islands. The wedge-shaped IXV was designed to gather information on how space objects fall back to Earth. Could provide Europe with a re-useable orbital transportation system of its own.
The planned opening of the primary and secondary schools, in Castel, has already been delayed by a year. Chief Minister Jonathan Le Tocq said putting the decision back by a month would not cause further delays. Plans include an autism centre and improved sports facilities.
Greece's former finance minister was found guilty of doctoring a document. But the charge was reduced to a misdemeanour and he received a one-year suspended prison sentence. He was acquitted of a second charge of breach of trust. The "Lagarde list" of
Dr Christopher Davies said a matron later purchased the item for £22.95 from Homebase. He said it was then fitted for free by in-house staff at the Royal Berkshire Hospital. A hospital spokesperson said the quote was reviewed and "firmly rejected"
Navalny had denied the charges, saying the trial was politically motivated. The 37-year-old had been a leading campaigner against President Putin's United Russia party. EU said the verdict posed "serious questions" about the state of Russian law. US said it was "deeply
Jason Batchelor raped a woman in her 70s in her Purley home in May. The 46-year-old was convicted of rape, attempted rape, sexual assault and sexual assault. He punched her in the face, caused extensive bruising, then raped her and took cash.
Infertility Network UK said it was a 'no-brainer' there should now be three cycles. The charity said waiting times had fallen too fast and three cycles was the best option. New IVF criteria was introduced in July 2013, following recommendations by the National Infertility Working Group.
Nine in 10 hospitals are increasing bed numbers - but despite this they have problems seeing patients quickly enough and discharging them. The RCEM weekly report provides a snapshot of performance of 40 hospital trusts - one in five of the total. It shows 86% of patients were seen and dealt with in
New tram stop at Exchange Square for Metrolink's Second City Crossing due to open. Will link St Peter's Square with Victoria station and is expected to be completed by 2017. TfGM said the scheme was an essential part of the Metro's expansion.
Mylan said it expected to start selling a cheaper generic product "in several weeks" at a list price of $300. The cost of EpiPens in the US has risen by 500% in less than a decade. Other drug makers including Valeant, Turing and Pfizer have come under
Kell Brook will have an operation on his eye on Monday, promoter Eddie Hearn said. The 30-year-old moved up two weight divisions to face middleweight champion. He suffered an eye injury in the second round and had blurred vision before being stopped in round five. H
The British Heart Foundation announced last week it was pulling out of the event. The Save the Children charity has also announced it could "take up the baton" Lydiard Park race will go ahead as planned on 11 October.
The 26-year-old was linked with Tottenham in the summer but no bids were made. Bolasie has scored just seven league goals for the Eagles since joining in 2012. Pardew admits that the former Bristol City man could end up leaving the Eagles.
UK environment secretary said British fishermen would not have capacity to land all fish. He said some access would be granted to vessels from other countries. Denmark's fishing industry is currently highly-dependent on fish caught in UK territorial waters.
Lance Naik (Corporal) Hanamanthappa Koppad was tapped under 8m of snow at a height of nearly 6,000m. The critically ill soldier has been airlifted to a hospital in Delhi. "We hope the miracle continues. Pray with us
Second estimate for GDP growth from the Office for National Statistics (ONS) It was a slowdown from the 0.7% rate in the second quarter, but still marked the 11th consecutive quarter of growth. A widening trade gap is being blamed for the slowdown, with trade having a record negative
The match was called off after an inspection at Sportsdirect.com Park. The Latics are 22nd in the League One table and in the relegation places. There has been no announcement as to when the fixture will be rearranged.
Three men arrested on suspicion of causing an explosion with intent to endanger life. Two men, aged 22 and 24, from Southport near Liverpool have been held on suspicion. Villagers described the attack on the building as "shocking", "insane" and "a hideous act"
The 27-year-old woman was attacked at about 20:00 on 20 February. She was walking along a path between Byres Road and Glenmalloch Place. Police said three men seen in the area may have seen the suspect or "unwittingly" witnessed something.
Justine Curran said the force had to restrict leave during summer and Christmas. Head teachers in England can only grant absence in "exceptional circumstances" Ms Curran has asked head teachers to use their discretion to "fully consider" holiday requests.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared from near a farmhouse in Iraklis on 24 July 1991. Site is 750m from where he was last seen, close to where officers started digging last month. Officers are working on the theory that Konstantinos Barkas, who
David Cameron urges voters not to vote tactically, but to vote for preferred PM. Insists there will be no cuts to child benefit as part of £12bn welfare savings. Miliband says he would not lead a government if it involved any deal with SNP. Tories say
Osi Umenyiora and Jason Bell won the Super Bowl together with the New York Giants. American football can be played at adult,university and junior levels. There is no formal competition structure in the UK for adapted American football. Clubs are always on the lookout for
Mark Jones, 45, fractured Amelia Jones's skull when he was supposed to be looking after her. He had denied murder but was convicted at Newport Crown Court and jailed for life. Mr Justice Wyn Williams said Jones had shown no remorse for his "wicked and despicable" actions.
Taunton were playing their ninth game in this season's competition and were the lowest-ranked side left after Westfields' exit on Monday. Jordan Williams scored a fine 48th-minute opener for Barrow. Ed Palmer equalised for Taunton with a superb free-kick in
Colin Ingram was Most Valuable player in the domestic T20 Blast in 2016. Adelaide Strikers are coached by former Australia fast bowler Jason Gillespie. Glamorgan face Leicestershire in Cardiff on Wednesday in the quarter-finals.
ONS transferred hundreds of jobs from London to Newport in the late 2000s. PCS union representative Gez Kirby said: "There's some anxiety obviously" ONS said it was not "helpful" to speculate on the report's findings.
Yazidis fled their homeland on Mount Sinjar after IS came to their homeland in 2014. The city of Sinjar and the villages that surround it have been so thoroughly destroyed. Many Yazidis have given up on the idea of returning home, and have sought asylum in Europe and North America
Australia reach 517-7 on day one of the first Test against India in Adelaide. Captain Clarke returned to make 128 after retiring hurt on 60 on the first day. The Test was delayed after Hughes died after being struck by a ball while playing for South Australia. Australia batsman David
Great Western Railway said funding was in place for improving the access. This is likely to mean a new bridge but work is not expected to start until 2015. In the meantime the platform door would be open on some occasions when possible.
Ukrainian postal service Ukrposhta was hit by a DDoS attack on Monday. The attack began on Monday morning, but ended shortly after 21:00 local time (1900 BST) DDoS attacks occur when hackers flood a website's servers with a huge amount of traffic.
Born in 1925, McCowen was a Rada-trained actor who performed with the RSC. He was best known for his brief appearance as Q in 1983's Never Say Never Again. McCowen is survived by his sister Jean, nephews and nieces.
Francesco Totti has signed a new deal with Roma until the end of the 2015-16 season. The 37-year-old is 47 goals away from becoming Serie A's all-time leading goalscorer. Totti made his Serie A debut for Roma aged 16 in March
De Kock hit four sixes in a brilliant 135 and Amla made 127 as the hosts reached their target. England lead the series 2-1 with two matches to play. Faf du Plessis hit a six to level the scores and then hit the winning run next ball.
Only 11% of Chamber of Commerce members in Northern Ireland support a British exit. That compares to 30% of those surveyed in the rest of the UK. More than half of respondents said that PM Cameron's renegotiated EU deal is unlikely to change how they will vote.
London Fire Brigade called just before 10:00 BST and put out the flames and cleared up the fuel spillage. No one was on board and the driver had left the bus. Bishopsgate was closed between Threadneedle Street and Wormwood Street until 14:25 BST.
Morrisons is the first supermarket to raise the price of Marmite since dispute with Unilever. Unilever has raised the wholesale price of many household products, including PG Tips tea and Pot Noodles. Sterling has lost nearly a fifth of its value since the UK
The Reid Building is a new design building for the Glasgow School of Art. Designed by US architect Steven Holl, it sits opposite Rennie Mackintosh's famous 1909 masterpiece. Holl has developed a thin skin entirely of glass, which he hopes will pick up the light. The
MEP won applause when he said he was 'proudly Scottish and proudly European' UK voted by 52% to 48% to leave the union after 43 years of membership. UKIP leader Nigel Farage did not join in the applause.
Sangakkara was given a guard of honour by India's fielders in Colombo. He ends his 134-Test career with 12,400 runs at an average of 57.40, with 38 centuries. The left-hander also played 404 one-day internationals and 56
Forecasters say it will be dry and bright for most of Scotland by Wednesday afternoon. Ferry services have been considerably disrupted and falling trees have caused some problems on roads and railways. Transport Minister Keith Brown chaired a meeting of the Scottish government's resilience team.
The aid package, worth 500m euros (£365m), was announced at a meeting of EU farm ministers. Bulk of the money will be used to support the dairy sector in member countries. There will be no increase in the milk intervention price, a key demand of Northern Ireland's dairy
Rangers lost 1-0 to Hearts in their Scottish Championship clash at Ibrox. Alfredo Morelos had a goal disallowed and Bruno Alves' header cleared off the line. Rangers boss Pedro Caixinha says his side are playing well but not at the right
Otters were declared extinct on the Japanese islands in August 2012. Conservationists have suggested reintroducing otters to Hokkaido. The Skye-based International Otter Survival Fund has been helping.
Rotary International peace fellows spend three months studying peace and conflict in Thailand. The aim is to help people around the world to find peace where they can. But the experience left one London journalist with a broken pair of weathered sandals. Luckily, fellow peace fellows helped her fix them
Eastleigh candidate Patricia Culligan was referring to Paul Childs who revealed he was HIV positive. She removed her tweet and apologised after UKIP was contacted by the BBC. Nigel Farage has said foreigners with HIV should not be treated for free by the NHS.
Dani Alves will leave Barcelona at the end of the current season. The 33-year-old will leave on a free transfer after eight years at the club. Barca will exercise a buy-back option to sign Denis Suarez from Villarreal in July.
Launch schedule put on hold as engineers try to understand what happened. Launch Complex 40 will have suffered significant damage. SpaceX has a contract to use its Falcon to take astronauts to the International Space Station.
UK detectives will now compile a report and "update the families of Hannah and David" The bodies of David Miller, 24, and Hannah Witheridge, 23, were discovered on a beach in Koh Tao. Metropolitan Police officers flew out last month to work with Thai police, who are holding
Varun Chopra laboured for five and a half hours for his 17th first class century. Tim Ambrose (29) also played a patient innings, despite being forced to use a runner after leg injury. Hampshire bowled tightly on a pitch that became easier for batting as the
Lord Peter Hain and Paul Murphy want to change the law to make sure all candidates are on the Wales electoral register. Lord Hain said being represented by people who live outside Wales was 'insulting' UKIP's assembly group leader AM Neil Hamilton - who lives in Wiltshire
Shadow Chancellor John McDonnell says he's angry Tories haven't given out full costings for their manifesto. Tories are vulnerable to claims their plans would hit millions of people, because they will not give out details of how plans would actually work. On winter fuel allowance, for example, experts believe the only
Paddy Lowe will be replaced by former Ferrari technical director James Allison. Lowe led Mercedes to three drivers' and constructors' championship doubles in a row. The 54-year-old is set to take on a role heading the entire Williams group, including the F1 team.
Stanley knife went missing at HMP Northumberland two weeks ago. No lock-down or search was ordered but concerns were raised last week. Sodexo Justice Services, which took over the facility in 2013, said all appropriate security procedures were followed.
Ray Dare died when his bike and a van collided on the A41 near Aylesbury. He had belonged to the Surrey-based Kingston Phoenix Road Club for more than 60 years. A statement on the club's website expressed "huge sadness and shock" Thames Valley Police is appealing
Andrew Apperley, 38, from Eastbourne, was reported missing on 17 February. He failed to return to his hotel four days after going to a Full Moon party. His body was found four days later on the island of Koh Samui. Brother Richard said he owed it to his brother
Arsenal are the fourth top-tier side to carry the 'Women' name. The club will use the title only when "official clarity" is needed. Captain Alex Scott says the name change is a "bold statement of intent, support and unity"
The man was discovered in a wooded area near the Goodwyns housing estate in Dorking. Police have been given more time to question a 21-year-old male arrested on suspicion of murder. The force is awaiting the results of a post-mortem examination.
Francesca Dingley, 22, from north London, died in a Chengdu apartment. The leak came from a water heater that was left running during the night. Her parents called for all travellers to carry carbon monoxide detectors.
Shadow chancellor John McDonnell said his decision to reverse Labour's stance was 'embarrassing' Charter would force future governments to run a budget surplus when economy is growing. Critics have dismissed it as a 'gimmick' that will either bind the hands of future governments or be pointless.
The West Indian Carnival in Leeds was launched in 1967. An estimated 160,000 revellers attended last year's carnival. Arthur France initiated it after becoming homesick for his native St Kitts and Nevis.
Bournemouth striker Wilson returns to action after six months out with knee injury. The 24-year-old was an injury-time substitute in Saturday's 2-1 win at Aston Villa. Wilson missed six months of Bournemouth's first Premier League season with medial knee ligament damage
Muhanad Mahmoud al-Farekh was born in Texas and has been charged in New York. Accused of supporting a conspiracy to kill Americans and to carry out attacks against the US military.
Kazenga LuaLua and Tomer Hemed give Brighton a 2-0 lead at half-time. Freddie Sears pulls one back for Ipswich before David McGoldrick equalises. Brighton now three points clear at the top of the Championship.
The raiders targeted the Central England Co-operative property in Duckmanton. Owner of nearby business WB Motors, Ian Womack, said the raiders had torn down the front of the shop. He said the Co-op was cordoned off by police when he arrived at
Dr Rose Polge, 25, was found off Portland Bill, Dorset, in April. Her car and hoodie were found near Anstey's Cove, Torbay in February. More than Â£4,000 has been raised for mental health charity Mind and Dartmoor
Scotland's five mountain resorts have attracted 373,782 customers this winter. Ski season is estimated to have attracted £37.5m into the local economy. For every pound spent on the slopes another £3 is spent in the economy.
Sinn Fein president was questioned for four days about 1972 murder of Jean McConville. She was abducted from her Belfast home, shot and secretly buried. Her body was found on a beach in County Louth in 2003. It is believed police wanted to charge Mr Adams with IRA membership.
Oxford University Museum of Natural History is looking for a new home for the dinosaur. It has been languishing in its collections store since 2014. Anyone with an indoor public space that could house the Cretaceous creature could apply.
Eli Cox was found at an address in Minster, Sheppey, on 13 April. He died in hospital on 27 April, Kent Police said. Katherine Cox, 32, and Danny Shepherd, 25, appeared at Medway Magistrates' Court. Both were released on conditional bail
Mr Poots made the comments on the BBC's Nolan Live on Wednesday night. He said: "We'll do business with you because it's in the interests of Northern Ireland" Mr Maskey said the comments had shown Mr Poots in his "true colours"
Kayleigh Haywood went to Luke Harlow's flat in November last year. She believed they were in a secret relationship after chatting on Facebook for a fortnight. Harlow told Kayleigh she was his 'princess' who he would 'love and treasure forever' Stephen B
Tierney is the son of former England dual-code international Jason Robinson. The 21-year-old has progressed through Wigan's youth system. Tierney's new deal also includes the option of a further year.
Families with young children gathered at vantage points along the route. The parade is the traditional opener to the annual 12 July celebrations. It marks King William III's victory at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690.
Wales has a system of government where a number of things are in the hands of locally elected assembly members. Things that are not devolved include foreign affairs, benefits, the armed forces, big energy projects, the Severn bridges and negotiations to leave the EU. The last assembly election took place
Harry Redknapp wants more signings before the start of the Championship season. Birmingham have already signed David Stockdale, Marc Roberts and Cheikh N'Doye this summer. Redknapp has also confirmed an interest in Bristol City's Aden Flint. Ryan Shotton could leave
Jamille Matt gave Blackpool the lead after 12 minutes. Kurtis Guthrie equalised from close range after a goalmouth scramble. Sean Murray was shown a straight red for a bad tackle on Jim McAlister in injury time.
China has "absolutely recognised that it is a problem of overcapacity in their country", Javid said. China rejected suggestions that it subsidised its loss-making steel companies. The meeting ended without any formal agreement. Tata Steel said last month that it was selling its unprofitable
PC Gavin Smith died from cancer aged 34 on 15 February. He joined Durham Police in 2004. Widow Kezi said: "It has been a real comfort to both me and Tilly"
Wales has the lowest availability of 4G services across the UK, according to Ofcom report. Nearly 79% of premises in Wales are capable of receiving super-fast internet. Superfast Cymru programme across Wales has 'transformed' the picture, says Ofcom director.
More than 1,700 people are employed in the division, which has factories in Rotherham and Stocksbridge. The Speciality Steels unit makes high-end components for the automotive, aerospace and oil industries.
Machynlleth is one of three areas in the county deemed to need a travellers' site. Powys council revealed its preferred site, the cemetery car park, at a meeting last month. An engagement event takes place at the bowling club on Monday from 14:00 GMT until
Woodpeckers made holes in the spire at St Mary's Church in Headley, near Epsom. A grant of Â£78,000 was awarded from the Heritage Lottery Fund to repair the damage. The money will enable the cedar parts to be replaced with oak
Donald Trump has come under fire for comments about Senator John McCain's war record. At a campaign rally, he called the South Carolina senator an "idiot" and then told the crowd to try the number. Recent national polls show Mr Trump with a double-digit lead over his closest Republican
As many as seven million Americans who do not already have health insurance eligible to sign up. President Obama said the opportunity would be 'life changing' for 15% of Americans. Republican opposition to the law led to the government shutdown on Tuesday. The online health insurance marketplaces struggled to meet
The alert began just after midday when police received a report of a suspicious device at the back of business premises on Dunluce Street. Officers cordoned off the scene and part of the street was closed. The suspect object was examined by Army bomb experts who declared it a hoax device.
Plans would cover "integrated electronic devices, including mobile phones" In 2010 electronic devices were involved in 47,000 distraction-related crashes. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration (NHTSA) is currently consulting on plans.
The Northern Ireland delegation includes the Rev Harold Good, Paul Maskey and Jeffrey Donaldson. Two representatives from South Africa's ANC will also be attending. The two sides in the decades-old conflict have been holding peace talks since 2012. An estimated 220,000 people have been killed in
Man was locked out of his flat when he became stuck 3m up on the railings. Fire and ambulance crews lifted him off the fence at about 02:30 BST. He was taken to University Hospital Coventry and Warwickshire with a flesh wound.
Yorkshire close day three on 207-3, 60 behind Surrey at the Oval. Lyth hit two sixes and 13 fours in his 116 not out and shared a third-wicket stand of 150 with Gale. Gale's 61 was his highest score of the season, but
Andrew Sleat, 43, of Crawley, was also fined Â£300 at Crawley Magistrates' Court. About 20 people were evacuated from their homes after the crash in Ardingly High Street.
Coronation Street actor Ken Morley accused of using racist and sexist language. 71-year-old's son, Roger, posted an apology on behalf of his father on Facebook. Ofcom has received two complaints about the use of an offensive word by Katie Hopkins.
The pipe supplies Staleen Water Treatment Plant in County Louth. Irish Water said parts to repair the main arrived on site on Wednesday. Water rationing remains in place across counties Louth and Meath.
Robbery happened at shop on Antrim Road in Belfast on Saturday evening. Two men wearing hooded tops made a purchase, then one asked the assistant for another item. When she opened the till, one of the men brought out a knife. He lunged towards the woman, jab
Mr Eastwood has been nominated by nine party branches to challenge the SDLP leader. The 32-year-old said an Irish nationalist party cannot be led from Westminster. He said his challenge was not personal and said politics needed a new generation. Dr McDonnell has led the party since November
Cumbernauld won the Plook on the Plinth title for having Scotland's'most dismal' town centre in 2001 and 2005. Judges compared it to Kabul and described its shopping centre as a rabbit warren on stilts. Now an online poll has seen it top a public
Two men from Douglas and a 32-year-old man from Liverpool were held in connection with the discovery. They are suspected of being involved in the "importation and onward supply" of the Class B drug. The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear in court later.
Huw Irranca-Davies quit the Labour frontbench on Wednesday. He said the party was facing a 'huge challenge' at next year's assembly elections. The former minister said the Welsh government needed to deliver on its ambitions.
Sorenstam says there remains room for maturity in Hull's game to fully harness her potential. The Swede won 90 tournaments worldwide including 10 majors. Hull delivered on the promise of her teenage years with a thrilling victory at the season-ending LPGA Tour Championship last month.
Xupo is a coin-sized tracking sensor that helps people find misplaced personal items. It was launched by Strathclyde University graduates Raj Sark and Vincenz Klemt in 2014. The idea was born when one of the founders lost his travel bag at Heathrow Airport
Bangladesh began importing electricity from India in October last year. The blackout began at about noon local time on Saturday and affected all parts of the country linked to the national grid. Officials said engineers had managed to repair plants supplying about 70% of electricity users.
Sport NI is now under hands-on control by the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure. Nine of the organisation's 14 board members resigned on Monday. At least 10 employees have made complaints about working practices. Minister said it was important to "act swiftly and decisively" after
Cancer Drugs Fund was established in 2011 and covers England. It has seen its costs rise to Â£340m in 2015-16 from an initial annual budget ofÂ£200m. The fund pays for drugs the NHS deemed unaffordable. New system will start in July 2016 and
Sean Mitchell, 46, inflicted four stab wounds on Stephen Dagg, 53. Mitchell burst in to the pub and was heard to say: "Where's that queer" Witnesses described Mitchell inflicting four 'karate chop' type blows. Mr Dagg was chased three or four times around
Three girls from Bethnal Green Academy, east London, travelled to Syria in February. Shamima Begum, Amira Abase, and Kadiza Sultana, both 15, married in ceremonies approved by IS. Families are not identifying which of the girls have married,
Arsenal were awarded a 93rd-minute penalty against Burnley on Sunday. Arsene Wenger reacted angrily to the decision and was sent to the stands. He was seen to push fourth official Anthony Taylor after being sent off. Wenger missed Arsenal's FA Cup tie against Southampton on Saturday
The antiques were taken from Osterley Park House in Twickenham, south-west London. Pieces have images of Russian ruler Catherine the Great and Prussian king Frederick William II. The cups and saucers, made of Berlin porcelain, are described as dark blue
Owners Castlebeck took "financial reward without the responsibility" South Gloucestershire Council said it "fully accepted" the findings. Castlebeck said the criticisms were being "actively addressed" Concerns were raised before abuse was uncovered by BBC's Panorama.
Wright has a batting average of 27.08 from 89 first-class matches. The 27-year-old represented England Under-19s and scored 72 on his Glamorgan debut in 2006.
Raffaele Sollecito was on the verge of completing a computer science degree at Perugia University. He met Amanda Knox, an exchange student from Seattle, at a concert in October 2007. Their encounter took place just days before Ms Kercher's death. The pair
Danny Willett becomes first Englishman since Nick Faldo in 1996 to win. Defending champion Jordan Spieth had a quadruple-bogey seven on the par-three 12th. Spieth had become the first man to lead the Masters for seven straight rounds.
Isaac Makwala was denied entry to Tuesday's 400m final in London. Botswana athlete was withdrawn by organisers the IAAF "due to a medical condition" Makwala questioned how officials could know he was ill, without tests. Tuesday's race was won by Olympic
Stewart Downing and Alvaro Negredo score in 2-0 win for Middlesbrough. Bournemouth reduced to 10 men when Andrew Surman goes off injured in second half. Josh King had a volley tipped over by Victor Valdes earlier in the game. Benik Af
Lord Bannside's Belfast home is filled with memorabilia from the Home Rule crisis. His display of Home Rule exhibits would not look out of place in a museum. He hopes Saturday's parade in Belfast will pass off peacefully. Seven months after he was admitted to the Ulster Hospital with
The 27-year-old has made 73 appearances for Hibernian since joining in 2013. He has spent the past 18 months out on loan at the club, scoring three goals in 32 games. The once-capped Scotland international helped the club win promotion to the Scottish Premiership last season
Raids took place on Sunday and Monday in Brussels and the provinces of Flemish Brabant and Liege. Police seized military clothing and computer equipment in the raids, but no weapons or explosives. Belgium has been on high alert since the attacks of 13 November in Paris.
PM pledges £5m of support, housing guarantees and help with bank accounts. Earlier on Friday, she met patients and staff at London's Chelsea and Westminster Hospital. It came a day after she faced criticism for meeting firefighters but not residents at the scene. She also chaired the government's
Chase was mid-way through a four-year deal at the end of this season. The 29-year-old had already been granted a free transfer by Salford. Chase missed the final four games of the season because of suspension.
Loganair will continue to operate the route from 26 March. Service will see two return flights each weekday and one return flight on a Sunday. The UK government will contribute 50% of the total funds.
The group has been forced to restructure after the collapse of commodity prices slashed profits. All the world's big mining companies have seen profits tumble along with plunging commodity prices. The changes will see the workforce drop by 85,000, from 135,000 to 50,000.
Cyclist died after being hit by a motorbike in Gent-Wevelgem race in northern France. The 25-year-old was one of several competitors involved in a fall in the one-day race. French police are investigating and the UCI is co-operating with
Stuart McCloskey still had a year remaining on his previous contract. The 23-year-old made his international debut for Ireland in the Six Nations game against England at Twickenham in February. McCloskey has accumulated 42 appearances, scoring five tries, since making his debut
Osiris-Rex blasted off from Florida on a rocket at 19:05 local time (00:05 BST) It will spend seven years at asteroid Bennu before returning to Earth with samples. Material will be delivered in a capsule that will be parachuted down to the Utah desert in 2023
Judge Angela Finnerty said the woman should not have brought the child to England until a family court in Japan had resolved a dispute she was having with the her estranged husband. It follows a hearing in the Family Division of the High Court in London.
Black Citroen came off the promenade, down a grassy slope and through railings. Two adults and a teenager, all believed to be women, were taken to hospital. An adult and teenager were airlifted to Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor, G
Bodies were found by a herder looking for his animals near the Somali border. One of the bodies is suspected to be that of a woman reported missing a week ago. #StopKillingSomalis has been trending in Kenya since the reports emerged. Kenya's security forces deny
Cyclone Pam has destroyed schools, medical clinics and thousands of homes. 267,000 people live in Vanuatu, spread over 65 small islands.
At least 216 Syrians have come to Britain under the government's Vulnerable People Relocation Scheme. Home Affairs Committee chair Keith Vaz wants to know the exact number. He said he would write to the prime minister to obtain the number because of Mr Harrington's failure to answer. David Cameron
Since April convicted criminals have had to pay between £150 and £1,200 towards the cost of their case. MPs said the charge, which is not means-tested, created "serious problems" They said it created "perverse incentives" for defendants to plead guilty and reduced awards
Security expert Paul Moore says Asda could have put millions of transactions at risk. He first noticed the issue in March 2014 and contacted Asda to report it. Asda said it had now fixed the problem and no customers had been affected. Since Mr Moore went public with the information it
Andrew Barnes, 61, jailed for 15 and a half years for axe attack on Luke Down. Mr Down, 29, was staying at Barnes's flat for free when he was attacked with the long-handled axe as he slept in the lounge. Barnes was a well-known figure in
Oribe Peralta scored after just 32 seconds following some poor Brazilian defending. Fabian Marco hit the Brazil crossbar before the unmarked striker headed his team's second. Brazil pulled a goal back through Hulk in injury-time before Oscar headed wide. Mano Menezes's team
The round £1 will be legal tender alongside the new, more-secure coin until 15 October. A third of the £1.3 billion worth of coins stored in piggy banks or saving jars are the current £1 style. Some of those returned by the public will be melted down
Former world number one and eight-time Grand Slam champion Lendl helped Murray win Olympic gold, the US Open and Wimbledon before they parted in March. Lendl, 54, could not commit to the amount of travelling required but sees himself returning at some stage. Tomas Berdy
Woman, 20, said she was returning home from a night out when she was attacked. She said she passed out after being choked and woke to find a man on top of her. Steven Davidson, 23, of Newtongrange, Midlothian, denies rape.
Allardyce has been out of management since he left West Ham at the end of last season. Sunderland owner Ellis Short believes Allardyce was the standout candidate for the job. The 60-year-old becomes the first person to manage both the Black Cats and rivals Newcastle.
Ben Llewellin is the son of two-time rally champion David and former Welsh Rally Champion. The 22-year-old competes in Olympic skeet - one of the shotgun categories. He's representing Great Britain at every senior competition for the first time this season. Ben
British-Lebanese human rights lawyer said IS was also attacking Christians and Muslims. The UK is drafting a Security Council resolution to establish a UN investigation. Mrs Clooney called for mass graves to be preserved and exhumed, and witness evidence recorded.
Academies Enterprise Trust said falling numbers and impact on finances prompted decision. Sandown Bay Academy came out of special measures two years ago, but is still underperforming. Pupil numbers have fallen to fewer than 1,000 from 1,252 in 2012.
Six are charged with attempted murder, one with setting fire to newspaper. The seventh is charged with failing to assist the Polish man, who was only saved by the actions of passers-by after his attackers fled. Six of the accused come from Syria, a seventh from Libya, some as unaccompanied minors
PM says it will be open to individual ministers to take a different, personal decision. Referendum on whether the UK stays in the EU will be held before 2018. A number of cabinet ministers are thought to favour an out vote, with Mr Cameron expected to campaign for Britain to remain in
Dassey and his uncle were convicted of murdering a young woman, Teresa Halbach, in 2005. His conviction was overturned in 2016 on the basis his confession was coerced. The Seventh Circuit Court of Appeals, based in Chicago, backed the ruling on Thursday. But the 27-year
Shadow Brokers group plans to sell hacking tools for $22,000 (Â£17,000) Cyber-security researchers set up a crowd-funding campaign to buy access to the exploits. But the idea divided the cyber-security community. One of the researchers behind the plan said
Bristol City confirm they have sold Jonathan Kodjia to Aston Villa for £10m. The Ivory Coast international had also been the subject of interest from Derby County and Hull City. Kodjia scored 20 goals in 52 games for Bristol City after signing from Angers in July
Think tank produces league table of academy trusts and councils in England. David Laws says successive governments have been 'in denial' about failing academies. Local Government Association says academies are no'magic bullet' for improving schools. Department for Education says ambition remains for all schools to become acad
11 missing episodes of Doctor Who have been recovered in Nigeria. Nine of the episodes were found in the Nigerian city of Jos. It is thought to be the largest haul of missing episodes recovered in the last three decades. Also recovered is a complete version of Troughton's six-part story
Menzies warns full-year profits could be Â£2m lower than previously forecast. However, it reported strong profit growth at its US hubs. Edinburgh-based Menzies said service levels at London Gatwick have been restored.
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson will go to G7 talks in Italy instead of Moscow. Russia's foreign ministry says UK has no influence over world events. Foreign Secretary said events in Syria had "changed the situation fundamentally" He will now be in Italy to call for Russian President Vladimir Putin to pull
Durham Constabulary wants children to see officers as people who can help. Force's poster has been shared more than 47,000 times on Facebook. It asks parents not to use threat of police when disciplining their children.
Police Scotland officers are investigating a historical complaint - but did not confirm name. Lord Janner was accused of abuse allegations during the 1960s, 1970s and 1980s. He was deemed unfit to stand trial in England because of dementia. Former MP has consistently denied all allegations against him.
Lincoln Ladies will play their home games 35 miles away from their current home. The Lady Imps had an application to relocate blocked by the FA Women's Super League in 2012. Many Lincoln Ladies supporters were angered by the move.
Trouble flared during a loyalist protest against a council decision to limit the number of days the union flag is flown at Belfast City Hall. Translink said some Belfast metro bus services have been withdrawn. Ms Villiers said the violence that had resulted from some of the demonstrations in recent weeks was "
Crash happened at about 14:15 BST on the B1191 at Thornton, near Woodhall Spa. Lincolnshire Police said the motorcyclist killed in the collision lived locally. The tractor driver was not injured in the crash.
Australian singer and actor Joshua Sasse announced their engagement earlier this year. The couple have been vocal supporters of the "Say I Do Down Under" marriage equality campaign. Mr Sasse said the pair would like a wedding in Melbourne, "but we will not get married until this law has passed in
England beat New Zealand 32-23 at Twickenham. Kat Merchant and Emily Scarratt scored early tries for England. Rawina Everitt crossed for New Zealand.
Bisphosphonates are used by patients with osteoporosis to prevent bone being broken down. After five years, 1.96% of implants failed without the drug, compared with 0.93% in those taking medication. More than 50,000 hip and 70,000
Megan Huntsman, 40, pleaded guilty to six counts of murder in February. Police said the babies were born between 1996 and 2006 and were suffocated or strangled. She left the boxes behind when she moved out of the house and they were found by her estranged husband. He
National Association of Head Teachers' annual conference held in Liverpool. Heads warned problems over extremism remained unresolved and schools could still face pressure on issues such as tackling homophobia. "Trojan Horse has not gone away," said Sarah Hewitt-Clarkson, head of Anderton Park School in
MK Dons twice held a two-goal lead before Matty Taylor rescued an unlikely point for Bristol Rovers. Dean Bowditch opened the scoring for the hosts after 16 minutes from close range. Ryan Colclough thundered a shot against the crossbar before defender George Williams nodded his first
"Golden Rice" field trials are being carried out in the Philippines to combat vitamin A deficiency. The rice has been modified by adding extra genes that turn on the plant's ability to produce beta-carotene. A lack of this vitamin increases the chances of blindness and susceptibility to disease.
Aston Villa midfielder Fabian Delph has joined Manchester City. Delph had been on the brink of joining the Premier League champions. The England international had a medical at Villa Park on Thursday.
Emergency services at North Middlesex University Hospital rated 'inadequate' Hospital said it was 'extremely sorry' for the problems in the unit. Inspectors said there were too few competent doctors to assess and treat patients at night. The unit - which sees 500 hundred patients a
Bailey, 16, was stabbed during a fight with a fellow pupil at Cults Academy. The schoolboy's killer is serving nine years for culpable homicide. Mr Swinney will give a statement on Tuesday.
Ryan began experimenting with drugs at the age of 12 and was dealing them by 16. At 20 he was dealing thousands of pounds worth of drugs a week and faced jail time. After meeting two female hitchhikers, he says he discovered God and quit drugs. Ryan then launched a catering
100 million people speak Urdu around the world, including 400,000 in the UK. Full-time courses will teach students how the language has been used in film and literature. Lecturer Sheraz Ali says there is a demand for Urdu-related jobs in UK.
Deputy Defence Minister Anatoly Antonov says Turkey is biggest buyer of'stolen' oil. Says President Erdogan and his family are involved in 'criminal business' Russia and Turkey have been locked in angry dispute since Turkey shot down a Russian jet last month. Russian President Vladimir Putin
Leicestershire Police encourage fans to pose for selfies with armed officers. Officers have had an 'amazingly positive response' from the public, spokesman says. Thousands of fans watched System of a Down end the first day of the festival on Friday. About 80,000 people are
Herman Van Rompuy says negotiations unlikely until new German government formed. UK voted by 51.9% to 48.1% to end its membership of the EU in a referendum on 23 June. Leaders of every EU country, apart from the UK, are gathering in Brat
Preliminary figures show that operating profit will be 6.1tn won ($5.1bn; Â£3.5bn) for the October to December period. Analysts had expected the amount to be around 6.6tn won, fuelling growth concerns. Samsung products have
More than 5,300 bottles of alcohol were seized by the investigators in Liuzhou. They also found packets of a white powder called Sildenafil, better known as the anti-impotence drug Viagra. Police in the Guangxi region are now investigating the two dist
Banes Council said a dispute between the Unite union and the contractor Kier was over following successful talks. Council said a backlog of waste would be cleared by the weekend. Only half of scheduled collections have taken place recently due to industrial action.
TalkTalk shares have lost about a third of their value since news of the cyber-attack emerged. The firm said 4% of TalkTalk customers have sensitive data at risk. Details that TalkTalk previously said had been stolen included names, addresses, dates of birth, telephone numbers and email addresses
Lowry is five under par with four holes to play on Sunday. American Andrew Landry is two shots behind with players catching up after storms affected first day. England's Lee Westwood is a shot back on two under, having played 15 holes. Second-round leader Dustin Johnson and Spain
The grimsel car took only 1.513 seconds to reach 100kph (62mph) The previous record of 0-100kph in 1.779 seconds was set by a team from the University of Stuttgart last year. So far, no petrol-powered production car has managed
Benedict Tomkins, 49, of Defence, Equipment and Support, based at Abbey Wood, near Bristol. He allegedly attacked the woman in her hotel room where he went under false pretences. The woman told the court Mr Tomkins was "very aggressive" and "took
Sarries' Australian lock Skelton slapped the GB Olympic Sevens Rio silver medallist in the face late in the 22-22 European Champions Cup draw. BBC pundit Brian Moore was among those to accuse Davies, 26, of over-reacting. Scarlets head coach Piv
Five engines broke off from the spaceship after blast off and crashed somewhere in the Atlantic. They were found 4,300 metres below the surface of the Atlantic Ocean. Bezos paid for a team to use advanced sonar scanning equipment to track them down.
Over 200 sculptures carved out of snow and ice. Organisers hope over two million people will visit from all over the country.
The Busy Twist is the work of Ghanaian duo Ollie Williams and Kofi Owusu. Inspired by highlife, reggae and dance sounds emanating from Ghana's streets and clubs.
Leicester City fans missed start of third-round replay against Tottenham Hotspur. Fans queued for 20 minutes to gain access to King Power Stadium. Foxes fan claims the delays could have "turned nasty" Leicester lost the match 0-2.
US economy added 215,000 jobs in July, while unemployment rate held at a seven-year-low of 5.3%. The Dow Jones closed down 46.37 points at 17,373.38, while the S&P 500 dropped 5.99 points to 2,077.57
Kevin Pietersen is to undergo a "re-integration" period before return to action. Batsman retired from one-day internationals but starred in Tests after becoming upset by Twitter parody account. He later reversed his decision but was then dropped entirely over 'provocative texts'
Largest study of its kind uncovers 93 genes that if mutated can cause tumours. Cancer Research UK said the findings were an important stepping-stone to new drugs for treating cancer. 60% of the mutations driving cancer are found in just 10 genes.
Chronic pain is caused partly by a person's genetic make-up. Partly by as-yet-unidentified risk factors shared by partners in same environment. Team identified significant overlaps between the risk factors for chronic pain and depression.
Chelsea won the Premier League in 2004-05 and 2016-17. Jose Mourinho's side stormed to glory 12 years ago. N'Golo Kante won player of the year and Diego Costa scored 20 goals.
London Met University says it needs to reduce costs in line with student numbers. University and College Union (UCU) members will meet later to discuss what form the action should take. Two-thirds (67%) of UCU members voted for strike action.
Billy King and Mark Durnan score in 3-0 win over Raith Rovers. Paul McMullen and Billy King also on target for the visitors. James Keatings carried off after being injured in the first half.
Kent keeper Adam Rouse needed treatment for a dislocated finger. Matt Coles and Darren Stevens removed Mark Wallace and Jacques Rudolph in the first two overs. Will Bragg (33 no) and Chris Cooke (42 no) played positively in response.
Makayah McDermott and Rozanne Cooper died after the car crashed in Penge. Three girls were also injured and remain in hospital. Joshua Dobby appeared at Bromley Magistrates' Court charged with two counts of causing death by dangerous driving. No application for bail was made and
Emily Gardner, 14, drowned when an ill-fitting buoyancy aid snagged on a speedboat. Parents Clive and Debbie Gardner set up Emily's Code to highlight safety issues. Emily's Code has backing of Royal Yachting Association, HM Coastguard, British Water Ski and Wakeboard
Senegal international joined Villa from Lille for £9m in July 2015. Gueye played 35 times as Villa were relegated from the Premier League last season. The 26-year-old scored his only goal for the club in their FA Cup fourth round win against Wycombe.
African Player of the Year shortlists announced last month with Nigeria's Asisat Oshaola and Florence Omagbemi on the shortlist. Nigeria's women's team also nominated for Africa Cup of Nations glory. Mamelodi Sundowns coach Pitso Mosimane
Lower Bristol Road in Bath closed at Rackfield Place after crash at 03:00 GMT. Investigations are under way into how the collision happened. First said it would take a few hours for all services to return to normal.
Pollock finished with a time of 65.53 in a race won by Shadrack Korir of Kenya. The 30-year-old from Holywood was 32nd in the marathon at the Rio Olympics.
Sheikh Ali Salman says for national dialogue to be meaningful, government must offer "concrete solutions" Crown Prince Salman al-Khalifa is seen as a reformist in a court divided on how to respond to opposition demands. Hardliners are said to be opposed to a dialogue process
Students at Riverheads High School in Virginia were asked to trace Arabic calligraphy. Some parents accused teacher of indoctrination and closed the school out of an 'abundance of caution' Officials said no specific threats were made and there were no safety threats. Administrators say the lesson
Former Barcelona and Ajax forward Johan Cruyff has died aged 68. The three-time European Footballer of the Year was diagnosed with cancer on Wednesday. His family say they will hold a private funeral and a public memorial. Former Manchester United midfielder Jordi is among those to pay
The Czech is playing in only her second tournament since she was stabbed by an intruder at her home in December. Kvitova will play fellow Czech Lucie Safarova in Saturday's semi-final. Safarova came through a marathon contest with Australian Daria Gavril
Loyalist Community Council (LCC) has created the flag to commemorate the centenary of the World War One battle. It says the flag is supported by three paramilitary groups, the Ulster Defence Association (UDA), the Ulster Volunteer Force (UVF) and the Red Hand Commando.
Citroen's Meeke wins penultimate stage to extend his lead to 37.2 seconds. The Briton narrowly missed parked cars as he went off the road with under one kilometre left. Meeke finished 13.8 seconds ahead of world champion Sebastien Ogier
Video shows another Baidu executive in the driver's seat with his hands off wheel. Mr Li reportedly told his audience the vehicle was on autopilot and that the journey was smooth. Baidu is one of many firms developing prototypes of self-driving vehicles.
Brian Matthew began broadcasting in the days of skiffle and was still at the microphone in the second decade of the 21st Century. Many of the most enduring acts in pop history kick-started their careers on one of his many radio shows. As presenter of Thank Your Lucky Stars, he introduced
Charnley has crossed codes from Wigan Warriors to Sale Sharks. It is the most high-profile switch since Sam Burgess's move to Bath. The 25-year-old says he is excited about the new challenge.
A fifth of Israel's population is Arab and they often complain of poor public services. Human Rights Watch has published several reports highlighting the discrimination they face. Deputy Commissioner Hakrush was formally appointed into his new position on Wednesday.
Consett's steel works was closed by Thatcher's government 36 years ago. The town has never had a Conservative MP but the Tory vote held up surprisingly well in other parts of the North-East while Thatcher was in power. In 1983, the party took 34% of North East votes,
Iglesias was performing in Tijuana, Mexico when he reached for the drone. He was "semi-treated" at the side of the stage to stop the bleeding. The singer is one of the highest-selling Latin musicians of all time.
Alan McQuillan said police needed to focus on paramilitaries as source of drugs problem. Former policeman was taking part in a BBC Talkback discussion about drug dealing in Northern Ireland. He said the focus needed to be on teaching parents and children about the reality of the drugs trade.
Maro Itoje starts at lock in an otherwise unchanged pack from the one that beat the Crusaders last Saturday. Flanker Peter O'Mahony captains the side in Rotorua, with tour skipper Sam Warburton on the replacements' bench. Owen Farrell is among the
Action on Hearing Loss Cymru survey found many job seekers are reluctant to list it on CVs. Many public sector organisations showed poor practice in report to mark Deaf Awareness Week. Maggie Hampton said she had not had an interview in 16 years of stating they were deaf on C
Aaron Lewis, 26, was shot three times outside Anna Jungs in Wavertree. He was taken to Aintree Hospital, where he was later pronounced dead. Police believe the offender ran down the road towards the city centre. A 19-year-old man went to hospital with a
The UN bestowed the honorary title to Wonder Woman on her 75th birthday on Friday. The decision sparked outrage among both UN members and women's rights advocates across the world. More than 1,000 UN staff members signed an online petition arguing that Wonder Woman was not an appropriate choice.
Spencer Vaughan, 27, suffered spinal damage after hitting his head on a sand bar. He is seeking damages from the MoD for not warning about the dangers. Mr Justice Davis will give his ruling at a later date.
Donald Trump's first face-to-face meeting with a world leader since winning election. Meeting in Trump Tower, New York, described as 'candid' and 'warm' by Japanese leader. Japan and the US have been key allies since the end of World War Two.
Rio Ferdinand, Thierry Henry, Alan Shearer, Danny Murphy, Mark Lawrenson and Neil Lennon give their verdict on the 2014 European Championship so far. The traditional heavyweights are all safely through the group stage, along with all of the home nations, the Republic of Ireland -
Tara Hudson, 26, was jailed at the all-male HMP Bristol for 12 weeks after admitting assault. Her supporters claim it has placed her in danger of sexual violence. More than 110,000 people have signed a petition calling for her to be moved. Hudson's
Shocked onlookers swam across the lake at Stanborough Park, Welwyn Garden City. Nissan Qashqai was pulled from the water by the fire service shortly after 16:00. The man, who is from Potters Bar, was taken to hospital but discharged later in the
Released in 1981 the BBC Micro had 128KB of memory, equivalent to 8,000 Micro Computers. The memory was so small you couldn't even fit one photo from today's smartphones on there. It was in around 80% of school classrooms in the UK at the time.
22-year-old helped Southend win promotion out of League Two last season. Pigott is reunited with Luton boss Nathan Jones, who was his under-21 manager at the Addicks.
10-part series will star Breaking Bad's Bryan Cranston. Other writers on the project include Matthew Graham and Kelly Marcel. Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas writer Tony Grisoni is also one of the scriptwriters. Dick, who died in 1982 at the age of 53, had
Child is thought to have been shot by her father who was found dead at the scene. Police would not confirm the relationship between the girl and the man. Body of the man was found in a car parked outside a house in the Spring Hill area of Northiam. Prayers have
Bill Palmer, from Southampton, married his wife Sheila, 85, on 2 June 2014. Shortly afterwards she fell and was taken into hospital and moved into a nursing home. Mr Palmer phoned the BBC Radio Solent programme on Wednesday during a phone-in on "Love - later in life
Banbury's Horton General has been trying to recruit obstetricians since April. Trust has told Horton staff the plan could take effect from the end of September. MP Victoria Prentis, Banbury MP, said the plan was 'terrifying' and 'unacceptable' Campaigners
Rare mineral is only found beneath Treak Cliff Hill, near Castleton in the Peak District. The vein has been named the Ridley Vein after Gary Ridley, the miner who found it. He said he could not "believe his eyes" when he came across the Blue John.
Olympic hopeful Singh tested positive for a banned substance. The 28-year-old is the second Indian athlete to fail a doping test ahead of Rio Olympics. Wrestler Narsingh Yadav also tested positive last week. Yadav claims his food supplements were spiked
Tablets are now being used in 68% of primary and 69% of secondary schools. In 9% of schools, there was an individual tablet device for every pupil. Tablets for Schools study looked at 671 state and independent schools.
Fossil Free QUB group occupy floor of university's administration building. They are calling for the university to withdraw its investments entirely from fossil fuel corporations. One of the students involved said the university was being "intransigent" in refusing to commit to divestment.
The 27-year-old winger had his contract at Derby County cancelled by mutual consent. The Guinean played 26 games and scored just once for the Rams last season. Camara has previously played for Rennes, Sochaux, PAOK and Mallorca.
Londoner beat competition from Florence + The Machine, Wolf Alice and Gaz Coombes. He dedicated his award to the victims of the Paris terror attacks. The 26-year-old's debut album is a searingly personal collection of piano-based songs. It touches on his
The suspect, a Zimbabwean national, was found in the Gugulethu township near Cape Town. He is due to be formally charged in court later on Thursday or Friday. The victim, aged 62, had been stabbed in his chest and neck and had a bite mark on his face
96 Poles were killed when a plane they were travelling in went down in Russia in 2010. Mr Kaczynski's Law and Justice party never accepted an inquiry that found the crash was an accident. The party, which was returned to power in elections last month, accuses Mr Tusk of negligence
Cardiff City owe around £174m - most of it to owner Vincent Tan. This was despite revenue increasing more than five fold to almost £80m. Financial figures showed that the club's broadcasting and commercial income rose from from £8m to more than £70m.
Unconscious man was found on Old Shoreham Road at the junction with Lancaster Road. It is believed he was hit by a vehicle which failed to stop, Sussex Police said. He has potentially life-threatening injuries, police said.
Sheffield City Council has launched an appeal to raise Â£150,000 for a bronze sculpture in the Barkers Pool area. Former steelworker Kathleen Roberts said: "It breaks my heart that we haven't been recognised and everyone else has been"
19-year-old striker went off injured just minutes after being introduced as a substitute in Saturday's 1-1 draw with Plymouth Argyle. Nelson has played four games for Pools since joining in January. "It's doubtful that he will be able to play again this season
26 beaches ranked as Scotland's'most excellent' for water quality.
Rob Kearney, Rob Kearney and Conor Murray score tries as Ireland beat France. Sexton suffered suspected groin injury, before O'Connell was carried off at the end of the first half. O'Mahony was forced off 14 minutes into the second half with a leg injury.
Sean Buckley, 28, of Tonypandy, carried out a 'deliberate and vicious' attack on Finley Thomas. Buckley was also found guilty of child cruelty, a charge his partner Chloe Thomas, Finley's mother, had already admitted at Cardiff Crown Court. Sentencing
The 86-year-old first became prime minister in 1982, beginning a third spell as leader in 2014. He said he was resigning in favour of a "younger and more dynamic leader" Opposition parties have criticised the move but in practice there is little they can do to stop
Scientists in London created an artificial windpipe which was coated in stem cells from the patient. Crucially, the technique does not need a donor, and there is no risk of the organ being rejected. The 36-year-old cancer patient is doing well a month after the operation.
Nigeria defender Oshaniwa has signed for Hearts from Israel's Ironi Ashdod. The 24-year-old has spent the last three years in the Israeli Premier League. Oshaniwa played all of Nigeria's matches at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil. Rob
Misa Eguchi moves into the main draw for the tournament. Azarenka separated from her son's father in July. The 28-year-old only returned to tennis in June after giving birth to Leo in December.
Louis Thornton, 26, played for Douglas-based Corinthians. Club treasurer Steve Corran said he was a "big character" and a "leader, both on and off the pitch" Corinthians said everyone was welcome at the club to pay their own tributes.
William Mackrell's Gaps, Glitches and Speed Bumps on the No. 9 bus is part of his residency for the Royal British Society of Sculptors.
Stoke City beat Aston Villa 2-1 in their Premier League clash at the Britannia Stadium. Marko Arnautovic opened the scoring with a penalty after Ashley Westwood brought down Phil Bardsley. The Austrian set up his second with a looping header which he then chested
WhatsApp and similar applications make it possible for news organisations to reach far-flung corners of the globe. Here are a few recent examples of how you have enhanced BBC News output by getting in touch via the app. A total of 38 people were killed in an attack on a beach in Tunisia
In 2012, we've swung from droughts to floods, hot to cold weather. The impact has been felt far and wide, not least by the UK's burgeoning wine industry. Jet stream is the culprit for much of the extreme weather that the UK has seen this year. Professor Tim
Cambridge United will face Manchester United in a Capital One Cup fourth round replay at Old Trafford. Red Devils keeper Chris Dunn saves from Radamel Falcao and Angel Di Maria to deny Red Devils. Cambridge defender Josh Coulson headed the ball off the line in the first half.
France says it is "worried about the continued worsening of the situation" in Syria. Turkey began shelling the militia, which it says is linked to the banned Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK) Syria condemned the Turkish action as a violation of its sovereignty and asked UN Security Council to intervene
Fire crews called to blaze in second-floor property on George Street at 05:15. Man's condition is not thought to be serious and he is being treated in hospital.
Thomas Baker, known as Tommy, was found badly injured at Stanley Meat Market. The 44-year-old, from Everton, had been shot in the head and chest and died later in hospital. Three Liverpool men arrested - two aged 29 and the other 32 - remain in police custody.
Peterborough lost 2-1 at home to Oldham in League One on Tuesday night. Posh have now lost three games in a row since FA Cup defeat by Oldham. Manager Tom Westley believes there is a 'hangover' from cup defeat.
Latest tests have showed satisfactory water quality levels, FSA said. Closures remain in place in Devon at Slapton, Taw and Torridge and in Jersey.
Georgia says Russian troops have placed signs marking the "state border" of South Ossetia further inside its territory. Move has left a small portion of the Baku-Supsa oil pipeline under Russia's effective control. Russia has brushed off accusations about its role.
Pupils in the school at the heart of the Charlie Hebdo attacks in Paris were at school close to the magazine's offices. One of my students heard the shots being fired by the Kouachi brothers. Many of our pupils skateboard in Place de la Republique. It all meant a
Ghana has not been affected by the epidemic in West Africa, which has killed more than 11,000 people. Head of the mission, Peter Graaff, met the Ghanaian president to thank the country for hosting the agency since it was set up in September last year. Most of the
Rescue workers from Nepal and the US worked for hours to free a 15-year-old boy from the rubble of a building. A woman was pulled from a collapsed block where she had been trapped alongside three bodies. Bad weather is hampering the delivery of relief to remote villages,
United Health Group was the best performer on the Dow Jones, up 2.7%. Overall though, the main US share indexes closed lower. The failure to find an agreement between Greece and its creditors continued to hang over shares.
South Shields will host the tie, which takes place on 19 August. Match of the Day commentator Conor McNamara and former Manchester United striker Danny Webber will talk you through the action. A game from every stage of the 2017-18 tournament will be streamed live across BBC Sport's digital platforms.
Jonathan Calderwood is the head groundsman at Paris Saint-Germain. Calderwood was raised just 'up the road' from me in Clough, County Antrim. His pitch will host Northern Ireland's game against Germany in Euro 2016.
Venezuela's Supreme Court has declared the National Assembly null and void. Four lawmakers were barred after alleged irregularities during the 6 December vote. Without the four legislators, the opposition has 109 seats and the government 54. With the four banned legislators, opposition gets 112 seats it needs to reach the
The lorry was found by Bedfordshire Police at Toddington Services, on the M1. Six people are being held in custody. Essex Police Supt Trevor Roe said it was a "positive outcome"
Study examined the reading habits of 6,000 children from 1970 British Cohort Study. Those who had been reading books and newspapers more than once a week aged 16 performed better than those who had read less. There was a 14.4% advantage in vocabulary, 9.9% in maths
Goodwin is accused of striking Dundee United striker Aidan Connolly. The 32-year-old Irishman has until Wednesday to respond to the complaint. Goodwin was banned for two matches last season for elbowing Stuart Armstrong.
Church of England votes to allow women to be bishops for the first time in 2,000 years. Women constitute a third of the 11,000 Anglican priests, several of whom have reached senior positions. Evangelical traditionalists oppose women bishops because they believe the Bible calls for men to
Colin Gregg, 75, denies nine counts of indecent assault against four boys. Allegations relate to a period when Mr Gregg was a teacher and head teacher, beginning in 1963. He has dismissed the allegations as "evil lies" motivated by money.
Northstone showed a pre-tax profit of??6m on turnover of??239m, compared to 2012 when profit of Â£8m was achieved on aÂ£299m turnover. The company's workforce fell from 992 to 968 over the year and the accounts show redundancy
Kenya has increased its security budget this year by 24% to $1.7bn (Â£1bn) from last year's $1.3bn. The country's growth projections for 2014 have been revised down by as much as 0.5% from 5.5
Nearly 4,000 fighters volunteered for the programme but only 400 were given places. Supporting the troops militarily on the battlefield has not been ruled out. Pentagon intends to train and arm more than 15,000 rebels over the next three years.
Liberal centrist Emmanuel Macron and nationalist Marine Le Pen are already revolutionising French politics. They disagree on many issues, especially Europe and immigration. The decisive second round is on 7 May - and polls suggest Mr Macron is ahead.
Derek Serpell-Morris, known as DJ Derek, went missing last July aged 73. His remains were discovered in March after a high-profile search. He was known to thousands of music fans and played hundreds of sets at local clubs and pubs.
Adam Lanza lived with his mother in a well-to-do neighbourhood of Newtown, Connecticut. He attended Sandy Hook School, which he attended as a child, but made few friends. His mother pulled him out of the school and taught him at home because she was unhappy with the school
Anna O'Flanagan, Katie Mullan and Zoe Wilson scored the goals for Ireland. Ireland beat Wales in the semi-finals of the World League 3 tournament. The Irish now turn their focus to the Eurohockey Championships this summer.
Man suffered serious neck injuries after falling from a low roof at Melbury Lodge, Royal Hampshire County Hospital, in December 2015. The Care Quality Commission (CQC) brought the prosecution against Southern Health, who run the hospital. Southern Health has previously been criticised over its failure to properly investigate
Two men in their 20s arrested on suspicion of possession of a firearm and ammunition. Operation was not linked to a fatal police shooting at Tracey Court in Luton earlier in the day. Residents warned by armed police to stay inside their homes during the incident.
Is this economic pain cancelled, or simply postponed? If it is pain cancelled that means better real incomes for voters. It means higher tax receipts for the government, lower levels of borrowing and more leeway to spend money on public services. If consumers feel the world around them is feeling positive
Lib Dem Jane Dodds said UKIP lacked "care and compassion" UKIP's Caroline Jones said Ms Dodds was "taking things to extremes" It follows UKIP leader Nigel Farage's comments on migrants using the NHS for HIV treatment costing Â£25,000 per year.
Milos Raonic beats Roger Federer in straight sets to win Brisbane title. The 25-year-old Canadian lost to the Swiss in last year's final in three sets. Raonic had only beaten Federer once in their previous 10 encounters.
Danny Rose scored twice for the Stags to inflict a sixth successive defeat on the home side. Morecambe have now lost their last six matches in a row in all competitions. Mansfield have now gone six league games without a win.
The 29-year-old man suffered head and body injuries in the attack in Kilmarnock. He managed to get help from a neighbour before he was taken to hospital. Police have appealed for help in tracing the attackers, who were wearing balaclavas.
Andy Halliday outshone Scott Brown in the Scottish Cup semi-final, says ex-Rangers midfielder Barry Ferguson. Rangers beat Celtic 3-2 on penalties after the match finished 2-2 at the end of extra-time. Halliday was voted the sponsor's man of
Newport County confirm Mike Flynn as caretaker boss until the end of the season. Graham Westley was sacked after just five months in charge of the League Two club. Newport are currently 11 points adrift at the bottom of League Two.
Janice Farman, originally from Clydebank, was killed at her home in front of her son. Three men have appeared in court in connection with her murder. Her parents said they heard about her death through social media and cannot attend her funeral. Alexander and Doreen Far
Survey suggests most voters will not be able to name any of the candidates. Less than one in three people in six regions could name their local councillors. Reaction was highest in Scotland, Northern Ireland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Satisfaction with councils is highest in North East England
Reactions range from "BBC has killed Top Gear" to praise for a "brave BBC" Russian Defence Ministry offers Jeremy Clarkson a job at its own TV station. Iranian Twitter user declares: "We are all Jeremy Clarkson," arguing "no one can present like him" Argent
Asif Khan faced allegations of misconduct at Birmingham's Oldknow Academy. National College of Teaching and Leadership panel heard allegations against him in November. Professional Conduct Panel has said it did not find the case proven. Oldknow Academy was one of several investigated amid claims of Muslim hardliners' plot
Welshman has spent time at eight clubs including Nottingham Forest, Yeovil and Peterborough. The 32-year-old earned his only cap for Wales in 2006. "No matter what club you are at you have to strive to do the best you can and aim for the top
Year-long trial showed performance on memory tests also improved. Study looked at healthy people in their 60s rather than people with Alzheimer's. In the UK, 820,000 people have dementia, and figure is set to double by 2030.
Ben Hall, 25, from Port Erin was found hanged in his bathroom in June 2012. Coroner John Needham said his suicide could have been avoided. Unsafe rails at the hospital have since been replaced.
Evie Markham, 18, from Albrighton in Shropshire, is safe in a hostel in Kathmandu. The Foreign and Commonwealth Office said it was looking into her case. Sue Markham said her daughter received "no help whatsoever" after arriving at Kath
British number one Johanna Konta faces Puerto Rican Monica Puig. Serena Williams will face a qualifier or lucky loser. Laura Robson has drawn Australian Open champion Angelique Kerber. James Ward will play Novak Djokovic in his opening match.
UK voted 52% to 48% to leave the European Union after 43 years of membership. European stock markets fell heavily on the news and the value of the pound fell dramatically. The European parliament has called a special session for next Tuesday. Marine Le Pen, leader of France's National
Border Force officers found 19 Albanians and one Syrian hidden in a trailer. The HGV driver, Marek Niedzwiecki, 33, was jailed for five years. Accomplices Ferdinand Gjolla and Armando Mekolli were jailed for eight and three years respectively.
The Haka means "fierce dance" and was traditionally performed by the Maoris before going into battle. Prince Harry is currently on a week-long tour of New Zealand.
Scottish obesity levels, currently 30%, are projected to rise to 40% by 2030. Food Standards Scotland said in-store promotions were heavily weighted in favour of unhealthy food. The Scottish Grocers' Federation said the report failed to take account of the efforts already being made to promote healthy eating
Alleged abuse was raised in 1992 and the employee was dismissed. The Glasgow club said the employee, who is now dead, had worked at Partick for two years. Police Scotland and the Scottish Football Association have been informed.
Basildon Council said it is aware of "an alleged breach of planning laws" Essex Police has also been informed. Hovefield site is less than three miles from Dale Farm traveller site in Wickford.
Combining Three with O2 would create the UK's biggest mobile group. However, the move could face tough scrutiny from competition regulators. It would reduce the number of major operators in the UK from four to three. Further consolidation within the telecommunications industry is already on the cards.
Wales face Samoa and Tonga in a double-header on Saturday. Warren Gatland will name his Lions squad on 19 April. Cardiff Blues face the Ospreys at the Principality Stadium. Newport Gwent Dragons play the Scarlets in the other game.
The project was the result of a joint study by two researchers at ETH Zurich University. They hope the technology could eventually be used to save lives.
Paul Good and Darryl Shellard jailed for eight and seven years each. Lee Doran sentenced to 16 months for admitting fraud. Police said one businessman even lost his home as a result of scam.
Faith groups and the North East Scotland Credit Union (Nescu) have set up an account to allow people to donate money for essential items. Nine families have been resettled in Aberdeenshire in the past few weeks.
This is the time of year when forward planning is the centre of attention. Here some of the best business leaders - and rock music legends - share their thoughts on running a business in 2016.
Cornish Pirates captain Morgan Cheesman has amassed over 200 games since joining from Newbury in 2008. Cheesman, a three times Oxford Blue, joined the Championship side in 2012 and has made over 100 appearances. The Pirates have already agreed new deals with prop Marlen Walker and back
Support Stafford Hospital campaigners and police said up to 30,000 people joined the march, from the town centre to the hospital. A Monitor report published in February called for the closure of acute services including the A&E department. Thousands of people had previously signed a petition calling for Stafford Hospital's
Luke Bennett, 20, was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis four years ago. After medication and steroids failed to improve his condition, he decided to undergo surgery six weeks ago.
George Washington was the only founding father and commander-in-chief to liberate his slaves. While he lived, the nation's first president extracted his pound of flesh from those whom he preferred to call his "servants", or "family" Washington saw himself as a benevolent master, but he
Councils in the region described scheme as one of several 'priority projects' in devolution negotiations. Scheme would see trams run to East Midlands Airport and the proposed HS2 station at Toton. Light Rail Transit Association chairman Andrew Braddock supports the project.
Newport Gwent Dragons chief executive Stuart Davies says decision is 'hugely important moment' Davies warns holding company Rodney Parade Ltd faces going into liquidation if deal is not agreed. Shareholders have been issued with a document providing information on the central issues. Rugby union
Hundreds of revellers took part in the celebration of the coming of summer. The modern Beltane Fire Festival has run since 1988. Event co-ordinator Sara Thomas said Beltane was an ancient tradition with a modern twist.
Developer Lovell is building 346 homes on sites in the area. They are expected to be completed at a rate of 15 a week. L/Cpl Richard Neely and his wife Rachel were the first to see inside their property.
Joshua Brown was killed when his car collided with a lorry while in Autopilot mode. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration closed its investigation into the crash. It found no evidence that the car's systems "did not perform as designed" The NHTSA said it would continue to monitor
Screen grabs showing messages from gay activists circulated on social media sites. In one, the prime minister apologises to all homosexuals living in Uganda. Earlier this year, a controversial anti-gay bill was re-tabled in the Ugandan parliament. It proposes to increase the penalties for homosexual
A Portadown man was stopped on his way back from a Bulgarian 'lad's holiday' with a knuckle duster, stun device, extendable baton and pepper spray. "When people come back from Spain they bring sombreros and donkeys, you brought back pepper spray
The 38-year-old took 5-3 against New Zealand during Sri Lanka's 2014 World T20-winning run. He claimed 18 wickets in 17 matches in the shortest format. Herath will continue at Test level and needs only three more wickets to reach 300.
Victim was struck in Lawley Middleway between Ashted Circus and Curzon Circle. A 78-year-old man arrested on suspicion of drinking and driving and failing to stop has been bailed. Officers are trying to trace relatives of the victim, believed to be from eastern Europe.
President Obama said the law would set a "dangerous precedent" 15 of the 19 hijackers that day were Saudi nationals, but the kingdom has denied any role in the attacks. The White House said it was "a pretty classic case of rapid onset buyer's remorse" Relatives of
Transocean Winner rig ran aground at Dalmore on Lewis in a storm. It was later refloated and anchored at Broad Bay before being put on board the heavy lift ship Hawk. The rig will be repaired and stripped of fittings in Malta before being taken to Turkey to be scrapped.
Couple beaten to death and burned in brick kiln where they worked in Punjab province. Police say suspects are due to appear in court on Wednesday in Lahore. Allegations of blasphemy are often used in Pakistan to settle personal scores or to target minorities. Pakistan's blasphemy laws carry
Libya has had two rival parliaments - an Islamist-backed one in Tripoli and an internationally recognised government in the east. UN envoy Bernardino Leon said Fayez Sarraj would be nominated as prime minister. Libya's politicians have faced increasing pressure from the West to reach agreement on a
Everyday Church Online runs virtual services every Sunday for a net-based congregation. Guardians of Ancora is a free-to-play fantasy game aimed at eight to 11-year-olds. German marketing company Viral.de had huge success with its 2010 video.
Lawrence Phillips was a star player at the University of Nebraska in the 1990s. He played for the St Louis Rams, Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers until 1999. After his NFL career, he continued to have problems with the law. Eventually, he was sent to prison after
Six fatal police shootings between April 2016 to March 2017, up from three in 2015/16. Number of deaths in police road traffic incidents rose by 11 to 32 - the biggest total in eight years. Twenty-eight of the road traffic deaths were related to police pursuits of vehicles. IP
Adidas to end commercial relationship with the IAAF in 2016. The original 11-year agreement started in 2008. BBC revealed in January it understood Adidas would terminate the deal as a direct result of the doping scandal.
William Porterfield scores his 16th Ireland century as they add 73 runs to declare on 240-7. Stephan Myburgh's 85 steadied the Dutch after Wesley Barresi suffered a duck. The result moved Ireland to the top of the Intercontinental Cup table.
The deputy president was not at home at the time of the incident. Specialist troops had been deployed to deal with the intruder, who was hiding in a partially-constructed building. Earlier reports suggested a number of gunmen had entered Mr Ruto's home. The incident comes 10 days
Parts of the Mariana Trench in the Pacific Ocean are up to 11 kilometres deep. A team has been sending down a robotic submarine called Deep Discoverer with a camera on it. The three-month expedition is looking for things like fish, mud volcanoes and deep sea coral.
Singer died in April from an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl. He did not leave a will and did not have any children. Reports in Minnesota say his estate may be worth at least $300m (Â£227m) A judge has now ordered genetic tests to be carried out
Stuart Campbell was arrested in the west of England on Friday following a complaint from a woman in south London. Mr Campbell, who was released on bail, said it concerned some tweets and insisted they were not threatening. He accused the media of "innuendo" designed to encourage "speculations
West Ham have been linked with takeovers from Qatari and Chinese groups. Sullivan and Gold bought a majority stake in West Ham in 2010. Between them they now own more than 85% of the club.
Revenue rose to $20.26bn (Â£14bn) between January and March. Net income for the quarter was $4.2bn, up from $3.5bn a year ago. Google's share price fell about 6% in after-hours trading.
Penman Engineering near Dumfries went into administration in November last year. The number of employees at the time had fallen to just 14 but now stands at 67. Director Chris Williams said that if new work they hoped to secure did come in then numbers would rise further.
Julie Sayles, 59, of Bridlington, denies fraud charges at Hull Crown Court. She is alleged to have persuaded Edith Negus to change her will to benefit her. Ms Sayles said she became close to Mrs Negus after she started taking her for days out.
Man airlifted to hospital after collision on an unnamed road in Tanlan, Ffynnongroyw. North Wales Police and Health and Safety Executive are investigating the crash.
Google Home speaker and assistant launched in the US in November. It can answer basic queries as well as control smart home devices and offer news updates. Google also launching its own wi-fi service in the UK to solve "frustration when wireless connectivity fails at home" Google Home will be
Afusat Saliu, 31, and her daughters Bassy, four, and Rashidat, two, were arrested on Wednesday. The family had been due to leave on a Virgin Atlantic flight to Lagos on Thursday. Sir Richard Branson received more than 1,000 tweets calling on him
Henry Reilly was UKIP's Northern Ireland candidate in last year's European elections. The Newry, Mourne and Down councillor was suspended from the party in September. A UKIP spokesman confirmed on Tuesday that Mr Reilly had been expelled.
Trevor O'Neill was shot outside a supermarket in Majorca on Wednesday. His partner and three children, aged five, seven and 10, were with him when the attack happened. Police believe the attack was connected to a dispute between the Hutch and Kinahan groups.
Tian Tian was artificially inseminated earlier this year. She had previously given birth to twins in China but all attempts to produce a cub at Edinburgh Zoo have failed. If a cub was born, it would be returned to China at the age of two.
David McGoldrick put Ipswich ahead midway through the first half. Freddie Sears raced clear to double the lead. Wigan improved after the break, but Sears pounced late on to make it 3-0.
Ben Flower was the first man to be sent off in a Grand Final for Wigan Warriors. Flower punched St Helens' Lance Hohaia to the ground and then landed a second blow to his face. St Helens won the match 14-6 to win their first Super League
Buses will take migrants to Hegyeshalom, on the border with Austria, PM's chief of staff says. It is unclear whether they will be allowed in to Austria. Hungary has become a major transit nation for people fleeing the Middle East and Africa.
Victor Moses has not played for Chelsea since Jose Mourinho returned as coach two years ago. Moses scored four goals in 23 appearances while on loan at Stoke last season. There were suggestions he could be part of a deal to take Asmir Begovic to Stamford Bridge.
Shaun Williams was sent off for Millwall after just 26 minutes for headbutt on Ruben Lameiras. Coventry took advantage as John Fleck's 30-yard shot was followed up by Marcus Tudgay's toe-poke. Millwall remain fifth in the play-
Scottish government says figures are 'inaccurate and misleading' Each council decides for itself just how much to spend on education. But councils receive the overwhelming bulk of their money from the Scottish government. Councils spent Â£4.67 billion between them last year - down
Clive Weatherhogg, 43, was jailed last May after being found guilty by a jury. Appeal judges agreed that a jury was misdirected over charges relating to the footage sent to relatives. It is understood he will now be released from prison.
Irish President Michael D Higgins travelled to Thiepval in France to pay tribute. He was accompanied by the Irish minister for arts, heritage and the Gaeltacht. The 36th Ulster Division began their attack on German lines on 1 July 1916.
The 12 January fixture is the first time either side has played overseas during the regular season. The first regular-season game to be staged in the UK was the New Jersey Nets' 116-103 success over the Raptors in March 2011.
Karen Gooding's brother, James Hennessy, was a 'welcome brother' to the family. 'Jimmy' loved racing homing pigeons with his father, racing under their own company. He had a great love of music and spent many a night in each other's
Grimsby Town beat Mansfield Town 3-0 at Blundell Park. Calum Dyson scored a double and Chris Clements scored the other. It was Grimsby's first win in five League Two games.
Somali President Farmajo declares war on al-Qaeda-linked group al-Shabab. Militants will get training, employment and education if they give up within 60 days. The UN-backed government in Mogadishu has been fighting the militants for control of Somalia for
JCB confirms it has ended its membership of the CBI, but does not give reasons why. Sky news had earlier reported that it was due to the group's response to the referendum outcome. JCB's chairman, Lord Bamford, was a prominent supporter of the 'leave' campaign.
Domestic helpers in Hong Kong call for a pay rise and better working conditions. Demonstration comes after the deaths of several helpers in recent months. At least four other helpers are reported to have died this year from work accidents or suicide. The minimum wage is currently HK$4,210
England captain Morgan hits run-a-ball 92 at Headingley. David Willey had earlier reduced Australia to 30-3 with the new ball. Glenn Maxwell top-scored with 85 off 64 balls. England can still send Australia home defeated across all formats.
Walsall's best chance saw Florent Cuvelier long-range strike held by Millwall goalkeeper Jordan Archer. The hosts had the better chances as Lee Gregory volleyed over and Steve Morison headed Shane Ferguson's cross wide. Substitute Aiden O'Brien fired over from
Pep Lijnders joins the first-team coaching set-up at Liverpool. The academy coach has managed Bournemouth, Doncaster Rovers, Crawley Town, Nottingham Forest and Bristol City. O'Driscoll had only been England Under-19s head coach since
Samuel Jacob was born in Syria but lives in Pittsburgh, US. He recently got married but cannot be with his wife. Helen Honarpisheh is an Iranian citizen, but a permanent resident of the US.
The Home Affairs Committee said police training for public disorder was inadequate. It said the operation to police the disorder in many towns and cities was flawed. Met Police said it had outlined what it was doing to improve. Committee chairman Keith Vaz said individual police officers acted with great bravery.
Online Influence Conference takes place in Cardiff this week. Marketing expert John Watton says old barriers to social media marketing no longer exist. Andrew Grill, IBM's partner social business at IBM, says even small firms can do social media well. Dr Jonathan Deacon, reader in marketing and
The European Union is a group of 28 countries in Europe whose governments work together. To join you have to agree to follow the rules and in return you get certain benefits. The EU uses the money to change the way people live and do business in Europe.
Domenico Masciopinto, 35, was jailed for 14 years in 2012 for drug-dealing. He told estranged wife Giulia, 37, to find cash buried in their Bedford garden. She pleaded guilty to concealing criminal property and has been jailed for nine months.
Japanese knotweed can crack tarmac, block drains, undermine foundations and invade homes. Its presence can be enough to cut a property's value by up to 20%, or prevent a mortgage lender approving a loan. The Environment Agency commissioned a new app to track Japanese knotweed, using the crowd
Poole Borough Council plans to raise charges by 10% in 2017 and 5% every year until 2020. Almost 1,400 names are on the waiting list for hiring its 1,100 seaside huts annually. Council figures show prospective tenants could face a minimum wait of up to 18
Strong winds tore the barge from its moorings and sent it towards BP's Valhall platform. The oil and gas company was forced to shut down output and evacuate staff on board. Stormy weather in the area has seen waves topping 15m (50ft) A man died when
Last year, the UK exported £245m worth of chocolate, up by almost a quarter on 2015. Exports of unfilled chocolates and chocolate products totalled just over £30m. Marks and Spencer says it exports a number of its popular eggs to its 468 shops overseas
Up to 800 licensed premises would have paid between Â£299 andÂ£4,400 to offset costs. Merseyside Police had estimated the annual cost of policing the city centre from midnight to 06:00 to be aboutÂ£540,000. Some bars and clubs in Liverpool
MSF wants the bombing to be investigated as a war crime. US says it was a mistake and it was attempting to strike the Taliban. White House spokesman Josh Earnest also hints at possibility of paying victims' families.
British number one Shuker and France's Stephane Houdet win mixed doubles. They defeated Alfie Hewett and USA's Dana Mathewson 6-3 7-5. All four finalists said they wanted to see more mixed doubles events on tour.
Colombian president Juan Manuel Santos wins Nobel Peace Prize for peace deal with Farc rebels. Peace deal was rejected by 50.2% of voters who went to the polls on 2 October. About 260,000 people have been killed and more than six million internally displaced in Colombia.
Lewis Tierney and John Bateman score tries for Wigan. Denny Solomona crossed for Castleford. Nick Gregson got his first senior try. Dom Crosby made his first appearance of the season.
Liam Henderson opened the scoring with a wonderful free-kick. John McGinn doubled the lead against his former club. Stevie Mallan pulled one back with a free kick of his own before half-time. Anthony Stokes played the final 20 minutes and marked his Easter Road return
Wilson rejoined Championship side Forest from Celtic for £2.5m in August 2013. The 30-year-old made 51 appearances in his second spell at the City Ground. He has also previously had spells with Preston North End and Notts County.
Thousands of Burmese Tamils live in north-eastern Indian town of Moreh. They were forced to leave the country following military coup in the 1960s. Moreh is considered to be India's gateway to South East Asia.
Charity Relate carried out survey of 20,980 people in relationships from 2013-15. 2.87 million people were in 'distressed' relationships - 18% of married or cohabiting couples. Dr David Marjoribanks, from Relate, said constant bick
National Audit Office has been looking into why the project was axed. UK government said it had not "closed the door" on carbon capture technology. Scottish government said lessons needed to be learned about approach to this type of technology.
Galileo promises to be much more accurate than the US-owned GPS. It will allow you to know where you are not just in a street - but even in a building. The project is hugely expensive, and Galileo has been plagued by delays and cost over-runs.
Lindsay Rimer, 13, went missing in Hebden Bridge, Rochdale, in November 1994. Her body was found five months later in a canal a mile from the town centre. Despite extensive police inquiries, her killer has never been found. Kate Rimer said not knowing
PSNI said they were not linking the post to recent shootings at this stage. It comes after a series of paramilitary-style attacks in the Turf Lodge area. Sinn Féin's Pat Sheehan said some people on the list had already been shot.
Peter Taylor led Gillingham to 17th place in League One last season. Gillingham are currently two points from safety after a run of one win in 12 games. The Gills have only won three of their 16 league games this season.
Wales beat Cyprus 1-0 in Cyprus to stay top of Group B. Real Madrid's Gareth Bale scored the only goal of the game in Nicosia. Wales can qualify for a major finals for the first time since 1958 with victory. Manager Chris Coleman says Joe Ledley
More than a billion people speak Mandarin in the world. Prime Minister believes learning the Chinese language will help Britain do more business with China.
Sepsis is triggered by infections and causes around 37,000 deaths a year in the UK. Sepsis usually develops from blood poisoning and involves a dramatic reaction by the body's immune system. If not treated quickly it can lead to organ failure or death. Early symptoms can include a high temperature and
Derbyshire Wildlife Trust took legal action after Derby City Council approved the track. Trust said the development would damage the habitat of rare birds. Interim order to stop work was issued last week and will remain in place until judicial review.
Bridgwater Community Hospital will have 30 inpatient beds, a midwifery-led maternity unit, a minor injury unit and X-ray and space for mobile scanners. The current hospital was built in 1813, but it has become cramped and outdated. Three out of Somerset's
The 80 signatories include leading figures in the Asian hospitality industry. PM is expected to recommend Britain remains in a reformed EU. Remain campaigners said several Commonwealth leaders, including India's PM, had urged Britain to stay in.
Ms Cooper said the party appeared to be polarising between "different extremes" She said it was "very unlikely" she would serve in the shadow cabinet under Mr Corbyn. Mr Corbyn pledged to use the backing of party members to force MPs to support his agenda. Polls suggest he
Katy Perry, Barry Gibb and Ed Sheeran confirmed as headliners. Stormzy, Kano and Wiley to play on Pyramid Stage on Friday, 23 June. Foo Fighters take the Saturday night slot, making up for 2015 when they cancelled due to Dave Grohl's injury
Lenticular clouds are lens-shaped lenticular clouds. Rain or light snow above the atmosphere would have added the rainbow reflections. They are properly known as Altocumulus Lenticularis.
Watford FC announce plans for a statue and pre-season tribute match. Former England manager died on 12 January at the age of 72. Taylor took Watford from Fourth Division to second-placed finish in the top flight in five seasons.
Rob Elloway, Matt Evans and Joe Atkinson were yellow-carded in the second half. Cornish side had beaten their Championship rivals in all three of their previous meetings. Evans and on-loan Exeter scrum-half Stu Townsend scored tries for the Pirates.
Omar Bogle opened the scoring for Grimsby Town with a deflected shot after he burst past two defenders and had his shot deflected off Elliot Johnson. Bogle doubled the lead 10 minutes before the interval when a mistake by Harry Taylor allowed him to run free and beat Jamie Stephens.
Argentina international Nacho Scocco signed for Sunderland in January. The 29-year-old failed to score in eight appearances for the Black Cats. Scocco is expected to be presented to supporters in Rosario on Saturday.
Leaders of Europe's increasingly influential Eurosceptic parties queued up to crow over the British vote. "It's now a reality for everyone. It is possible to leave the EU," proclaimed Marine Le Pen of France's National Front. Angela Merkel urged fellow EU leaders not to rush
The 10km (6.2-mile) stretch of elevated track has seven stations and connects Alandur to Koyambedu. The journey takes 15 minutes - the metro is expected to ease traffic congestion. Chennai is the sixth Indian city to have the metro after Delhi
Fuel pods were left at the junction of Cumsons Road and Tullygeasy Road. The Northern Ireland Environment Agency said the waste will be removed. Ulster Unionist Councillor David Taylor said there was despair and palpable anger.
Liam Dawson, Chris Woakes, James Vince, and Dawid Malan all miss out. Tymal Mills retains his place. Joe Root, Alex Hales, Moeen Ali and Mark Wood also return.
Stuart Thompson hits 56 as Ireland make 165-5 in T20 loss to Afghanistan. Samiullah Shenwari and Mohammad Shahzad help Afghans to 171-4 with two overs to spare. The sides meet again in the second T20 at the same venue on Friday.
Astronaut will break the American record for NASA's longest single space shot. Kelly has been living at the orbiting lab since March and will stay until March 2016. President Barack Obama already has sent his congratulations in a phone call.
The injured bird was found by a walker in Hall Lane, Blubberhouses, on Sunday. It had suffered a shattered wing, possibly a few days earlier, and was put down by a vet. In the past two months, four red kites have died after being shot.
Peter Ward and Richard Hiley were sentenced at Birmingham Crown Court. Pair pleaded guilty to possession, supply and importation of Class A and Class B drugs. Ward was given five years and two months, Hiley five years.
Brian O'Driscoll to line up in midfield against New Zealand. Gordon D'Arcy is recalled at inside centre to resume his partnership with O'Discoll. Fly-half Sexton limped out of the Australia defeat with a hamstring injury. Conor Murray returns
FTSE 100 had gained 0.97%, or 64.57 points, to end at 6,737.95. France's CAC-40 closed up 1.94% at 4,998.10, while Germany's Dax ended 1.49% at 11,484
Margaret Thatcher died peacefully, aged 87, on Monday the 8th of April 2013. She was given a ceremonial funeral with full military honours on 17 April. After 11 years in power, she'd been prime minister for longer than anyone else in the 20th century.
Joint Chiefs chairman says shipment "will embolden the regime and prolong the suffering" Syria's national production has dropped by 40% and the number of people living below the poverty line has risen from two million to five million in just two years. UN estimates that 80,000 people have died
Online bookings for Banksy's 'Dismaland' exhibition were suspended last week. Many users reported issues when sales resumed - prompting claims problems were deliberate. But a spokeswoman for the artist insisted the rumours were untrue. She said the attraction's website was '100% real'
Ed Miliband says it is time for someone else to take over the leadership. Deputy leader Harriet Harman will be interim leader. Shadow chancellor Ed Balls among the party's big-name casualties. Labour also loses its election campaign chief Douglas Alexander and leader in Scotland Jim Murphy.
Three cats in Melton Mowbray, Leicestershire, have died in the last seven days. RSPCA said tests confirmed all of the cats had ingested the toxic substance. It is unclear whether the poisonings were accidental or deliberate.
Rob Baxter is suing Exeter for alleged clinical negligence over a concussion injury. Saracens director of rugby Mark McCall says teams should be able to bring back on players who have been substituted on tactical grounds in the event of a replacement suffering a concussion. McCall: "We want
Singapore asks seven retailers to declare they are not using wood, paper and pulp from firms accused of contributing to fires in Indonesia. IKEA, NTUC FairPrice and IKEA among those asked to do so within a week. Forest fires have caused haze in Singapore's air quality
Hugo Rafael Chavez Frias was due to be sworn in on 10 January for a fourth term. Supreme Court ruled he could take the oath at a later date. Vice-president Maduro pledged loyalty to the president and said Mr Chavez remained in charge. He denied there was a political
Supreme Court to hear case about marriage bans in Kentucky, Michigan, Ohio and Tennessee. Ruling on the cases could fully legalise gay marriage in the US. Court previously struck down a US law preventing federal recognition of marriages in states allowing same-sex unions.
Cambridge University Press is scoring 'confidence levels' out of 100. England's current rating is 70, according to the Cambridge Confidence Index. The score rises and falls dependent on the words used to describe England. Adam Lallana and Luke Shaw have been described more positively than any
Richmond Park and North Kingston MP Zac Goldsmith won 70% of the 9,227 votes cast using an online primary system. He beat London Assembly Member Andrew Boff, MEP Syed Kamall and London's deputy mayor for crime and policing Stephen Greenhalgh. Mr Goldsmith's main rival
Thieves broke into the house in Barnett Road, Brighton, on Friday evening. Paula Palmer said she believed the thieves knew where the occupants of the house were. The stolen jewellery included gold earrings, necklaces and bracelets. Thieves also took the keys to her
David Mullins led the 33-1 chance to victory in his first ride in the world-famous race. The nine-year-old mount, trained by Mouse Morris, triumphed by six lengths. "Everything just went to plan. I couldn't give you a word to describe
Ian McCann reportedly took part in charity bike ride and missed final week of term. 58-year-old handed in sick note after governors declined his request for absence. Lancashire County Council issued 3,907 fines to parents for unauthorised absences.
Lewis Hamilton has described the 'halo' device as 'too drastic' and the 'worst-looking' in Formula 1 history. John Surtees' son Henry died during a Formula Two race in 2009 after being struck on the head by a stray tyre. Fernando Alonso says
Laser mapping will measure the impact of extreme weather on six Welsh islands in the Irish sea. Project led by the Royal Commission of the Ancient and Historical Monuments of Wales. Will assess the damage done to archaeology and heritage sites by coastal erosion.
We will presume that we may quote what you say, unless you ask us not to. Text a radio show: 81333, and start your message with the word "BBC" To make a complaint about a BBC programme or website, visit the BBC Complaints site at bbc.
Paul Lambert has called for a winter break to be introduced into English football. The Blackburn boss was sacked from his first managerial post at League One club Oldham in January. Lambert made six changes for the FA Cup defeat to West Ham and then six for Wednesday's defeat by Derby.
Grammy Awards first started in 1959, as a way to honour those who produce great music. The name Grammy is actually short for gramophone, which is a machine invented in the 19th Century to play music records. When the Grammys first started there were more than 100 different categories
Pernod Ricard is the second biggest distiller of Scotch after Diageo. Its brands include Chivas, The Glenlivet and Ballentine's. Jameson's, the biggest-selling Irish whiskey, continued to be the star performer.
The group made a loss of $219m (Â£175.1m) compared with the same time last year when profits were $106m. The Wall Street Journal now has more than 2.1 million paid subscribers. For the first time, more than 50% of those subscribers were
China Statistics Press, an official agency, says China has around 1,900 newspaper titles. Regional papers are devoting their front pages to a staunch defence of China's claim over the disputed waters. Many feature maps that depict disputed islands in the South China Sea as belonging to China.
Rohan Rhodes was born 15 weeks prematurely at Singleton Hospital in Swansea in 2012. He was transferred to St Michael's Hospital in Bristol for specialist surgery to his heart. The "extremely premature baby" died there aged just 36 days old. Coroner Maria Voisin recorded a narrative
The Colin Bloomfield Melanoma Appeal has reached its target of £75,000. The Freemasons in Derby donated £10,000 to the cause on Monday. Colin Bloomfield was diagnosed with stage four melanoma in 2013. He was given months to live when the cancer
Gary Nixon, 44, fled to Scotland after advertising tickets online for Sweden v England. He said he could arrange accommodation but two victims received nothing. Nixon, of Dundee, admitted obtaining property by deception at Bridgend magistrates. Magistrates ordered him to pay his victims back
Police found the child after being called to a home at Bromsgrove Cottages in Faringdon. A 40-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of murder and the child's next-of-kin have been informed. Police tape remains around the line of c
Cambridge history student was jailed for 16 months for violent disorder in July. 21-year-old was seen hanging from a Union flag on the Cenotaph and leaping on to a Jaguar. He was previously found by a judge to have thrown a rubbish bin at the vehicle.
Dr Sarandev Bhambra was attacked with a machete at a store in Mold, Flintshire. Zack Davies, 26, of Mold, was convicted of attempted murder at Mold Crown Court in June. Judge Rhys Rowlands said Davies had developed "extreme racist views"
At least 14 people killed when a bomber blew himself up in a restaurant popular with Shia militia members. Other attacks hit southern city of Basra, Baghdad and Mashada, north of the capital. Government forces backed by Shia militias and US air strikes have regained control over significant parts of Iraq from
Austria has become a major transit route for migrants seeking to claim asylum in Germany. Officials say 80 asylum applications will be accepted each day, and a maximum of 3,200 people will be allowed to travel through Austria. Austria took in about 90,000 asylum seekers in 2015, about
Beckham's team of investors acquired land in Miami's Overtown neighbourhood. It was the Beckham team's fourth attempt to buy a suitable Miami site. The MLS board has said it supports expansion of the league to 28 clubs.
Actress Tippi Hedren claims Hitchcock tried to kiss her in the back of his limousine. Hedren, now 86, made the claims in her autobiography Tippi: A Memoir. She said she didn't tell anyone because "sexual harassment and stalking were terms that didn
Eman Abd El Aty left an Indian hospital last Thursday after doctors said she lost more than 250kg. Doctors in UAE say she is suffering from a "cardiac issue" and infected bed sores. She arrived in India on a specially-modified Airbus plane in February and was put on a
Video shows Queen playing with a dog in the gardens at Balmoral in Scotland. The Queen Mother raises her arm like a Nazi salute and the Queen copies her. Buckingham Palace say the release of the video is 'disappointing'
Lewis Hamilton is 29 points adrift of Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in title race. Mercedes have won seven of the eight races so far this season. Hamilton has not won at Silverstone since 2008, when he dominated in wet conditions. Fernando Alonso does not think
November to January were the wettest three months since 1910, experts say. Storm Desmond began battering parts of the UK on 5 December, depositing a record month's worth of rain on Cumbria in just one day. About 5,200 homes were flooded and thousands lost power
Labour currently has an overwhelming majority on the council but admits its biggest fear is UKIP. The Conservative group is hoping to increase its share and go someway to returning to its only period in power. Labour has controlled the council for decades apart from two brief periods in the 1970s and then again
Stan Wawrinka beats Novak Djokovic in five sets to win French Open title. Eighth seed beats world No 1 4-6 6-4 6-3 6-5 6-7 (4-7 6-2), his second Grand Slam success. Waw
Ryan Sidebottom takes 4-44 as Durham are dismissed for 156 in reply. Tim Bresnan (47) and Ryan Sidebottom (4-44) put on a last-wicket stand of 67. Yorkshire went into the game with a 34-point lead over Warw
Neil Taylor was injured after falling awkwardly in Swansea's 2-2 draw with Sunderland. The 23-year-old underwent surgery on multiple fractures to his left ankle. Club physotherapist Kate Rees says he is expected to make a full recovery. Taylor will miss Wales' 2014 World
Panel was divided on whether low-harm substances like amyl nitrate (poppers) should be included. The final report was drafted by Home Office officials but some members of the panel insisted on writing in the "safety-valve" clause. Lib Dem Home Affairs spokesman Lord Padd
Raja beat Chababab Rif Al Hoceima 2-1 at the Mohammed V stadium. Fans threw flares and ripped up parts of the ground after the match. 31 people were arrested for "acts of vandalism", according to security officials. Raja have been banned from
Robert Mugabe has led Zimbabwe since the struggle for independence ended in 1980. He has dealt ruthlessly with his political rivals and outmanoeuvred those presenting any threat to his leadership. Anyone perceived to have too much power has their wings clipped, or as happened last year, is simply blown out
Rangers beat Sheffield Wednesday 2-0 in a friendly on Sunday. Midfielder Windass scored 17 goals for Accrington in season 2015/16. The 23-year-old moved to Ibrox in the summer of 2016.
Rocket Lab's 17m-long Electron lifted off from the Mahia Peninsula, in the North Island. The launch was conducted with no media or spectators permitted, but the company released a video of the lift-off on its Twitter page. New Zealand is positioned well to get satellites into
Scotland's health boards paid out £20m in overtime and additional pay in 2015/16. This is up from the £14m paid out in 2014/15 and £168m across the UK. One doctor in Lancashire made almost £375,000 in the space of 12 months
New exercise could now be introduced in schools.
Mount Sinabung is still spewing ash, hampering rescue operations. More than a dozen people were killed when it erupted in 2014. It also erupted in 2010, after having been dormant for 400 years. Indonesia, located on the Pacific Ring of Fire, has more than
Paul Austin has spent 36 years working in the construction industry around the world. He says he was an aggressive Brexiteer and his friends were probably sick of him trying to persuade them to vote Leave. However, he has started to pay more attention to the immigration queue for non-EU
Mamadou Sakho served a provisional 30-day suspension after testing positive for a 'fat burner' in March. The centre-back admitted taking the substance, but Uefa had to investigate whether it was actually prohibited. Sakho was eligible for selection for his country for
Five key seats could reflect major shifts in the electorate and tell the story of this year's snap poll. Labour is defending a majority of 1,927 in Cardiff Central, one of several Labour-held seats that could be vulnerable. Vale of Clwyd could become an example of
Scottish government introduced free school meals for all children in 2015. More than 77% of 173,000 five to seven-year-olds registered take up the option. Scottish Health Survey 2017 and United Nations food insecurity question set will be included in the SHS from 2018 onwards.
Sofia Legg, 14, took her own life by hanging at home in Somerset in September. Inquest heard she had been suffering from low moods and was self-harming. She was referred to Child and Adolescent Mental Services (CAMHS) in March 2015.
Alliance of British Drivers said police should not be funded by people who haven't done much wrong. Police and Crime Commissioner Sue Mountstevens said she would not comment on the proposal. The course is offered to drivers who are caught travelling at 10% above the speed limit plus two mph
One cadet suffered a broken nose, while others had dislocated shoulders. West Point academy said the fight was designed to build "espirit de corps" None of the injuries was severe and all cadets have returned to duty, it said.
Marco Feliciano is the president of Brazil's Human Rights and Minority Commission. He has been accused of racism and homophobia, but denies the allegations. His comments on homosexuality and people of African descent have incited a wave of anger. A campaign has collected 450,000 signatures calling for
The Batmobile design was based on a 1955 Lincoln Futura, a concept car built in Italy by the Ford Motor Company. It had a V-8 engine, arguably one of the first in-car phones, and parachutes, which were deployed to help Batman turn sharp corners. The
Immigration Bill would force private landlords to quiz tenants about immigration status. It would also restrict access to bank accounts for people in the UK without permission. Labour said the bill did nothing about the "shambolic" state of UK border controls. The bill is expected to become law in spring
The National Front first emerged in the 1980s as a mainly anti-immigration group. Ms Le Pen is careful not to neglect this core issue, but frames her nationalist message in anti-globalisation terms. Some polls suggest the Front may win a quarter of the votes in this month's European
Leicester's Selby beat Ding Junhui in last year's final to win his third Crucible title. The world number one went 8-0 ahead against Irishman O'Brien in the first round. He will face either Ryan Day or Xiao Guodong in the next round
Norman Rimmington signed with Barnsley in 1945, earning £3 a week as a goalkeeper. He made 27 appearances for the club before moving to Hartlepool United in 1947. The keeper, who also worked as a mechanic and pit fitter, died in December aged 93
System's introduction led to direct debits being blocked and lengthy waits for new customers. Complaints levels were running 50% higher for Co-operative Energy than any other supplier. Company has apologised and said it had improved the service.
Sebastian Vettel came second despite colliding with Kimi Raikkonen on the first lap. Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo finished third and fourth respectively. World champion Hamilton started from the back, suffered a broken front wing on lap one and did five
Gordon Smith, 44, was found dead on Lake Road about 400m from his home. Mark Russell, 27, previously of Holly Terrace, pleaded not guilty to manslaughter. He was was given conditional bail ahead of trial on 14 March.
Mario Balotelli has agreed a four-and-a-half-year deal with AC Milan. The 22-year-old completed a medical with the Italian club on Wednesday. Balotelli helped Manchester City to the Premier League title last season.
Volkswagen shares plunged more than 18% on Monday after US regulators found that some of its cars could manipulate official emissions tests. The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) found that software in several diesel cars could deceive regulators. In addition to paying for the recall, VW faces fines that could add
Samson had another year to run on his deal at the Ayrshire club. The 31-year-old made 38 appearances for Killie last season. Capped at Under-21 level, he has been involved in the Scotland squad before.
The couple married in Murray's hometown of Dunblane in April. Kim, 27, has recently had her 12-week scan, with the baby due in February. Murray's mother Judy recently said she is looking forward to becoming a grandmother.
Mourad Boudjellal emailed Premiership bosses proposing the move from the Top 14. French president has made public his frustrations with the salary cap and bonus payments. Top 14 clubs have a larger salary cap than those in England, at £7.7m compared to £5.
Capsule was found in part of Ruthven road bridge near Kingussie in the Cairngorms. In the box was a folded newspaper from September 1894, a paper scroll and a bottle. The items have been donated to a museum in nearby Newtonmore.
Virtual reality glasses give the impression you're in a totally different world. Microsoft, Nintendo and Sony among the big companies showing off new technology.
Woman claims her husband divorced her 10 years ago because he disliked the shape of her face. She said it spurred her to undergo facial surgery three times at a local hospital to reshape her face into a slimmer shape. The hospital, however, argued that the surgeries were conducted according to regulations
Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas opened the new Palestinian embassy to the Holy See. The Vatican recognised Palestinian statehood a year and a half ago. Palestinian relations with the Vatican were further strained after Pope Francis described President Abbas as "an angel of peace" Tensions between Israel and the international community were
The boy is the second to be charged with the Dalkeith incident. The teenager was also charged in connection with a dishonesty offence. A report has been submitted to the Children's Reporter.
The Swansea University-backed award will go to the best published literary work in English, written by an author aged 39 or under. The list includes five from the UK and one American author, Tania James, for her novel The Tusk that Did the Damage.
Marchers are using the hasthag #ZumaMustFall on social media. The hashtag is a modification of #FeesMustFall which was used to organise student protests. This comes on top of claims of widespread corruption, recent student protests and a succession battle in the governing ANC.
Some 360 former MPs were granted passes for the Parliamentary estate. Huhne and Pryce both served two months of an eight-month sentence. Also on the passholders list was ex-Conservative minister Jonathan Aitken.
Office for Nuclear Regulation said reporting of safety incidents was "below standard" Babcock International said safety was its "highest priority" ONR issued a legal notice to improve after an incident last year in which a worker was contaminated. The ONR said the dose was "very small"
Robert Amoroso, 64, lived in Clifton, Hampshire, from 1979 to 2013. He was found not guilty of two counts of sexual activity in the presence of a child. Nottingham Crown Court heard charges related to seven boys aged between 12 and 16.
Microsoft bought Minecraft's creator Mojang for $2.5bn in 2014. It bought the four-year-old MinecraftEdu version of the game from independent developer TeacherGaming. MinecraftEdu allows teachers to modify content in the game and use a shared library of education-themed assets
Keane and O'Neill have agreed new deals with the Football Association of Ireland. Republic of Ireland begin their Euro 2016 campaign against Sweden on Monday. Keane has made no secret of his desire to return to club management at some stage. The 44-year-old has previously managed
Fabio Da Silva is closing in on a Premier League return with Middlesbrough. Cardiff boss Trollope says he has spoken with defender Jazz Richards. Richards was booed by Cardiff fans for his reluctance to 'do the Ayattolah'
Ross McEwan says uncertainty caused by the EU vote could "slow down banking" He said he would like the referendum to be held as early as possible, ideally in June. The UK is due to hold a referendum on whether or not to stay in the EU, before the end of
Theresa May triggered Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty by triggering divorce talks. But Donald Tusk responded today: "Starting parallel talks on all issues at the same time will not happen" Only one party to the break-up, the European Council, would decide if the settlement is good enough
The attack happened in a lane between Great Western Road and the Auchentoshan Estate. Three of the victims were 15 and two were left with life-threatening injuries. Two 16-year-old boys and a 15-year old boy are expected to appear at Dumbarton Sheriff Court
Fire crews were called to the former White Hart pub in Pontllanfraith, Wales. South Wales Fire and Rescue said its crews tackled the blaze throughout the night. A joint investigation with police is now under way to establish how the fire was started.
Cardiff, Swansea, Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan universities increased cases. Number of postgraduate cases also increased at Swansea, Bangor and Bangor. The Quality Assurance Agency, which monitors standards in higher education, said it was discussing the issue with universities
Haseeb Hamayoon, 28, sent image to friends branding officer 'kaffir' - non-believer. Prosecutors say he plotted attack using a Rambo-style knife. Yousaf Syed, 20, Nadir Syed and Yousaf, 22,
Bids for planning permission have now been submitted for the 24m poles. It comes after the poles appeared close to the MacLeod House hotel and near the clubhouse. The US presidential candidate's resort has been a focus for local protest. Mr Trump has called the links course one of the
Academics in Mosul claim foreign fighters have disappeared from the city. They say IS fighters are trimming their beards and changing the way they dress to look more like civilians. Cars in the city have been forced to switch to Islamic State number plates, says one of the academics.
Bertrand Traore gave Chelsea the lead with a 20-yard strike from Nemanja Matic's pass. Stoke equalised when Xherdan Shaqiri's cross was punched by Thibaut Courtois to Abdou Diouf. Bojan almost won it for
Kenneth David Dickie, 64, was found with a serious head injury at the Rockley Park site in Poole. A 34-year-old man from Poole appeared before magistrates on 10 May charged with causing grievous bodily harm. Dorset Police said Mr Dickie died
Dizzee Rascal will headline the opening night in his only Scottish appearance of the year. Other acts include Martha Reeves and The Vandellas, The Zombies, Big Country and The Feeling. The Wickerman Festival takes place at East Kirkcarswell Farm near Dundrennan on 25 and
112 high street banks have closed or are set to close since July 2015. Edinburgh has seen the greatest number of closures - with more than 20 banks to close. Research covered Bank of Scotland, Barclays, Clydesdale, RBS, Santander and TSB-branded banks.
Rules would require big banks to hold much more money against losses. Governor of the Bank of England, Mark Carney, said the plans were a "watershed moment" Bank shareholders, and lenders to banks such as bondholders, would become first in line to bear the brunt of future losses
Second-quarter GDP grew faster than expected, up from 0.4% growth in the previous quarter. Strongest growth was in April, followed by a sharp easing off in May and June. On a yearly basis the economy grew by a healthy 2.2%.
Gwen Thomson, 51, from Torry, died after the accident on Market Street. The 60-year-old male lorry driver was uninjured. Police Scotland thanked those who helped at the scene.
China's monthly trade data showed its exports fell in March from a year ago by 14.6% in yuan terms. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index closed up 2.7% at 28,016.34 to hit a fresh seven-year high. The Shanghai Composite benchmark ended 2
Banks will be closed on Wednesday and ATMs will not be working. New 500 and 2,000 rupee denomination notes will be issued to replace old ones. Move designed to lock out money that is unaccounted for - known as "black money"
Woman in her 20s assaulted by a man on a bike near Bournemouth University. Police believe it could be linked to two attempted sexual assaults on women in September. Thursday's attacker is described as white and in his late 20s or early 30s. Officers said he was approximately 5
WBC cruiserweight champion Bellew will fight at heavyweight for the first time. David Haye has had two routine wins since returning from three years out of the sport. The 36-year-old Londoner threw a punch at Bellew at a November media gathering. Bellew
Two men in their 40s went missing on Tuesday as they climbed Mont Blanc du Tacul. Reports say they had taken the difficult "Devil's Ridge" route. Mont Blanc is Western Europe's highest range, and a challenging area for climbers.
Chevrolet has developed a mode called Teen Driver for the new 2016 Malibu. It does things like mute the radio if the driver is not wearing a seat belt. A key fob can also be used to set a speed limit between 40 and 75mph.
Footprints from 247 to 248 million years ago found in Pyrenees mountains in Catalonia. Footprints belong to new species of reptile, Prorotodactylus mesaxonichnus. Discovery may shed light on how the group of animals evolved and spread.
Kennedy has been at the helm at the St Lawrence Ground since 2008. Last year he clashed with the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB) Kent were Division Two runners-up, in most seasons normally a promotion spot.
Ravindra Gaikwad says he hit Air India employee 25 times with his sandal for 'arrogance' Air India has banned him from all domestic flights operated by the Federation of Indian Airlines. The FIA has also called for "strict action" by law enforcement agencies.
Myriam Francois-Cerrah explains the massacre in less than two minutes. How did this massacre happen? And what are its lasting effects?
Boris Johnson said Donald Trump was "out of his mind" for suggesting a ban on Muslims entering the US. He also attacked the Republican for his claim that police were afraid to patrol parts of London. But as we leap forward to November 2016, it's time to take a look back
Researchers followed nearly 240,000 Swedish men for 35 years. Those who were obese were 2.38 times more likely to have developed a bowel tumour. Bowel cancer is the third most common cancer in the world, with nearly 1.4 million new cases each year.
Mr Blair said the party should aspire to govern, not be a "fringe protest movement" His comments come amid divisions within the party over its future direction. Labour "fell short" in areas when hard choices had to be made, he said. Mr Blair also defended his party's
The toilet at Brodsworth Hall, near Doncaster, South Yorkshire, was originally built in the 1860s. In its heyday, its contents were emptied daily and spread on the gardens by staff. English Heritage, which now runs the site, said the privy had been restored to
Hassan Rouhani has been key player in Iran's political life since the revolution in 1979. He was Iran's chief nuclear negotiator, from 2003 to 2005, earning the moniker "the diplomat sheikh" Rouhani was re-elected in May 2017 with an emphatic margin of victory.
Coleman led Wales to their first major international tournament for 58 years. The 46-year-old was appointed Fulham manager in April 2003. Coleman's father died in 2014 after Wales failed to qualify for the World Cup.
Units in North Tyneside and Northumberland have been shut between midnight and 08:00 since December. Overnight emergencies have been diverted to Northumbria Hospital in Cramlington. Northumbria Healthcare NHS Foundation Trust said impact on patients had been minimal.
After six months of Donald Trump in the White House, Russians are beginning to feel that their country enjoys considerable influence over America. Russia is casting a shadow over the US administration. But Russia and America are talking. Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump have met, on the sidelines of the G20 summit.
Workers spend on average 75 minutes a day travelling to and from work in London. Wales sees the fastest commutes, an average of 41.4 minutes travelling, down 4.6 minutes since 2006. The TUC analysed the figures from the Labour Force Survey to mark Commute Smart
RSPCA Cymru said it backed mandatory identification of pets killed on highways so owners know what happened. One of six councils which does not scan said it was reviewing its policy, but two others have no plans to change. The petition has more than 160 signatures - at present, petitions need 10
Amy Mather, 14, won the European Commission's first European Digital Girl of the Year Award last year. She uses 3D design and manufacturing techniques for her GCSE product design coursework. Manchester's Fab Lab was the first of nine in the UK, with the number expected to rise
Mourinho is halfway through a four-year deal at Stamford Bridge. The 52-year-old is keen on a long-term deal with the club. He won the Premier League title with Chelsea this season with three games to spare.
Administrators from PwC are now running the Leicestershire-based business. Brantano employs about 2,000 staff in 140 stores and 60 concessions across the UK. PwC's Tony Barrell said the chain was a victim of changing consumer habits.
Julian Cuddihy appeared at Dublin's Central Criminal Court on Tuesday. The court heard he admitted killing his parents but the jury must decide his mental state at the time. Forensic psychiatrists will give evidence that he was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia.
Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang gave Dortmund the perfect start from close range. But Wolfsburg hit back through Luiz Gustavo, Kevin De Bruyne and Bas Dost. Wolfsburg win their first German Cup after finishing second in the Bundesliga.
Seren Bernard, 14, took her own life while living with foster carers in 2012. A serious case review was published in 2014, but Sarah Pollock was only given a summary of its contents. Fresh call was made to Pembrokeshire council on Thursday, but it said it
Google releases first beta version of new version of its mobile operating system, Android N. Android N will introduce split-screen multitasking that allows people to use two apps at the same time. The new version is expected to be released to device makers this summer.
Board member Peter Riegelbauer said they would try again "within a year" The orchestra's 123 members met in a south-west Berlin church on Monday. Sir Simon Rattle is to join the London Symphony Orchestra as its music director.
St Peter's led 2-10 to 1-6 with eight minutes to play at Inniskeen. They will contest the Hogan decider for the first time in their history. St Brendan's of Killarney will face St Peter's in the final on Saturday 1 April.
The 54-year-old has left his job as assistant first-team coach at Barnet. Waddock led the Shots into the Football League in 2008 with a then record points total of 101. The ex-Republic of Ireland international replaces Barry Smith, who left the Shots at the end of
Cap would be upper limit on what suppliers could charge for variable tariffs. Cap would vary in different parts of the country and be re-set every six months. About 17 million households would be affected by the cap. This would affect customers who are on standard variable tariffs, which are typically much
1 August 2016 is the first day of the 2016 Olympic Games. London will host the Games for the first time since 2012.
The 40-year-old, from Teesside, was discovered on the A66 in Middlesbrough. He was in a distressed state with wounds to his groin after the attack in the early hours. The road, from Greystones Roundabout to Church Lane, has now reopened.
Daniel Scioli narrowly edges Buenos Aires mayor Mauricio Macri with most votes counted. Run-off on 22 November will be the first time an Argentine election will be decided by a second round. Sergio Massa, a former ally turned rival of outgoing President Cristina Fernandez de Kir
UKIP on course to win seats in Cardiff, Northern Ireland and London Assemblies. Farage says it is "50-50" whether party will gain representation in Scottish Parliament. He declined to put a target on UKIP gains in English council elections. Opinion polls suggest UKIP
Plans include a new multi-story car park and knocking down the 1937 arrivals building. The building has already lost two floors due to safety concerns. Airport bosses say it is too big and too close to the runway.
The 22-year-old spent last season on loan at Southend and Luton. Striker scored nine goals in a combined 43 matches in League One and League Two. He only made two league starts for Charlton before being let go in May.
Council leader Simon Cook says arena is crucial part of Bristol's economic zone. It is believed the arena would cost up to Â£80m to build, some of which will come from the government's City Deal fund. Several plans for an entertainment arena have been put forward since 2003.
Dairo Antonio Usuga David, better known as Otoniel, is one of the most wanted men in Colombia. Otoniel runs the Usuga clan, a drug gang that has its powerbase in the Uraba region. Members of the gang have been arrested as far away as Argentina
Heavy rain washed away a drain running under part of Traigh Golf Course, near Mallaig. A photograph that appeared in the media showed a dog at the bottom of the hole. Traigh Golf Club estimated Â£16,000 would be needed to cover the cost of the work
Tesco shares closed down 5.7%, making it the biggest faller on the FTSE 100. It said it had taken a £235m charge after it agreed a deferred prosecution with the Serious Fraud Office and the Financial Conduct Authority in March. But full year pre-tax profit
Oliver signed his first professional contract with hometown club Sheffield Wednesday. The 23-year-old could make his debut at York on Saturday. Stags striker Alex Fisher could be out for four weeks with an injury.
Russian foreign ministry tells Polish journalist's cat: "Don't worry... we'll look after you" Waclaw Radziwinowicz, who works for Gazeta Wyborcza, says: "Marusia is going with me to Poland" He complained of "a kind of paranoia
UN: Security forces are allegedly responsible for at least 46 deaths in protest-related violence. The findings are based on interviews conducted by a team of human rights officers. Witnesses told the UN that the security forces fired tear gas and buckshot without warning. Venezuela's Supreme Court
TripleSat Constellation is a constellation of three spacecraft. Owned and operated by Surrey Satellite Technology Limited, based in Guildford. Beijing-based 21st Century Aerospace Technology Ltd will be using them to survey Chinese territory. Data will help with urban planning, crop yields, pollution
Howard Francis, 92, was shot in the shoulder near Rouen on 27 August 1944. He received a letter which said he would be awarded the Legion d'honneur. But there was a delay due to a backlog in applications. A charity contacted Carmarthen East and Dinef
The 24-year-old spent the first half of the season on loan at Crawley. The ex-Burton player will officially join on 1 January. Marcus Bignot's first signing for the Mariners.
Former Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews had planned to cut 22 councils. But First Minister Carwyn Jones has said the Welsh Government will have to rethink plans. Labour will need the support of other parties if any cut is to happen. Mr Andrews is no longer in government after losing his Rh
Saracens' Jacques Burger has been given a one-week ban for bad sportsmanship. Wasps prop Lorenzo Cittadini has been banned for punching Gloucester's Billy Twelvetrees.
Telegram is believed to be used by one in four Iranians. Messages shared via the app are encrypted and can be seen by many users at once. The app was shut down briefly last year for refusing to comply with the government.
Ben Ainslie won his fourth Olympic gold medal in the Finn class at London 2012. The 34th America's Cup, to be held in San Francisco in September 2013, will come too early for the Briton. Ainslie will sail a catamaran under his Ben Ains
System works by tapping on and touching parts of an image to unlock a device. Experts said it might stop people using weak passwords but could lead to other loopholes. System would work alongside text-based passwords rather than replace them.
Darren Lee Barton was assaulted outside the Rutland Arms on Saturday. He was taken to the Diana Princess of Wales Hospital in Grimsby after the incident at about 18:00 BST, but died on Wednesday evening. Police said a post-mortem examination had yet to take place to establish the cause
China says Japan should learn "profound lessons from history" Security laws allow Japanese troops to fight overseas for first time since end of World War Two 70 years ago. Tensions between China and Japan have escalated in recent months over a group of islands. South Korea warns Tokyo not to exercise
Chelsea held to 2-2-2 draw by Southampton at Stamford Bridge. Demba Ba and Eden Hazard put the Blues 2-0 up at half-time. Rickie Lambert came off the bench to equalise for Saints. Jason Puncheon equalised for Southampton with a superb strike
Ireland face Sri Lanka at Malahide on 16 and 18 June. Young is expected to be sidelined for between six and eight weeks. The 26-year-old signed for Hampshire on a short-term loan deal in April.
Palaeontologist Dean Lomax, 25, found the fossil in the collections of Doncaster Museum and Art Gallery. He realised it was the remains of an extinct species of ichthyosaur - an extinct marine reptile. The specimen was found in the rocks of Dorset
Archibald dominated the event, with Dutch rider Kirsten Wild second and Belgium's Lotte Kopecky third. That came 24 hours after she won her third consecutive women's individual pursuit title.
Scottish Professional Football League attendances have topped four million for the first time since 2008-09 campaign. The total number of fans attending games, including play-offs, was up to 4,267,467 from 3,804,342 in 2015-16. "These figures are hugely
Theatre and studios form part of east wing restoration project to transform Alexandra Palace. If successful in raising funds it is hoped the theatre will reopen in 2018. Glazed east court will become a space for the public and for exhibitions.
Sinkhole opened up after heavy rain put pressure on the surface of the course. Hole is now out of bounds until it can be repaired.
46.8 million people registered to vote in the 8 June election, 500,000 higher than in 2015. 68.7% voted on the day, the highest turnout figure for a general election since 1997. Electoral Commission said 38 MPs had highlighted people claiming to have voted twice.
Flyers went into the closing weekend in the final post-season place. Manchester Giants could have gone above them with two wins from three games. But Giants lost to Newcastle Eagles, Sheffield Sharks and London Lions. Glasgow Rocks were the other big winners of the final weekend.
Francois van der Merwe's try and Johan Goosen's kicking put Racing 16-6 up at half-time. Fly-half Dan Biggar kicked four penalties for the home side. Justin Tipuric's blistering break let centre Josh Matavesi go under the
Bradley Lowery was diagnosed with neuroblastoma in 2013. More than £700,000 was raised to pay for treatment in the USA. His mother Gemma revealed his cancer had grown and treatment would only give him more time.
Fifa's taskforce chief Sheikh Salman bin Ebrahim Al-Khalifa recommends 2022 World Cup should be moved to November-December. Summer temperatures in Qatar can exceed 40C while those in November and December drop to around 25C. Fifa vice-president Jim Boyce said a
Shares in Barclays fell 0.9% after the US Department of Justice sued the bank for alleged mortgage securities fraud. It says Barclays misled investors about the quality of loans backing securities in the run-up to the financial crisis.
Verity Giles, 37, from Dundee, won the competition to give the time "at the third stroke" She was one of three finalists who recorded the script at the BT Tower in London. The winner's voice went live during The One Show on Wednesday at 19:00 GMT.
Ventura most recently coached Serie A side Torino and led them to 12th in the league. Conte's move to Stamford Bridge was announced in April and he will take over when his Italy contract expires at the end of this summer's tournament. Italy face Belgium, Sweden and Ireland
Denise Fergus says she has been 'let down so many times by the system' Venables and Thompson were convicted of killing two-year-old James in Merseyside in 1993. Mrs Fergus said she believed Venables was capable of harming other people if he was released.
The 27-year-old Frenchman played 29 times for Leyton Orient in 2016-17. He was out of contract having joined the O's from Portsmouth in January 2016. Atangana made his name in England with Havant and Waterlooville and Portsmouth.
England batsman was dropped in 2013 after playing nine Tests. The 32-year-old was recalled for last winter's series win in South Africa. Compton scored 245 runs at an average of 30 as England won 2-1 in the series. Middlesex batsman says he
College baseball player Christopher Lane, 22, was shot in the back in Duncan, Australia. Police said one of the accused admitted Lane was killed for "the fun of it" Lane, from Melbourne, had been visiting his girlfriend's family in Duncan. He was entering his final year at
Author and Britain's Got Talent judge surprised 200 children at London school. Read extracts from his books including Gangsta Granny and Windy Mindy.
Rhys Webb joins Leigh Halfpenny in being ruled out of the World Cup. Ospreys wing Eli Walker is also drafted back in to the squad to take his place. Warren Gatland says it is 'extremely disappointing' for Webb and Halfpennny.
Ebola was the top news story of the year, followed by ALS and Malaysia Airlines. Peaches Geldof, Robin Williams and Rik Mayall also featured in the top 10 trending searches. Beyonce topped the most searched female celebrity list, beating Katy Perry. Michael Schumacher was
Alex O'Meara scored a hat-trick for the Cornish side. Chris Morgan, Bar Bartlett, Jake Parker, and Alex Day also went over. Marlen Walker sin-binned while fly-half Bartlett suffered a rib injury.
Jessica Taylor suffers from Chronic Fatigue Syndrome, also known as ME. The 25-year-old, of Cliffe Woods, Kent, met Samuel Bearman, 24, through friends. She is working with a physiotherapist in her bid to walk again, and said the wedding would be
Resolution demands an end to Israeli settlement building on occupied land. Resolution passed after US refused to veto it, breaking with long-standing American practice. Washington has traditionally sheltered Israel from condemnatory resolutions. Mr Netanyahu insists that Israel will not abide by the vote.
Lithuania violated article on free elections in the European Convention on Human Rights, the ruling said. Mr Paksas was impeached and removed from office as president after the Baltic state's constitutional court found that he had abused his position.
Arsenal beat Watford 3-1 in their Premier League clash at Vicarage Road. A Santi Cazorla penalty, Alexis Sanchez's fumbled effort and Mesut Ozil's header gave the Gunners a 3-0 lead at half-time. Walter Mazzar
Up to 40mm (1.5in) of rain could fall in a four-hour period. Yellow be aware warning in place until 22:00 BST. Forecasters uncertain about how heavy and persistent the rain will be.
Miscarriage Association wants people to open up about baby loss to break 'last taboo' Lisa Francesca Nand, from Greenwich, has suffered five miscarriages in total. She filmed the aftermath of her miscarriage for a documentary, to challenge the secrecy. One scene shows her husband
Cerberus paid a £15m "success fee" to the Brown Rudnick law firm for work it had done on the portfolio. Brown Rudnick and Tughans had previously been working with another fund, Pimco. Pimco withdrew from bidding process when it emerged its
Ross Docherty headed Ayr United into the lead with his first goal of the season. Dunfermline made a strong start and twice went close through Joe Carle and Michael Moffat. Ayr United looked shaky in defence, but they dragged themselves back into the game. The
Jack McConnell was in Malawi to discuss the importance of electricity. He tweeted: "Walked out to the dark street and fell down a drain. #Ouch". His admission sparked a flurry of responses on social media.
Inmate's body was found in his cell at HMP Elmley on the Isle of Sheppey. MoJ confirmed nine people died at the prison in 2014. In November, Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Prisons said high-risk inmates were not being properly managed.
Neil Moore, 28, from Ilford, east London, posed as a senior court clerk. He sent bail instructions to prison staff, who released him on 10 March 2014. His deception was uncovered when solicitors went to interview him three days later, only to find him gone.
Carmarthenshire's Mark James and Pembrokeshire's Bryn Parry Jones had been given cash payments in lieu of employer pension contributions. Public spending watchdog report said that both authorities had acted unlawfully in allowing the chief executives to opt out of the Local Government Pension Scheme. Mr
Motorist was stopped on the M8 on his way to work at about 13.30 BST, Humberside Police said. The motorist had not got an immediate ban but had been reported to the courts. Tougher punishments for the most serious speeding offences came into force in April
UK has a population of 63.7 million, of which 5.3 million (8%) are non-British. Just under 1.2 million UK nationals live elsewhere in the EU. Of those EU nationals living in the UK, about 2.15 million are working. Spain had the
The 78-year-old actress is famed for being part of the classic Carry On... line up. She also became a household name to a new generation of TV viewers through her role as landlady Peggy Mitchell in EastEnders.
Increasingly, VR is being used as a tool by journalists, teachers, healthcare workers and retailers. Ikea recently launched an app that placed users in a fully furnished kitchen. In the US, VR has been used to help soldiers deal with PTSD and arachnophobics overcome
Aberystwyth and Cardiff Metropolitan both scored 83% satisfaction. Glyndwr scored 80% while University of South Wales and Trinity St David both had 79%. More than 300,000 people were surveyed at universities and colleges around the UK.
Germany was shocked by the New Year assaults, largely blamed on migrants. More than 100 women were victims, but the full scale only emerged later. Two men - a Tunisian and a Moroccan - have been charged over the Cologne offences. Police will be present at a new 'Security Point
Follows BBC investigation into how assembly members use their expenses.
Mahalia Hamid said she and friends were told they could not enter Volt as they "did not fit the criteria" She said she stood by and watched as groups of white people walked into the club. Volt said it had always "welcomed a diverse audience", including people of
Fostering Network warns 750 more foster carers are needed to meet care system demands. More than 5,500 children are in foster care in Scotland, living with 4,400 families and carers. Almost half are already living with their third family, a quarter with their fourth and 20
Peter Mueller, 70, and his friends, aged 78 and 81, were given awards by Derbyshire police on Friday. The trio were returning to a family member's home in Heanor when they caught the intruder taking some jewellery. Mr Mueller said his friends now call them "the three
15% of London's employees make up 15% of city's workforce. They contribute £26bn to the city's economy and £7bn in direct tax a year. By 2020, London may have lost access to 160,000 migrant workers.
The 30-year-old defender has made 200 appearances for the Rams since joining from Coventry City in 2012. A Republic of Ireland international, Keogh made two appearances at Euro 2016 as Ireland reached the knockout stages.
Dispute is over plans to move staff from a final salary pension scheme. Diageo described the move as "clearly disappointing" Both GMB Scotland and Unite members voted in favour of action.
Train was suspended after two incidents in which doors opened mid-journey. Translink said that the suspension has been lifted after an investigation of the door mechanisms. The refurbished trains are due to run on the Belfast to Dublin route from the end of February.
Fatwa issued after three-day congress of female clerics in Indonesia. Urged government to raise minimum legal age for women to marry to 18 from 16. Fatwa is not legally binding but will be influential. Indonesia has among the highest number of child brides in the world.
Former Major League Baseball player Alfredo Pedrique says there should be no baseball season. Calls on team owners in the Venezuelan Professional Baseball League to support his call. Baseball is Venezuela's most popular sport, outdoing most of its neighbours in South America. Venezuela has been
Foreign Secretary says it is "pure speculation" if UK will pay for access to single market. But he says any payments would have to be "sensible" and must not be large. David Davis suggested UK would consider paying EU to maintain single market access. Nick Clegg says single
Performances were suspended on Saturday during continued thunderstorms. Many of the 92,000 fans at the open-air event had to shelter in cars and tents. At least eight people were seriously injured by the lightning strike on Saturday.
Juvenile Justice Bill passed by Rajya Sabha - the upper house of parliament. Supporters of the new law say tougher punishment will act as a deterrent. Critics say that India is a signatory to the UN Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Becky was last seen on 19 February and reported missing the following day. The 16-year-old's body was found after an extensive search across Bristol. Stepbrother Nathan Matthews, 28, appeared in court earlier charged with her murder. He was remanded in custody to appear at
Casper Read, 15, was travelling alone to grandparents in France. He was asked to leave the plane after a man was allocated the same seat. EasyJet has apologised, offered compensation and is investigating.
Dawn Clements urged people to get vaccinated after the death of Birmingham City footballer Jeff Hall. Mr Hall died from polio in 1959 at the peak of his career aged 29. Mrs Clements, of Kidderminster, died at the end of last month, aged 79. The British
Nigel Farage had said he would stand down after failing to win a seat in the election. UKIP won a 13% vote share in the general election and one MP, Douglas Carswell, held his Clacton seat. Mr Farage failed to gain the seat of Thanet South,
The 300-acre site was abandoned by UK Coal 20 years ago. Conservationists had argued the site should be left undisturbed. Gedling Borough Council leader John Clarke said it was too dangerous to be left alone.
UK Supreme Court has been asked to overturn a High Court ruling in Belfast. A judge ruled that the PSNI did not have legal powers to stop illegal parades in December 2012. The ruling was quashed after an appeal, and now the legal battle has moved to the UK Supreme Court.
Labour backs the Charter for Budget Responsibility despite calling it a 'gimmick' Chancellor George Osborne said Labour would create 'a tax bombshell or a borrowing bombshell' Institute for Fiscal Studies said voters faced a'stark choice' between the parties.
The man was pronounced dead at the scene on the A173 in Levenside, Great Ayton. The driver of the car, a 21-year-old man, was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He has been released on bail pending further inquiries, North Yorkshire
Rhys Jones, 36, was stabbed to death by Rhys Barnes in November 2015. Barnes, 28, had 17 previous convictions for 41 separate offences. He was being supervised by the National Probation Service at the time. Review questioned whether his risk to the public should have been reassessed
Lancashire had trailed by 131 runs with one first-innings wicket left. Somerset remain fourth in the table, with Lancashire eight points behind.
Department for Education says new measures present clearer picture of how well schools are performing. Up until this year, schools were rated on raw GCSE results - based on proportion of pupils getting five A* to C GCSEs, including English and maths. Now, a new measure is being used
Zipporah Lisle-Mainwaring, 71, wanted to demolish her Kensington house. She wanted to replace it with a new dwelling and two-storey basement. Neighbours objected to the plans and accused her of painting her house in stripes. Ms Lisle
More than 700,000 federal employees have been sent home since 1 October. National parks, tourist sites, government websites, office buildings, and more closed. Defence Department will recall nearly all of its 800,000 civilian employees. If shutdown continues, some facilities will have to close,
Dartmoor Hill Pony Association said it had put forward the idea'reluctantly' The group claims numbers have dropped from about 30,000 at the beginning of the century to just 1,500 in 2011. It said demand had dropped for the ponies as pets because of the economic downturn
Latam airlines said it would suspend operations to Caracas airport "temporarily and for an unspecified time" The suspension came a day after Germany's Lufthansa said it will suspend its services to the country. Oil-rich Venezuela has been hit hard by the global drop in
Terrie Kirby, 16, Alexandra Binns, 18, Ryan Beal, 20 and Brandon Brown, 20, died following the crash on the A6201 between Upton and Hemsworth on 27 September. The men from South Yorkshire will appear at Wakefield Magistrates' Court in May.
Interpol believes the gang carried out at least 380 armed robberies jewellery shops. Most of those arrested are from eastern Europe. Interpol estimates they have stolen close to â‚¬334m ($371m) of jewellery.
Rochdale beat Scunthorpe United 3-2 in their League One clash. The Iron scored twice in the last 10 minutes to make a contest of it. But they left themselves with too much to do, having fallen 3-0 down.
Future of the contract has been caught up in in-fighting between Labour councillors. Mears Scotland has held the contract with North Lanarkshire Council for four years. Critics believe the work should be put out to tender to give others a chance to compete. The boss of Mears Scotland
Radhika Menon is the first female captain in the Indian Merchant Navy. She is the only woman to win the International Maritime Organization's (IMO) Award for Exceptional Bravery at Sea. The award recognises those who risk their own lives to save others at sea.
England lost the third Test against India by an innings and 75 runs. Was it Alastair Cook's fault that England lost in that way? Absolutely not. But when you have presided over something so cataclysmic in sport terms as that, it is only natural that Cook and the powers
More than 2,400 children voted and 47% thought that bullies should be punished. 53% said that they should be helped. Anti-bullying specialist Alex Holmes gives his advice.
Surrey captain Chris Batty is in his second spell at The Oval. The 38-year-old spinner skippered Surrey to promotion to Division One last season. He took 40 first-class wickets at an average of 28.17 last season as Surrey won promotion.
Cameroon were beaten 2-1 by Germany in the World Cup semi-finals. Kerem Demirbay and Timo Werner scored twice for the Germans. Sebastien Siani and Ernest Mabouka were both sent off for the Indomitable Lions.
Two new aircraft carriers are due to arrive at Portsmouth Naval Base in 2017. The first carrier, HMS Queen Elizabeth, is expected to be operational in 2020. 60 Pacific 24 rigid-hulled inflatable boats will be built by BAE systems.
Up to 60 trains, capable of speeds of about 225mph, will be needed for first phase. Contract will also involve maintaining the fleet, which will be awarded in 2019. Hitachi Rail Europe said it will bid for the contract to build the HS2 trains.
Most of the loans - 86% - that are being sold are in the Republic of Ireland. The rest relate to business in Northern Ireland and face value is not known. Process starts next week and should be completed by the end of the year.
Membership of the European Union guarantees rights on equal pay, sexual harassment and maternity leave. Those rights would be in jeopardy if Britain voted to leave the EU. The EU has been influential in the development of equality legislation.
Vickilee Galloway, 37, set her dog on Stacey Findlay after an argument. Part of Ms Findlay's ear was torn off and a man was also injured. Galloway admitted assault by inciting her pet to attack the woman. She also pled guilty to being the owner
Connor Williams, 17, and Conor Tiley, 18, both from Aberbargoed, died in a crash on New Road, Tir-y-Berth, Hengoed, on 3 January. The teenager was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. Gwent Police confirmed
Eddie Jones names 34-man squad for the 2017 Six Nations. Back rower Mike Williams, prop Nathan Catt and back rower Alex Lozowski are uncapped trio. James Haskell, Maro Itoje, Anthony Watson, Jack Clifford and Jack Nowell all return
Last woolly mammoths lived on Wrangel Island in the Arctic Ocean 4,000 years ago. Scientists analysed DNA of the extinct animals for mutations. They found bad mutations were accumulating in the genome right before they went extinct. Mutations may have led to loss of olfactory receptors
Johnson was a founder member of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Played Romeo and Mark Anthony in Julius Caesar and Lewis in Lewis and Silent Witness. Made his film debut in 1959 and starred alongside Frank Sinatra and Laurence Olivier. His family said he was offered and turned down the role of
The 32-year-old was attacked in St George's Gardens shortly after midnight. Detectives have appealed to two witnesses who saw the suspect and the victim shortly before the attack took place.
More than 100 pieces of graffiti have been uncovered in the chalk walls. Soldiers training on the site who left their names include decorated heroes. The names feature Wiltshire men as well as West Yorkshire coal miners. Two brothers wrote "Semper Fidelis" (Ever Faithful) beneath their
Operation Manna dropped nearly 7,000 tonnes of food over The Netherlands. The bulbs were donated by the Dutch government to the International Bomber Command Centre. A ceremony at the cathedral to unveil the mosaic was attended by representatives from The Netherlands, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Poland, Germany and the US
Medway Council is to stop new takeaways opening near secondary schools at lunchtime. The council said there were currently 179 takeaways within 400m of a school. British Retail Consortium said it was simplistic to treat all fast food restaurants in the same way.
Stop Funding Hate has lobbied firms to stop advertising with some newspapers. It has urged companies including John Lewis, Waitrose and Marks & Spencer to stop. Lego confirmed its promotional agreement with the Mail had ended. The firm regularly gives away free toys via the paper, but said there would
Anti-retroviral therapy kills virus in the bloodstream but leaves "HIV reservoirs" untouched. UC Davis School of Medicine investigated PEP005 - one of the ingredients in a treatment to prevent cancer in sun-damaged skin. Experts said the findings were interesting, but it was important to
Mohammed Ali, 31, accused of attempting to possess a chemical weapon. He allegedly tried to order 500mg of ricin, enough to kill 1,400 people. The father of two denies the charge at the Old Bailey in London.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood unveils nine key policies to boost the nation's health, education and economy. NHS waiting times, free care for the elderly and improved school standards were among the policies. Ms Wood denied the party was making unfunded spending announcements, saying its
Harlow became one of the UK's first post-war settlements in 1947. It is credited with having the first modern high-rise residential tower block, The Lawn. A large number of events are being planned to celebrate the town's 70th birthday.
Diamond says some internationals could join Sale in time for next season. Sale are in talks with four or five international players to join the club. The 47-year-old says there is no urgency to bring in players.
Karagounis made his international debut in 1999 and won 139 caps for Greece. The 37-year-old helped Greece win Euro 2004 and reached the second round of the World Cup. He said he was making way for Greece's next generation of players. Greece coach Fernando
St Mirren beat Ayr United 1-0 to top Group G of Scottish Championship. Jack Baird scored the only goal of the game in the final minute of normal time. Stevie Mallan had earlier missed a penalty for the home side.
'Mad Scientist' pulls off stunt at Monster Jam World Finals in Las Vegas.
Up to 270 jobs could be lost after Tata Steel announced plans to mothball plants. Scottish government has assembled a taskforce to try to guarantee a future for the plants.
The Advertising Standards Authority wants to make it more obvious. It wants to see warnings - like "ad" or "sponsored" - in the video's title. But Ebony Day and Fleur DeForce think that would be a step too far. Fleur compared vlogging to "advert
Boy removed from mainstream schooling because he was not coping. His parents requested a place for him at a special school but are still waiting. They were told that all the special schools in the South Eastern Education Board area were full to capacity. The boy's mother is worried that this same situation
Ukraine's parliament agrees to national unity government, electoral reform and constitutional changes. Parliament also approves amnesty for protesters accused of involvement in violence. Presidential poll will be held by the end of the year. Opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko could be released from prison. Ukraine
Australia has run through a slew of prime ministers in recent years. The country is holding a federal election on 2 July. Laurent Sanguinetti is a French-Australian illustrator.
Investigators in Operation Pallial have found evidence of 140 allegations. Claims centre on 18 homes involving offences against boys and girls aged between seven and 19. A total of 84 suspected offenders have been named - 75 male and nine female.
The 29-year-old's body was discovered at the DoubleTree by Hilton. Emergency services were called but the man was pronounced dead at the scene. A Police Scotland spokeswoman said: "The death is not being treated as suspicious"
Robbie North and George Henshaw both left the Lions tour with injuries. Northampton's North has a hamstring injury while Leinster Henshaws has damaged a pectoral muscle. Both were injured during Tuesday's 31-31 draw with Hurricanes. Warren Gatland says
Latvia international Rakels joined Reading in January 2016 from Cracovia. The 24-year-old made just three appearances in all competitions last season. Rakels could make his competitive debut for Lech against Pelister on Thursday.
Lana Del Rey's new album, Lust For Life, is her fifth in six years. The singer has opened up musically, as well as lyrically. She has worked with The Weeknd, A$AP Rocky and Stevie Nicks on the album. Lust For
Five US experts share their thoughts on rebuilding trust between black communities and the police. One practical thing that needs to be done immediately is to push towards more community policing. Violence has, for a long time, been concentrated in poor communities, especially segregated communities and minority communities that have been subject
Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says 15 unregistered schools have been found. He has written to Nicky Morgan to say they should be'registered or closed down' He says there are'serious concerns' about the safety of children being taught there. Education Secretary says government has taken
Manchester City lead the WSL 1 table ahead of defending champions Chelsea Ladies. Third-placed Birmingham City are third in the table after the first half of the season. The season resumes on 26 June.
British tennis player Russell Bedene wants to represent Great Britain at the 2020 Olympics. Bedene represented Slovenia in three Davis Cup ties before becoming a British citizen. Rules were introduced shortly after his switch barring players from representing more than one nation. The 27-year-old beat American Ryan Harrison
Rodriguez says Rio 2016 will be his last Grand Tour. The 37-year-old is currently fifth overall after nine stages of this year's Tour de France. His best results include a third-placed finish in the 2013 Tour and second in 2012 Giro d'Italia.
Maria McKeith worked part-time for the Ardoyne Association from 2010 until she was dismissed in March 2015. A tribunal found her dismissal was linked to her role as primary carer for her disabled daughter. This was contrary to the Disability Discrimination Act 1995, it said. Ms McKeith
Boris Johnson has declared he'll be campaigning for Britain to leave the EU. But many are still wondering about the motivations that lie behind his decision. Michael Gove's decision to go with the Vote Leave campaign was taken to make sure that George Osborne will be challenged in the eventual Tory leadership
Gary Dunlop will make his debut with his father's famous number three plate. The Tyco BMW rider was injured in a 130mph crash at Ireland's Corner last August. Dean Harrison, Ivan Lintin, Lee Johnston, Peter Hickman, Bruce Anstey, Dan K
A 'Time To Go, Massimo' poster appeared on an advertising board outside Leeds' East Stand. The poster was paid for by supporters angry that Cellino has not sold his 75% share in the club. Cellino agreed in principle to sell his majority share to supporters' group Leeds
Frame is a new type of female-friendly gym based in east London. It offers classes from dance to Pilates and rock climbing to "80s Aerobics" The business was founded by former England hockey player Joan Murphy and her business partner, Joan Black. They hope to open
Undefeated Rigondeaux had to call off a fight with Liverpool boxer in March because of visa issues. The Cuban, 35, became WBA champion when Carl Frampton opted to fight for a featherweight title.
Certificate of Irish Heritage introduced by Irish government four years ago. It was an official confirmation of Irish ancestry, aimed at those who do not qualify for full citizenship. As few as 3,000 certificates have been sold since the 2011 launch. Department of Foreign Affairs said no further certificates will be
One-year-old livestock taken from Coltfield area between Wednesday and Thursday. Police Scotland said theft would have required 'careful planning' and vehicles to transport animals.
WBO champion lands sporadic flurries throughout but never looked like scoring a stoppage. New Zealand fighter lands some shots when in close to Cojanu but when at distance he looked incapable of finding ways to rock a man three inches taller and around two stone heavier. Cojanu
Mr Trump drops pledge to declare China a currency manipulator. He also says he is open to reappointing Janet Yellen as head of the Federal Reserve. About-faces suggest he may be favouring a more pragmatic, moderate approach. Comes amid reports of a White House power
McCoy, 19-time Champion jockey, is retiring this season. Ma Filleule (5-1) was second with 5-2 favourite Don Cossack third. McCoy's wife Chanelle and several of his family members were waiting in the winner's enclosure to greet
Scarlets full-back posed as Wilfried Bony in fancy dress. He was criticised by Show Racism the Red Card, which said it was "disappointed" The photo has been removed and he said he was not a racist and there was "no malice behind it"
Mr Bich shot to fame last week over his complaint that his account had been shut down because Facebook considered his name fake or misleading. The post dated back to January, but received hundreds of thousands of likes late last week. Thousands of people left comments on his post, with some advising him to change
Tesco will open Giraffe branches near to Tesco stores as it seeks to create "retail destinations" The supermarket has been revamping its UK stores over the past year. Tesco pointed to Giraffe's popularity with a wide range of ages, particularly families, as part of its
Ryan Walls took pictures of 101 passengers during the Edinburgh Festival. The 42-year-old said only two people refused out of the 103 people he asked. His pictures will go on display at Out of the Blue Drill Hall, Dalmeny Street, in August.
12 bodies, including five children, washed ashore near Bodrum in Turkey on Wednesday. Boy pictured wearing red T-shirt lying face-down on beach is reported to be Aylan Kurdi, aged three. He and his brother Galip, five, and their mother, Rihan,
Manchester United lost 2-1 to Apollon in Europa League last-32 first leg. P Pione Sisto and Paul Onuachu scored the goals for the hosts. Louis van Gaal's side were already without 13 players when David de Gea went off injured. Van Gaal
Adam Scorer was speaking after it emerged that the Grenfell Tower fire started in a Hotpoint fridge-freezer. He said there was no central system to relay information about products to the public. Former Business Secretary Sir Vince Cable suggested imposing an obligation on local authorities to strengthen trading standards.
Arrests made after people were approached by cold callers claiming to be collecting money for Unicef. Charity confirmed no one had been authorised to fundraise in the area. Two other men who were also arrested have been released on bail.
Portsmouth won the League Two title on goal difference from Plymouth Argyle on the final day of the season. Paul Cook won the title for the second time in his managerial career after leading Chesterfield to promotion in 2014. Eisner's offer of £5.67m for Portsmouth plus an
A man in his 20s said to be a Pakistani was found dead in his tent on Monday. A 22-year-old Egyptian man and a 46-year old Syrian man died last week. Reports suggest they inhaled toxic fumes from heaters. More than 60,000 migrants and
Researchers have digitally reconstructed the skeleton of a stegosaurian dinosaur. The specimen, nicknamed Sophie, has been acquired by the Natural History Museum in London. Researchers hope to learn how much it weighed, how it moved and what it used its plates for. Sophie is 80
Oliver Schmidt admitted to conspiring to defraud the US and violating the Clear Air Act. He faces up to seven years in prison, and up to $400,000 (£306,000) in fines. Volkswagen sold almost 600,000 vehicles with the devices in the US between
Lancet Oncology review looked at incidence rates for 27 cancers in 184 countries. Four main infections are responsible for 1.9m cases of cervical, gut and liver cancers. Most cases are in the developing world. Vaccines are available to protect against human papillomav
UK PM hails countries' intelligence co-operation and says it will be stepped up. Ahmet Davutoglu says the two countries share a'strong and common political will' Cameron says British jihadists have'sometimes' passed through Turkey to fight in Iraq and Syria. UK government
Peake says his highlight on ISS is the spacewalk he carried out and the moment he stepped into space. On his return to Earth, he says the first meal he wants to eat is pizza.
Abbie McCarthy, Katie Thistleton, Jordan North and Yasser will present two shows each while Matt Edmondson is away because of TV commitments. Cooper said it was a great way to celebrate Radio 1's 50th birthday. He described the new batch of presenters as "people that
Twenty-one animals had first beached at Staffin on Monday afternoon. Most of the whales were saved but 10 then went on to strand themselves. Eight whales died including a female and her new born calf.
Saudis and allies launched air strikes on Houthi rebels in Yemen on 25 March. The aim was to reverse takeover of Yemen by rebels and restore legitimate president to power. Neither of those two aims has been achieved. Houthis have taken a battering from air strikes, but
BBC Radio 4 put a prompt on social media ahead of Valentine's Day: "Tell us a story about love," inviting anyone in the world to make a two-minute voice recording of their relationship story. Reaction Time can be heard on Radio 4 at 1130 GMT on 11 February.
AG Barr said the move was part of a "long-standing sugar reduction programme" More than 90% of its portfolio would contain less than 5g of sugar per 100ml. The UK government plans to introduce a levy on sugary drinks in April 2018.
Sheryl Sandberg says Peter Thiel did what he did on his own, not as a Facebook board member. Mr Thiel has said he wants to challenge Gawker's "bullying" behaviour. But he has been criticised for using his wealth to try and silence part of the media. Facebook
Eric, as it was called, was originally built in 1928, and was the UK's first humanoid robot. Made mostly from aluminium and weighing 45kg, he could stand, move his limbs and rotate his head. He travelled the globe as a showcase for futuristic technology - but disappeared in the 1930s
El Salvador has one of the highest murder rates in the world. Gangs known as "maras" have strong territorial control in some areas of the country. They wipe out petty crime, but ask for money from locals in exchange for protection. Estimates say that about 15,000
Team GB won four medals in Sochi, matching their total from 1924 in France. Lizzy Yarnold continued Britain's proud tradition of winning a medal at each Olympics in which the sport of skeleton has featured by claiming gold in Russia. Great Britain finished 19th in the medal table, but
Craig Peacock fired the hosts into a ninth minute lead. Manchester hit back three minutes later courtesy of Vinny Scarsella's breakaway goal. Storm moved in front six seconds before the end of the second period.
Sir Keir Starmer said there is a'very strong case' for the CPS to make final decision. Currently, police forces decide whether to pass a case on to the CPS after investigating a death. Figures show 113 cyclists were killed in the UK last year.
Jackie Powell was arrested last year on suspicion of preventing the lawful burial of Brady's victim Keith Bennett. She told a television documentary Brady had given her a sealed envelope to pass to Winnie Johnson, Keith's mother, in the event of his death. The letter was never found and Mrs Johnson died
Former MK Dons midfielder Carl Baker rescued a point for Pompey with a debut goal to cancel out Reggie Lambe's opener for the Cumbrians. Carlisle were reduced to 10 men just before the half-hour mark when Jamie Devitt was shown a second yellow card for a tug on Gary
Electrons are negatively-charged elementary particles which orbit the nuclei of atoms. Current best theory to explain sub-atomic particles is known as the Standard Model. But it does not explain how gravity works and fails to explain other phenomena observed in the Universe. One framework to explain physics beyond
Dominic Grieve says right to report proceedings in Parliament does not extend to all media. Remarks repeated "out of context" might not be covered, he suggested. He also warned MPs against revealing details of court orders in Parliament. MPs are protected from prosecution over statements made in
Thomas Buckett, now 21, fell 15ft through a skylight at a college in May 2010. He shattered one side of his skull and was in a critical condition for two weeks. A compensation claim launched by his family was thrown out on Monday.
Andre Greipel wins the 100.5-mile stage from Glasgow to Castle Douglas. Caleb Ewan and Ramon Sinkeldam finish second and third respectively. Jasper Bovenhuis is second overall in the general classification. Monday's second stage sees the riders race 187
UK Parking Control (UKPC) said it has investigated allegations one of its employees had changed timestamps on photos. It said it had worked "to mitigate the risk of this re-occurring" A wider inquiry in other parts off the UK by the British Parking Association (BPA)
Proposals include improvements for pedestrians, safe cycle routes and community events. Architects Benton Scott-Simmons have been appointed to prepare designs. Construction work is expected to begin in late 2018. Funding for the improvements are to come from the £1.13bn
United We Stand is a song by Ladysmith Black Mambazo and Malian singer Salif Keita. Lyrics include the line "Africa is our home, make it a better place" The song is playing on South African radio from Friday.
The 27-year-old woman was found at Knowle Close, Redditch, after police were called. The man, 32, is in police custody and post-mortem results will be released later.
Finance minister Jane Hutt couldn't resist having a swipe at the hundreds of millions of pounds in their coffers. Universities insist the reserves are needed for investment to continue. Opposition parties were frustrated that while many of the higher education bosses were lobbying them heavily, they weren't doing
Presenter described people involved in hunting and shooting as 'nasty brigade' in article. Corporation received two complaints from readers saying he should not have published it. BBC Trust said strapline made it clear the article was an opinion piece.
Coco Crisp came off the bench for a pinch-hit single that scored Michael Martinez. It was the first World Series game at Wrigley Field since 1945. The fourth game in the best-of-seven series takes place in Chicago on Saturday.
Bracknell played Zoe Tate in the ITV soap from 1989 to 2005. She only discovered she was battling terminal lung cancer five weeks ago. The 52-year-old has been working as a yoga instructor in recent years.
Leicester City held to a 2-2 draw by West Ham United at King Power Stadium. Jamie Vardy was sent off for two bookable offences in the second half. Referee Jonathan Moss also awarded West Ham a late penalty. Leicester had gone 574 minutes without conceding
China stagnated for more than two decades under the Communist rule of Mao Zedong. But China now has the world's fastest-growing economy and is undergoing what has been described as a second industrial revolution. Beijing says the island of Taiwan is a part of Chinese territory that must be reunited
The Patron's Lunch will be attended by 10,000 people from charities supported by the Queen. The Duke of Edinburgh, Prince William and Prince Harry will be at the party too.
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. When email
Karen Liu, from the Georgia Institute of Technology, said a falling robot can damage its components and also people around it. She hopes robots will eventually be able to learn how to recover from a fall.
Identity cards were introduced during World War Two to keep track of a transient population. Labour revived the idea of a national identity card scheme at the start of the new century. But when the last Labour government tried to bring them in the plan faced robust opposition. Calais deputy mayor
Rodgers has already moved into his office at the club's Lennoxtown training ground. The former Liverpool boss succeeded Ronny Deila 10 days ago. Rodgers revealed he invited captain Scott Brown to his London home for a discussion over dinner.
In May, 14 Fifa officials and sports marketing executives were indicted in the US on racketeering charges involving more than $150m (£97m) Property in the Alps have been seized in a separate Swiss investigation. The Swiss investigation is looking into bids for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups.
Gatland's Wales beat England at Twickenham to help the hosts' demise. New Zealander Gatland is contracted to Wales until 2019. Thomas believes Gatland will see his time out with Wales and probably go back to New Zealand.
Comey told Congress he believed he was fired to influence his investigation into the Trump campaign. The ex-FBI boss led one of several Russia inquiries before he was sacked. He said he began writing memos after meetings with Mr Trump because he was "honestly worried he might lie"
Bradford Council's returning officer made the report to police. It is against the law to discuss voting while polls are open under the Representation of the People's Act. West Yorkshire Police said it would be reviewing the matter. Mr Galloway snatched the traditionally held Labour seat in a by
Two sections of the A3055 Undercliff Drive suffered landslips in February 2014. Some residents, frustrated with delays, resurfaced the road themselves. But the council shut it down again for safety reasons. The authority says the new route will only be open for local access.
Action sports game based on Mexican 'Lucha Libre' style wrestling. Players compete in arenas used by official administrative body the AAA. To mark the launch, publisher Slang staged a real life Lucha Libre event.
Gary Neville raised Â£930 at a fundraising music night he organised last year. He was prosecuted for failing to give the cash to the Neuroblastoma Children's Cancer charity. Oscar Knox, a five-year-old boy from Glengormley, County Antrim, died
Mr Hockey's appointment comes after he left politics following his removal as treasurer. He had been seen as a close ally of Tony Abbott who was ousted as PM by Malcolm Turnbull. Mr Turnbull said Mr Hockey was "a great Australian, he is one of the most engaging, persuasive people I've
Scheme was set up by former first minister Arlene Mrs Foster in 2012. Its aim was to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources. But businesses received more in subsidies than they paid for fuel. The scheme became heavily oversubscribed.
South Yorkshire Police believe Ben Needham was killed accidentally on island of Kos. The 21-month-old was last seen on July 24, 1991, playing with friends on the Greek island. Police have found an 'item' believed to have been in Ben's possession at the time.
He was taken to the Royal Sussex County Hospital following the incident. Police said the incident appeared to be linked to the collapse of a section of railing. The one-way street had to be closed to allow for investigations.
A record nine players share the halfway lead on eight under. Bradley Dredge and Andy Sullivan lead the way after opening round of 72. Kiradech Aphibarnrat, Thomas Aiken and Jaco Van Zyl, Jorge Campillo and Nacho Elvira also
St Botolph's Bridge, Boston, Lincolnshire, opened in 2014. Lincolnshire County Council said it had to remove the locks because they could damage cables. They will be kept at Boston Borough Council's headquarters for 21 days if anyone wants to claim them back.
Hamilton is 33 points behind Rosberg with 100 available in the last four races. The Briton has won three of the four US Grands Prix held at the Circuit of the Americas since the event made its debut in 2012. Hamilton has had five bad starts this year that have cost him positions, compared
The man, in his 30s, was found with chest injuries in a red Mazda in Barton, Oxfordshire. He later died in hospital after being taken to hospital on Tuesday night. Rafal Stawski, 34, of Mayfair Road, Oxford, has been charged with murder
Fire crews from Perth and Glenrothes attended the incident under the Gannochy Bridge in Edzell. The dog's body was later recovered from the water.
Sightings of creepy clowns have sparked minor hysteria across the US since August. Victoria police have warned that such escapades would "not be tolerated" Clowns have also been spotted in Sydney, with one pictured loitering outside a fast food restaurant. One theory has
Durham Jets beat Leicestershire by 24 runs in rain-hit match. Hampshire beat Gloucestershire in Bristol thanks to Paul Coughlin (38) and Paul Collingwood (34) Luke Ronchi's side had made 88-2 from their seven overs
Ajinkya Rahane hits 89 not out in half-century partnerships with Virat Kohli (44) and Ravindra Jadeja (24) Recalled fast bowler Kyle Abbott (3-23) and spinner Dane Piedt (4-101) were the only South African
Ofgem said there were 3.8 million energy switches in the first six months of 2015. This was the second six months in a row that the switching total broke three million. Ofgem is planning to trial "more effective prompts" on bills to encourage more switching.
Just 51% of the 6,500 children monitored achieved the recommended hour of physical activity each day. For girls, the figure was just 38%, compared with 63% for boys. Half of the group also spent more than six hours being sedentary each day, although some of this would be spent
Bisphosphonates are the main treatment for osteoporosis. They slow down the natural processes by which the body removes ageing. Doctors have raised concerns about the number of fractures. Scientists at Imperial College London examined the bone structure of hip-fracture patients who had been treated
Cammy Smith has joined St Mirren on loan from Dundee United. The 21-year-old made his Aberdeen debut in 2012. He has scored four times in 89 appearances for the Pittodrie side.
Electricity North West said about 680 customers in Bury and 480 in Rochdale were still cut off. The company has reconnected more than 24,750 customers in the past two days. Rochdale Labour MP Simon Danczuk said more needed to be done to prevent flooding.
TfL said only 0.7% of all bus journeys paid for with cash and tourists unlikely to be affected. But Green Party said more ticket outlets were needed and questioned how vulnerable passengers would cope. Last month TfL introduced the "one more journey" feature for Oyster users
Edinburgh to move from Murrayfield to Myreside for 2017-18 season. Myreside's capacity is to be increased to around 6,000 with temporary stands. Scott Hastings hails the move as 'innovative' and a'stepping stone process' Edinburgh
Family-owned business celebrating its centenary. Plans include new stores in Port Glasgow and Irvine. Existing stores in Clarkston, Ayr and Livingston will also be enlarged.
Garmin Vivosmart, Fitbit Charge, Misfit Shine and Jawbone Up Move are all in the dock. At their worst, one day saw a variation between them of 23% in distance covered. Over the course of a week a difference in opinion between the Charge and Up
South Yorkshire Ambulance Service documents were amended after the disaster. Chief Constable David Crompton has apologised for the way the force failed the victims. He said South Yorkshire Police was "a very different place in 2012" from what it was 23 years ago.
Crash happened between junctions 10 and 10a at about 15:00 BST on Sunday. Leaking fuel suspected to have caused damage to the motorway surface. Road was closed for about 15 hours with tailbacks to junction 7.
Bluefin-21 submersible robot has finished its search of the area and found nothing. Efforts would now focus on reviewing search data, surveying the sea floor and bringing in specialist equipment. Flight MH370 went missing on 8 March as it flew from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing. Using
Promoted Edinburgh City start season with 3-2 loss at home to Forfar. Clyde beat Montrose 2-1, and Elgin City beat Cowdenbeath 1-0. Arbroath were held to a 1-1 draw at home by Berwick Rangers.
Scotland voted to remain in the EU in the referendum. Some say that Scotland should get independence from the rest of the UK so it can join the EU again.
Malcolm Layfield, 63, denies raping an 18-year-old student in the early 1980s. The alleged victim says he plied her with drink, took her to a remote spot in his car and raped her. Manchester Crown Court heard the attack occurred during a trip to Cornwall
Beijing imported almost 524,000 barrels per day in November, a 35% jump from the previous month. The surge comes even as the US has asked countries to cut oil imports from Iran. Beijing, the biggest buyer of Iranian crude oil, defended its imports as "reasonable and
Company awarded £39m deal to purchased both spruce and larch timber. Firm was meant to have built a new saw line by 31 March 2016. That deadline was missed and extended by 12 months to March 2017. Despite questioning by AMs, Emyr Roberts did not give
LGA said councils would still face a combined shortfall of £6.8bn by the end of Parliament. Government said council tax was expected to be lower in real terms in 2020 than a decade earlier.
Yamato Tanooka, 7, was lost in the woods while his parents were out foraging for vegetables. He trekked 3 miles across the woods to find shelter in a barrack under a roof with mattresses. His parents admitted within 24 hours that they had left him in
The announcement of the coaching changes at Surrey on the day of the Australia-Sri Lanka Champions Trophy game at The Oval was an 18-hour rollercoaster. Chris Adams and Ian Salisbury have been thanked for their efforts over the last four and half years by Surrey. My new role is to
Mo Farah won two gold medals at London 2012 Olympics. Now he has his sights set on Rio 2016. He shares his tips for young athletes.
UKIP's new leader will be named on 28 November, with six candidates on the ballot. Nigel Farage stepped down as leader in the summer, but was replaced by Diane James. Mr Kassam promised to increase UKIP's membership to 100,000 by the next election. He said
Mr Ahern said trade between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland would not be affected. But he said he believed customs checks were inevitable following the UK's exit from the EU. He added that now was not the time for a border poll to be held in the "foreseeable future
Memorial unveiled at the Unite building in Islington in honour of union leader Jack Jones. Jones was one of 180 Merseyside men and women who fought in the Spanish Civil War. He survived the war and became the leader of the Transport and General Workers' Union.
The 20-year-old was shot in Malvern Road in Kilburn, north-west London. She was standing with a group when they were approached by a number of suspects. A shot was fired at the group and the woman was pronounced dead at the scene.
The Channel Tunnel has become a source of controversy on both sides of the Channel. But some are angry at attempts to destroy it.
Brahamdagh Bugti, 34, is regarded as one of the most hardline of the Baloch separatist leaders. His grandfather Akbar Bugti was killed in a Pakistani military operation in 2006. Pakistan blames India for a campaign of sabotage and disruption in Balochistan.
Downing Street had hoped ministers who wanted to campaign for exit would keep their counsel until after the government had adopted its official position. But at least one senior figure had already resolved to break their silence and reveal their plan over the weekend. This is not just a story for political process nerds (
Fujimori says he intends to share thoughts and memories while in prison. The social media accounts would be managed by a group of supporters. Peru's Justice minister reacted angrily to the announcement. He reportedly asked the prison director to limit Fujimori's access to social media.
Human papilloma virus (HPV) is sexually transmitted. Girls aged 12 and 13 receive the vaccine to protect them against cervical cancer. Welsh government waiting for advice from Joint Committee on Vaccination and Immunisation.
Marc Carter's plea to find a replacement for son Ben was retweeted 12,000 times. The 14-year-old has only drunk from the double-handled vessels since the age of two. Tommee Tippee said it will produce 500 cups after it searched factories worldwide.
Fulham defeat Brentford 2-0 at Craven Cottage. Brentford fail to find the net for the fourth time in six league games. Tom Cairney scores Fulham's second on the break in stoppage time.
Laurent Fabius, 69, was seen as architect of interventionist foreign policy. He has been named to head France's Constitutional Council, which ensures bills comply with the constitution. Segolene Royal, a former presidential candidate and Hollande's ex-partner, has been given an
Naked man was spotted outside his hotel on Chorlton Street, Manchester. Greater Manchester Police said it was a "genuine case of sleepwalking" The man's identity has not been revealed by police.
Thousands of athletes from around the world will be going for glory on the ice and snow. Here's Ayshah with all you need to know.
The 34-year-old saw red for a scuffle during Wycombe's pre-season trip to France. Akinfenwa later said on Twitter: "The sending off was dubious" Both sides continued to play 11 v 11 on the request of both managers.
Fattah, 59, is one of the most senior black lawmakers in Congress. He was found guilty on 23 counts including racketeering, fraud and money laundering. Lawyers said schemes were run without his knowledge by two political consultants.
Britain won only one medal at each of the past two Winter Olympics. Amy Williams's skeleton gold in Vancouver four years ago was the country's first solo gold at a Winter Games for 30 years. Team GB boss Mike Hay said: "We view the target as a vote of confidence"
Scottish and UK governments have been locked in talks about a financial deal. Deadlines have been pushed back due to disagreements over key terms. Prime Minister David Cameron has said the deal needs to be fair to taxpayers in Scotland and the rest of the UK. Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon
The Chairboys were searching for their first league victory since 13 August. Michael Harriman's free-kick produced an excellent save from Jamie Jones. Dayle Southwell went from villain to hero moments later as the forward tapped home Sam Wood's cross in the third minute of first-half
Bailey Gwynne died after being stabbed in the heart at Cults Academy in October. His 16-year-old killer had denied murder but was convicted of culpable homicide. He was sentenced by Lady Stacey at the High Court in Edinburgh. The boy was handed an eight-year
Peter Chambers and Will Fletcher are into the semi-finals of the men's lightweight double sculls. Holly Nixon, Joel Cassells and Rebecca Shorten have all moved straight into Sunday's finals of their respective boat classes.
Venus Williams' car darted into the path of Jerome Barson and his wife. Barson died two weeks after the accident in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida. The 37-year-old tennis star reportedly told police she did not see the couple's car and she was driving slowly.
Chess boxing involves alternate rounds of chess and boxing. The game is seeing an early surge of interest in India. In less than two years, 10 state-level associations have organised championships. About 30% of registered chess boxers in India are women.
SETI Institute had to shut the $30m (£18.3m) Allen Telescope Array in April. Donors, including actress Jodie Foster, raised more than $200,000 (£122,000) The array began operating in 2007 and is named after its major benefactor, Paul
Ross Thomson and Graham Simpson filled in giant ballot paper outside Holyrood. Fellow Tory MSP Margaret Mitchell also backs the Vote Leave campaign. Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson is in favour of remaining in the EU.
David Nisbet, 28, pleaded guilty at Edinburgh's sheriff court to a breach of the peace. It took firefighters 30 minutes to get him down from the United Free Church of Scotland roof. Defence solicitor Chris Fehilly said his client had been in court on a domestic matter.
Tom Watson says plan could help Labour 'put the band back together' for an election. Proposal to reinstate elections to shadow cabinet voted down by 16 votes to 15. Many MPs see elections as a way of constraining Mr Corbyn, should he be re-elected.
Nottinghamshire Police said it will expand categories to include misogynistic incidents. It means abuse or harassment which might not be a crime can be reported to and investigated by the police. The force said it hopes it will make the county a safer place for women.
More than 90% of those who identify themselves as Protestants say they want to stay in the UK. 38% of Catholics support remaining within the UK - three percentage points more than those who backed a united Ireland. DUP and Sinn Fein are campaigning for a border poll and the DUP have discussed
Australia has promised to give Cambodia A$40m in aid and A$15m in resettlement costs to take in its rejected refugees. Just two of the five refugees transferred by Australia to Cambodia now remain. The Iranian couple were part of the first group of four who agreed to go from N
Sign outside Chimes cafe in Machynlleth, Powys, says: "The more you weigh, the harder you are to kidnap! Stay safe. Eat cake!!" April, five, went missing on 1 October 2012 near her home sparking the biggest search in UK history. Mark Brid
Choudary, 49, and Mohammed Mizanur Rahman, 33, convicted of inviting support for IS. Police say Choudary's followers carried out attacks in the UK and abroad. He will start time in the high security unit at HMP Belmarsh in south-east London
Jac Davies was rescued from an upstairs bedroom but died at the scene. His three-year-old brother was also rescued and taken to hospital. Sister, six, an 11-month-old and their mother all managed to escape. They were all suffering from suspected smoke inhalation which is
California-based firm plans to return more than $130bn to shareholders by the end of this year. The move comes despite the company sitting on a cash pile of $178bn. Some of the bonds are set to mature in five years, while others will not do so for another three decades.
East Kent Hospitals NHS Foundation Trust serves a population of more than 750,000 people across five different hospitals. It was deemed inadequate by the independent watchdog, the Care Quality Commission, in August. Experts from health regulator Monitor also identified issues with safety, leadership and "a culture of bullying"
China's hawkish Global Times tabloid dubbed Mr Trump "ignorant as a child" China urged Mr Trump to understand the sensitivity of the Taiwan issue. Foreign ministry spokesman Geng Shuang said the "One China" policy was the basis for relations with Washington. Under the policy,
262 babies have been left at Guangzhou's welfare home since January. Staff will continue caring for babies already at the home, all of whom suffer from illnesses. China introduced the centres so parents could abandon infants safely rather than leaving them in the streets. A total of 25 baby hatches
Mohit Dupar, 36, attempted to reach Gustavo Silva Da Cruz, 19, after he got into difficulty at Camber Sands, East Sussex, on 24 July. Inquest in Hastings was told Mr Dupar died from a brain injury caused by cardiac arrest due to drowning. Mr Silva
No commitments in the manifesto that require additional borrowing binding up until May 7. Ed Miliband was at pains to contrast this putative prudence with Tories' promise to increase NHS spending by £8bn. Tories' increase the 40% tax threshold and the tax-free threshold would also cost
Harry Greaves, 29, was visiting friends in Peru and planned to hike a mountain alone. He emailed his family twice saying he was enjoying his trip but has not been in touch since. Family say it is 'out of character' for him to be out of touch for so long.
President Humala vows to cut Peru's poverty to 15% by the end of his term in 2016. Many Peruvians complain that he has not done enough to share the wealth from the country's resources. His approval rating fell to a new low of some 40% this month.
The man, in his 20s, was rescued by a volunteer crew from Bangor RNLI. The alarm was raised by Mark Pollock, who was working in Banks Car Park. He initially thought it was someone calling for their dog, but kept looking until he realised there was someone in the
Biker Mark Smith said he was told he would no longer be served at The Royal Oak at Ulley, near Rotherham. The pub is owned by Samuel Smiths brewery, based at Tadcaster in North Yorkshire. Solicitor Euan Lawrence said it was not against the law
Matt Parcell scores hat-trick as Leeds thrash Warrington Wolves. Liam Sutcliffe and Jamie Jones-Buchanan also on target for Leeds. Joel Moon scores 15th try in 16 games for the hosts.
Second-placed Brechin City and Alloa Athletic, who are third, also won against Peterhead and Stenhousemuir respectively. Airdrieonians beat Albion Rovers 2-1 to stretch their lead over Livi to five points. Queen's Park were 2-0
Castlepoint in Bournemouth opened in 2003 but the two-level car park has been reinforced with props since 2005 when it was found to be unsafe. Bournemouth Borough Council has granted planning permission for it to be demolished and rebuilt in sections. Work is expected to be completed by Christmas 2018
Somerset mill, owned by Dublin-based C&C Group, has 127 staff. Fruit pulping will continue and apples will be still be sourced from local farmers. The mill has been operating since 1770 and is synonymous with cider production.
MP Tom Watson raised concerns over minister's links to past paedophile ring. It was later reported that police had found no evidence for such a claim. IICSA inquiry sparked by claims of paedophiles operating in Westminster in the 1980s. Online forms were deleted due to a "
Declaration commits the Churches to "grow together in communion and to strengthen their partnership in mission" The agreement will allow clergy and lay people from each Church to be welcomed into the other when they move across the border.
Six-month-old Molly-Mae Wotherspoon was fatally attacked by an American pit bull named Bruiser at a house in Daventry in October 2014. Mother Claire Riley, 23, and grandmother Susan Aucott, 55, are currently in prison in connection with the death. North
Notts County striker Rachel Williams returns to the squad for the first time since April 2013. Her team-mates Ellen White and Carly Telford are recalled along with Chelsea duo Millie Bright and Claire Rafferty. England are preparing for July's European Championship in the Netherlands.
In 1975, the UK voted to exit the European Economic Community (EEC) (Common Market) Voters in the 1975 referendum look back on their decisions and consider how they will vote this time around.
Mountazar Drissi says King Mohammed VI still wields too much power. Protesters march through cities such as Rabat, Casablanca and Tangier, chanting slogans. King has pledged to give up some of his powers but reforms dismissed by some as 'window-dressing'
Kevin Pietersen hits 115 not out from 66 balls as Dolphins beat Knights by nine wickets. The 35-year-old hit seven sixes in 100 from 45 balls as Durban-based side beat Knights. Pietersen last played for England in the 2013-14 Ashes whitew
Cross-community group of politicians and human-rights activists involved in bid. Lawyers have written to Prime Minister urging her to consider the NI peace process. A majority in Northern Ireland backed Remain in the June referendum.
Theresa Villiers is now holding talks with all of the different parties to see if they can continue to work together. The crisis has come about after a murder which the police say was carried out by the IRA. They were an armed group who wanted Northern Ireland to be part of a united
Monet's rural neighbours objected to his plans to extend his garden in 1893. The original documents about the case were unearthed by Ann Dumas, co-curator of the Royal Academy's Painting the Modern Garden: Monet to Matisse exhibition. Monet acquired planning permission for his garden
Boxes of plastic-wrapped boxes ignited after they were stacked close to a 300 watt lightbulb. No-one was injured but homes and properties within 100 metres of the fire were evacuated. Mark Fitzpatrick's daughter, Jessica said she feared her father would suffer a heart attack.
Probationary officers filmed themselves near site of air crash where 11 people died. The recording was made at the police cordon and accompanied by an offensive message. Officers, aged 23 and 24, appeared before Assistant Chief Constable Robin Smith. He recommended they should be dismissed and both officers
Demarai Gray opened the scoring in the 52nd minute with a fine solo goal. Islam Slimani doubled the lead shortly after before the Algerian scored his second four minutes later. Caolan Lavery's fortuitous late strike cut the deficit but Musa scored in stoppage time.
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething said more needs to be done to tackle sepsis. Last year, more than 7,500 people were admitted to hospitals with the condition. Sepsis can lead to shock and rapid organ failure following an infection. It can be treated effectively with antibiotics - if
Susan Schneider Williams wants contents of her home to be excluded from items left to his three children. They were married for five years until the actor's suicide in August 2014. Schneider Williams filed court papers in December claiming some of her husband's personal items had been taken from the home they shared in
Rory McWhirter collected identity details from people he deceived into applying for fake jobs. He obtained their marriage certificates before using them to register the fake births. The Edinburgh man then used the birth certificates to claim benefits and tax credits. Previously admitted a charge of fraud committed between 1
Astronaut Luca was selected as an ESA astronaut in May 2009. He travelled to the International Space Station in 2013.
The 29-year-old was struck by a silver Renault Clio on the B2173 Maidstone Road. He was pronounced dead at the scene and his next of kin have been informed. The driver of the car was injured and police are appealing for witnesses.
Campaign Against the Arms Trade said an appeal against the ruling was planned. Government said defence exports would continue to be reviewed. Saudi Arabia has been supporting Yemen's government after a civil war broke out in 2015. The UN claims strikes on Houthi rebels caused thousands of civilian deaths.
Eoin Morgan and Jos Buttler were out first ball as England slipped from 116-1 to 211-9. Jonny Bairstow made 64 and Alex Hales 51 as England reached 282. Adil Rashid and David Willey added 70 runs for the last wicket.
Carnival had said in March that the sinking of its Costa Concordia cruises ship in January could wipe out profits this year as people shunned cruises. However, on Tuesday the firm reported that profits were $1.33bn (Â£819m) in the third quarter
Uruguay will be the first country in the world to legally sell marijuana over the counter. Cannabis will be dispensed in pharmacies starting in July. Buyers must sign up to a national registry, which will be up and running by 2 May. Registrants can purchase
Dorothy Bailey, William Barks, Derek Moore and Jason Shingler all died in explosion. Sylvia Jenkinson lost one of her closest friends in the explosion in Bosley, Cheshire. She said the whole community rallied to help the families of those left behind.
Bristol City Council are using vinegar to kill weeds around the city. It's part of a trial to get rid of the unwanted plants without using chemicals. Many locals say they're not happy with the unpleasant pong the trial's creating. They've started a campaign and say they don
Research suggests Oxford may be affected the most by public sector cuts. Chairman of Oxfordshire Economic Partnership Frank Nigriello said small firms would not have jobs available. It comes as research suggests Oxford has one of the highest number of employees in vulnerable sectors.
Radiohead's gig at Toronto's Downsview Park has been cancelled due to "unforeseen circumstances" Three people were injured, one seriously, in the collapse, medical officials said. Police said the person who died was a man in his 30s, but did not reveal his identity.
Germany Under-21 forward opened the scoring in the third minute. Emil Forsberg slotted in a second, then cut a ball back for Timo Werner to make it 3-0 at half-time. Oliver Burke replaced Werner moments before Stefan Bell headed a consolation goal for Main
Jeremy Hunt said he wants to bring high-speed broadband to more than 90% of the country. He said the government is looking at ways to allocate part of TV licence fee to pay for it. By 2016, two-thirds of the UK will have access to Fibre To The Home
WHO sent annual surveys to 127 countries between 2012 and 2014. They found worrying gaps in provision of lab tests that check HIV status and health. Warned that United Nation targets for HIV could be missed as a result. In Zimbabwe, for example, only 5.6% of HIV
Scotland face Slovenia in their opening Euro 2017 qualifier on Tuesday. Celtic keeper Fay, 33, should win a record 185th cap. She made her debut in 1998 against the Czech Republic.
Right-back James Hurst has signed a one-year deal with Crawley. The 21-year-old has been playing for Icelandic side IBV this summer. Hurst has represented England at U16, U17, U19, U20 and U21 level. He
Noel Reid, Jack Conan and Jordi Murphy scored for Leinster. Hamish Watson and Tim Visser scored tries for Edinburgh. Zane Kirchner and Sam Hidalgo-Clyne kicked tries for the hosts. Leinster finish fifth, seven points
Labour leader tells the New Statesman his party opposes government plans to lower cap. Shadow work and pensions secretary Owen Smith said it was'very clear' Labour opposes it. He said it would be 'foolhardy' for Labour to set themselves against public opinion. Iain Duncan
Bogdan Barbulescu broke company policy by using a work account to talk to his family. European Court of Human Rights ruled he had not had his rights violated. Bodies representing directors and workers, as well as privacy and human resources groups, all issued similar warnings to bosses.
Legolas, named after an elf in Lord of the Rings, helped researchers understand how the animals hunt together. The body was found next to a highway along with a shotgun cartridge. Legolas was not posing a danger to livestock because there were no cattle in the area.
Association of Directors of Adult Social Services warns of £1.1bn shortfall this year. Cuts to adult social care budgets have totalled £4.6bn since 2010 - a 31% overall reduction. Ministers say extra money will help NHS and social care services work together.
McCulloch was deemed surplus to requirements at Ibrox. The 37-year-old will join Killie on a three-year deal.
Sheffield Wednesday are set to pay £10m for on-loan striker Jordan Rhodes. Warnock has outlined his proposals to owner Vincent Tan. The Bluebirds lost 1-0 at home to Norwich City on Saturday.
Mellor joined Widnes on a dual registration contract with Wigan in 2011. The 25-year-old moved permanently in 2013.
MacDonald has been with the Cherries since 2011. The 28-year-old came through the Swansea youth system. He has had four stints out on loan at Yeovil.
NHS Dumfries and Galloway has apologised for being "unable to demonstrate best standards of care" Healthcare Improvement Scotland visited the Stranraer site in November last year and again in January. Despite an action plan being put in place, they said they failed to find "significant
Incident happened as the first half came to an end at the Vitality Stadium. Friend, who cut his face, was treated in the tunnel before being taken to hospital. The start of the second half was delayed by five minutes as Friend was replaced by Dean Treleaven.
Belize was the United Kingdom's last colony on the American mainland. The country, formerly known as British Honduras, still maintains strong ties with Britain. Tourism is a major source of foreign currency. Belize has a problem with violent crime, largely drug-related, and trafficking of narcotics
Karen Seldon was cleared of four counts of sexual activity with a minor. The 44-year-old mother-of-two said the case had been a nightmare for her and her family. She said she was "angry" that the boy said she sent him provocative pictures of
Epidiolex is based on one of the non-psychoactive components of the cannabis plant. Treatment may reduce the frequency and severity of seizures in children with severe forms of epilepsy. New trial marks the first time the treatment has been tested in the UK.
Ecowas says it will intervene militarily if Jammeh does not step down by noon on Friday. Last-ditch mediation talks with Guinea's President Alpha Conde are due on Friday morning. Troops from Senegal and other West African countries crossed into The Gambia on Thursday.
Four days of tuition offered to schoolchildren who are at risk of not achieving a pass grade. Demand for places is high and pupils are 'incredibly keen' to take part in the Easter School. The fee is waived for those who cannot afford the 16 to 20 hours tuition for Â
Denis O'Brien was granted a high court injunction in May to stop RTÉ reporting details of his personal finances. TD Catherine Murphy later made comments regarding his finances under privilege in the Dáil. Media organisations returned to court to seek clarity.
MacGillivray is Paul Hurst's seventh signing of the summer. The 24-year-old was released by Walsall in May after just 19 appearances in three years. He has also played for Stalybridge Celtic and Harrogate Town.
Core earnings fell 41% to $1.59bn (Â£1.03bn), with pre-tax profits down to $708m from $1.9bn a year earlier. BG agreed to be bought by Royal Dutch Shell last month. The deal is expected to be completed
Cumbria Tourism launched a social media campaign before Christmas. The county was hit by flooding three times in as many weeks in December. A section of the A591 between Keswick and Grasmere was closed by a landslide. Ian Stephens said the impact on visitor numbers was "still
Ash Hunter, Bobby Grant and Paddy Madden score for Fleetwood. Scunthorpe's caretaker boss Nick Daws says the performance was 'chalk and cheese'
Charity Save the Children says it is now at breaking point. Most people live in remote areas that can be difficult to access. Some face the threat of crush syndrome - where the kidneys start to fail.
David Dixon, from Nottingham, lived in the capital with his partner Charlotte Sutcliffe. He is thought to be the only Briton still missing since Tuesday's attacks. Mr Dixon's partner said police have his dental records and are seeing if they match any of the victims.
Turner, 32, recently retired after a 15-year career, winning 763 races. In 2008 she became the first female British jockey to ride 100 UK Flat winners in a year. Turner: "I have had so many thrills and had fun and loved every minute"
BP said it was taking the step in the face of "toughening market conditions" The oil giant said the majority of the staff and contractor posts would go this year. The cuts are among 4,000 posts BP plans to shed from its global oil exploration and drilling business.
Randy Bilyeu went missing in January this year hunting for a $2m trove hidden by Forrest Fenn. Bilyeu set out for the Rocky Mountains in northern New Mexico with a raft and his pet dog. The remains were discovered along a stretch of the Rio Grande river.
A woman was also injured in the crash, but her injuries are not believed to be life threatening. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to come forward.
Sophie Hitchon, 25, will compete in the hammer throw at the Rio 2016 Olympics. Hitchon, from Burnley, has been practising the sport since she was 14 years old. She won a bronze medal at the Glasgow Commonwealth Games two years ago. Her father
"This ranks as one of the lowest fourth of Julys ever," says Rentrak's Paul Dergarabedian. Takings were down 44 per cent compared to last year. Michael Bay's Transformers, the fourth in the series, has a cast led by Mark Wahlberg.
Rolo, a chocolate Labrador, was rescued near Brixham, Devon. She was hauled up in a "dog rescue bag" on a line and reunited with her owners.
Venera Minakhmetova was struck by a lorry at Bow Roundabout, on Wednesday. She was the fourth cyclist to die in London in nine days. 13 cyclists have been killed in London so far this year, eight of which involved HGVs. Transport for London
Three games were held at Newcastle United's St James' Park. Hotel occupancy reached 99% on match days and a dedicated Fanzone was created. Northumbria Police said there had been "exceptional behaviour" from all those who attended.
Cardiff and Bristol City drew 0-0 in their Championship clash at the Cardiff City Stadium. Elliott Bennett hit the post for Bristol City and Sammy Ameobi missed from four yards. Cardiff are eighth in the Championship while Bristol City climb up to 20th.
Borth Animalarium said 32 dragons were left in a cardboard box on the counter. Staff warmed them and fed them, and found homes for eight of the animals. Bearded dragons are a docile and quiet species and require a heated tank.
Ryan Tafazolli had a goal disallowed for Mansfield Town after the break. Scott Boden scored late on for his fifth goal in four games. Newport climb up to 19th in the table, eight points above the relegation zone.
Lee Nicholson, 39, was jailed for three years and six months for perverting the court of justice. He was enlisted by Clare Humble to help dispose of Peter Hedley's body in Newburn Riverside Park. Nicholson, of Lydford Court, Newcastle, pleaded guilty to per
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. When email
The SFA's performance director has been conducting a review since taking over from Mark Wotte. The project is now in its fourth year, with this year's intake of pupils the final one of the initial scheme. McClair will decide in the coming months whether it will continue in its
The painting was the top lot at Sotheby's sale of modern and impressionist works. It was inspired by the lily pond in Monet's garden at Giverny in France. Paintings by Sisley, Picasso, Manet and Kandinsky were also among
Mercedes team-mate Rosberg held off a late charge by Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo to win Singapore Grand Prix. Mercedes switch Hamilton to a three-stop strategy got him back ahead of Ferrari's Kimi Raikkonen. Fernando Alonso finished seventh, behind Sebastian
The cavalry you see coming over golf's hilltop is largely led by the new generation. There are nine automatic slots in Darren Clarke's team and as it stands today, five of them are occupied by rookies. Lee Westwood would have to rely on a captain's pick if the team was
Pfizer sold UK distribution rights to Flynn in 2012, but continued to make and supply the drug to the company. NHS spent £2.3m on Epanutin brand name in 2012 and £50m in 2013. Final ruling may not be made until next year.
Zanzibar Football Association has submitted its application to become a FIFA member. The semi-autonomous territory is currently an associate member of the Confederation of African Football. If accepted by Fifa it will become the 212th member association of world football's governing body.
Audi won Le Mans 13 times between 2000 and 2014. The German-based team finished third in 2015 and 2016. Audi chairman Rupert Stadler said: "We're going to contest the race for the future on electric power"
Homes in SO53 and SO16 postcodes left without water or low pressure. Road closed between Bournemouth Road junction and the Tollgate junction. Southern Water said supplies would gradually return to normal later as main is being repaired.
Ms Dugdale believes new taxes would not be necessary to pay for the plan. She will advocate changes of approach such as ditching SNP plans to cut air passenger duty. The Scotland Bill, currently going through the UK parliament, will contain new powers for Holyrood.
Bristol City host QPR at Loftus Road on Friday night. Visitors without Jordan Cousins who will miss rest of season with quadricep injury. Bosnia-Herzegovina international Kazenga LuaLua is back in training after an ankle injury.
No single party or bloc commands a majority of the 325 seats in parliament. Candidates have had to forge new partnerships and deals in their efforts to share out the positions of power.
Remnants of Hurricane Gonzalo sweep in from the Atlantic. Strong winds are forecast to continue through the day. Skye Bridge is closed to all vehicles due to high winds.
Divers found about 2,000 coins dating back more than 1,000 years in Caesarea harbour. They were discovered by members of a local diving club. The haul, which weighs 9kg (20lb), is believed to have been exposed as a result of winter storms.
Tennis Integrity Unit said Lindahl plotted to throw a match at a minor Australian tournament. Two other Australian players, Brandon Walkin and Isaac Frost, were also disciplined over the incident. Lindahl will not be able to resume his international playing career or attend official tennis events for seven years.
Richard Beeching was chairman of the British Railways Board in 1961. His pay was 30 times higher than the average annual UK salary of just over £800 a year. By the late 1990s, according to the High Pay Commission, the ratio of top pay to average pay had risen to
Coventry City College is teaching English and maths GCSEs to students who did not achieve the benchmark C grades at school. Achieving C grades in these subjects is crucial for anyone wanting to progress to most vocational courses or apprenticeships leading to a good career. Every year about 40%
The baby was found alone and abandoned at about 15:30 local time on Friday. Police said the child was tended to at the scene by their officers and medical staff. She was taken to Tallaght Hospital where her condition is described as stable.
Jenny Tay and Darren Cheng, both undertakers, did a coffin-themed photo shoot for their upcoming wedding. Ms Tay is also the daughter of one of Singapore's most famous undertakers. The couple will not display the photos at their wedding banquet so as not to "disrespect"
Lukas Jutkiewicz scored a late equaliser to earn Birmingham City a 1-1 draw at Huddersfield Town. Elias Kachunga had given the hosts the lead with his fifth goal of the season. Nahki Wells and Tommy Smith had earlier hit
Downton will return to screens in the autumn. New stars Richard E Grant and Anna Chancellor will play guests of the Granthams. Previous high profile guest stars include Shirley Maclaine and Paul Giamatti. 24 star Rade Sherbedgia will play a Russian refugee
World oil prices have more than halved since mid-2014. Russia is one of the world's largest oil producers, and its interest rate hike to 17% in support of its troubled rouble underscores how heavily its economy depends on energy revenues. Saudi Arabia could support global oil prices by cutting back its
Wolfsburg fined Denmark international 2,250 euros (£1,768) for missing training. The 28-year-old was fined 50 euros for every minute he was off duty. Striker was also punished last month for posting a photo of himself with his Mercedes.
The National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park used eBay to track down the keyboard. The teleprinter would have been used to enter plain messages in German. These were then encrypted by a linked cipher machine, using 12 individual wheels. Volunteers hope to recreate the whole
The projects will get a share of the £450,000 India Wales Fund. It is a joint Wales Arts International and British Council scheme. Performances will take place in India and Wales and some of the work will be available online.
Ofsted found five of six Schools Partnership Trust academies not offering good quality education. One school retained its "inadequate" rating by Ofsted. SPTA accepted improvement was needed but said there was "ample evidence" it was "an effective" academy sponsor.
The 34-year-old full-back spent last season with Napoli in Italy's Serie A. Reveillere was a member of the France squad at both the 2010 World Cup and Euro 2012. He could make his debut against Arsenal on Saturday.
Proposal was proposed by the Federal Security Service (FSB), successor of the KGB. Most Russian MPs are government supporters, so it looks likely to become law. FSB wants to block public access to registries listing officials' ownership of planes and yachts. But many assets
Nato Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg says the two sides disagree on Ukraine. Talks in Brussels ran more than 90 minutes over schedule. Relations between Russia and the West have been tense since Russia annexed Crimea in 2014. Nato has since moved to bolster its forces in
Scottish Prison Service has awarded contracts for the installation of the technology. Move follows legislation allowing the Scottish Prison Service to interfere with mobile phone signals. The two pilot sites are expected to be operating the technology by the end of the year.
More than 20,000 people have been rescued from their homes or cars. President Barack Obama has declared the state a disaster area. The neighbouring states of Alabama and Mississippi also experienced severe weather. Several rivers in Louisiana and Mississippi are overflowing.
Capt Sutton will oversee 900 pilots at Jetstar, owned by Qantas Airways. She was previously the Boeing 767 fleet captain at QantAS, where she had responsibility for 180 pilots. Women make up a tiny proportion of the 130,000 airline pilots worldwide - around 4,000
Fake poll circulating on WhatsApp claiming Uhuru Kenyatta will win election. Poll suggests 90% of Kenyans had seen or heard false news in run-up to poll. Traditional media remained most trusted source of information, according to survey.
Girl, 16, believes she was doped after going to boyfriend's house. She says she woke up in a different house surrounded by 30 men. Arrest warrants have been issued, including one for the boyfriend. Brazil's first female president, Dilma Rousseff, expresses outrage over
US-based golf course designers Mike Keiser, Bill Coore and Todd Warnock have proposed creating the course at Coul Links, near Dornoch. Four conservation charities have joined forces to oppose the project. Scottish Wildlife Trust, RSPB Scotland, Buglife and Plantlife have concerns
Google chief executive Sundar Pichai said the UK was still an attractive place to do business. He said open borders and free movement for skilled migrants were "absolutely" important. Google employs around 4,000 people in the UK, a figure that could now rise to 7,000.
Archaeologists have found a shelter in a hollow left behind by a fallen tree at Blick Mead. The shelter was used over a 90-year period from 4336 BC, it is believed. Finds are being shown to United Nations heritage experts who are currently visiting Stonehenge.
1913 - Britain and the Ottoman government sign a treaty recognising Bahrain's independence. 1961 - Sheikh Isa Bin-Salman Al Khalifah becomes ruler of Bahrain. 1971 - Bahrain declares independence and signs a new treaty of friendship with Britain. Iran renounces its claim to sovereignty over
Belgium striker has fallen out of favour at Liverpool since Jurgen Klopp took over. The 25-year-old joined the Reds for £32.5m in July 2015 under former boss Brendan Rodgers. He has started only eight league games under Klopp and has scored 10 goals.
Christina Grant's family flew her to Australia following the death of her son and carer, Robert. Her family believed they had met the requirements of her visa, which expires later this month. Immigration officials said they had been working with the family and made no arrangements to remove Mrs Grant
Storm Desmond brought high winds and heavy rain to Northern Ireland. Counties Tyrone, Londonderry and Fermanagh were worst affected. Flooding was caused by a blocked culvert grille that caused water to overflow.
Latest in a series of task forces set up to tackle problems ranging from job losses to environmental crime and the refugee crisis. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced last week that the government-led task force would "fight for a future for our steel industry" BBC Scotland's business and economy editor Douglas Fraser
Tom Smith retires from cricket after 13-month injury lay-off. Lancashire all-rounder was named captain of the Red Rose in 2015. Smith will stay at Old Trafford to help bring young players through the club's system.
Daniel Braxton, 35, discovered the infant at a bus stop in Towyn, Conwy county. Police are concerned about the welfare of the baby's mother and have urged her to come forward. The baby has been placed under an interim care order.
Robbie Neilson's side will unfurl the Championship flag on Sunday before taking on St Johnstone in their first game back in the top flight. Neilson has said a top-six finish would represent success for the Edinburgh club this season.
Prof Colin Riordan said the policy of paying the majority of Welsh students' tuition fees has to change. He wants it replaced with a means tested grant to help poorer students. Welsh government said its tuition fee policy has been a "huge success"
Charlton have only won two of their 12 league games this season. The Addicks lost 3-0 at home to Preston on Tuesday night. Manager David Luzon has been in charge at The Valley since January.
Former journalist says China's behaviour is "very worrisome" for foreign companies. Government resorting to traditional coercive methods, he argues. Comments come against backdrop of GlaxoSmithKline corruption probe.
Wales beat Tranmere 1-0 to win their first competitive match of the season. Their victory was celebrated with a celebratory montage on BBC Radio Wales. You can watch Sport Wales every Friday on BBC Two Wales and on the iPlayer.
High housing costs and a lack of personal savings cited as reasons for this. Online survey by pollsters YouGov in July questioned 1,581 people in working families with children. Spokesman: "Strong protections" are in place for "those who fall on difficult times"
About half of all debit and credit cards are fitted with contactless capability. This allows shoppers to spend up to £30 on their card by placing it next to a sensor in a shop. One in 13 purchases was on contactless during the whole year, but use grew to one in eight
Jack Keene, 17, from Hertfordshire, was involved in a collision on the A4086. His family described him as a kind, loving and selfless person who "touched the lives of all he met" They thanked the emergency services and people at the roadside who tried
Iraqi prime minister announced Falluja's "liberation" on Friday after city council building retaken. Haider al-Abadi claimed remaining IS fighters would be "cleaned out within hours" But Colonel Christopher Garver said Iraqi forces had cleared only a third of the city.
Melissa Fletcher had put the hosts ahead, meeting an Emma Follis cross to head home after the break. Germany forward Linden, who was signed from Frankfurt, nodded in from a Kerys Harrop cross to salvage a point. Reading goalkeeper Mary Earps made a series of fine
The 20-year-old opted to play for England over the Republic of Ireland in September. Grealish played for the Republic at under-21 level but turned down a call-up to the senior squad for a friendly against England in June. Birmingham-born Grealish qualifies
Consumer Prices Index rose by 0.3% in January, according to the Office for National Statistics. Inflation has been below the Bank of England's 2% target for two years and last year it was zero. The BoE said earlier this month it expected inflation to stay below 1%
Welshman Davies won his second gold in Italy with an F42 discus world record. Hermitage also won gold number two with a world record in the T37 200m. Weir claimed his third gold, again leading home team-mate Richard Chiassaro.
The trunk road drops from 150m to 20m as it enters a valley at the braes in Caithness. There have been accusations from business leaders and politicians that the problem with this section of the A9 was being "ignored" Documents key to progressing the improvements have been published.
Ghana defender Yiadom was left out of Sheffield United's defeat by Ipswich. Heckingbottom said talks with Premier League newcomers are ongoing. The 25-year-old made 33 appearances for the Championship club last season.
Liberal Democrat AM Eluned Parrott said the Welsh government had "wasted" the money. She accused ministers of spending public money to "promote themselves before an election" The Welsh government said it was unapologetic about the campaign. Work on the Metro is set to start
Iain Henderson starts in second row as Donnacha Ryan has been struggling with knee injury. Keith Earls and Simon Zebo start on the wings with Ryan and Peter O'Mahony out. Fly-half Paddy Jackson named as fly-half with Ian Keatley on the
Conservative MP Mark Spencer said Midlands only receives 2% of BBC's licence fee. He said every other region, apart from the Midlands, had seen increased BBC investment. BBC said figures did not take into account its increasing investment in the region.
V774104 is three times further away than Pluto. It is 500-1,000km across and will need to be tracked over time to learn more about its orbit. The previously recognised most distant object is the dwarf planet Eris.
The EU is now trying a more comprehensive, strategic approach to the crisis. It includes an attempt to persuade (woo/push) the migrants' countries of origin. The EU also plans to send cash and other aid "over there", in the hope of dissuading more refugees.
England thrashed New Zealand 38-21 at Twickenham on Saturday. Pundits say it is one of the greatest games they have seen England play at the home of rugby. England's previous biggest win over the All Blacks was 13-0 in 1936.
Open AI says it expects its research to focus on a "positive human impact" Venture's backers include Tesla Motors and SpaceX CEO Elon Musk, Paypal co-founder Peter Thiel, Infosys and Amazon Web Services. Scientists have warned that advances in AI could ultimately threaten humanity.
Vasil Lobzhanidze opened the scoring for Georgia with an early try. But Tommy Seymour, Sean Maitland and Stuart Hogg scored tries for Scotland. Hamish Watson, Hamish Laidlaw and Tommy Seymour also crossed for the hosts.
Conor O'Shea will leave Harlequins at the end of the current season. The Irishman led Quins to the Premiership title in 2012. O’Shea has been linked with the Italy head coach job. Stuart Lancaster could be a like-for
Labour's adverts consistently shared more widely by social media users. Part of this may be down to the difference in tone of the adverts, says Who Targets Me co-founder. Labour's social media adverts had been more positive, seeking to emphasise that the party was building
Sir Neville started his musical career with the London Symphony Orchestra. He later established the Academy of St Martin in the Fields, one of the world's leading chamber orchestras. Its chairman, Paul Aylieff, said Sir Neville's legacy with orchestras and audiences worldwide was "immense"
Justin Gatlin beat Usain Bolt in the 100m final at the World Championships. American Gatlin finished in 9.92 seconds, while Bolt ran 9.95 seconds. Gatlin was booed every time he took to the blocks on Saturday night in Stratford. Bolt
Collision happened on the A21 Bangor to Newtownards dual carriageway. A number of people were taken to hospital after the crash. The road was closed overnight but has now reopened.
Before the law was passed, there were about 100 "headshops" selling legal highs in Ireland. The number has since been reduced to zero. "The headshop industry is gone," says Det Supt Tony Howard of the Garda Drugs Unit. But not everyone believes the ban is
Giannelli Imbula has made just 23 Premier League starts since joining from Porto on a five-and-a-half-year contract in February 2016. Imbula became Portuguese football's record signing when he joined Porto in a £15.1m deal from Marseille in
The man was driving a Citroen on the A249 when it hit a lorry parked in a lay-by. Kent Police said the man died at the scene and his family have been informed. The road was closed for about five hours after the crash.
Body was recovered from rocks to the north of Tresco, Devon and Cornwall Police said. Officers said the family of missing man Josh Clayton, 23, had been informed but no formal identification had been made. A search was launched for Mr Clayton from Taunton after he went missing on
Alex Crossan, real name Muramasa Sengo, is a Guernsey-born musician from Brighton. His most recent track, Love For That, has been played more than a million times on SoundCloud. The 19-year-old mixes beats with Asian instrumentation and
The combined list of candidates headed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu performed disappointingly. Mr Netanyahu emerges from these elections a rather diminished figure. His wheeling and dealing skills may be sorely tested as he sets about building a new coalition. The undoubted star of the evening was Yair Lapid
ONS figures show 3.7 million workers travel for two hours or longer every weekday. Average daily commute lasted 57.1 minutes in 2015, ONS data showed. TUC said workers were now less likely to be able to afford to live near their places of work. The cost of renting a
The first planes landed on the sand in Traigh Mhor in June 1936. Today, it is one of Highlands and Islands Airports Ltd's busiest sites. Flights to and from Barra are dictated by the tide and its three runways are fully submerged.
Bridge linking Danestone and Tillydrone was supposed to be completed late last year. But issues with re-routing underground utilities have caused a series of delays. Bridge is expected to be called 'the Diamond Bridge' and will open on 9 June.
Philip Tron, 32, and his partner's daughter Courtney Boyle, 19, were killed in the attack. Courtney's mum said: "My gorgeous crazy Philip, you made my world a happy place, and now you are both my angels flying high in the sky" Wend
Talks broke down after Lambeth Council said not enough had been done to attract private sector backing. Chair of the Garden Bridge Trust, Lord Mervyn Davies, said he was "delighted to move forward with the project" Bridge will stretch from Temple to the South Bank in Lambeth
The show features 19 exhibits around the 105-acre garden in Derbyshire. Lilas, by Dame Zaha, was originally created for the Serpentine Gallery at Kensington Gardens. The sculptures will be on show until 30 October and members can bid to buy them.
Haroon Syed, of west London, admitted preparing acts of terrorism. He tried to source weapons including a suicide bomb and machine gun. Was caught after approaching MI5 officers posing as fellow extremists. Syed was sentenced to a minimum of 16 years and six months.
Henry McCullough, Bap Kennedy and Basil Blackshaw died in Northern Ireland in 2016. A permanent memorial to Rory Gallagher is also planned for 2017 outside the Ulster Hall. There were some notable successes on the big and small screen for Northern Ireland linked productions.
Nicholas Serota has already delivered on Tate's "potential" He doesn't want the next incumbent to think he or she has an easy ride. The front-runner is Maria Balshaw, who has done a splendid job as the boss of the Whitworth.
Rotherham United have signed 11 players so far this summer. Stoke have signed four players. Chelsea's reported £30m signing of Cesc Fabregas is the biggest British signing so far.
Reading Borough Council has spent four years designing parking scheme to relieve pressures. Charges would be placed on 625 spaces and restrictions placed on a further 741. Hospital staff have set up a petition against the plans, calling them 'problematic' Residents have until 13 June to submit their views
New Zealand was one of the original nations involved in the Trans-Pacific Partnership. If a deal is concluded it will create a "mega regional" bloc with a combined GDP of $28 trillion. Key explains why he is optimistic that an agreement will be reached.
Sister Nirmala was suffering from various ailments. She took over the running of the charity after Mother Teresa died in 1997. The Missionaries of Charity has about 4,500 nuns and hundreds of homes.
Laws had been training with Arsenal but has decided to remain in the north east. She will fill in for regular goalkeeper Helen Alderson, who is going to Africa. The Newcastle-born keeper played 18 games for the Lady Black Cats last season.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said it was "ultimately a decision" for Prime Minister Theresa May. Mr Jones warned Wales was "unlikely to consent" to a deal unless certain conditions were secured. He said he could not "envisage consent being given by Wales"
Co-op Bank was forced to put itself on the market in February. It was unable to reach a strong enough footing to satisfy Bank of England regulations. In June, it said it was in "advanced discussions" with existing investors. Now the bank says the plan has been "substant
Afghanistan's new president says he wants the country "truly open for business" President Ashraf Ghani inherited an economy in tatters after three decades of war. Afghan entrepreneurs have had to be creative to thrive. The speed with which President Ghani dealt with the Kabul Bank
Line between Oxford and Didcot Parkway was closed for 16 days. Flood prevention work took place at Hinksey. The tracks have flooded 11 times in 14 years. They have been raised 60cm (24in) and culverts built.
Fester was born with a narrow jaw which causes his lower teeth to stick out. The one-year-old was handed in to the Dogs Trust near Darlington in December. Following an appeal on social media, the canine has found a new home.
Lennon sent the note shortly after Christmas in 1951 to his mother's sister. He thanks her for presents, including a book about famous ships. The letter is to be sold at an online auction that closes on 3 April. It was formerly the property of his cousin David Birch,
The government's promised in-out EU referendum was a vote-winner at the election. But it is prompting some Commons Tories to murmur of a "Corn Laws-style split" in the party. Historically, issues that go to the heart of what the Conservative party is about can
Lincoln holds one of four remaining original copies of the 1215 Magna Carta. Charter was signed by King John at Runnymede in 1215 and outlined basic rights. It charted the right to a fair trial, and limits on taxation without representation.
Scotland face Northern Ireland in a friendly at Hampden Park on Wednesday. Gordon Strachan's side are without captain Darren Fletcher, who is back playing for West Brom. Celtic captain Scott Brown has led Scotland in recent matches. Scotland face Gibraltar in their next Euro 2016 qualifier on
Ex-students and staff from UWC Atlantic College in Vale of Glamorgan helped to help. The boat will be used to try to ensure the safe landing of boats from Turkey. A narrow stretch of water has become a crossing point for people from Syria and other countries.
Police say they broke up the crowd of about 150 protesters in the suburb of Ferguson. A police car reportedly came under fire and a person was hurt in an unrelated shooting. Black teenager Michael Brown was shot by a white policeman on 9 August. The shooting of the 18-year-old
The rate of deforestation in the Amazon region has increased in recent years. Indigenous reserves in the region are among the areas most severely affected. The BBC's Sarah Robbins spoke to locals about their concerns and the problems they face. "We can't risk our own lives, we have families
The Cheetahs and Kings are set to enter the Pro12 for the coming season. The pair meet in their final Super Rugby fixture on 14 July, leaving scant opportunity for rest and preparation. South African Solomons, 66, says spending long periods overseas would handicap the new additions
Bolivia's President Morales expropriates Transportadora de Electricidad (TDE) TDE owns and runs 73% of the power lines in Bolivia, providing 85% of Bolivians with electricity. Mr Morales said he was expropriating the company because it had failed to
The company reported an 8% increase in profit to $391m (Â£273m) for the first three months of 2016. Sales at stores in China that have been open a year or more rose 6% compared to the same quarter last year. Yum wants to spin-off
Woking council will hold a public meeting on Tuesday in response to a petition in June. The council said the meeting, with an independent chairman, was open to all. It said Woking was in the top 10% of least deprived areas in the country.
BG Group said it was gradually taking workers from the Lomond installation. A Norwegian vessel which caught fire was about 12 miles away. Tugs were being sent from Aberdeen to take the vessel under tow.
Two-thirds of Ferguson's residents are black and now half the council. Turnout increased from 12% at the last elections, in 2013, to 29%. Ella Jones defeated two white candidates to become the first black woman on council.
TUC's 142nd congress is first under non-Labour government since 1996. Move rejects idea that cuts were necessary to pay for the deficit. TUC general secretary Brendan Barber warns cuts will make Britain a "dark, brutish and more frightening place" Cabinet minister Francis Ma
Former Sunderland team-mate Alex Rae reckons Lee Clark will be a good addition to Scottish football. Former Huddersfield and Birmingham City boss will need to hit the ground running at Rugby Park. Killie are currently one point above the relegation play-off place in the Scottish Premiership.
Bradley Wiggins wins world time trial title in Spain. 34-year-old beats Tony Martin by 26.23 seconds on hilly 47.1km course. Wiggins now has a rainbow jersey on the road to go with the six he has won on the track.
Hanoi's new international airport terminal opened on Christmas Day. The project was only started in 2009 - five short years in which to build. From what I could see, the Asian boom is being financed with Asian cash. If I owned a construction company, or a hotel chain, or an
Pair, aged 24 and 25, were arrested in a raid in the western suburb of Fairfield on Tuesday. Police say a hunting knife, an Islamic State flag and a video describing an attack were seized. They have been charged with undertaking acts in preparation or planning for a terrorist act.
Northampton Borough Council gave Northampton Town a £10.25m loan in 2013. The money has never been paid back and the council is in the process of trying to get it back. Conservative MP David Mackintosh said he felt "angry, frustrated and upset" about the ongoing
Those born in the early 1980s have an average wealth of Â£27,000 each. This is compared to the £53,000 those born in 1970s had by the same age. Young people will also find it harder to amass wealth in the future.
Photographer Craig Mann used Photoshop to create the pictures. They feature characters such as Princess Leia, Darth Vader and Boba Fett. The firth is used for anchoring rigs during winter and downtime.
Ray Moore said women's game "rides on the coat-tails" of men. Women's world number one Serena Williams said comments were "offensive and very inaccurate" Novak Djokovic said men's tour should fight for more prize money. Moore later apologised for his "
Richard Cockerill leaves Leicester Tigers after 25 years with the club. Cockerill has been on the Premiership club's coaching staff since 2004. Head coach Aaron Mauger will take over on an interim basis. Tigers are fifth in the Premiership, 15 points adrift of leaders Was
Hank Greenberg and Howard Smith are accused of engineering bogus transactions to hide firm's financial difficulties. Charges were filed by then-New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer in 2005. Both have denied the allegations. Court of Appeals said there's enough evidence for the trial to proceed.
Imran Tahir takes 7-112 as Somerset all out for 437. Notts lost Steven Mullaney and Michael Lumb early, before closing on 58-2. Tom Trescothick added 101 to his overnight 117.
Anthony O'Sullivan, 47, and Martin Lincoln, 46, were given 24-week terms. Severnside Provisions, of Leeway Industrial Estate, was also ordered to pay £400,000. Pair were warned in 2010 that their company was not permitted to process turkey.
PC Ed Barker stopped the man falling 40ft (12m) from Rochdale Town Hall. He ran up fire escape steps and caught him just as he tried to throw himself to ground. PC Barker has been awarded the force's John Egerton Trophy for his bravery. The award
Herbert Diess, head of the VW brand, said the company would have a fix in the coming weeks or months. The US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) was less certain, saying that Volkswagen "have not produced an acceptable way forward" The EPA disclosed VW's use of "defeat
James Alabi put Chester ahead after taking Elliott Durrell's cross with a deft touch before turning and rifling home. John Askey's men equalised against the run of play when right-back Andy Halls made a forward run. Alabi hit the post in the second half, but
Suspected bookmaker approached two Sri Lankan players ahead of a match. Kusal Perera and Rangana Herath were approached shortly before the match in Galle, Sri Lanka. Both players turned down the approach and the authorities were informed.
O'Sullivan beat Barry Hawkins 10-1 in Sunday's final to equal Stephen Hendry's record. The five-time world champion equalled the biggest-ever margin of victory in a Masters final. He only returned to action in mid-December after eight months away from the game.
Sky Sports were awarded the rights to screen 10 Friday night matches last season. Sky and BT paid a record £5.1bn for the right to show top-flight games for three seasons from 2016-17. Arsenal will host Leicester City on Friday 11 August, with a 19:45
Micheál Martin has said his party will facilitate a minority government. Water charges are one of the main sticking points to reaching agreement. A commission to consider the future of national water utility Irish Water is also being considered.
Mackie has scored twice in 33 Championship games for the Rs since rejoining following his release by Nottingham Forest in June 2015. The 31-year-old found the net 18 times in 94 games in his first spell at Loftus Road between 2010 and 2013. Meanwhile, midfielder Karl Henry, 34
Albino deer occur once every 100,000 births, so this one is really unusual. The little one has had lots of attention from visitors already.
Family of 12 have not been seen since 17 May after visiting Bangladesh. It is believed they stopped in Turkey on their way home before entering the war-torn country. Bedfordshire Police said it had not confirmed whether the family had crossed the border. A statement from relatives in the UK
Plans would see passengers transported in gondolas along a route from Cardiff central train station. Gondolas would pass through Central Square and Cardiff Bay before terminating in Penarth. Scheme would cost about £20m per mile and could be funded by Welsh transport budget.
The police admitted a claim of wrongdoing in public office in 2015 after being sued by John Flynn over two attempts on his life in the 1990s. Mr Flynn has said the PSNI did not fully examine claims of security force collusion with loyalists. A notorious UVF unit, based in north
Comments follow Washington Post article saying Obama learned of Putin's 'direct involvement' Alleged meddling is the subject of high-level investigations in the US. President Putin has repeatedly denied any Russian interference into the presidential election. Mr Obama was concerned he might himself be seen as trying to manipulate
Basingstoke Town FC blames a wi-fi receiver for picking up taxi radio signals. Residents complained about noise coming from ground between 22:00 BST on Saturday and 08:00 on Sunday. Chairman Raffi Razzak said the system would be completely turned off when not
Four masked assailants attacked the Yeni Safak building. No casualties were reported. The two papers support the governing AK Party of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The multi-million pound investment has been partly funded by charitable donations. A crane was used to lift the scanner into place and the operation took several hours to complete. The scanner should be operational within two months and will be used in the diagnosis of a wide range of medical conditions.
Jacqui Thompson was arrested in 2011 for filming a Carmarthenshire council meeting. She sued Mark James for libel and he counter-sued for posts on her blog. CPS said Mrs Thompson had been charged with an harassment offence. But a decision was taken to discontinue her case
The man was flying in economy class from Dubai to Hong Kong. Police said the man had lost two watches and foreign currency. There have been increasing reports of mid-air thefts around the world.
French voters go to the polls on Sunday to decide between Emmanuel Macron and Marine Le Pen. Ms Le Pen has capitalised on anti-EU feeling, and has promised a referendum on EU membership. Five big unions have urged their members not to vote for Le Pen, though three have stopped short
Eric Johnson, 31, was born to a Jamaican mother and British father. He moved to the UK from the Caribbean aged four. The Home Office wanted to deport him as a "foreign criminal" The Supreme Court ruled this was discriminatory.
Jonathan Paul Burrows avoided £42,550 in fares by avoiding the £21.50 fare from Stonegate in East Sussex. He avoided the full fare by boarding the London-bound train at Stonegate without purchasing a ticket. On arriving in London, he went through the barriers at Cannon
Former foreign secretaries write to PM over perceived failure to protect business. They also call for him to raise the murder of Alexander Litvinenko in London in 2006. Cameron is flying to Moscow on Sunday in an attempt to improve relations with Medvedev and Putin. Relations between UK and
Hartlepool were relegated from the EPL last season. Pools lost their opening game at home to Dover on Saturday. Danny Whitaker gave the home side the lead in the 38th minute. Jake Cassidy equalised for Pools after 58 minutes.
Iran has agreed to limit its sensitive nuclear activities in return for lifting of crippling sanctions. Iran has for years been building a heavy-water nuclear facility at Arak, the spent fuel from which would contain plutonium suitable for a nuclear bomb. P5+1 group of world powers originally wanted A
Private John Parr, 17, was the first British soldier to die fighting in Europe. He was shot and killed on the eve of the Battle of Mons in August 1914. His mother Alice Parr feared the worst when she wrote to the War Office seeking answers.
David Haye and Tony Bellew have been warned by the BBBofC. Former heavyweight world champion Haye made a series of graphic descriptions of hurting Bellew. The 36-year-old had surgery on a ruptured Achilles tendon after the fight. Bellew stopped Hay
Retail veteran Greg Tufnell's team, backed by Portuguese money, is the front-runner. But if a deal cannot be struck, the business may still have to be liquidated. Matalan tycoon John Hargreaves and Turkish entrepreneur Cafer Mahiroglu
Numsa claims more than 200,000 of its members are striking.
Mark Moogalian was shot in the neck during the struggle on the high-speed train from Amsterdam to Paris. Five other passengers overpowered the suspect, Moroccan national Ayoub El-Khazzani. The Legion d'honneur was founded by Napoleon Bonaparte in 1802.
A section of Dunsdale Haugh in Selkirk is to shut with a diversion route put in place. The closure, starting 3 May, will see a new flood protection wall built and a culvert installed. Scottish Borders Council said a 'considerable amount of work' had
Southampton, Portsmouth and Isle of Wight councils applied to create authority. They said they had been allocated £900m over 30 years by the government. Portsmouth Council leader Donna Jones said the money now appeared to have been lost because of opposition by Hampshire County Council.
De Roon moved to Teesside in June 2016 for an initial £8.8m fee. The Netherlands international, 26, scored five goals in 36 league and cup games. Garry Monk confirmed the Championship club's interest in Chelsea midfielder Lewis Baker.
Carriage has spent four months at the National Railway Museum in Shildon. It took the coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965.
Dr Tim Ladbrooke: "The week before Christmas was 175% busier than any week we'd ever had before" BBC London political correspondent Karl Mercer speaks to those feeling the strain.
Swedish giant asks customers who bought any model of the Mysingso chair to return it for a full refund. The global recall comes after Ikea received reports from Finland, Germany, the US, Denmark and Australia. Ikea said the chair had a "risk of falling or finger
Prime Minister Narendra Modi scrapped 1,000 and 500 rupee notes in surprise move last week. People have a limited time to exchange the notes for smaller denominations, but will have their fingers marked. Authorities often use indelible ink to stop people from voting more than once in Indian elections.
Women's football star Chastain to donate her brain to study effects of concussion. Chastain, 47, says she hopes it will help "change things for the positive" CTE, a degenerative disease, has been found in athletes with a history of repetitive brain trauma.
The A78 Largs to Seamill road was closed to traffic after the accident. The woman's 60-year-old husband and lorry driver were rescued and taken to hospital. One other man who was in the building at the time was evacuated unhurt.
Cricket Australia CEO James Sutherland pays tribute to Phillip Hughes. Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott: "Phillip Hughes was a young man living out his dreams" Nick Compton: "He was a cheeky, funny, positive guy. Looking back, I feel like he's made the most of
Hull drop to fourth in Championship after 1-1 draw with Nottingham Forest. Gary Gardner's wonder goal puts Forest ahead at the break. Substitute Enner Valencia equalises for Tigers with 17 minutes remaining. Hull have won just once in their last six Championship matches.
Stem cells used to produce hundreds of millions of the cells in the laboratory. Tests on mice with type 1 diabetes showed the lab-made cells could control blood sugar levels. More research is needed before this could become a cure for the disease.
Villa were leading 2-1 at half-time when Watford captain Troy Deeney scored twice. Aly Cissokho was sent off with 17 minutes to play for Watford. Ayew and Idrissa Gana Gueye allegedly involved in an incident involving home
More than 9,000 attend testimonial for Hibs left-back Lewie Stevenson. The 29-year-old played 40 times as Hibs won the Scottish Championship last season. He was in the Hibs side that ended the club's 114-year wait to lift the Scottish Cup
Lindahl won Olympic silver with her country in Rio in 2016. The 33-year-old has been with Chelsea since December 2014. She helped the Blues win a domestic double in 2015.
Sharbat Gula was pictured in 1984 in a refugee camp in Pakistan. She has been accused of living in Pakistan on fake identity papers. Pakistan recently launched a crackdown on fake IDs.
ShakerScope is a light source which can be quickly adapted to look in people's eyes, ears and throats. Unlike regular devices it does not need batteries. Shaking the scope for 30 seconds produces enough current to light the device for three minutes. It has already been tested in military hospitals in
Emergency services called to Glenapp Road in the Pollokshields area of Glasgow. Two people taken to hospital suffering from smoke inhalation. Other residents received medical assessments at the scene.
Up to 30,000 vehicles use the route between Oxford and Witney each day. Witney MP David Cameron described the A40 as "a bit of a foot on the windpipe of west Oxfordshire economy" In July, the authority earmarked £38m to the scheme as part of
Daryl Janmaat has signed for Newcastle from Feyenoord. The 24-year-old becomes Alan Pardew's fifth signing of the summer. Janmaat made five appearances for Holland at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Camelia Lupu was last seen leaving her home address in Stalybridge. Her brother, Noevelle Lupu, has also been reported missing. It is believed the pair are with 19-year-old Marius Savin.
Girl was reported missing at 22:00 BST on Thursday. 30 officers searched for the girl from Teesside, who was found earlier in the day. A 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction.
Reverend Andrew Foreshew-Cain is moving to the Peak District with his husband. He said he felt under constant pressure being a gay man working in the Church. Has been a vicar for 27 years and is the vicar of St Mary with All Souls, Kilburn,
Scotland face Slovenia at Hampden Park on Sunday evening. Gordon Strachan's side must beat the second-placed Slovenians to keep World Cup hopes alive. Celtic striker Griffiths will start ahead of Steven Fletcher, Steven Naismith, Chris Martin and Jordan Rhodes. The
The 28-year-old former Manchester City defender joined the club from Brentford in January 2014. He has been a regular in Derek McInnes' side over the past two-and-a-half seasons. "I was always confident we could try and get there and get a
Nottingham lead the league on 28 points, with Sheffield Steelers on 27 and Belfast 25. The Giants got a short-handed opener through player-coach Derrick Walser but Jeff Dimmen pulled the Panthers level. Mike Radja scored from an acute angle and James Desmarais made
Thousands of mostly young Somalis were playing in the surf at Lido beach in Mogadishu. The beach's popularity has attracted a range of new business ventures. "Octopus, sea turtle, lobster, shrimp - it's all over this place," says executive chef at the Benadir
Fr John Sullivan (1861 - 1933) was one of 39 to be named in a decree signed by Pope Francis to be beatified - officially recognised as 'Blessed' He was declared a 'Servant of God' in 1960 and in 2014 he was made a 'Venerable' by
The Daily Telegraph said the Tate London has a "winner" with its "outstanding" exhibition. Many of the items will be seen together for the first time in the exhibition, which opens on Thursday. Matisse cut out paper shapes for collages when ill-health prevented him from painting
Liam Laverick, 25, from Beeford Grove in Hull has pleaded not guilty to manslaughter. His four-week old son, Tommy Lee, died after being taken to hospital in September 2014. The baby was taken to Hull Royal Infirmary and died later at Leeds General Inf
Lucy Ward claims unfair dismissal and sex discrimination. Leeds United insist Ms Ward was dismissed for exceeding leave entitlement. Ms Ward is the partner of ex-Leeds head coach Neil Redfearn.
Elton John lost his cool during his performance at Kingsholmstadium on Sunday. Steward incurred his wrath for trying to stop people with cheaper tickets blocking the view of concert-goers at the front who had paid more. But sorry turned out not to be the hardest word, with John
Allardyce led the Eagles to a 14th-place finish after replacing Alan Pardew in December. The 62-year-old led the club to eight wins in 21 games to guide them to safety. He left his post as England manager in September after only one match in charge
Council is consulting on shutting Bodlondeb in Penparcau, Aberystwyth, with the loss of 33 jobs. Report said residents would have to move to other homes - potentially long distances away. Council previously said the building would need significant investment to continue operating.
Juno made its first close approach to Jupiter since going into orbit in July. The flyby took the spacecraft just 4,200km above Jupiter's multi-coloured atmosphere. Images show the swirling clouds of the gas giant at both its poles. Juno's next close approach is
Reform Scotland report claims more police officers are solving fewer crimes. Report argues this shouldn't be happening when crime rates are falling. However, the report doesn't seem to have the data or proof to support this claim. How many officers is it really impacting?
Rivington Biscuits will cut 99 of its 123 staff, keeping 24 while it seeks a buyer. Administrators said the firm would "fulfil orders into the New Year" The company, which makes Pink Panther wafers, is owned by a Dutch company.
Torquing Group issues new information on how funding was distributed. Apology issued for lack of communication after Zano project collapsed last week. Firm also reiterated its intention to co-operate fully with Trading Standards.
Police initially said business rivalry was a more likely motive for the attack on the Movida bar. Authorities are increasingly concerned about IS-related attacks as a number of Malaysians have gone to fight in Syria. There have been dozens of extremism-related arrests in recent years.
Eleven candidates vying to be next UN secretary general. Eight of them from Eastern Europe. Bulgaria has proposed Irina Bokova, current head of Unesco. Kristalena Georgieva rumoured to be on the brink of announcing candidacy.
Arrest warrants issued for 17 people and at least 13 were arrested. Among those arrested were six suspects in Italy, four in Britain, and three in Norway. Police say some of the suspects may have travelled to Syria or Iraq. The network was allegedly plotting to free its leader, Mullah Kre
Cpl Kylo Gorman's medals were taken from his car in Bolton-le-Sands. The 28-year-old has served five tours of Afghanistan and at the Queen's Diamond Jubilee. Lancashire Police said they are investigating the theft.
Libraries in 118 cities around the world nominated 160 books. The 100,000 euro (Â£71,300) prize winner will be announced on 9 June 2016. Jim Crace won the prize last year for his novel Harvest. Kevin Barry won for his debut novel, City of
Snibston Discovery Museum is based at a former colliery in Leicestershire. The award-winning museum is the most visited in the county, but some of the buildings were included on English Heritage's most recent At Risk register. Funding bid had been for a £5m
Ander Herrera's first-half strike gave Manchester United the lead. David De Gea went off injured in what may be his final Old Trafford appearance. Radamel Falcao looked like he was saying farewell to Old Trafford as he was replaced by Robin van Persie.
England collapse from 100-0 to 164 all out as Bangladesh win first Test. Cook says England showed their inexperience in sub-continent conditions. Ben Stokes fined 15% of his match fee and one demerit point for misconduct. Bangladesh captain Mushfiqur
Belfast man Bill McCrea was chaplain for the Sailors' Society. He was on duty at the Merchant Navy and National Sea Training College in Gravesend. The disaster marked the beginning of months of shared grief and years of recovery.
The Northern Ireland Bat Group saves grounded and injured bats. Volunteers hand-raise the mammals in their homes before releasing them back into the wild. They have been found in a pot of oil outside a takeaway, stuck to flypaper in people's homes.
Man, 38, arrested on suspicion of causing grievous bodily harm and remains in custody. Witnesses said man attacked another on train then ran out of station shouting "he wanted to kill Muslims" Train services were temporarily stopped on the line at Forest Hill station at 13:20 GMT.
London overwhelmingly in, huge parts of the north Out, writes Danny Savage. In Scotland the biggest and most pressing question is whether this vote could spell the break-up of the UK. Every region in Scotland voted to remain but the UK-wide result means that Scotland will nonetheless be leaving the EU
13 pupils at fee-paying school have been suspended for using E-cigarettes. Another pupil has been suspended and given a final warning after the discovery of cannabis. Rector Dr John Halliday said police were conducting an investigation into the incident.
Queens Park Rangers beat Leeds United 3-0 at Loftus Road. Nedum Onuoha and Tjaronn Chery scored the goals for QPR. Sebastian Polter scored a late consolation for Leeds.
All five are charged with misconduct relating to four alleged incidents. Reports had been made that the force's helicopter had been used for inappropriate filming. The charges relate to incidents between 2007 and 2012, South Yorkshire Police said.
Xbox SmartGlass allows users to control games via third-party devices. App also acts as controllers for the firm's Internet Explorer web browser. Move poses a challenge to Nintendo's Wii U Game Pad.
Celtic, Aberdeen and Dundee United are among the Scottish Premiership clubs to strengthen this summer. Ronny Deila has brought in a number of new players to bolster his defence. Rodney Sneijder has joined Dundee on a two-year deal after leaving Almere City.
Easyjet said four of its flights were diverted, while BA said one was diverted to Bournemouth. Gatwick runway was closed for nine and five minutes after drone was sighted. 70 near misses involving drones in 2016, more than double the year before. Civil Aviation Authority recommends
Rajab was one of several leading activists arrested after pro-democracy protests in 2011. He was convicted in 2012 of taking part in illegal gatherings and disturbing public order. Rights groups, including Amnesty International and Human Rights First, campaigned for his release. In December 2013, a Bahraini court
Kenny Miller scored twice for Rangers in 3-0 win over Aberdeen. Adam Rooney netted twice for the Dons. Joe Dodoo scored Rangers' third. Rangers move up to third in the Scottish Premiership.
Contracts to cover both cancer and end of life care in Staffordshire were announced last year. Contracts are expected to be worth £1.2bn and cover a 10-year period. If successful, the consortium will co-ordinate cancer care - from diagnosis through to treatment.
Jersey granite memorial stone unveiled in French village of Guillemont. Made from Jersey granite, it will be a permanent reminder of the role Jersey played in the war. A core of the stone will be brought back to the island to become part of a monument.
AJ MacGinty landed four penalties and Denny Solomona traded scores with Kai Horstmann. Luke Cowan-Dickie's try just before the break kept the Chiefs in touch. Olly Woodburn and Don Armand crossed after half-time to earn a bonus
The review will be led by Dr Margaret Flynn, who has been involved in previous serious case reviews involving the elderly. It comes after the UK's biggest inquiry into alleged neglect in six homes - Operation Jasmine - which cost Â£11.6m. Two were owned by Dr Pr
Congo beat Burkina Faso 1-0 to reach World Cup quarter-finals. Thierry Bifouma scores only goal of the game in 87th minute. Aristide Bance scores last-gasp equaliser for Burkina Faso. Congo
Kamal C Chavara was detained by the police in Kerala state on Sunday. The youth wing of the Hindu nationalist BJP lodged a complaint against him. Last month, the Supreme Court ruled that the anthem must be played in every cinema before a film is screened.
American Airlines plane's wing clipped tail of a Southwest Airlines plane. Both planes were on taxiway at Detroit Metro airport when accident happened. Passengers had to remain on board the planes but there are no reports of any injuries. The Federal Aviation Authority has said it will investigate the incident.
Scottish unemployment rate is 5.5%, while the UK is at 5.6%, according to the latest figures. Scottish employment rate remains higher than the UK, according to Office for National Statistics. Unemployment has been accompanied by a sharp increase in pay, says Andrew Hammond.
Lizzie Mould, from Bristol University, was challenged to come up with a "green" realistic snow. Gloucestershire firm Snow Business challenged her to create 'green' snow for film and TV. Took two years and 'a few hundred attempts' but her new
Psychiatric patients now spend six fewer days in hospital than in 2012-13. Healthwatch England says some patients are being discharged too early and without enough support. The number of suicides of patients being cared for at home has been double that of inpatients.
Gracie Mellalieu has Morquio Syndrome, which affects the way bones and joints grow. She has been trialling a new drug called Vimizim, which has won Welsh Government approval. It will cost Â£880,000 a year to treat eligible patients in Wales
Motherwell were forced to postpone an under-20s game against Celtic on Tuesday. Vast majority of the first team squad were laid low by illness. Club reports that most of the squad have been able to train on Friday.
Mrs Schlafly was an outspoken opponent of feminism and abortion. She helped Republicans block the Equal Rights Amendment in the 1970s. The Eagle Forum, a conservative group she founded in 1972, announced her death.
DSI Plumbing and Heating Ltd ordered to pay £1,000 costs at Bournemouth Crown Court. Faults were found at 309 properties in Poole and 40 flats in Reading. HSE investigation found that between 2005 and 2007 flues and pipes had not been properly fitted.
Open day visits now include trips to Dutch universities, which are pitching themselves as if they were offshore Russell Group institutions. Across the Netherlands, there are 2,600 UK students in universities this term - up by a third in a year. Independent school head teachers want Dutch universities to be included on Ucas
Democratic Unionist party understood to want more formal protection for Ulster-Scots. Comes after demands for an Irish language act from Democratic Unionist Party. But what form would that take and what do Ulster-Scottish speakers want? 8% of Northern Ireland's population claim some knowledge
Sherri Papini was still bound with restraints when she managed to flag down a car. Police are looking for two women in connection with her disappearance. A $50,000 reward is being offered to find those responsible for her capture.
Performers have been criticised for being overly aggressive and aggressive. They threatened to tarnish the area's newly acquired family-friendly image. Mayor Bill de Blasio is expected to sign the bill into law.
Adriano Guedes, 63, was paralysed by a stroke in 2008. He was admitted to James Paget Hospital in Gorleston, Norfolk, in 2014. Hospital obtained a court order to evict him and he is now in a council flat. Suffolk County Council
Non-invasive prenatal testing (NIPT) can offer only an estimate of Down's risk and is not diagnostic. Nuffield Council on Bioethics says some clinics give too little advice and support. One private clinic said counselling was a vital part of the test.
Darren Boyce signs for Ballymena United on a 30-month deal. The 27-year-old had been on loan at Dungannon Swifts this season. Brian McCaul signs for Glenavon from Linfield.
Healthy travel will be promoted in school lessons and public health campaigns. Transport Minister Edwina Hart said there was a need for "culture change" Local councils are obliged to provide routes for cyclists and walkers.
Dr Ben Carson was asked on Meet the Press whether his faith should matter to voters. Donald Trump failed to correct a questioner who alleged that Obama wasn't American, wasn't Christian - but was a Muslim. Dr Carson said he would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this
Snowdon Race attracts some of the best mountain racers in Europe. Emmanuel Manzi from Italy won the event at Llanberis. Richard Roberts was the first Welsh competitor to finish.
Sir Kevin has referred himself to the Parliamentary Commissioner for Standards. It follows a Daily Telegraph report saying he received fees for sponsoring dinners. In a letter to Ms Hudson, he said all the fees were paid to charity.
The company's flotation on the Nasdaq stock exchange had initially raised a less-than-expected $286m. However, investors flocked to the shares, and they ended the day at $20.24. The sale is a big test of demand for Chinese internet stocks ahead of
Team USA won the World Wheelchair Basketball Championship. They are now preparing for their next competition.
Disturbance happened on a number 9A bus travelling on Paisley Road, Tradeston. 26-year-old man sustained facial injuries during the incident on 20 December. Police described the man they are looking for as white, in his 50s, of heavy build.
Guam is home to an important US airbase, nuclear bombers and about 6,000 troops. Governor Eddie Baza Calvo: "Currently there is no threat to our island" Local comedian: "We're really in caught in the cross fire. President Trump seems as much of
Larissa Hooley, 48, and Nigel Haines, 59, died during a dive off the island of Gozo. Stephen Martin, 56, from Rustington, West Sussex, was due to face trial on charges of involuntary homicide. The charges were dropped following a visit to
Brent crude oil prices rise above $40 a barrel for the first time this year. Dow Jones closes 67.18 points up, S&P 500 rises 1.77 points, Nasdaq falls 8.77. Oil firms led the Dow higher, with Chevron adding 3.1
New laws say communist monuments in eastern Ukraine must be removed. Campaign has triggered controversy, with critics saying it is an assault on Ukraine's past. Follow BBC Monitoring on Twitter and Facebook.
Europe are not a one man team in this year's Ryder Cup. Justin Rose and Sergio Garcia have the form and experience to lead the way for Europe. Northern Irish pair Ian Poulter and Rory McIlroy have dominated the build-up. Graeme McDowell and Lee West
An axe was said to have been thrown at a police car during the raid in Fleetwood. Four men from the Bolton area have been charged with two counts of robbery. Also charged with dangerous driving and threatening a person in a public place with a bladed or pointed article.
Amazon's UK business has been a subsidiary of its European headquarters in Luxembourg since 2006. Anyone buying anything from Amazon in the UK makes a payment to the retailer in Luxembourg, with the profits taxed there rather than here. Campaigners against tax avoidance arrangements - which are quite legal - have taken a
Mohammed Nowrouz Noori lost his wife, son and daughter in a boat accident in January. He was among more than 60 migrants rescued from the Turkish coast. Nowrouz spent a 12-day struggle to recover the bodies of his loved ones and bring them home for burial.
Justin Gatlin ran the fastest 100m and 200m times by a man in his thirties this summer. The American has been nominated as one of the IAAF's male athletes of the year. Gatlin, banned once as a young man, banned again in 2006, is
Conservative MP for Northampton South says he will not stand for re-election. He announced his decision ahead of a local party meeting where his candidacy was expected to be opposed. Mr Mackintosh was criticised over the loan to Northampton Town FC from borough council. About £10.25
Jason Levien and Steve Kaplan bought a controlling 60% stake in Swansea City. The deal was ratified by the Premier League on 1 July. Swansea Supporters' Trust retain a 21.1% stake. Trust chairman Phil Sumbler disappointed with lack of information from new owners.
Miriam Briddon died after the collision involving her Fiat Punto and a Volkswagen Golf. Gareth Entwhistle, 34, admitted causing death by careless driving while under the influence of alcohol. He will appear again at Swansea Crown Court at the end of July.
Wales and England meet in Group B on Thursday (14:00 BST) Gareth Bale said the Welsh had more passion and pride than England last week. Wales beat Slovakia 2-1 in their first game in a major tournament for 58 years. England drew 1-1 with
Blair says he trusts Mr Miliband to handle the dispute in the 'right way' Labour leader is expected to set out changes to limit union influence in candidate selection. He says he wants to'mend', not end, links with unions but insists he runs the party. Labour has
Theresa May responds to claims she clashed with Jean-Claude Juncker over dinner. She also refuses to commit to settling the issue of expats' rights by June. Refusing to be pushed around is one thing, refusing to show any sign of compromise is another.
Scott made 38 appearances last season for Livingston, scoring five goals. He was in his second spell with the club he started his career with. Scott has previously played for Ross County and Hibernian.
Welsh Government refused to underwrite £350m private funding for the Welsh circuit. Developers say they have a new deal which could proceed within eight weeks. Heads of the Valleys Development Company has said up to 6,000 jobs could be created.
Proposed cuts would see 195 job losses, 47 of those posts are already vacant. Plans could also see closure of Woodside Lodge care home and cuts to services for those with learning disabilities. Report highlights likely gap that will be faced for 2015-16 estimated at Â£30m.
Jonny Court opened the scoring for the hosts after 19 minutes. Alistair Roy's shot secured the victory with three minutes left. Mark Nicolson was off target with a shot and Kyle MacLeod headed over.
James is Town's sixth signing of the summer so far. The 19-year-old was called up into the Wales senior squad for the first time earlier this month. Defender Adam El-Abd has left the club after his contract was terminated by mutual agreement.
Margaride Rufino, 38, and Anthony Roberts, 37, were found dead at an address in Idle. Their two-year-old daughter, who was not present at the property, is being cared for by family. Detectives are treating the incident as murder but are not
Hull left-back Robertson picked up a knock in 6-1 defeat to Bournemouth. Scotland face England in World Cup qualifying Group F on 11 November. Hull were 3-1 down at the Vitality Stadium when Robertson was injured.
Alice Gross, 14, was found in the River Brent in west London in September 2014. Her body was found a month later, days after the body of Arnis Zalkalns was found nearby. Latvian builder was convicted of murdering his wife in Latvia in 1998. In
A checkpoint manned by local police was attacked in the Mirzawalang area of Sar-e Pul province. Assailants entered the village and shot dead mainly Shia Muslim civilians including women and children. Seven members of the Afghan security forces has also been killed, as well as a number
Victim was taken to hospital from Crown Street, Acton, on Friday but died from injuries. A 16-year-old suspect was arrested and remains in custody in South London. Police believe they know the identity of the dead youth but it has yet to be confirmed.
Rolf Harris has gone from favourite son to outcast by a simple show of hands at a council meeting. His artworks will be taken down from its chambers and his status as a freeman has been rescinded. Speculation, too, that Harris could be stripped of his Order of Australia
PSA, which includes Peugeot, wants to buy General Motors' loss-making European arm. Includes Vauxhall plants at Luton and Ellesmere Port, which employs 4,500 workers. Carlos Tavares, boss of PSA Group, is also set to hold
The Scottish Salmon Company reported losses of Â£1.4m in the quarter before interest and tax. This was despite a 39% increase year-on-year in revenue as a result of increased harvested volumes. The Oslo-listed company reported volumes rose from 5,130 tonnes to
Invest Northern Ireland signed a PFI contract for its new Belfast HQ in 2005. After the property crash, it became a very bad deal. Invest NI's rent in 2012 was at least double the market rate and set a record for Belfast which still stands.
Sweetgrass compounds drive mosquitoes away from fake blood samples. US researchers say folk remedies are rich source of possible new repellents. Coumarin and phytol were the stand-outs. Further tests are needed to see how long the effects last.
Lisanne Beck, 47, allegedly performed a sex act on Simon Murphy, 48, during a Paloma Faith set. Old Bailey heard the couple were filmed conducting the alleged behaviour. Jury failed to reach a verdict and the pair, from Swansea, denied outraging public decency.
Apple Corps was the first computer company set up by The Beatles in 1968. The dispute dates back to 1980, when George Harrison noticed an advert for a computer company. Deal was struck in 1981 allowing Apple to use the name as long as it stuck to computers. With the advent of iTunes
120 homes in Wisbech told to boil their water "until further notice" Anglian Water said tests were carried out following repairs to a burst main. Results showed "naturally occurring organisms that should not be there"
Consumer virtual reality headsets are about to be released. Oculus Rift and the HTC Vive are both released in the next few weeks. Sony unveiled its launch date and price for its VR headset at the Games Developer Conference. Artificial intelligence community is discussing what triumph of machine over man means.
England declare on 173-1 and set Pakistan a target of 565 to win. Alastair Cook (76) and Joe Root (71) add 75 runs in nine overs in morning after resuming on 98-1. Ben Stokes will have scan on Tuesday after injuring his calf
The group was set up to help Japanese people new to Northern Ireland to integrate. Many members joined because they had lived in Japan for a time. There was plenty of culture on show at the meeting, including a performance by a group of Japanese taiko drummers from Londonderry.
PM says plan must be 'tested out properly' to ensure it is not a 'delaying tactic' or a 'ruse' Wording of a joint US, French and UK resolution on Syria's chemical weapons unlikely to be agreed on Tuesday, Whitehall sources have told the BBC.
Lord Ashcroft spent 18 days in intensive care after falling ill last month. Spokeswoman says he is now recovering in the US and is "out of danger" Book contains a series of allegations about the prime minister's student days. It includes claims of drug-taking and a club initiation
The Taliban has already captured a few of the 14 districts of Helmand, which borders Pakistan. Reports say that the Afghan security forces pulled out overnight from the district headquarters and the main bazaar. The Taliban insurgents had been trying to capture the Sangin headquarters for two years.
Chelmsford Prison told residents there had been 'numerous incidents' Former inmate said jail was 'notorious' for being 'flooded' with mobile phones and cannabis. Ministry of Justice said staff worked 'extremely hard' to stop contraband getting into prisons.
62 women were ordained in 1997, with their names set to feature on a new logo. Canon Enid Morgan was among the first ordained, along with Canon Joanna Penberthy. The services will take place at 11:00 GMT on 7 January.
Scottish government contribution to the project has been estimated at about £32.5m. Council is being asked to approve the final outline design of the scheme in April. Report to the local authority described publication as "the most important stage"
Alliance Party's ruling council due to meet on Thursday to decide if it will join the executive. The majority of the posts in the executive will be filled by DUP and Sinn FÃ©in. Ulster Unionists have already said they will enter opposition.
Four people were on board Irish Coastguard Rescue 116 helicopter when it crashed on Tuesday. Chief pilot Mark Duffy and winchmen Paul Ormsby and Ciarán Smith have been found dead. The funeral for pilot Captain Dara Fitzpatrick was held on Saturday in Glencullen, County
Mountain range is thought to have inspired floating mountains of Pandora in Avatar film. It is located in Hunan province, China.
Lee Spencer, Nigel Rogoff, Paddy Gallagher and Cayle Royce finished fifth. The Talisker Challenge - described as "the world's toughest row" - got off to a difficult start. Severe sea sickness hit the team, who set off from the Canary Islands on 20 December.
Tidal energy specialist Nova Innovation said this is the first offshore tidal array in the world to deliver electricity to the grid. UK Carbon Trust estimates a Â£126bn global tidal energy market could be developed by 2050. WWF Scotland said the turbines were another "major milestone" on Scotland
Brandon Comley signed a two-year deal at Loftus Road in May. The 20-year-old has played twice for the R's first-team. Comley will return to parent club Carlisle on 20 February.
Andreas Richter and Piotr Koper say they have "irrefutable evidence" the train exists. Officials have cast doubt on the claims in recent days. The pair want a 10% finders' fee and have vowed to set up a museum at the site.
Darby, 28, made 194 league appearances for the Bantams. New deals have been offered to Rouven Sattelmaier, Matthew Kilgallon, Rory McArdle, Tony McMahon and James Meredith.
Balshaw is the new director of the Tate, replacing Sir Nicholas Serota. Sir Nicholas built his Tate empire with bricks and mortar, refurbishing existing galleries and creating new venues. She will take a different approach with her expansionist agenda, focussing on people rather than real estate
Six documents taken from an old account belonging to CIA director John Brennan. The CIA said there was "no indication" that anything classified was released. But the documents do include a draft security clearance application containing personal information. They appear to all date to 2009, when Mr Brennan was seeking security
RoboCup has been running since 1997, and each year sees ever more sophisticated robots taking part. It has grown from 38 teams from 11 countries to over 500 teams taking part from more than 45 countries. The ultimate aim is for a team of robots to take on and beat their human
Woman raped after accepting a lift from three men in a truck in Manali, police say. No arrests have been made but police have set up roadblocks and are searching for suspects. Scrutiny of sexual violence in India has grown since the rape and murder of a student on a
American Wambach was arrested on Saturday for drink-driving. Court documents connected to her arrest said "the defendant tried cocaine at age 25" Mini USA withdraws adverts for the car featuring the 35-year-old. Wambach helped USA to World Cup glory in Brazil
Tinkoff rider Alberto Contador won the first stage of the Tour de France. He finished the 4km time trial ascent of Mont Chery in 11mins 36secs. Australia's Richie Porte finished second, with Chris Froome third.
Think tank says teachers' pay has declined in real terms. Report also shows students in public higher education institutions in England pay the highest tuition fees. High fees are accompanied by the highest levels of student support.
Families say the men were "massacred" in the shootings at Batang Kali in 1948. British forces at the time of the killings said they were insurgents. The men were Chinese migrant workers suspected by the British of helping rebels. One of the justices, Lord Kerr,
Norway international Nordtveit has signed a five-year deal with the Hammers. The 25-year-old left Arsenal to join the Bundesliga team in December 2010. Nordtvei made his Norway debut in 2011 and has 28 international caps.
Promoters PCL said the show had been cancelled due to adverse weather conditions. Green Day said the stage was deemed "unsafe for the fans and everyone involved" The band said they were "very distraught" and promised to return to Glasgow. Fans expressed their anger at the last-
School Admissions Code requires places to be offered in a fair and open way. But Elizabeth Passmore's final report says arrangements are often too often "unnecessarily complex" Schools which are their own admissions authorities, like academies or faith schools, are more likely to be at fault
Tottenham beat Swansea 2-1 in their Premier League clash at White Hart Lane. Alberto Paloschi gave the visitors the lead before Nacer Chadli equalised. Danny Rose then scored the winner after Swansea failed to clear a corner. Swansea manager Francesco Guidolin's
Celtic manager Ronny Deila will leave the club at the end of the season. The Hoops are nine points clear at the top of the Scottish Premiership with four games to play. Fans protested against Deila after Sunday's 1-1 draw against Ross County. Celt
The 23-year-old joined Real Madrid at the age of 14. He was part of their Champions League-winning squads in 2014 and 2016. Jese will link up with former Sevilla boss Unai Emery at PSG.
90 MLAs are set to get a pay rise of £500 a year, bringing salaries to £49,500. That's despite the Assembly not actually having sat for a full day of business since long before the March election. The rise will kick in on April Fool's Day and will
Russian President Vladimir Putin ordered snap drill in southern Rostov region. Pro-Russian rebels also held military drills in eastern Ukraine last week. Russia's air force contingent in Syria carries out heavy bombing to push rebels away from Aleppo.
Roy Guest was sacked by West Midlands Ambulance Service in 2013. He posted comments hoping Julie Bailey suffered "a life-threatening illness" The Health and Care Professions Council suspended him for a year. Mr Guest has now been permanently removed from the register.
Activists say the vessel was carrying humanitarian aid, including medicine and solar panels. Israel says it acted in international waters to prevent the "intended breach of the maritime blockade" There was no violence as the navy searched the boat, Israel says. The flotilla is the latest in
Ruth Davidson said minimum wage earners would pay no income tax under Tory government. Scottish Liberal Democrat leader Willie Rennie said Tories were 'talking up' SNP's prospects. Nicola Sturgeon attacked both the Tories and Labour as she continued election campaigning.
Mesothelioma can take decades to develop, but when symptoms emerge it progresses rapidly. Most die within three years of being diagnosed. Around 2,000 people are diagnosed each year, and the numbers are set to increase over the next 30 years.
Tammy Abraham's 22nd goal of the season had earlier put Bristol City in front. Sam Gallagher's powerful header back across goal ensured Rovers remain in the relegation zone. Blackburn face Wolves, Aston Villa and Brentford in their final three matches. Bristol City remain four
Barnett was released as a youngster by West Bromwich Albion. The 31-year-old scored just twice in 36 appearances in the Dons' maiden League One campaign last season. He now drops down to League Two, where he helped Shrewsbury to promotion in 2014-15
Rebel leader Riek Machar says he will return to South Sudan. Rebel faction could still negotiate a peace deal with President Salva Kiir, he tells BBC. Machar denies claims that he is a warmonger, saying his troops were defending themselves.
Shares in RBS fell by 4.4%, Barclays by 2.8% and Standard Chartered 2.7%. Deutsche Bank faces a $14bn penalty to settle an investigation by US regulators. Among the main risers in London were TUI, up nearly 4%, Sh
Dorset Police said officers restrained the man, who was acting erratically in Poole. The man suffered a medical episode while with the officers, who performed CPR. He was taken to Poole Hospital but his condition deteriorated and he died on Wednesday. Police have referred the death to the
Evolutionary scientist says Wales is "ahead of the rest of the UK" in showing decline in religious belief. Census found 32% in Wales have no religion, against a UK figure of 25%. Church in Wales said Christianity was "no longer the default setting" for many.
Raymond Aubrac and his late wife Lucie became important members of Jean Moulin's underground Resistance movement in 1942. Aubrac was arrested in June 1943 with Moulin, who died after torture. He escaped when a group of fighters including his wife attacked a lorry moving him and other
Homosexual acts are punishable by up to 14 years in jail in Nigeria. Gay marriage and displays of same-sex affection are also banned. Arrests are infrequent as homosexual people live in hiding.
Willie Isa, George Williams, Dom Manfredi and Ben Flower scored tries for Wigan. Oliver Gildart and Dan Sarginson went over late on to wrap up the win. Leeds have now lost five successive games in all competitions.
Karl Robinson replaced as MK Dons manager on Sunday. Robinson had been in charge for more than half of the club's entire existence. Chairman Pete Winkelman replaced him after dismal Championship season. Dons finished 19th in League One, their lowest position since moving to Stadium
All 32 local authorities have agreed to support a "coordinated response" to the crisis. Scottish government has pledged to accept at least 2,000 of the 20,000 refugees. At least 18 local authorities could see the first groups of people arriving before Christmas. The UNHCR estimates that 520
Ryan Christie gave Aberdeen the lead with a header after just four minutes. Ribeiro Santana equalised for Apollon but Esteban Sachetti was sent off before Shinnie's winner. The Cypriot side's Sofronis Avgousti was sent to the stand before
Winnipeg Police Service say some of the "conversation was inappropriate" Pilots were unaware that the loudspeaker was on due to the noise from the helicopter's engine. Those listening say they heard pilots swearing and discussing oral sex.
Giovanni Dixon, 17, stabbed James Hunter, 18, in the heart after he tried to protect his friend. Old Bailey heard Dixon and his friends had set upon Ezekiel Andrews with knives last May. Dixon was found guilty of murder and wounding and was sentenced to a minimum of 16
The Briton, 30, won 6-2 4-6 6-1 7-5 after two hours and 39 minutes on Centre Court. Fognini had five set points to force a fifth set but Murray won five games in a row. Murray will play Frenchman Benoit Paire
Suspect has been charged with attempted murder, triggering explosions and causing serious physical injury. He has been identified only as Sergej W, and was staying in the team's hotel overlooking the scene of the attack. Two people needed medical help after three bombs exploded near the Borussia Dortmund bus.
Rashan Charles, 20, was wrestled to the ground in Dalston, east London, on 22 July. He became ill after trying to swallow an object and died soon after in hospital. On Friday, clashes broke out in Hackney as protesters blocked part of Kingsland Road.
Pennock placed in charge until the end of 2016-17 following Edinburgh's departure. Ex-Forest Green manager guided Gillingham to 20th in League One. Pennock returns to "oversee recruitment and all footballing policy" after two spells in charge.
Police in Madhya Pradesh state say it is 'difficult to prove' sedition charges against men. They have been charged with 'disturbing communal harmony' instead. The men were arrested after their Hindu neighbours complained they had burst firecrackers. Amnesty International has called for
Moshe Yaalon said IS had "enjoyed Turkish money for oil for a very, very long period of time" Turkey denies allowing IS smuggling and the US recently rejected Russian claims. Efforts by Israel and Turkey to repair damaged ties hit a setback this month.
The multi-billion dollar pipeline is nearly 1,200 miles long. It runs close to the Standing Rock Sioux Indian reservation. The Sioux have been protesting since April against the pipeline. They fear it will contaminate drinking water and run over sacred burial sites.
Oberon was one of three animals mauled by a dog in their field in the New Forest. Owner Susan Sears said she was "devastated" Oberon's wounds had not healed. Despite further surgery, he was found to be "beyond recovery"
Adrian Ismay, 52, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast on 4 March. A dissident republican group, widely referred to as the new IRA, said it carried out the attack. Sue McAllister, director general of the Northern Ireland
Witness Shaun Wheeldon said he saw Craig Grant being held on the pavement. He said he was "shocked" to see Mr Grant's face was light grey. Witness said he stopped to speak to a bouncer who said Mr Grant had been in a club. Kiel Hauley
Wenger says Southgate is a good observer of what's going on in the England team. Southgate has a World Cup qualifier against Scotland at Wembley on November 11. Arsenal boss says defender Hector Bellerin will be offered a new contract by the club. Midfielder Aaron Ramsey
Aberdeen winger sent off for challenge on Mikael Lustig in 1-1 draw at Pittodrie. Hayes will now serve a two-match suspension. Irishman was free to play in Tuesday's 1-0 win over Hamilton.
LFB has since apologised after its joke about the fire was met with a mixed response. It said: "Sorry if we caused any offence by using the term hipsters" An investigation into the cause of the blaze in Shoreditch is due to begin.
Steven Souley and Zico Malavin admitted attacking Robert Eadie, 25, in Glasgow. Victim required surgery to his groin and penis after being hit with an axe and knife. Souley was previously jailed for seven years for killing a man in 2010. He was deemed
GCFC's ground at Meadow Park was completely submerged by the 2007 floods. The new ground will be a completely new build, within the boundaries of the old stadium, and will include flood defences. Plans will be submitted to Gloucester County Council next week.
Far-right group posted a video on YouTube showing members in the Al-Manar Islamic Centre in Cathays on 20 August. Visit followed claims made in national newspapers in July that Shaykh Ali Hammuda, an Imam at the mosque, was a "radical" preacher. In the video, Britain
3D renderings are assembled from photos of the objects, sourced from tourists who visited them before the destruction. So far the project has received more than 700 photos and produced 15 3D images.
Public Health Wales says alcohol is responsible for 29 deaths a week in Wales. A higher proportion of children aged 11 to 16 are drinking alcohol than in England or Scotland. Report says progress is being made with heavy drinking falling among adults under 45.
Rooswijk sank on Goodwin Sands in January 1740, killing all 300 shipmen. It is only now, after more than 250 years, that the sands have shifted enough to unveil the wreckage. The wreck is high on the Heritage at Risk register due to its exposed remains and vulnerability
The Hammers are moving to the Olympic Stadium in Stratford from E13 to E20 at the end of the season. Food outlets, pubs and street traders face an uncertain future when the Hammers move. Mayor of Newham believes the move will not necessarily damage the economy in Upton Park
Shrien Dewani, 34, is accused of ordering the murder of his new wife, 28-year-old Anni. She was shot in Cape Town in November 2010 and he denies murder. He has been fighting against extradition for three years but lost his latest appeal. Mr Dewani
London School of Economics researchers found inequalities in access to good care. NHS England said it was committed to ensuring terminally-ill patients got the support they needed. Report found certain groups of patients more likely to miss out. Most palliative care goes to cancer patients, even though
Kagiso Rabada becomes youngest South Africa bowler to take 10 wickets in a Test match. England lose their last seven wickets for 43 runs in 10.5 overs in Centurion. James Taylor's 24 was the highest score for England, who won the series 2-1
Scientists have traced the Great Red Spot using the Very Large Array telescope in New Mexico. Observations go tens of kilometres into the atmosphere of the gas giant. Ammonia is used as a tracer for the dynamical flow in the planet's gases. Plumes of ammonia rise
Education minister Esteban Bullrich's plan would increase penalties for attacks on teachers. Violence against a teacher would become an aggravated offence with increased penalties. Law would apply to parents and students and would include verbal abuse or threats. Argentina's education system has performed poorly in international
Golfer says he may have been drugged before he was taken from the bar. He was helped back to his hotel by a retired military man. Local television said the incident was being investigated as second-degree robbery. Allenby is ranked 271 in the world and has won four titles
Aberdeen face Hibs in Scottish Cup semi-final at Hampden Park on Saturday. Dons have won just two of their past 11 visits to the national stadium. Championship winners Hibs will be making their ninth Hampden visit in five years. Alan Stubbs believes
Mr Bahri, also known as Abu Jandal, was also a driver for the late al-Qaeda leader. He was freed from Guantanamo Bay jail and returned to Yemen in 2008. In a 2010 interview Mr Bahri warned that young people in his native Yemen were susceptible to the lure of extremism.
Calbuco is one of the most active volcanoes in Chile, having erupted in 1961 and 1972. The latest eruption was less powerful, but sent a large plume of dark grey smoke and ash rising from the crater. Last week's eruptions caused the cancellation of flights to and within
Thom Tillis avoided a runoff election by earning 46% of the vote in the eight-person race. Republicans aim to wrestle Senate control from the Democrats in November. Tillis defeated Mark Harris and Greg Brannon, who were seen as insurgent candidates.
Four tickets purchased by former principal Norman Cave. College also held a Â£170,000 centenary event and paid consultants Â£2.8m over three years. Whistleblower said previous management was 'chaotic' and funds spent 'where they shouldn't have been
North Wales Chief Constable Mark Polin says police will 'bear the brunt' of cuts. Home Office has said no decisions have been taken beyond this year. Dyfed-Powys Commissioner Christopher Salmon has urged ministers to take rural needs into account.
Former Chechen PM Ramzan Kadyrov is a high-profile critic of Russian President Vladimir Putin. He has called Mr Putin's critics "enemies" and "traitors" in a series of posts on Instagram. Opposition politicians have described the posting as a murder threat.
David Clarke and Blair Riley put the Giants in front after the first period. Matt Towe, James Desmarais and Steve Saviano on the powerplay for the hosts. Stevie Lee pulled one back for the visitors in the final period.
Novaya Gazeta says 100 people detained in Chechnya on suspicion of being gay. Chechen Muslim clerics meet two days after paper's revelations and vow retribution. "Retribution will catch up with the true instigators, wherever and whoever they are," resolution says. Homophobia is
The actor is due to star in a fifth Indiana Jones film, which will be released in 2019. Ford first appeared as Indiana Jones in Raiders of the Lost Ark in 1981. He has starred in three subsequent films, most recently in 2008's Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull.
Anderson took wicket of Mitchell Marsh in first ball of seventh over at Edgbaston. He went on to take his new record to 237 with two more wickets. Lancashire seamer is 25th in the all-time world list but has only played 170 internationals.
54 Lloyds branches will be affected, alongside 24 Bank of Scotland and 22 Halifax branches. There will also be a net reduction of 325 staff, who were told about the plan on Wednesday. Lloyds said the closures were the result of fewer branch transactions.
GlaxoSmithKline will acquire two operations specialising in late stage treatments. It is the latest acquisition in a record year for pharmaceuticals. Global deals have reached $677.5bn, according to Dealogic, up 64% on 2014.
The poster was bought by a Welshman living in England at auctioneers in Colwyn Bay. Its guide price had been £200-£300. The poster features soldiers beside a cannon with the caption: "Independence calls for its bravest man"
FA Cup qualifying begins on Friday with 368 teams in extra preliminary round. West Auckland Town claim to be the first World Cup winners, beating Juventus 6-1 in 1909. Nelson were the first English side to beat Real Madrid in Spain in 1923. The son of former England winger Chris
Justice minister Shatter came to power with the Fine Gael/Labour coalition in February 2011. He was put in charge of two government departments - justice and defence. As the Republic of Ireland introduced painful austerity measures, the new justice minister set out on a wide-ranging reform agenda. But
Gaby Olumide joined the club on a one-year deal last summer. The 30-year-old made 25 appearances in all competitions for the club. Cobblers boss Justin Edinburgh said the club were unable to "get comfortable" with his commitments.
Fit4Less said it wanted to create a "light-hearted and humorous" advert. Combat Bullying said it would "further harm" those who are being bullied.
Around 85% of breast cancers that spread around the body end up in bone. Tumours were effectively "fertilising" the bone to help themselves grow. Scientists discovered patients with secondary cancers had higher levels of an enzyme called LOX being produced by their tumours and released into
John Obi Mikel has been charged by the FA with misconduct. Chelsea had claimed Clattenburg directed racial language at Mikel in their defeat by Manchester United. Mikel has until Friday, 30 November to respond to the charge. Clattenburg missed four Premier League matches while the FA
Valencia come from 7-0 down to draw 1-1 at home to Barcelona. Valencia coach Neville is winless in nine league games since taking charge in December. Barca are unbeaten in 29 games, a Spanish record, and will face Sevilla or Celta Vigo
Journey to the West is the story of a Buddhist monk and his three disciples. Western audiences know the legend through the kitschy 1970s series Monkey, which put Sun Wukong front and centre. Netflix has teamed up with broadcast companies in Australia and New Zealand to bring back Monkey.
The cels were brought along to a valuation day in Leicestershire. One image depicts the moment the Wicked Queen hands Snow White the poisoned apple. Auctioneer Charles Hanson said that one alone sold for £10,500. The other, depicting Snow White with animals, was
Daniel Damon is wanted for failing to answer bail for traffic and drug matters. He told police he would turn himself in after getting things "organised" "Can you use a better photo tho. This is a horrible mugshot," said Damon, 25, in response to the warrant.
Klitschko is reportedly reluctant to fight without at least one of the WBA or WBO titles on the line. The WBA and WBO will need to sanction the bout for their respective belts to be made available. Britain's Tyson Fury beat Klitschko last November to win
Sylvia Blackburn, 72, suffered serious head injuries outside Bedford Road Lower School. Brian Wright, 55, of Kempston, said he was unable to see at the point of impact. He denies causing serious injury by dangerous driving at Luton Crown Court.
Qatar has promised to improve the rights of migrants in the Gulf state. Amnesty says progress to end exploitation has been minimal. More than 180 migrant workers died in Qatar last year. Qatar is spending more than $200bn (Â£121bn) on a series of infrastructure
Scottish Canals team used Google Street View's Trekker camera backpack. Camera is designed to allow easier access to narrow footpaths and bridges. The 4ft-high backpack, which weighs 40lbs, takes 360 pictures every 2.5 seconds.
Superfish was designed to help users find products by visually analysing images on the web to find the cheapest ones. Such adware is regarded in the industry as a form of malware because of the way it interacts with a person's laptop or PC. Users began complaining about Superfish in Lenovo's
Ed Sheeran wins song of the year for Thinking Out Loud. Taylor Swift wins best pop vocal album and best music video. Kendrick Lamar wins five awards, including best rap album.
The annual figure is based on an early estimated that growth was around 0.5% in the fourth quarter. The actual fourth quarter figure will not be released until early next month. Germany's exports were up by 2.4%, but that was outstripped by import growth of 3.
Police were called to Honeywell Drive, in Steppes, just after 21:00 on Sunday. The man is said to be in a stable condition in hospital.
Four suspects are now in police custody after a crime spree in Milan's Quarto Oggiaro district. They stole cash, smartphones, tablets and even a youth's shoes worth $601, police say. One victim was pistol-whipped and needed 10 stitches for a deep wound.
Plane was flying over Amanos Mountains in southern province of Osmaniye when it lost radio contact. Pilot reportedly sent a message saying "I'm jumping" before contact was lost. The Turkish military said it had lost touch with the aircraft at 14:15 local time (11
Opposition leader says he will take case to the Supreme Court. Mr Odinga lost to incumbent President Uhuru Kenyatta in last week's election. He has accused the electoral authorities of fraud tantamount to "democracy's slaughter" But foreign observers describe the election as free and
Natasha Harding headed Wales in front five minutes after the break. Substitute Ward then scored twice in two minutes before sliding in for her third. Victory sees Wales leapfrog Kazakhstan and Israel into third place in Group 8.
Playboy's circulation has fallen from 5.6 million in the 1970s to the current 800,000. The company's management team says the internet means that pornographic magazines are no longer commercially viable. Many of you think it is a most welcome move and might even help encourage a more respectful portrayal
Sturm won a split decision after a superb fight with two judges favouring Sturm by 116-112 and the other seeing it 115-113 for Macklin. Macklin made a blazing start which gave him genuine hope of an upset before fading late on. Kell Brook kept his
Jayalalitha was one of India's most popular and high-profile actresses. She was elected as chief minister of Tamil Nadu four times, overcoming convictions and jail terms. Critics say she encouraged a personality cult and fostered corruption in the state.
Since 2010, Lancashire has axed about 700 officers and 275 members of staff. The force could become a 'blue light' service, responding to emergencies only. Details of the cuts will be revealed after the government's Spending Review.
Researchers discover 49 cases of a globally threatened species becoming established as a self-sustaining population outside of its natural range. The yellow crested cockatoo is a critically endangered species which is primarily threatened by wildlife trade. Hong Kong government has made it illegal to capture the species, even
Mohammed al-Barghathi said he had decided to step down in the wake of the recent sieges by armed groups. He was subsequently told by Prime Minister Ali Zeidan not to present his resignation at a cabinet meeting. The gunmen had demanded parliament pass the Political Isolation Law
Maduro says he will turn a wing of the presidential palace into a monument to Mr Chavez's "Bolivarian revolution" Henrique Capriles says acting president lacks charisma and leadership. Mr Maduro has cast himself as the natural successor to the late president.
EastEnders is celebrating its 30th anniversary this week. Here are some tips on how to throw the perfect bash.
Gnanduillet has made 98 appearances for Chesterfield since January 2013. The 23-year-old has played nine league games for the Spireites this season. He has previously had loan spells at Tranmere and Oxford.
Leicester City are close to signing midfielder N'Golo Kante. The 24-year-old will be new manager Claudio Ranieri's first signing at the club. Kante made 37 appearances for Ligue 1 champions last season, scoring two goals.
Medical Research Council team showed severely damaged organs in mice could be restored to near-normal function. Findings could eventually help people stuck on a waiting list for a transplant.
Digital Economy Bill would allow Ofcom to fine mobile networks up to £20,000 a day if they fail to hit agreed service goals. Separate age-verification regulator would be able to fine pornographers £250,000 for failing to check visitors' ages. Bill does not specify
The 71-year-old was crushed under the vehicle as she crossed Princes Street. She was crossing the road opposite the Waverley Steps and beside the Balmoral Hotel. The crash happened at about 12:15 and the road was closed for two hours.
Enric Marco was president of Spain's main association of Nazi victims, the Amical de Mauthausen. Benito Bermejo became interested in Marco after meeting him at a conference in 2002. Marco claimed to have been imprisoned in Flossenbuerg, a camp in Bav
Thanet District Council was court ordered to lift a ban on live animal exports. Council paid more than £5m in compensation to traders but has not submitted an insurance claim to retrieve any money. Campaigners said taxpayers had been left to foot the bill.
Dale Carrick and Nicky Cadden score in Livi's 2-0 win over Alloa Athletic. Brechin City move to within a point of second place after beating Stranraer. Queen's Park drew 2-2 away to Alloa. East Fife beat
Edward Hardy played for decades but had not touched keyboard for nearly 25 years. Staff at the home said when he started playing again he could play 'amazing tracks to a ridiculous standard'
Genome sequence from a thigh bone found in Siberia shows the first episode of mixing occurred between 50,000 and 60,000 years ago. The study supports the finding that our species emerged from Africa some. years ago, before spreading around the world. Analysis raises the possibility that the human
Opposition invited to joint talks with government to discuss framework for national dialogue conference. Organiser Louai Hussein calls for end to government's brutal crackdown on protesters. State news agency says amendments to the constitution will be on the agenda. Human rights groups say more than 1,300 civilians have
Spanish police said eight Leicester fans were arrested for "causing a mess" Footage posted online showed a group of officers being targeted with missiles. Fans were chanting "Gibraltar is ours" in the Plaza Major, where Leicester's fans were told they could congregate.
Steve Davies told AMs officials were 'concerned' about the volume of early entry. Follows criticism from Kirsty Williams that children are being 'banked' at lower qualifications. Education Secretary said focus on raising GCSE attainment to C grade has led to 'unintended consequences'
Judge enters not guilty pleas on behalf of Morgan Geyser and Anissa Weier. They are charged with attempted murder over the attack on a 12-year-old girl in May 2014. Investigators say the two girls had been plotting for months to kill their victim in "dedication"
Nigeria's military said the young woman is undergoing medical checks. A total of 276 schoolgirls were kidnapped by Boko Haram from the town of Chibok in April 2014. About 200 of them are still in captivity. More than 20 were released in October in a deal brokered by
The 36-year-old was taken to a London hospital in a critical condition. He died in hospital shortly after 07:00 GMT and his next of kin have been informed. Police are treating the death as "unexplained" and enquiries are ongoing.
Toshiba said the bankruptcy would not affect Westinghouse's UK operation, which employs more than 1,000 workers. But the firm warned that the writedown of its US nuclear business could see Toshiba's total losses last year exceed 1 trillion yen ($9.1bn; £
Maurice White, bandleader of Earth Wind & Fire, has died at the age of 74. Blended jazz, Latin and soul with an infectious rhythmic pulse, sold more than 90 million albums. Songs like September, Fantasy and After The Love Has Gone remain gold-pl
The hypnotherapist made a solid impression in the first week of the competition. She told her team of female contestants that they had to wear make-up and short skirts to help them stand out. Daniel Lassman created questions for his team's board game that included: "Men think women
Nathan, 23, said he was worried being bisexual would be a problem with his male housemates. "I didn't have any queries with the girls because I thought they'd be more accepting," he said. Figure skating champion Chloe, 19, admits she "hooked up" in the house
Trams ran in Birmingham between 1904 and 1953 before being replaced by buses. In December, they returned to the streets with the opening of the Midland Metro service. Trams from Wolverhampton will continue in to Birmingham, terminating at New Street station.
Red Bull team principal Christian Horner says his team's title hopes are a "long shot" Mercedes' reliability problems give Red Bull a chance, says Horner. Reigning champion Sebastian Vettel is mathematically out of the championship race. Vettel finished second to Lewis Hamilton in Singapore
9,000 people were killed and 8 million affected by the earthquake. Schools were closed and people were left homeless. Aid organisations like World Vision are helping people get their lives back on track.
Feruz was due to go on trial for allegedly driving an Â£80,000 Porsche while banned. He has also been accused of attempting to pervert the course of justice and driving without insurance. The Somalia-born player joined Celtic as a 10-year-old and has had
Otto Warmbier is in a state of unresponsive wakefulness, says Dr Daniel Kanter. He has "extensive loss of brain tissue" likely caused by cardiopulmonary arrest, he says. Scans show no sign that he was physically abused during his detention, doctors
St Kitts stuttered to a draw with a second innings of 76-7. England had declared on 379-6 at tea. The first Test against West Indies starts in Antigua on 13 April.
Evans takes another step towards a possible world title shot. The judges scored the contest 97-91, 99-89, 96-93 in favour of the Welshman. Evans stated before the fight he wants a shot at WBO lightweight champion Terry Flanagan.
Six members of Cymdeithas yr Iaith Gymraeg blocked entrance to building at Llandudno Junction. North Wales Police were called to the protest, which ended at midday. Welsh government said it was taking action to promote the language.
HMRC said 43 players, eight agents and 12 football clubs are under investigation. Officials told MPs that HMRC had seven criminal investigations under way and had made arrests. Some footballers and entertainers have income from image rights paid into offshore accounts without tax deducted.
Gurney has signed a new three-year contract with Nottinghamshire. The 30-year-old joined the club from East Midlands rivals Leicestershire in 2011. He has since taken 306 wickets for the Trent Bridge club in all formats.
Mebyon Kernow lost deposits in all six seats at the last general election. A party spokesperson said the timing made it "impractical" to put together and finance "a meaningful campaign"
Neighbours entered the burning property in an attempt to rescue two cats. The women inhaled smoke and were taken to hospital with breathing difficulties. Police believe the fire had been started deliberately through the cat flap in the front door. Officers are appealing for witnesses or anyone with CCTV to get
The 29-year-old died from a cardiac arrest triggered by hereditary heart disease. He collapsed on the pitch during a match at London Skolars on 3 May and efforts to resuscitate him failed. His widow, Lizzie, has asked people to wear rugby league shirts for the service
The Nuit Debout movement has organised nightly rallies since 31 March. Police cleared away a protest camp on a central Paris square on Monday morning. Socialist government is striving to push the unemployment rate below 10%. Many Socialist voters see current labour protections as key achievements.
The Labour MP was shot and stabbed after holding an advice session for her constituents in West Yorkshire. She had campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU and championed the contribution of immigrants to British society. The motive for the murder is still unclear but witnesses say the killer shouted "Put Britain first!"
Money is on top of £58m already allocated for 2014-15 to the housing sector. The extra cash for each county ranges from just over £700,000 in Cardiff to nearly £111,000 for Merthyr Tydfil.
Andre Andre gave Porto the lead after volleying in Yacine Brahimi's effort. Willian equalised on the stroke of half-time with a superb free-kick from the edge of the area. Maicon put the home side ahead again with a flicked header at
Palin, who turns 70 on Sunday, said it was "a very high honour" Bafta chairman John Willis said Palin had made "an incredible contribution to the medium over five decades" The Bafta TV awards will be hosted by Graham Norton.
Prince of Wales wrote to Labour in 2005 urging a cull of badgers in English countryside. Revelations come from private letters sent by the Prince of Wales to Labour ministers a decade ago. Other letters written by the prince reveal more details of his interest in agriculture. He appealed for support
Collision happened at about 12:35 GMT at Tamnamore, between junctions 13 and 14. The motorway has been closed in both directions, causing long traffic tailbacks. Police are urging anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them on the non-emergency number 101.
Carlsen beats Karjakin in four quickfire games to win the World Chess Championship. The prize of $1.1m (Â£879,000) is divided between the two players with the winner taking 60%. Chess reached the height of its popularity in the 1970
He quit facing disciplinary action for commissioning research suggesting the party would do better without Mr Clegg. Berwick candidate Julie Porksen said his donation was just one of many. She said she had received support from people from across the political spectrum.
Collision involved a silver Porsche and a grey Toyota Hilux on the B976 Birse to Finzean road. The 30-year-old driver of the Porsche was airlifted to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary.
Five-week-old baby otters are doing well but still need six feeds a day.
Auditor General Huw Vaughan Thomas said he was unable to satisfy himself on whether the decision to make the deal was lawful. He said the decision-making process was not transparent and expressed "doubt" over whether it met EU state aid rules. NRW disputed the findings and said it
Plans include renovating the hidden theatre, dating back to 1875, to use for plays, films, comedy and music. Material from the BBC archives will be shown in revamped TV studios, now derelict. More than 2,000 local residents were involved in a six-week consultation
St Johnstone boss had been linked with Rangers and Aberdeen in recent months. Chairman Steve Brown has spoken of his surprise that no other club has come in for Wright. Wright says he is happy at McDiarmid Park and is looking forward to Europa League.
Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton has "tremendous hate in her heart" Billionaire says if he wins, he will appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Mrs Clinton. Mrs Clinton says the explosive video of Mr Trump's lewd comments showed who he really is. The two sparred
James Maddison scored a stunning free-kick to earn Rangers a point. James Tavernier was penalised for a last-minute challenge on Jonny Hayes. Rangers boss Mark Warburton believes Tavernier made an "excellent tackle" Andy Halliday converted a penalty after Tavern
Routine monitoring by Argyll and Bute Council discovered raised levels of algal toxins in Loch Melfort and Seil Sound. Members of the public have been asked not to gather them. The toxins accumulate in molluscs such as mussels, oysters, cockles and razor cl
The 28-year-old was a regular for the managerless Latics last season. Jones was one of seven players to be let go by the League One club in May. He previously played for Tranmere, Bury, Sheffield Wednesday and Crawley.
Barton was banned for placing 1,260 bets on football matches between 2006 and 2016. The 34-year-old appealed against the length of the ban which he called "excessive" The ban now expires on 1 June 2018, instead of 25 October 2018. Barton rejoined
David West junior, 45, stabbed his father, of the same name, in December 2014. Judge acknowledged he had been bullied extensively by his father. But he said the evidence against West was "overwhelming" and his father had been vulnerable when he was killed.
Bai Yan, a 55-year-old police dog handler, has created a special home for service industry dogs. Video about the home has been viewed more than 14.7 million times on video platform Miaopai. Mr Bai has spent seven years and more than one million yuan ($
Hoa Titcombe's husband James said he told Furness General Hospital staff she was ill. Midwives Catherine McCullough and Gretta Dixon are accused of failing to have Mrs Titcombe assessed. But midwife Caroline Duncan told the Nursing and Midwifery Council there was "no evidence
Three sightings have been reported in recent days, in Laugharne, Carmarthenshire, north Pembrokeshire and Anglesey. Dr Peter Richardson, of the Marine Conservation Society, said Wales' waters were currently "turtle heaven"
Boeing 767 bound for Miami experienced an "uncontained engine failure" Pilot aborted the take-off and evacuated everyone on board via emergency chutes. Passengers reported an explosion followed by flames and black smoke.
Yanis Varoufakis has been accused of secretly planning a Greek exit from the euro. But Mr Tsipras said on Friday that he had ordered the plan, adding it would have been "irresponsible" not to do so.
TfL said it would save £50m annually as it tries to save £4.2bn by 2020. South Wimbledon and Queensway stations will be the first to see staff moved. Union said London Mayor Boris Johnson was 'rushing through' the closures.
David Gallacher, 37, of no fixed abode, has been charged with assault causing actual bodily harm, assault by beating and two counts of racially or religiously aggravated assault. He has been bailed to appear at Milton Keynes Magistrates' Court on 14 March. The 34-year-old
Jung won the Burghley and Kentucky titles and is hoping to seal the Rolex Grand Slam to earn the bonus. Great Britain's challenge faltered, with Emily King eliminated. She was second overnight but fell riding Brookleigh.
Everything Everything's third album, Get To Heaven, is mired in violence and destruction. Frontman Jonathan Higgs admits the writing of the album affected his mental health. The album offers no solutions, but Higgs wants it to be a call to arms.
Cardinal Tarcisio Bertone was secretary of state under Pope Benedict XVI. He was replaced by Pope Francis when he was elected in 2013. Cardinal Bertone has defended his use of a top-floor flat overlooking Saint Peter's Square. But apparently lavish lifestyles are at odds
Charlie Brown, Snoopy, Woodstock and Lucy star in first feature film in 35 years. Other familiar faces such as the Little Red-Haired Girl and Red Baron also back.
Judge Thomas Lipps also ruled the trial would be open to the public. He did so over the objections of the family of the 16-year-old girl who was allegedly attacked. She wanted to protect her identity and keep evidence from becoming public.
I am voting APC this time, though I voted People's Democractic Party (PDP) in the last presidential election. I have no sympathy for any political party. I simply want the best for my country. We have tried PDP and they have failed. Now is time
Essex head the Division One table by 41 points with five games to play. Only Notts, in 2005, have won the title following promotion the previous year. Essex have lifted the trophy six times in the days of a single-division Championship. Alastair Cook and Tom
Real politics will inevitably mean concession and compromise. Politicians on the Leave side have already admitted that some of their supporters will be 'disappointed' by the deal that emerges. Britain has a tough job on and it will be far harder in a climate of bitterness and division.
The snake was found in a van after it was dropped off at a yard on March 8. RSPCA Wales is appealing for information about where the snake may have come from. Most corn snakes sold in the UK are bred in captivity but have very complex needs.
John Sheridan only took over as Newport County manager on Friday. Newport lost 2-1 to Exeter at Rodney Parade. Joel Grant and John-Lewis scored the goals for the visitors.
Jordan Moore-Taylor gave Crewe the lead after just eight minutes. David Wheeler doubled the lead two minutes later. George Cooper hit the crossbar for Crewe with a long-range effort. Charlie Kirk was sent off for an awful tackle on Jake Taylor. Lloyd James
Wajda made more than 40 feature films in a career spanning 60 years. Many of his films were inspired by Poland's turbulent wartime and communist history. In 2000, Wajda was awarded an honorary Oscar for his contribution to world cinema. Unconfirmed reports say he died of lung failure
The Independent said it had removed all ads on the site while it investigated. Malware exploits a security hole in Adobe Flash Player to install itself on a victim's computer. The malware holds files on the host machine to ransom and demands a payment to restore them.
Ibarguen won gold with a fourth round jump of 15.17m. It is Colombia's second gold of the Games after weightlifter Oscar Figueroa. Yulimar Rochas of Venezuela took silver with 14.98m and defending champion Olga Ryp
Wooden weir was found by chance on the shore of Southampton Water in 2005. Radiocarbon dating has shown it was built in the 8th or 9th centuries. Experts from Exeter University said the results were "thrilling" and provided new insights into the process of
Konstantin Eggert: Russia's dreams of a US-Russian rapprochement shattered by U.S. missile attack on Syria. Moscow's credibility among the leading players in the region is dented now, Eggert says. Trump administration is prepared to act unilaterally in the
The 37-year-old was held at his home address under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000. He has been taken to a south London police station and is being questioned.
Tom Lucking, 23, found the gold pendant while metal detecting on farmland. The 7cm (2.8in) item was found in the grave of a female in the 7th century AD. It was declared treasure alongside other items at an inquest in Norwich. Norwich Castle
Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust was given the rating following an inspection. Chief Executive Heather Tierney Moore said she was "proud" of the progress made. The trust was set up in 2002 and has almost 7000 staff across 400 sites.
Arsenal host West Bromwich Albion in the FA Cup fourth round on Saturday. Gunners have lost three of their last four Premier League games. Tony Pulis' Baggies are yet to beat a top-seven team this season. Arsenal have a mixed record at The Hawthorns with only
Jonny May and Courtney Lawes score first-half tries for England. George Ford and Owen Farrell add two more tries in second period. England had failed to beat the Springboks in their previous 12 meetings over 10 years. Scrum-half Ben Youngs was man of the match
Comic said his dad was out of work after losing his job at the local crown court. He asked for help for his "proud legend" of a dad to "keep out of the house and his brain busy" His fans suggested working in security and driving lorries.
James Nicol, 85, believes he was exposed to asbestos while working on council houses. He was diagnosed with mesothelioma, an incurable lung cancer earlier this year. The local authority said it could not comment on Mr Nicol's case, adding that any claims would be handled by
Joe Anderson's plans include reducing call centre opening hours, reviewing libraries and increasing the number of foster carers. He also suggests opening car parks longer and introducing a premium service for bulky item collections to raise funds. The proposals will be discussed by the city council's cabinet on 24 February.
Spirit of Shankly (SOS) will hold an open meeting and online vote on Saturday. Liverpool say fans are in a "uniquely complex and difficult position" The club said it would listen to fans' views if legislation requiring all-seater stadiums were ever changed. 96 fans
Teenager attacked Gwen Louden in the court's foyer in January. The girl had been told to leave the court by PC Louden but returned and assaulted her. PC Louden attended Ninewells Hospital with swelling and pain to her forehead and severe swelling to her left cheekbone
Tommy Rowe scored in the last seconds of the first half to give Doncaster something to work with after the break. The visitors had done a superb job to stifle Doncaster's passing game with high-intensity pressing in midfield. Chris Porter rose unmarked but headed straight at Marko Marosi a
Johanna Konta beat China's Zhang Shuai 6-4 6-1 to reach Australian Open semi-finals. British number one will next play Germany's Angelique Kerber in Melbourne. Jamie Murray beat Spain's David Ferrer 6-3 6-7 (5-
Francois Bayrou offers alliance with Emmanuel Macron to prevent "failure of France" Mr Bayrou has run three times for president, winning more than 18% of the vote in 2007. Recent polls suggest support for Mr Macron, tipped by many to win the election, has dropped slightly.
The former Doctor Who actress studied drama at Eden Court in Inverness. She joins US stars Kevin Hart, Jack Black and Dwayne Johnson in the Jumanji cast. The casting follows her securing a bigger role in Guardians of the Galaxy.
17-year-old Toulson scored 330.70 in Kiev to finish ahead of Russian duo Anna Chuinyshena (326.90) and Iuliia Timoshinina (313.30) Toulson is expected to compete both individually and with Tonia Couch in the synchron
Edward Alexander Lee, 34, was sentenced to three years on probation at Belfast Crown Court. Judge Gordon Kerr QC said it was the best way of protecting society and helping Lee to change his ways. Lee, originally from Belfast, pleaded guilty to a total of 15 charges related to child pornography.
The basement of Powis Castle near Welshpool has been turned into a replica trench. Central will be the story of Percy, the fourth Earl of Powi's son, who died in the battle. Exhibition includes battlefield objects, old newsreel and food packaging.
Donald "Chip" Pugh texted police a photo of himself and wrote: "Here is a better photo that one is terrible". Police in Lima, Ohio, posted the photos to their Facebook page and asked for help in locating Mr Pugh. Police said he is a person of interest in
Inquiry for 'attempted terrorist murder' launched into attack in Charleroi. Man reportedly shouted "Allahu Akbar" during assault outside a police station. He died after being shot by officers. Islamic State group calls him one of its "soldiers"
UBS is suspected of "complicity in illegal sales practices", Paris prosecutor's office says. Allegedly set up a shadow accounting system that masked transfers between French and Swiss accounts. UBS said it was cooperating with authorities. Move follows action taken against bank's French unit last week
Shelter said the "rent trap" in the private sector leaves families unable to save towards buying a home. Mayor Boris Johnson said: "I think it's very important that we expand the supply available" The report comes after the mayor put out a series of proposals to "empower tenants
Councils are relying on agency workers to cover nearly 4,000 out of 5,500 otherwise empty posts. Social workers say they are under constant pressure because of media coverage. Department for Education investing £100m to recruit graduates and professionals. 26,500 full time equivalent posts filled by children
B&M reported like-for-like growth of 1.1% for the 13 weeks to 27 June. That was markedly lower than the 6% recorded in the same period last year. The company now has 450 outlets in the UK and plans to open a total of 80 this year.
GSK says it will adopt graduated approach linked to a country's wealth. It will still seek full patent protection in richer nations but will grant licences to generic firms. Company says the changes it is making should help people who cannot afford life saving medicine.
The child suffered hypoxia due to a delay in her delivery at Antrim Area Hospital. It resulted in a series of health issues including cerebral palsy and epilepsy. Parents sued the trust, claiming medical negligence. The figure of £5.3m covers damages and the costs of
Monkman and Seagull will present a new radio show on BBC Radio 4 on 21 August. The duo became friends during filming, despite being captains of rival teams. They will discuss whether being highly intelligent is actually a useful quality.
Watchdog's annual report says third of secondary schools in North and Midlands not good enough. Education Secretary Nicky Morgan says more must be done to tackle 'pockets of underperformance' Ofsted chief Sir Michael Wilshaw says more attention must be paid to the problem. Warns
David Cameron commissioned review into Tower Hamlets election fraud. Former PM says he is'very worried' about 500 postal votes arriving at polling station.
Phoenix, 37, was nominated for an Oscar for his role in Walk The Line in 2005. He said he was dreading the upcoming Hollywood awards season. The actor has been tipped for awards success The Master, in which he plays a war veteran.
Jamie Spendiff, 26, admitted killing Craig Logie, 36, on a night out in North Tyneside. The married father-of-two suffered a brain injury and fracture to the back of his head. He was remanded in custody ahead of sentencing in July.
Sunderland beat Everton 3-0 at the Stadium of Light on Wednesday night. Patrick van Aanholt, Lamine Kone and a brace from Kone secured Sunderland's survival. Everton are 12th in the table with one win from their past 10 league games.
Britain clocked a time of seven minutes 4.33 seconds to claim the nation's first ever men's relay gold at a World Championships. Individual world champion James Guy swam a superb final leg after Dan Wallace, Robbie Renwick and Calum Jarvis had put Britain in contention.
Shaun Ingram booked his Ford Focus ST in for a major service at Halfords Autocentre. On its return he discovered the dashboard camera recorded footage of his car being driven 57 mph in a 30 mph zone. Halfords said the mechanic was a temporary employee who had been let go.
The four drove a vehicle into the compound in Karakax county and set off explosives. One person died and three others were injured in the attack, state media said. The area, predominantly Muslim Uighur, has suffered years of unrest. Authorities blame the history of violence on Islamist
Barclays said it had seen slow progress with its non-core businesses, which it is selling. Losses for the package of businesses more than doubled to £337m. Bank provided £270m to settle claims in US over mortgage bonds and £290m to compensate clients over bad
Sandra Bullock voices the movie's villain, Scarlet Overkill. Three of the main stars - Bob, Kevin and Stuart - hit the yellow carpet.
Trump says he thinks Obama loyalists are behind protests against him at town hall meetings. The president also spoke about his budget plans and other issues in an interview with Fox News. He is due to give his first address to a joint session of Congress on Tuesday night. A senior White House
Almost 70% of Queen's 3,600 staff took part in the survey earlier this year. Only 29% of staff agreed senior leaders provided "effective leadership" One in five said the university managed change effectively. Two-thirds said they were proud to work at the university.
Dressed in a suit, he handed out currencies in exchange for sterling. He then emptied the safe into a bag before walking out of the store. Police are still searching for the man, described as Asian and of slim build. A 22-year-old woman has been arrested and bailed on
Research by the Centre for Mental Health and Howard League for Penal Reform. Majority of prisoners have multiple and complex needs, including poor mental health. But many do not get access to mental health support, according to the charities' report. Staff shortages, a 'toxic' working environment
Dan Biggar has agreed a new deal with the Ospreys. The 26-year-old fly-half's current deal was due to expire at the end of this season. Biggar is the first of Wales' 17 dually contracted players to re-sign on the deals.
BBC News revisited scenes from London's festive past to see how things have changed over 170 years. Some traditions have been going on since Victorian times, while others are relatively recent creations. App users should tap here to fully explore the interactive images, or on each individual picture to compare archive and modern-
Brandon Flowers is the frontman of stadium rock superheroes The Killers. The Desired Effect is Flowers' second solo album. Record veers towards the melodramatic pop of the late 80s, full of orchestra hits and Phil Collins drum sounds. Lead single Can't Deny My
Omar Al Shaikh was diagnosed with acute myeloid leukaemia after fainting during a football match. His mixed Arabic and Romanian heritage made it difficult to find a stem cell donor. By the time one was found, he was too ill to have the transplant. O
Richard Di Natale, head of the left-wing Australian Greens, argues reducing hours would boost productivity. He said workers would need to be guaranteed adequate income. An economist said he did not support the proposal, comparing it to France's 35-hour working week.
Spiros Gianniotis was initially given the win before being downgraded to silver. British swimmer Burnell was given third and then fifth place at the finish before being disqualified. The 23-year-old said officials in "about 600 boats" had "no idea what they are
Glamorgan were beaten in under two-and-a-half days against Worcestershire. Rudolph says discussions have been held with the senior players and head coach Robert Croft. South African believes his side can make an impression in Division Two of the County Championship.
Profits for the three months to March rose to $3.8bn (Â£2.6bn), compared with $2.1bn for the same period in 2015. Strong performance in Europe helped Ford to outpace Detroit rival General Motors. Shares rose 3.2% in
Stefano Brizzi, 50, denies murdering PC Gordon Semple but admits disposing of his body. He told the Old Bailey that PC Semple visited his flat for 'the purpose of having fun' The pair had agreed to meet on gay dating app Grindr for sadomasoch
Haigh had been on the board since GFH took over at Elland Road in December 2012. Haigh attempted to take charge of the club through his Sport Capital consortium but the deal collapsed in January. Leeds are currently 16th in the table after five straight defeats.
Thanet District Council said it was considering a 2% rise in the authority's part of the council tax. Councillor Rick Everitt said the council had seen a 28% reduction in government funding over the past two years.
Act PM Mariano Rajoy said a Socialist-led coalition would be a threat to Spain's interests. Mr Rajoy - leader of the incumbent conservative Popular Party (PP) - called Mr Sanchez a "fictitious, unreal candidate" Mr Sanchez needed an absolute majority in Wednesday's confidence
New Zealand thrash Wales 46-6 in Saturday's final Test in Dunedin. It is Wales' heaviest loss to New Zealand for nine years and 29th in a row against All Blacks. Wales coach Gatland's side have conceded 16 tries in the three Tests, scoring five.
Crash happened at about 13:00 GMT on the A607 in Waddington, Lincolnshire. Ambulance was responding to an emergency call and had its blue lights on. Four people, including the two ambulance crew, were taken to hospital in Lincoln.
Euro 2012 co-hosts Pohorecki says Euro 2020 could be held across cities across Europe. Poland and Ukraine were accused of racism and fan violence during the tournament. Pohorecki says lessons have been learned from Euro 2012. He backs Michel Platini's idea
The SNP defended MP and MSP Mr Salmond saying he was on constituency business. A spokesman said there was "nothing in the PM's statement which was of surprise or new" Scottish Conservatives, Scottish Labour and the Scottish Lib Dems were all critical.
Campaign for Borders Rail (CBR) says line should be improved and extended via Hawick to Carlisle. Extending the line is already being examined as part of a wider study of transport issues in southern Scotland. Report presented to Transport Minister Humza Yousaf.
Campaign for Border Rail would have preferred a report looking solely at rail services in the area. Transport Scotland announced earlier this week that it intended to award the contract to Jacobs UK Ltd.
Breezie offers a simplified interface for a standard Samsung Galaxy tablet. It can be customised to make sure it has the settings and apps the customer wants. By 2030, 19% of the US population will be over 65. Apple is looking to address this - but not with new hardware
Isle of Man Steam-Packet Company confirms no passengers or crew were injured. Four crossings between Douglas and Heysham were cancelled following the collision. Chief executive Mark Woodward apologised to passengers and said it was an "unfortunate incident" He said engineers worked through the night to
Set two years later on from This is England '86, the drama will deal with the aftermath of the events in that four-part series. "Just when I think my love affair with [This is England] is over, it pulls me back in," Meadows said.
Ex-Labour MP said inquiries into government communications should not be allowed any more. But he said the review would weigh the evidence carefully including that from groups opposed to the act. Campaign for Freedom of Information says panel does not include advocates for transparency. It suggests changes will see more requests being
Julius Indongo beats Ricky Burns in a close fight at the Hydro in Glasgow. Indongo was unbeaten in 21 fights prior to this unification contest. The Namibian was fighting overseas for only the second time as a professional. It leaves Ricky Burns' hopes of a unification bout with
Refugees and asylum seekers living in Belfast do voluntary conservation work in the Mourne mountains. Volunteers help to rebuild dry-stone walls and repair mountain paths. The walls are one of the most unmistakable features of the Mournes, with hundreds of miles of dry stone.
Barry Henderson, 41, from Fraserburgh, was charged with murder and attempted murder. The blaze in the Aberdeenshire town's High Street claimed the life of 43-year-old Gordon Graham. He made no plea and was released on bail at Peterhead Sheriff Court.
Victim was threatened with a knife by two men who tried to force him into a car near RAF Marham. Officers were contacted with reports of a man seen in Colchester, thought to resemble one of the offenders involved in the attempted abduction in Norfolk. Police investigating the incident at RAF Mar
The launch took place near the eastern coastal city of Wonsan, South Korea says. It is thought to be the second test of the North's new Musudan missile. An attempt earlier this month also failed. The tests come amid a recent ramp-up in weapons activity as
Holyrood's parties have so far failed to reach consensus over the plans. Budget bill has now been formally published at Holyrood, marking the start of legislative process. Final votes on the tax and spending proposals will be held before the end of February.
Lasers will relay images taken by Earth observation satellites to a new network of satellites. The European Space Agency hopes to have the system operational by 2020. Esa says it can put images on the desks of people who need them within 20 minutes of being acquired. Data will move at a
Fetuli Talanoa scores twice as Hull FC thrash Salford at home. Sika Manu, Josh Bowden, Jack Logan, Jamie Shaul and Gareth Ellis also on scoresheet. Pat Richards scores all 10 Catalans points in the first half.
Greater Manchester Spatial Framework (GMSF) scheme identifies sites for housing developments. Plans to make swathes of protected greenbelt land available for new homes. More than 25,000 people responded to a public consultation in September. Mayor Andy Burnham promised to revise the plans
Virtus armour is described by the MoD as 'one of the most advanced in the world' Soldiers say webbing - where ammunition and kit is stored - has been snapping. MoD says it is working with the armour's supplier to make improvements.
The 22-year-old has scored 11 times in 18 games in the seventh tier this season. Gordon had eight years at Stoke before dropping into non-league football. He will join the Premier League champions' under-23 side for the rest of the season.
Starkidz were abused by a gang after Christmas lights switch-on in Formby, Merseyside. One performer was punched in the stomach and another threatened with an airgun. Merseyside Police are investigating a report of anti-social behaviour at the event.
Campaign group Veterans for Justice UK had planned to march in Derry on same date. Relatives of Bloody Sunday victims objected, saying it was an 'insult' to people of the city. Organiser Anto Wickham said he was 'upset' by suggestions Derry march was
Le Saux played 513 games for Chelsea, Blackburn Rovers and Southampton. There are currently no openly gay players in the English professional game. LeSaux suffered years of baseless claims about his alleged homosexuality.
Discovery described as 'extremely significant' by Bournemouth University archaeologists. Animal remains, a number of quern-stones used for grinding corn to make bread, weaving and metalworking materials were also uncovered.
Action on Hearing Loss Cymru said its south east Wales support service is one-of-a-kind. It said "demand outweighs supply" for its two advisers and referral process is 'problematic' The charity estimates 4% of Welsh workforce - 84,000 people - are
Mourinho says he wants to keep his squad together for the rest of the season. But sources have told BBC Sport he would like to make changes. Netherlands forward Memphis Depay is one of those most likely to leave. United have spent £480m since Sir Alex Ferguson retired in
IPPR Scotland says SNP could generate between £1.1bn and £2bn by 2020/21. SNP income tax plans would raise £300m and the Scottish Conservatives zero. Scottish Lib Dems tax pledges could result in added revenue of £750m and Greens £950m
The three admitted to hiding losses dating back to the 1990s. They face up to 10 years in prison. The scandal was revealed when former chief executive Michael Woodford was dismissed. Mr Kikukawa: "The entire responsibility lies with me"
Mohamed Fahmy, Baher Mohamed and Peter Greste were sentenced to up to 10 years in prison in July 2014. Their convictions for spreading false news were overturned and they were freed in February to await retrial. The journalists strenuously deny collaborating with the Muslim Brotherhood, which the Egyptian
Joshua Bwalya, 16, was found dead in the street in Barking, east London. Two men, aged 20 and 16, were arrested on suspicion of murder. The 20-year-old has been released from hospital and is being held at a London police station.
Kruis, 26, was part of a 32-man training squad that gathered at England's training base on Sunday. The second row had been an ever-present for England in 2016 before being ruled out of autumn Tests wins over South Africa and Fiji. England's autumn Test series continues
Dengue is a mosquito-borne disease which is prevalent in sub-tropical and tropical regions. It is a major cause of illness worldwide, causing about 100 million episodes of feverish illness a year. Outbreak in Burkina Faso is causing alarm and officials are trying to avoid
Heritage Lottery Fund gives Naseby Battlefield Project £9,900. NBP will then apply for a grant to build the centre. Battle took place on 14 June 1645, when the army of parliament destroyed the King's army.
Greek youngster joins on a free transfer from Olympiacos, also owned by Forest owner Evangelos Marinakis. Bouchalakis had been expected to sign a loan deal with Forest. But he impressed in training and in friendlies with Notts County and Mansfield and has signed until 2020
Unidentified jet dropped cluster bombs on Dablan, 13 miles south-east of Mayadin. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights put the death toll at 30; DeirEzzor24 put it at 30. Comes two days after a US-led coalition strike reportedly killed 42 detainees
Denise White is one of five recipients of BBC Music Day's Unsung Hero award. She is founder of Something Special, a musical and creative arts group that educates students with learning disabilities. In a tribute video, her students described her as an "inspiration"
Bromyard Community Hospital in Herefordshire needs 80 new nurses to fill 80-post gap. It comes after staff agreed to work extra hours to save in-patient ward from closure. But The Wye Valley NHS Trust, which runs the hospital, said this was a temporary measure.
Incident brings to 41 the number of Israelis killed in knife, gun and car-ramming attacks since October 2015. Local media name driver as 22-year-old Malek Hamad, from West Bank town of Silwad. Sgt Elchai Teharlev, 20,
The pair appeared in front of thousands of fans at a news conference in Los Angeles. Mayweather teased McGregor, claiming he "only made $3m in his last fight" He said he was an "old man" but "still had enough" to beat McGregor, who has never boxed
Downing Street says payments were made by the PM's mother to 'even out' payments. David Cameron's mother's estate becomes liable to inheritance tax when she dies before 2018. UK's tax law is not governed by a'morality code', it is based on statute and is structured
St Botolph's Church, known as Boston Stump, was badly damaged in 2013. Floodlights were replaced but two were stolen. The lights were switched on by BBC Radio Lincolnshire presenters. Reverend Alyson Buxton said it was "fantastic"
Indictment calls them 'experienced computer hackers' and officials said attacks were a 'wake-up call' It is the first time the US is charging people associated with a national government. The attacks, occurring from 2011 to 2013, are believed to have been co-ordinated from
18-year-old spent first half of season on loan at Oxford United. Wales Under-19 international has opted to move to Shropshire instead. Roberts has made 14 substitute appearances in League One this season.
The Faraday Lecture Block dates back to the 1960s. University says its "tired and monotonous design" means it has become an eyesore. Work on the 11-month project is due to start in January.
All employers will eventually need to offer pensions to anyone over the age of 22. The introduction is a gradual process with 66% of employees now signed up. Nannies, care workers, plumbers and bar staff are the most likely to struggle.
Rick Edwards lit a small piece of wallpaper and the flames got out of control. The 20-year-old admitted in interview he started the blaze "for fun" Edwards was given a 12-month jail term suspended for two years at Exeter Crown Court.
Wales Under-21 international Burns has scored one goal in 17 appearances this season. The 21-year-old has previously had loan spells with Forest Green Rovers, Oxford United and Cheltenham Town. Burns could make his Fleetwood debut against Scunthorpe United on Saturday
12,000 people will carry the Olympic torch through some 300 Brazilian cities. Torch relay will begin in Brasilia in May and end at Rio's Maracana stadium in August. Rio de Janeiro will be the first South American city to host the Olympics.
At least two missiles were fired at a house in North Waziristan tribal region. It is the third such attack since new PM Nawaz Sharif won elections in May. A government statement said the strike violated Pakistan's sovereignty. In a separate development, at least six security personnel are reported to
Donald Swanson was born at Geise Distillery, near Thurso, Scotland, in 1848. He was the youngest child of brewer John Swanson and his wife Mary. In 1867, Mr Swanson left on a horse-drawn stagecoach with the aim of getting to London.
Lauro Bertulano, 46, and Rebecca Jones, 31, neglected stroke patients. Natalie Jones, 42, was given a community order for the same offence. They failed to check blood glucose levels at least every two hours. All three previously pleaded guilty to multiple charges of wilful
Judge Carlos Castro Martins reversed the order he had issued in September. He had barred any work on the Belo Monte dam that interfered with the natural flow of the Xingu river. Judge Martins said the company behind the project had subsequently shown its work would not harm local fishing.
Little terns travel 3,000 miles from west Africa to breed on the UK coast. Largest colony of the rare seabirds was at Winterton, near Great Yarmouth, Norfolk. The birds have since moved north to Sea Palling, where there are just 190 pairs
Pine martens were once common in Wales but were thought to be close to extinction by the 20th Century. The mother was among the first group of 20 relocated to mid Wales from Scotland in 2015.
Melissa Reid, 22, from Lenzie, near Glasgow, arrived at Glasgow Airport on Wednesday. She was arrested with Michaella McCollum, 23, with 11kg of cocaine at Lima airport in 2013. They struck a plea deal for a reduced sentence of six years and eight months
Since 2012, 5.4 million workers have been signed up to a workplace pension. Millions more people who work for small businesses or individuals are yet to be offered a pension plan. The pensions minister, Baroness Altmann, was said to be "personally involved"
Ian Stewart, 56, denies murdering Helen Bailey at their home in Royston, Hertfordshire. Her body was found in July, dumped in a cesspit under the garage. Mr Stewart denies murder, preventing a lawful burial, fraud and perverting the course of justice.
L'elisir d'amore was performing at the Royal Opera House in London. Performers gathered outside in full costume alongside members of the audience. The theatre said the interruption was a false alarm and the show had restarted.
Dr John Hinds was involved in an accident while providing medical cover at a Skerries 100 practice session. He died in hospital in Dublin on Saturday. Colleague Dr Fred McSorley said an investigation into the cause of the accident is under way. Dr Hinds had led
Brendan Foley played 201 times for Munster and 62 times for Ireland. He won five All Ireland League titles with Shannon and three European Cups with Munster. His reading of rugby games was extraordinary at times, says former Ireland captain Keith Wood. Foley instilled his principles into the
App samples wireless signals to see if data is flowing uninterrupted from routers to phones and tablets. Research suggests wi-fi in six million homes and offices is not running as fast as it could. Interference could come from other electronic devices such as baby monitors, microwaves or Christmas fairy lights.
The 2008 champion from Portrush warmed up for next week's Open at Royal Troon. McDowell picked up birdies at one, six and 16 but bogeys at 15 and 17 ended his title hopes. Alex Noren clinched a one-shot victory over nearest challenger Tyrrell
Process involves growing someone's cells in an incubator and mixing them with a liquid which is 3D printed into the jelly-like shape needed. Researchers in Swansea hope to be among the first in the world to start using it on humans within three years.
Palau was part of a United Nations trust territory administered by the US for 47 years. It relies on financial aid from the US, provided under a Compact of Free Association. Tourism is low key, although growing in economic importance. Many visitors come from Taiwan, with which Palau
Lorenzo Insigne's deflected 25-yard shot gave Napoli the lead. Giacomo Bonaventura levelled at the far post five minutes later. Napoli chasing their first league title since 1990.
Uptown Funk originally had six songwriters. Five writers of The Gap Band's hit were added earlier this week. It's said to have followed a claim from publisher Minder Music.
Xi Jinping denies Beijing engages in hacking but says China will co-operate with Washington on the issue. Hacking and economic reforms are expected to come up when Mr Xi meets his US counterpart Barack Obama at the White House on Friday. China's economy, which has grown rapidly in recent years
Labour MP Keith Vaz said Coca-Cola was marketing a "real health hazard" But Conservative city councillor Ross Grant said it was a hypocrite. Mr Vaz previously said he opposed the way Coke is promoted, rather than the product.
Southwark Sapphire unit in south London 'encouraged' victims to withdraw allegations. IPCC said approach of 'failing to believe victims' was 'wholly inappropriate' Metropolitan Police said substantial changes had been made.
Foreign Office says it is investigating the death of a British national in Myanmar. His wife said he had been drinking with another man in the city of Yangon before his death. Foreign Office working with local authorities in Myanmar to determine what happened.
Up to 6 August, 1,890 Palestinians had lost their lives in the conflict. Among the dead were 414 children and 87 men and women over the age of 60. The youngest to be killed was 10 days old, while the oldest was 100.
Great Britain won 65 medals, including 29 golds, at London 2012. This was the best total since 1908 and way ahead of the minimum medal aim of 48. Each sport was given a target and this is vital for future funding allocations from UK Sport. Nine sports failed to reach the
Call handling and IT system is more than Â£40m over budget and was initially due for October 2013. Programme will now be phased in for some services from this summer with a national roll-out by the end of 2017. New technology is meant to make NHS 24 more efficient
A passer-by found two men unconscious and bleeding at the side of the road. One of the men died at the scene and the other is critical in hospital. Both are thought to be in their late 20s, West Midlands Police said.
UKIP are making this election so different across the North West. Their main target appears to be Heywood and Middleton, where they ran Labour close last time. The Tories, meanwhile, are just as worried about losing precious votes in key marginals. Three big events during the campaign
Welsh Water's HelpU social tariff could offer savings of up to £250 a year. It is backed by the Welsh government and other organisations. Water company's half year financial report showed strong performance.
Joleon Lescott has told a fan to come to the training ground to meet him. The midfielder could return to the team as Louis van Gaal looks to make changes. Aston Villa were beaten 6-0 by Liverpool at Villa Park on Sunday.
Australian hooker Dave Porecki will act as cover for Sarries at the Rugby World Cup. Sarries could potentially lose Jamie George and Schalk Brits to England and South Africa duty. Porecki has had a spell with Super Rugby outfit Waratahs and Manly Marlins
Archbishop Martin said many in the church and society were "ashamed" by the discovery. He added that "families are owed an apology" and that the church had repeated an apology. The home was run by the Bon Secours order of nuns in Tuam, County Galway
Daniel Jones, 58, offered to take police to the stashed loot in north London. Police searched the area and found two bags at a memorial site. Jones was then taken from prison and led the officers to another memorial. There, a smaller stash of gold, jewellery and gems were hidden
Thames Water said it was called out 101 times on Christmas Day 2010 to deal with blockages. 25% more fat - about 500 tonnes - goes down drains in December than at any other time. Group of sewer men and women have posted on YouTube a rewritten version of Deck the Halls.
Steam Direct will let developers publish games directly to the service. Developers will have to pay a fee to publish their titles. Valve said the fee could range from $100 to $5000 per title. It is not clear that Steam Direct will stop bad games being published.
Chinese-American Xiyue Wang, 37, was arrested last August as he tried to leave the country. He was part of an "infiltration project" that sought to gather confidential articles. The US State Department called on Iran to release all those held on "fabricated" charges.
Clifford denies indecent assault in his London office in the 1980s. Alleged victim claims he forced her to perform a sex act on him and that she thought he would "rape or kill" her. Southwark Crown Court heard that Mr Clifford was asked about the allegation in his
Researchers discover two distinct species of thrushes in India. The Himalayan forest thrush is only the fourth species of bird discovered in India since 1947. Mountain-dwelling variety has been re-christened the "alpine thrush"
UFC lightweight champion Conor McGregor and Floyd Mayweather meet in Las Vegas. The pair will fight over 12 rounds under boxing rules on 26 August. McGregor insulted Mayweather over his outfit and suggested he couldn't read. Mayweather took an Irish flag from the crowd and paraded it in front of
Jordan McNab, 21, and two others entered Ian Dickson's flat in East Kilbride. Mr Dickson, 48, was punched, kicked and hit with a baseball bat and a piece of wood. He suffered facial bruising, a collapsed lung and a fractured rib. McN
Lewis-Francis took up the sport four months ago with the aim of competing at the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics. GB performance director Gary Anderson said it was a "tough call" to leave the 33-year-old out. Lamin Deen, fifth in
Barry Joy, 56 and Daniel Timbers, 28, died in a "fierce fire" at digger bucket maker Harford Attachments. Post-mortem examinations said the men died as a result of the effects of fire and inhalation of fumes. The inquest was told staff heard
Belmont, a Grade II* listed building in Lyme Regis, has been restored by the Landmark Trust charity. It was owned in the 18th Century by Eleanor Coade, who built up a successful artificial stone business. The building will open to the public on Saturday and Sunday.
Divock Origi scores only goal of the game as Liverpool progress to EFL Cup semi-finals. Wales Under-19 international Woodburn, aged 17 years and 45 days, scored in the second half to beat Owen's record by 98 days. Liverpool will find out who they play
Boris Johnson says he is 'perfectly happy' with the decision. West Ham say it will prevent them'securing the best deal for taxpayers' The club were awarded tenancy of the London 2012 stadium in 2013. £272m has been spent to convert the site for use as
The Prince of Wales said the rise of populist groups had echoes of 1930s. He said religious freedom was a 'choice between life and death' for some people. It is the third time he has given the address on the Today programme.
Education secretary launches consultation to replace funding system. She says current system is 'outdated, inefficient and unfair' Money will go'straight to the frontline' and cash will go directly to heads, she says. Labour accuses government of 'dodging difficult questions' about who will lose
HM Treasury says it will raise just under £2bn in 2020-21 from new tax system. Dividends on shares will be taxed at 7.5% for basic rate taxpayers, 32.5 for higher rate taxpayers and 38.1% for additional rate taxpayers. Vehicle excise
Henry Blowers is a larger than life character who helped to create a legacy that marks out TMS as the envy of the broadcast world. I can always tell when Henry is getting excited about play because his right leg will bounce up and down like a piston. Henry makes every ball sound like
Real Madrid beat Real Sociedad 3-0 at the Bernabeu. Mateo Kovacic, Cristiano Ronaldo and Alvaro Morata scored the goals. Real Madrid were the only one of the top four in Spain to win this weekend. Barcelona drew 1
Hindus have never had legal framework to register their unions until now. Activists say Hindu women are targets for forced conversions, abduction and rape. The bill was passed on Monday by lawmakers in Sindh - home to many of Pakistan's three million Hindus. Many Hindu couples say this
The 27-year-old joined the French Top 14 club in 2015. South Africa-born Catrakilis has previously played for Super Rugby franchises Southern Kings and Stormers in his homeland. He also won the Currie Cup twice with Western Province.
The Pacaya volcano began spewing ash and lava after a powerful explosion on Saturday afternoon. New explosions were seen on Sunday, with ash clouds reaching a height or at least 4km (3 miles) Flights have been diverted from the area, some 30 miles (50km) south of
King's College London team say looking at "biological age" is more useful than using a date of birth. Test looks for an "ageing signature" in your body's cells by comparing the behaviour of 150 genes. Could help predict when a person will die, identify those at high
Lisa Bridgett was on the phone when a steel nut hit her at Manchester Arena. She lost a finger before the nut went through her phone and her cheek, lodged in her nose. Her husband said the phone probably diverted and slowed down the steel nut. The bomb attack at the
Russian President Vladimir Putin offers condolences after air strike wounds 11 Turkish soldiers. Kremlin spokesman says pilots were "guided by co-ordinates" from "Turkish partners" But Turkish military insists the troops had been at the building for 10 days. The two countries support opposing sides in Syria's
Draft Sustainability and Transformation Plan for Merseyside and Cheshire released. It aims to address a potential funding gap of £908m in the area by 2021. Hospitals have been "talking together for over three years about what they can do better together" Labour MP
The Sagitaire and the Saint Christophe were rescued in the early hours. Both vessels had taken refuge from storms at Town Quay, Dartmouth. Dart inshore lifeboat rescued five crew of the Sagitaire over the stern. Devon and Somerset Fire and Rescue Service rescued the five crew
Emergency services called to property in Sangomore area of Durness at about 02:00. Police Scotland said it was not known if the woman was in the house at the time. Her relatives have been informed and the fire is not thought to be suspicious.
South West Trains apologised for a string of disruptions this week. 60 trains out of London Waterloo were affected by the signalling fault. Further delays were caused when passengers went on the track, meaning power to the rails had to be turned off.
Gang convicted of firearms and drugs charges on Monday after a six-week trial. They were caught after firearms, ammunition and cocaine were found in a car arriving at Folkestone from Calais in January 2012. Officers discovered five handguns and three silencers, while 500g of cocaine was found in an
Eric Bikubi, 28, and Magalie Bamu, 29, accused Kristy Bamu of being a sorcerer. Accused Kristy of controlling and adversely influencing a young boy, jury was told. Couple originally came from the Democratic Republic of Congo, where witchcraft is pract
Small businesses could be our Achilles heel when it comes to cyber-security, says Alan Woodward. 60% of small businesses have suffered some form of successful malware attack, he says. Woodward: Criminals recognise that smaller businesses can often be a way of reaching larger firms. Small businesses
The company has been negotiating with the pension regulator and the PPF. At about £500m, the pension scheme is roughly the same size as BHS. Hoover Candy stopped producing washing machines in Merthyr Tydfil in 2009. More than 300 workers lost their jobs
His body was found on concrete steps in North Street in the early hours of Sunday morning. He was treated by medical staff but was pronounced dead at the scene.
A 67-year-old woman was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident on the A7. She had been driving a Volkswagen Polo which overturned after a collision with an Audi A6. Police said a second woman, 95, who was one of two female passengers in the Audi,
David Davis and Arlene Foster have been fond of talking about technology as the answer to Ireland's post-Brexit problems. But is that seamless approach unravelling and could it become a source of greater friction between the two governments? Fine Gael Senator Neale Richmond hinted that the Irish favour moving customs
Welsh Conservative MP David Davies warns attempts to block the UK's exit could lead to an early general election. He said he was disappointed that judges ruled ministers could not invoke Article 50 without MPs' approval. Welsh government has said it intends to appeal against Thursday's High Court ruling.
New material is more robust and hardwearing than previous efforts to create artificial cartilage. A traditional ink-jet printer combined with a specialised spinning-machine is used to make it. Could lead to bespoke cartilage created for individual patients. But one expert warned it was too early
Cleethorpes Pier was built at a cost of Â£8,000 and opened in 1873 but closed last year. Bryan Huxford, who co-owns Humberside Airport, bought the pier for an undisclosed fee. He said he would soon reopen the
30 years ago the City of London was deregulated, revolutionising its fortunes. Many believe the Big Bang's legacy is a financial infrastructure with foundations too deep to be moved. But many say it sowed the seeds of the 2008 financial crisis. By ending fixed commissions Big Bang allowed more
The 21-year-old moved to the Reds in 2014 after being let go by Watford. He made 82 appearances for Crawley during his three seasons at the club. Bobson failed to score a goal during his time at the Reds.
Durham University and Newcastle University row in the 1500m race on the River Tyne. The 1500m competition first began in 1997 but stopped in 2010 due to funding issues. Durham captain James Styles says it is always good to have a "one-on-one" with their rivals
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov is believed to be heading to the eastern Mediterranean. UK's Type 45 destroyer HMS Duncan and Type 23 frigate HMS Richmond are shadowing the vessels. The ships are within international waters but Defence Secretary Michael Fallon said the UK would be watching. Russia
Dronestagram has announced the winners of its annual aerial photography competition. Thousands of images were taken using drone cameras. National Geographic deputy director Patrick Witty and Emanuela Ascoli selected the winners.
Nigeria international Emenike becomes West Ham's second signing of the January transfer window. The 28-year-old has been on loan at Qatari club Al Ain this season. Emenike has scored nine goals in 37 international appearances for Nigeria.
Raiders drove into the Metro Bank branch at Babbage Gate, Oakgrove in Milton Keynes. The cash machine was put in a dark 4x4 and the thieves drove off in that vehicle and a white VW Golf. Police are appealing for anyone with mobile phone footage of the raid to
Judd Trump and Barry Hawkins face Mark Allen and Joe Swail in Group C. Wales play Group A winners China A, who have Ding Junhui and Liang Wenbo in their team. Holders China B against Belgium and Thailand v Iran complete the line-up.
Amy Simpson, 18, died when her car left the road near the village of Dalavich. She was with four other women passengers who escaped without serious injury. Her mother Angela Simpson said her "gorgeous girl Amy" was "my best friend, my soulmate and my rock"
Former world number one finishes one shot ahead of Ollie Schniederjans. Webb Simpson finishes four shots back in third place. Davis Love is eight shots adrift in a tie for 10th.
Transcript of final minutes of Germanwings flight 4U9525 leaked to German media. Pilot locked out of cockpit, shouting "open the damn door!" Passengers are heard screaming as captain begs again to be let in. Investigators think there is the sound of plane's wing hitting
Botswana's president says he has personally ordered the pastor's arrest. Homosexual acts are illegal in Botswana, as in many African countries. Mr Anderson runs the Faithful Word Baptist Church, which says homosexuality is an abomination.
Liam Williams could return for European Champions Cup double-header against Toulon. The 25-year-old suffered an ankle injury during Wales' win over South Africa. Wales prop Rob Evans is likely to play his first rugby of the season against Zebre.
Former Premier League striker was wrongly implicated in a match-fixing scandal. Campbell was one of six people arrested in connection with allegations of fixing in football matches. The 32-year-old is at Maidenhead to rediscover his love for the game. Former Birmingham and QPR
Railways across the UK are currently overseen by British Transport Police. The Scottish government wants to integrate these duties into Scotland's national police force. Rail unions have spoken out against the move, while police chiefs have warned that a merger could be "massively complicated" Justice Secretary Michael Mathes
The redundancy scheme formed part of the financial package attached to the Stormont House Agreement. The Westminster government would allow the Northern Ireland Executive to borrow £700m over four years to pay off up to 20,000 public servants. A £200m portion would be used to cut up to 3
Jim O'Brien joins Ross County on a two-year deal after leaving Shrewsbury Town. O'Brien spent six months on loan at Ross County last season, making 18 appearances and scoring twice. The 29-year-old may not be available to play in Friday night's
Maria Sharapova did not know who Sachin Tendulkar was after her win over Novak Djokovic. The French Open champion was asked at a post-match conference if she knew who he was. #WhoisMariaSharapova is now trending worldwide.
The abuse took place while the boys were living at Belmont House, in Stockport. Police have made "extensive" inquiries and are now appealing for anyone who worked or lived at the home during that period to contact them.
Labour's chief whip in the assembly will call for the Welsh Parliament name to be adopted. Jane Hutt will table a motion in the Senedd calling for it to be used unofficially until formalised. Wales Office says legislation is not required to change what the institution calls itself.
Mr Cairns praised David Cameron's leadership, even on a policy he personally opposed. "He confounded the critics - everyone said he would never get away with it," he said. Welsh government asks UK government to make up shortfall left by absence of EU funds.
Advisory panel on creative industries recommends rejecting request for up to £6m. Panel concerned a similar hub already exists in Swansea. Camarthenshire council leader Emlyn Dole said the comparison was "completely inappropriate"
Cornish Black honey bees are better at dealing with varroa mites. The mites carry a strain of a deadly virus that has killed vast numbers of bees. Paignton Zoo hopes its findings will help protect colonies and encourage more bee keepers to take on the Cornish breed
Council has so far incurred £213,000 in legal costs. If accepted, the association would retain ownership of the land on Hall Street. The land at the centre of the dispute was bought by the association 10 years ago.
Kardashian West was held at gunpoint and tied up by the robbers while staying at a hotel in Paris. She was targeted at the exclusive flat near Place de la Madeleine while her bodyguard looked after her sister at a nightclub. The gang stole €9m (£8m
Muhammad Ali was the most remarkable sportsman in history. But he was also, at times, one of the most bigoted. Hagiography has no place in the Ali story. To accentuate the greatness at the expense of the ugliness would actually diminish what he was.
Newcastle Falcons star Sam Burgess is set to join Bath from NRL side South Sydney in 2015. Burgess will be the latest in a long line of rugby league players to switch codes. Newcastle's Morley Smith believes anyone can be a success in both codes if they get the right
The judge overseeing the case has warned that he views the "child recovery" operation as a criminal case. The mother, Sally Faulkner, was soon arrested, as were the journalists, two British men and two Lebanese men. CCTV footage appears to show the six-year-old
Wales has teamed up with specialists in the US, Germany, London and Newcastle. The new method is similar to face and fingerprint recognition software. It means cancer cells can be identified quicker, speeding up diagnosis times.
Harris-Wright, 28, won a European Champions Cup medal at Leinster. The club have also added Harlequins tight-head prop Tyler Gendall, 22, Jersey Reds back rower Nick Haining, 26, and Watsonians scrum-half Reiss Cullen, 20
Martyn Graham, 58, also seriously injured two other motorists in the crash. A web cam in his cab showed the brake lights ahead for 17 seconds before the collision. Graham admitted two counts of causing death by dangerous driving.
Number of enquiries fell most dramatically in London, but also fell in nine other regions. Enquiries rose only in East Anglia, the North and Scotland. Most surveyors also reported a fall in new instructions to sell, and most expect prices to rise.
Buhari vows to recover billions of dollars "stolen" under previous administrations. "The days of impunity and lack of accountability are over," he tells state governors. Nigeria is Africa's biggest oil producer, but most of its citizens are poor.
Davies appeared to gesture and swear at referee Greg Garner. Garner warned him if he used the language again he would send him off. D Davies could now face disciplinary action that could affect his chances of facing Toulon.
Ms Bailey's body was found in a cesspit beneath the garage submerged in liquid. Her partner, Ian Stewart, 56, has denied murdering the 51-year-old author. Pathologist Dr Nathaniel Cary told St Albans Crown Court it was "possible that she was put down the well
Daley split the strong Chinese pair of Aisen Chen, who took gold, and Qiu Bo to improve on his bronze-winning performance in Windsor, Canada a week ago. "There are still things I have to improve, but I'm very happy with the silver medal," said the 21-year
The county council plans to build 200 council homes and 300 affordable homes. The first will be built on the site of the former Custom House Lane School. Meanwhile, the nearby "old dairy" is being flattened along with some terraced homes.
David Bowie has died after an 18-month battle with cancer. His son, film director Duncan Jones, confirmed the news on his official social media accounts. By 0900 GMT there were over a million tweets globally, using the hashtag #Bowie. The top 10 trending Twitter tags included
Singapore and Malaysia suffer from haze caused by slash-and-burn practices by small-scale farmers and rogue palm oil traders in Indonesia. Mighty accuses Olam and its main stakeholder, Singapore state-owned investment company Temasek, of turning a blind eye to these practices.
Lord Davidson of Glen Clova is a Labour party front-bencher in the House of Lords. He is seen on camera telling a journalist from Chinese state-run media about Tibet's economic progress. His comments have been met by astonishment by Free Tibet, a UK-based campaign group.
Mako-type mackerel shark was recovered on Barmouth Beach on Friday. An average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length. They can swim in excess of 30mph and weigh up to 300lbs (135kg)
Scientists have struggled to explain the so-called pause that began in 1999. The latest theory says that a 30-year cycle in the Atlantic Ocean is behind the slowdown. This slow-moving current could continue to divert heat into the deep seas for another decade. However, global temperatures are likely to
Agent David Seligman: "If it gets to deadline day, you know there isn't any time for the club to go and get somebody else, so the price goes up and you get them the better deal" Agent Eric Hall: "As silly as some stuff may sound, you'll
Eight houses on the A3055 on the Isle of Wight were evacuated after a landslip in 2014. One family complained to the Local Government Ombudsman over the council's response. The council agreed to pay Â£5,000 compensation to the family.
Hull's Sam Clucas was sent off for handball from Lucas Perez's header. Samuel Sanchez stepped up to take the penalty and scored his 17th top-flight goal of the season. Arsenal had lost back-to-back league games against Watford and Chelsea.
Radio 4's File on 4 programme found 22 profiles belonging to child sex offenders. One page belonged to Bruce Cordwell, 20, who groomed Kayleigh Haywood, 15, on Facebook. Kayleigh was raped and murdered by Stephen Beadman, 35, in November 2015.
Aaron Ramsey and Carl Jenkinson score in 2-0 victory for Arsenal. Lukas Podolski and Olivier Giroud had earlier been denied by John Ruddy and Lukasz Fabianski. Ricky van Wolfswinkel was conspicuous by his absence from the Norwich squad.
Ex-Derbyshire skipper Barnett takes over as club president. Graeme Welch left role as elite performance director in June. New coaching structure put in place alongside "targeted" recruitment drive.
England's opening batsman Jennings averages just 15.3 in his last six innings. The 25-year-old was out for 48 on the fourth morning of the third Test against South Africa. England play one more Test against the Proteas, followed by three against the West Indies.
Two reports criticised the regulator at the time for failing to take action. One of those reports said regulators should consider banning 10 former HBOS executives. Financial Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority have now announced an investigation.
Cleaner got patient's name from an electronic floor plan at Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. NHS Lothian said the man did not access to the woman's medical records. The woman visited the accident and emergency department last week for treatment to a hand injury.
Militants came out onto the streets of Marawi after the army attempted to capture a top militant leader. 19 civilians are known to have died, some with gunshot wounds to their heads. Military says troops are in "complete control of the city except for certain areas" held by militants.
Southern tweeted: "Time to get back on track. Tweet @RMTunion & tell them how rail strikes make you feel" Most people who responded criticised the company rather than the union. The RMT said it believed the advert amounted to "targeted harassment"
Officers on patrol in Drylaw area observed green light coming from Marine Drive. Pilot reported incident during plane's descent at Edinburgh Airport. A 16-year-old boy and four females, aged 16, 17, 19 and 22, were arrested.
Remus Hamza, 41, of Riverside, Cardiff, was jailed for 12 years in February 2016. He was also given four years on extended licence for raping a 20-year-old woman. Hamza took his case to the Court of Appeal in London, arguing this was too severe.
Batsman Godleman, 27, has signed a two-year contract with Derbyshire. Thakor, 22, has agreed a three-year deal. Godleman this week scored 100 against former club Essex.
Polish officers are in Harlow, Essex, to'reassure the community' Ch Insp Alan Ray said some people told him: 'We don't trust police officers' Essex's police commissioner said there had been an increase in people saying 'rude things to people who aren
Anyone with a British passport who lives Down Under is eligible to participate in the UK's referendum on exiting the EU. With 1.2 million British nationals in Australia, and 250,000 in New Zealand, both the stay and leave camps are in full campaign mode. Southern hemisphere votes have the potential to
Windsor, Slough, Eton and Hounslow Athletics Club normally use Long Walk for winter training. Crown Estate said the park's ground conditions are not suitable for the club's training sessions. Mo Farah used to train with the club, and he trained exactly on this
The four shows will be on 28 June and 2 July, with tickets on sale from 7 December. Take That hold the record for playing the most dates at Wembley, having staged eight nights there in 2011. The previous record holder was Michael Jackson, who played there five times in 1988.
Jesse Sene-Lefao and Jake Webster score tries for Castleford. Luke Gale and Michael Shenton create four tries each for the Tigers. Leigh had one of three scores ruled out by the video referee. Daryl Powell's side have the best record in the Super
Department for Environment, Food and Rural Affairs found the number had gone up by 200 million since 2013. From October people in England will have to pay 5p for their plastic bags. Campaigners hope the charge will lessen the amount of bags being thrown away.
This was the third night of protests following the killing of Keith Lamont Scott on Tuesday.
Belfast Pride festival runs over 10 days and finishes on Sunday. More than 100 events showcased creativity, arts, history and culture of LGBT community. Parade was led by Mary Ellen Campbell, Belfast's first openly gay deputy mayor.
Karma Khayat and her TV station al-Jadeed accused of contempt of court for revealing details about witnesses. They deny any wrongdoing, and say they are fighting for freedom of speech. Five men accused of killing Mr Hariri remain in hiding, and are being tried in absentia
London Mayor of London announced he would back the campaign for Britain to leave the EU. Alexander Boris de Pfeffel Johnson was born in New York and is descended from Turkish, French and German stock. He describes himself as a "one-man melting pot" and first made a name
Paralympic star was jailed for five years in 2014 for the culpable homicide of Reeva Steenkamp. He has been fighting a lengthy battle to be released early from jail. The parole review board met on Monday to decide if he should be allowed out on house arrest.
Joshua Davies fell from a bridge near his home in Pontypridd, Wales, last month. He fractured his spine in four places and is now in a wheelchair after the fall. His family say he has been bullied for five years because of his Asperger's syndrome. Police
South Sudan President Salva Kiir and his deputy Riek Machar clashed in June. The two had fought a civil war which killed tens of thousands. Dafa Dafa means revenge in the local Arabic. Song combines a myriad of styles and a mix of local languages.
Argentine-born film-maker died in hospital in Sao Paulo on 13 July after a heart attack. Kiss of the Spider Woman, a surreal prison drama, was also nominated for best picture at the Oscars. Babenco also directed 1987's Ironweed with Jack Nicholson and M
Researchers in Zurich and Cambridge build robots that adapt to their surroundings. A robot arm builds "babies" that get progressively better at moving without any human intervention. The aim is to gain new insights into how living things evolve. "We're not there yet, but sure, why not
Two shops in his home town Framlingham, Suffolk, and one in Ipswich were given several bags each. Suffolk Family Carers, based in Claydon, near Ipswich, also received about 15 pieces of clothing. The charity is fundraising with BBC Radio Suffolk for a new
Dr Hamisi Kigwangalla says homosexuality does not exist and is a social construct. Tweeters accuse him of homophobia and infringing on the right to freedom of expression. The 42-year-old is a medical doctor by profession. Homosexual acts are illegal in Tanzania and punishable by
Elderly man was spotted in the water at Leith at about 22:00 on Wednesday. He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary by ambulance for treatment, but later died. Inquiries into the circumstances surrounding this incident are ongoing.
Oliver Hawkins, Matty Blair and Adi Yussuf scored for Mansfield. Krystian Pearce was sent off for Dagenham & Redbridge. Pearce conceded a penalty for tripping Jamie Cureton. Cureton missed the spot kick and Matt Green slotted in
Northampton Town beat Coventry City 3-0 in League One on Saturday. Northamptonshire Police said six arrests were made when spectators from the away stand invaded the pitch and a further three when flares were let-off. Coventry City said the disruption was "unacceptable
Stephen Archer, 51, was convicted of murdering his sister Julie, 49. Ms Archer suffered 95% burns in the attack at her home in February 2016. Archer was told he must serve a minimum of 27 years.
Richard Broughton, 37, died on Sunday after he was knocked down by a car in Elsecar. South Yorkshire Police has recovered a vehicle in connection with the crash. A 23-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder, and a 35-year old man
The 24-year-old made his debut for Northern Ireland in March. He scored in his second game against Slovenia. Washington combined representing non-League St Ives between 2010 and 2012 with a job delivering mail.
Bramall Hall in Stockport, Greater Manchester, will open its doors to the public this weekend. Stained glass windows and ceilings have been restored, while the public will be able to visit the dining room and butler's pantry for the first time. The manor dates back
Richard Blake-Smith and his partner Anna beat Vytautas Kirkliauskas of Lithuania, carrying his wife, Neringa Kirliauskiene. They will now compete at the World Championships in Finland in July.
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon said he hoped the treaty would help prevent the transfer of weapons to "warlords, human rights abusers, terrorists and criminal organisations" The deal also bans arms supplies if this promotes war crimes or genocide. So far 60 nations have ratified the accord, but not
Great CityGames and Great Manchester Run given go-ahead for this weekend. Chelsea cancel their Premier League victory parade, which was due to take place on Sunday. Arsenal cancel screening of match at club's Emirates Stadium and fans will be given refunds. Athletics' Great CityGames
Vehicles collided on Red Hill Way, Leicester, at 21:17 BST on Tuesday. Police said the 19-year-old on one of the bikes was killed. A 29 year-old man was arrested and remains in police custody.
Essex beat Middlesex by an innings and 34 runs to go 29 points clear at the top of Division One. Kolpak player Harmer returned career-best figures of 14-128 in last week's win over Warwickshire. He has now taken 47 wickets in eight
Inquiry will consider greater use of technology and employers' role in shaping learning. In July, Michael Gove raised possibility of early release for those with skills and qualifications. He said the inability of prisoners to read properly or master basic mathematics made them prime candidates for reoffending.
Many people are describing the removal of the country's first female leader as a coup. Dilma Rousseff herself sees it as a plot by her political opponents to force her from office. But if the term "coup" describes a sudden and illegal seizure of power, that is arguably
Team Fast is a spin-off company from Eindhoven University of Technology in the Netherlands. Team Fast has created the world's first bus that runs on formic acid. Formic acid can efficiently carry the ingredients needed for hydrogen fuel cells, used to power electric vehicles. The
Tom Queally, 30, was found asleep at the wheel of his car in Cheshire in March. A breath test showed a reading of 84 microgrammes of alcohol in 100ml of blood. His defence argued he had been a sleep walker since he was five years old. Queally
Swansea council bought the former Oceana building in May and will demolish it in October. The authority is moving from its seafront location as part of a wider regeneration of the city centre. It is understood it has been earmarked as the potential new home for the civic centre
The one-year-old spaniel bitch was found on the A20 in Harrietsham, Kent. She had no form of identification and was not microchipped, the RSPCA said. The dog, which has now been named Flick, has already been offered a
The man was shot in the Sunset House bar near Croke Park at about 21:30 local time. A burnt-out car, believed to have been used in the shooting, was found nearby. The shooting appears to be the latest murder in an on-going gangland feud.
Vadim Cobilas is out of contract in the summer and has decided to move to France's Top 14. The 32-year-old joined Sale in 2011 and became the first Moldova international to play in the Premiership. He joins Ireland fly-half Ian Madigan in moving
Dundee United face Morton in the Premiership play-off quarter-final first leg. The 25-year-old striker has played for three promotion-winning Championship sides in four seasons. Keatings made 30 appearances for Championship winners Hibs this season.
Remortgaging loans approved in July hit the highest level for nearly seven years. Mortgage approvals for house purchases also rose to a 17-month high. Both remain far below the peak of housing market activity, but signal an assumption of imminent rate rises.
Chaudhry Muhammad Shakeel is accused of murdering Ms Shahid, 28. Her father is being held as an accessory to murder. The men's lawyers say they will apply to have the case dismissed due to a 'complete lack of evidence'
Xiaoyu Zaijia responds to voice commands using a combination of pictures, text and speech. Unlike many rival AIs it is dependant on a touchscreen. Can answer questions, find local services, play music, make video calls and control smart home devices.
Police caught 12 drivers on the A34 and M40 in Oxfordshire using phones. One driver was filmed for 30 seconds driving with no hands on the steering wheel. Comes after a lorry driver was sentenced to four years for killing a family-of-four.
Edmund reached a career-high ranking of 43 on Monday. The 21-year-old from Yorkshire fought back from a break down in both sets. He will now face Spain's second seed David Ferrer in Antwerp.
Boko Haram has killed thousands in north-eastern Nigeria in its six-year campaign to create an Islamic state. President Muhammadu Buhari set up an investigation into the procurement of weapons for the military which found that phantom contracts worth $2bn had been awarded. Bello Haliru Mohammed
Robert Roche, 36, from Hove, Sussex, went to day nursery with his two children. They set off from their home at 09:00 BST to go to nursery but did not arrive. Mr Roche is described as white, 5ft 10in (1.78m), stock
Dario Lezcano and Almog Cohen put Ingolstadt 2-0 up before half-time. Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang reduced the deficit shortly before the hour mark. Adrian Ramos scored for Dortmund with 20 minutes left and Christian Pulisic headed home in added time
Polling stations opened at 07:00 BST in the area's 11 constituencies. Votes will be counted after the polls close at 22:00. Results will be available on your constituency profile page.
Blue Sticks will play India, the Netherlands, Pakistan and Canada in Pool B. Scotland began the tournament last September in World League 1, ranked 28th in the world. The Hockey World League semi-final in London features 10 teams.
Suffolk police are searching for ecstasy pills containing PMMA. Three men in Suffolk and one in Shropshire have died after taking the drug. PMMA is a highly toxic class-A drug and has been around for 20 years.
Judges said their work laid "an intellectual foundation" for policies in areas such as bankruptcy legislation and political constitutions. The pair will receive 8 million Swedish krona (Â£744,652) from the committee. World Bank's new chief economist Paul Romer was widely tipped
Three deaths across Italy have been attributed to freezing weather. Worst affected is the Abruzzo region, still recovering from a 2009 quake. Temperatures in Amatrice, Lazio, and Arquata del Tronto, Marche, set to fall as low as -6C
Technique is cheaper, faster and more accurate than current methods. Research will be carried out with four leading academic and industrial gene-research centres across the world. Scientists hope it will speed the development of medicines for illnesses including diabetes, heart disease and many cancers.
Franklin's Gardens will increase capacity by 1,900 to accommodate more than 15,500. The all-seater stand will include a new hospitality suite, members' bar and improved disability access. Sturtridge Pavilion has been a feature at the ground for 50 years.
10-year-old Tom and his sister Mali are helping their family during lambing season. Around 4,000 lambs will be born on Tom and Mali's farm this year.
Both men were taken to hospital for treatment. Officers are now asking anyone who saw what happened to get in touch. They want to talk to people who were in the club or in the immediate area.
Bottles were part of cargo on the SS Politician, which sank off Eriskay in 1941. They were among eight recovered from the wreck in 1987 by Donald MacPhee, from South Uist. The whisky is not thought to be fit for human consumption.
Sculpture shows sprawled murder victim surrounded by police tape. It was crowned winner of the Cornwall Beach Games sandcastle competition. But Devon and Cornwall Police was criticised after boasting officers tweeted about their victory. Labour councillor Hannah Toms said some would find it "very offensive"
Estonian health and Labour Minister Jevgeny Ossinovski wrote that Cameron gambled on European project. Lithuanian journalist Andrius Uzkalnis saw the vote as a rejection of "European integration maniacs" Latvian journalist Aivars Ozolins
The British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC) has "decided to shelve discussions about a sale" of Silverstone Circuit. Jaguar Land Rover and MotorSport Vision had previously shown interest in the Northamptonshire venue. The statement added the move is "not without risk
Ken Plowman and Leslie Kershaw were in their 20s in 1945. They took part in the largest air assault in history. Flying Horsa gliders, they landed 14,000 troops on the River Rhine.
Rio's offer of 16.50 Australian dollars ($16.42; Â£10.14) is now conditional on 47% of shareholders accepting it by 6 April. Previously its minimum target was 50%. If it fails to reach the new threshold, Rio Tinto will pay
At least four people have been killed in clashes between police and protesters. The vote is aimed at pushing through changes to the constitution. President Denis Sassou Nguesso has been in power since 1997.
Leicester's Niall Morris returns to his home province Leinster. The 27-year-old utility back moved from the Irish province to Welford Road in 2011. Morris missed all of last season because of a serious foot injury.
Carol Boardman was cycling in Connah's Quay, Flintshire, on Saturday. She collided with a pick-up truck and sustained serious injuries. The 47-year-old won a gold medal at the 1992 Barcelona Games. Chris Boardman said his mother was "the most
Bradley Lowery was cheered by Sunderland fans when he appeared as a mascot for the team in September. Everton pledged £200,000 towards his appeal fund. His mother has revealed his cancer has grown and treatment would only give him more time.
Internet-connected cars will improve in-car entertainment, and be able to help with crash alerts and diagnosing engine problems. Deal is the biggest overseas purchase made by a South Korean firm, and comes as Samsung is looking to recover from the withdrawal of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.
The draw for the EFL Cup third round was made on Tuesday night. All kick-offs at 19:45 BST unless otherwise stated. Bournemouth take on Preston North End in the first round.
Former AFC Fylde player Lloyd has scored 29 goals and assisted 19 this season. The 25-year-old has been working for a waste disposal company alongside playing football. Lloyd is Posh's second signing of the summer after Ricky Miller from Dover.
Commercial Estates Group (CEG) granted permission in 2011 to redevelop Carlyon Bay. The Â£250m redevelopment project would include housing and leisure facilities. Site was previously home to the Cornwall Coliseum complex, which hosted Cliff Richard.
Adam Purinton, 51, has been charged with first-degree murder and attempted murder. Police say he shot and killed Srinivas Kuchibhotla and Alok Madasani at Austins Bar and Grill in Olathe, Kansas. He then drove 70 miles to an Apple
Mourners gathered at the Sacred Heart Roman Catholic Church in Blackpool. The entertainer's fourth wife Sarah and her children attended the ceremony. Coronation Street star Ken Morley and comedian Jimmy Cricket also attended.
Gloucester beat Sale Sharks 24-15 at Kingsholm. Henry Trinder, Marshall and Billy Twelvetrees scored tries for the hosts. Sam James and Mike Phillips crossed in the first half for Sale.
Judge orders Google to hand over internet addresses, phone numbers and names of four fake reviewers. Nursery complained that the reviews were harming its business. Three reviews were removed by Google for breaching its anti-spam rules. One review was written in the name of a woman who died
Ninth-tier Westfields will face Curzon Ashton, who upset York City 2-1 in Monday's replay. Chesham, also from the seventh tier, face a trip to League One club Peterborough United. Spennymoor Town of the Northern Premier League will travel to
The order loosens a provision of the tax code which prohibits religious organisations from directly supporting or opposing political candidates. LGBT groups and several human-rights groups oppose the order. The White House says the order is necessary to protect religious groups that had been "persecuted by the Obama administration"
Sharon Forbes filmed Alex Davies at a National Action rally in Bath. National Action is a far-right group fighting for a free white Britain. Ms Forbes said she felt she had to confront Mr Davies, who was speaking at the rally. The video has been viewed thousands of times since they
Jamie Mitchell, 35, admitted intervening in an argument between Mr Dickie and his mother. He shouted "yes" and was visibly shaking after the verdict was announced by a jury. Mr Mitchell had pleaded guilty to common assault in relation to the fight. His mother Samantha Mitchell, 57,
Diego Valeri opened the scoring for Portland after just 27 seconds. Rodney Wallace and Kei Kamara pulled one back for Columbus before half-time. Portland win their first major trophy since joining MLS in 2011.
Margaret Aspinall and Trevor Hicks campaigned for more than 20 years to secure fresh inquests into the deaths of 96 people in the disaster. Mr Hicks' daughters Sarah, 19, and Victoria, 15, were among those who died at the FA Cup semi-final in April 1989.
Sports minister Do Jong-hwan said North Korea could host some skiing events. He also said the countries may enter a combined ice hockey team. The Games in Pyeongchang, South Korea, will take place from 9-25 February.
Armed plain-clothed police arrive and order attacker to get down. Journalist and colleague face charges of revealing state secrets.
Carmarthenshire council bought the Grade II listed building for £225,000 in the summer. The Guildhall had been facing uncertainty after the Ministry of Justice announced it was one of 10 law courts to close in Wales. Council said it was still investigating how to make best use of
Aung San Suu Kyi said it was wonderful to know there was support for democracy. She urged people involved in the festival to "continue to use your liberty to promote ours" The Burmese military authorities released the Nobel Peace Prize winner from house arrest last year.
He's spoken of how he's loved working in a team. Something, he said, "his other job" didn't necessarily offer. The prince is the only senior royal to have a deep understanding of the National Health Service. With his family moving from Norfolk to London, Prince George will
Disabled former senator Bob Dole appeared on the floor of the Senate in support. The treaty was signed by 155 nations and ratified by 126. It says all nations should work to ensure that disabled people enjoy the same rights as other citizens.
UKIP leader Suzanne Evans says judges are 'committed to staying in' EU. But she says it is important to maintain "judicial independence" Government says the ruling will not slow down the two-year process of leaving the EU.
Kenyan children's book author Muthoni Muchemi led the event with 1,700 students reading from her book. Event is meant to foster a culture of reading in the country, the organisers said. The US currently holds the Guinness World Record set by 233,000 people.
Pedrosa took the lead seven laps from the end. The Spaniard had not won a MotoGP race since the Czech Grand Prix in August 2014. Rossi's Yamaha team-mate Jorge Lorenzo was third after suffering tyre problems. Alex de Angelis is in a 'critical condition
The Harry Potter author faced a flood of criticism after donating to the No campaign in Scotland. She tweeted that her "personal line [had] been crossed" by some abusive comments. The 49-year-old also revealed she had been called "a traitor" for her political views.
Mr Beheshti died after being held on charges of "actions against national security on social networks" The circumstances of his death remain unclear, some reports have suggested he was tortured. Coroner's report said his body had "signs of wounds" but no broken bones.
Stow Maries Aerodrome, near Maldon, was used as a base for 37th Squadron, Royal Flying Corps. It was one of several in the south east of England used to defend London from German raids. Aircraft ceased being used by the military in 1919 and was returned
Ramunas Macnoris is charged over separate gun attacks in Newry, County Down. The 26-year-old, of Lambfield House, Dungannon, was also charged with having a firearm. Detective objected to bail, saying police feared he would reoffend or
Almost all trials in sheriff courts in 2016 began within 16 weeks. Two years earlier that figure was half. Scottish Courts and Tribunals Service said this was despite a significant increase in case levels, particularly domestic abuse and sexual violence.
Lewis and Harris are named after neighbouring islands in the Western Isles. Police Scotland described Lewis as "lovely and quiet" and its smallest horse at about 16.2 hands high.
Incident happened at Co-op store in Thornton at about 02:15 on 17 May. Ford Transit flatbed van reversed into the premises. A 25-year-old man is expected to appear at Kirkcaldy Sheriff Court court on Monday.
Katy Perry leads the nominations for this year's MTV EMA awards. Ariana Grande, Ariana Grande and Pharrell Williams also up for seven trophies. Ed Sheeran, Justin Bieber and Justin Timberlake among the best male nominees. Alicia Keys, Enrique Igles
A biology teacher and a parent were killed when a school playground was shelled. Another six people died when a minibus was hit elsewhere in Donetsk. A fragile ceasefire has been in place in eastern Ukraine since 5 September but the truce has frequently been violated. Both sides blamed the other for
Ibrahim Halawa was arrested during a siege on the Al-Fath mosque in Cairo in 2013. The mass trial of Mr Halawa and 493 others began in March after being postponed five times. Mr Halawa, 19, could face the death penalty if he is convicted.
Economy Minister Simon Hamilton has plans to reduce scheme overspend to 'effectively zero' He has written to boiler owners giving them until next Tuesday to agree to publication. The Ulster Farmers' Union (UFU) said it was advising members who availed of the scheme not to give
Ulster University warns of impact of a 'harder' border on staff working at Londonderry campus. Two-thirds of UU's staff from the Republic of Ireland work at the Magee campus in Derry. UEU had 1,332 EU students in 2015/16
Uruguay international Abel Hernandez has signed a three-year deal at the KC Stadium. The 24-year-old has scored seven goals in 14 matches for Uruguay and made two appearances at the 2014 Fifa World Cup. Hull's previous record transfer outlay was the £8m they
31 May is the date chosen by 1,000 Londoners to celebrate the capital's history. It was closely followed by 5 September - the date of the Great Fire of London. Big Ben's first day in operation was 31 May 1859. The Houses of Parliament is the building that
The baby wombat was born at the Richard Underwood Nature Refuge in St George, Australia. It brings the total number of wombats in the country to 251. Main threats to wombats are dogs, disease and competition for food from kangaroos.
England defeated New Zealand 20-14 to win series 2-1 in final Test. Coach Steve McNamara's contract was due to expire at the end of the tournament. McNamara is also out of contract with club side Sydney Roosters. He has reportedly agreed a new two
Adrian Bayley was sentenced to life imprisonment in 2013 for killing Jill Meagher. Ms Meagher was attacked in Melbourne in September 2012 as she walked home. On Thursday, it was announced he had been found guilty of three more rapes. The new convictions relate to two attacks in 2012 and
Prince George, Princess Charlotte, Princess Diana's brother, Earl Spencer, and her two sisters will also be there. Prince Charles and the Duchess of Cornwall will be in Canada. The service will be conducted by the Archbishop of Canterbury Justin Welby.
95% of ARM shareholders voted to back the acquisition by Softbank. Lord Myners said ARM was a company "at the heart of the ecosystem of modern technologies" But Treasury advisor Eileen Burbidge said the sale was a "great deal"
Singer Rita Ekwere, 23, from south London, is the first unsigned artist to win Sound of 2017. She has avoided signing a record deal in order to retain the rights to her music. List was chosen by a panel of 170 DJs, critics and festival bookers.
Marineland also charged with failing to provide adequate food and water for 35 bears. Three other charges relate to peacock and guinea hens, the Ontario Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals (OSPCA) said. The park, in Niagara Falls, denies the allegations
Hibs beat Rangers Ladies 3-1 in the third round of the SWPL Cup. Celtic also safely made their progression into the last 16 of the competition. Glasgow City will play Hibs in the fourth round after beating Rangers Ladies.
Cafodd siopwyr eu hebrwng o Ganolfan Siopa Quadrant toc wedi 14:00, ac mae'r digwyddiad hefyd wedi cau gorsaf fysus a marchnad yddinas
Akin Koc, who has run Anatolian Sky in Solihull for 26 years, said terror attacks had had a "devastating effect" on the company. The Civil Aviation Authority said it was helping about 1,200 holidaymakers following the collapse. Last month a gun and
Francesco Schettino was given 16 years in jail last year for his role in the Costa Concordia disaster. He is seeking to overturn the conviction, while the prosecution seeks a longer prison term. Schettino's lawyers are expected to argue that the disaster was a collective failure of the
First minister defended her mandate for a second independence referendum. But she said it would happen only after the outcome of the EU-UK negotiations became clear. She was the last of the four main party leaders to appear on BBC Scotland's Ask the Leader.
Captagon pills, which contain amphetamine and caffeine, are consumed widely in the Middle East. The drug has helped fuel the conflict in Syria, generating millions in revenue for producers. Captagon was first produced in the 1960s to treat hyperactivity, narcolepsy and depression.
Joaquin Guzman was named Public Enemy Number One by the Chicago Crime Commission in 2013. Since his arrest in his home state of Sinaloa, Mexico, there has been little movement on the extradition front. Mexican officials were making it clear they were in no rush to send him across
Archaeologists found the tools while excavating Rubha Port an t-Seilich, on Islay in the Inner Hebrides. The tools included scrapers used for cleaning skins and sharp points for hunting big game. It is now thought they were made by people of the Ah
Sergio Aguero and Fernandinho were sent off in the 95th minute of the game. Cesc Fabregas will not face any further action for his part in the incident. Both clubs have until 18:00 GMT on 8 December to respond to the charge.
New finding gives more of an idea of how the group of dinosaurs evolved.
England winger pleaded not guilty at Durham Crown Court to three counts of sexual activity with a child under 16 and another of grooming. The 27-year-old was released on conditional bail ahead of his trial on 24 August.
Company said it would be "retaining a second person" on board trains. RMT said in talks the firm refused to provide a guarantee "despite what they have been telling the press" FirstGroup and MTR will provide 90 new trains by December 2020 with driver-operated doors.
Fossils of two sauropods have been found in Australia. The large, herbivorous dinosaurs are among the largest dinosaurs ever to walk the Earth. They were able to cross land bridges between continents 95 to 98 million years ago. When Savannasaurus was alive,
Incident happened at 10:30 BST near the village of Tockwith, 10 miles west of York. Police said it is believed the aeroplane had suffered engine failure. Sgt Andy Graham praised the pilot's "great piloting skills resulting in no injuries"
JP Morgan boss Jamie Dimon said there had been too much focus on what would happen on day one after the UK leaves the EU. Ominously for the UK, he said that how many more jobs would go to centres all around the EU was no longer in the UK's control.
Muslim man accused of throwing stones at temple arrested. His family say he is mentally ill. Mobile internet services suspended in Jammu and Kashmir. Protesters also accuse police of hitting temple priest.
Four constituents brought action under the Representation of the People Act 1983. They argued he misled the electorate over a memo claiming Nicola Sturgeon would rather have seen David Cameron become prime minister. Judges ruled that section 106 of the act was wide enough to encompass a statement made by a candidate about himself.
Hull City Council hoped decorative stones would help visually impaired people. They were supposed to spell out the poem, The City Speaks, by Shane Rhodes. But Braille teacher Barry Wheatley said it made no sense as the Braille is too big. Council said it was only intended
Hamilton trails Vettel by 12 points heading into this weekend's Azerbaijan Grand Prix. The Briton won the last race in Canada but had poor performances in two of the previous three races. Hamilton said consistency is the key to winning the title.
Latest version of open world adventure was due to go on sale on 27 January. Rockstar say game needs 'a few extra weeks of testing and polish' to be 'as good as can be' Online heists are coming to consoles before the PC release date.
Rothwell, 21, has signed a two-year deal at Old Trafford. The attacking midfielder spent last season on loan at Barnsley. Maguire, 27, has also signed a one-year contract with the Championship club.
14 organisations have signed an agreement to stop gay conversion therapy being offered to patients. NHS England has made it clear that it does not endorse or support conversion therapy. GPs will not be able to refer patients for gay therapy and no-one employed by the NHS can provide it.
Brian Krebs says a Russian cybercrime forum administrator hatched a plan to order heroin. He arranged for it to be delivered to his home, then tipped off the police, making it look as if the call had come from a neighbour's house. Mr Krebs was already monitoring the website and
Barts Health NHS Trust was placed in special measures in March. CQC said patient safety was not given sufficient priority. Staffing levels were significantly below recommended levels. Hospitals were so full patients were not always cared for on appropriate wards.
Food and drink exports as a whole grew by 8.3% year-on-year to £4.9bn in the first quarter. Whisky remained the top food and drink export during the period, with sales of £895.9m. Salmon sales leapt more than
Olympic champion Grainger credits her school art teacher for her success. The 40-year-old won double sculls silver with Victoria Thornley in Rio. Grainger took a two-year break from rowing after winning Olympic gold at London 2012.
Thirty-six whales were rescued and pushed back into the sea at Tuticorin on Tuesday. But 28 of them floated back to the shore and died on Wednesday. Earlier, 45 whales died after 81 of the animals were stranded on Monday. The last time such an incident occurred in T
Mohammed Ali Abboud is on trial for murdering Agnieszka Szefler in January. The 57-year-old denies all charges against him at the High Court in Edinburgh. Jury shown video footage of police interview in which he tells officers she 'fell' with
Emmanuel-Thomas becomes Gillingham's eighth signing of the summer transfer window. The 25-year-old spent last season on loan at MK Dons. He has previously had spells at Ipswich, Bristol City, Blackpool, Doncaster and Cardiff.
Ex-Ulster Unionist MP Neil Somerville's wife has horse solarium in family business. Wood pellet boiler is used to power the solarium which heats up the horse's body. Equine Council for Northern Ireland says they are the same as a physio for humans.
Buckinghamshire's Hatton finished a shot behind Alex Noren at the Scottish Open. The 25-year-old earned a place at his first American major - the USPGA at Baltusrol. His Scottish Open payday of 429,468 euros represents the largest of his five
England made 589-8 declared and 173-1 declared at Old Trafford. Joe Root named man of the match after scoring 254 in first innings and unbeaten 71 in second. Geoffrey Boycott: "England are in a good place and will win again"
Hamill has signed a three-year contract at Rugby Park. The 27-year-old will make his 150th appearance for the Rugby Park club when he makes his second debut. Hamill played at right-back under Mixu Paatelainen before being used more in midfield.
Vonn won her 77th World Cup race, beating Lara Gut by 0.15 seconds. She is now nine behind Ingemar Stenmark's all-time record of 86 wins. The 32-year-old made her comeback last week finishing 13th in Austria.
David Cameron has said it will be 'literally decades' before Turkey joins the EU. He has said the UK has a veto over it happening, saying the agreement of every other EU member. But Mr Gove said it was 'official British government policy' for Turkey to join the bloc.
Our feature on Birmingham's homeless got many people asking how they could help. You also asked why coconuts could be seen floating down canals in the West Midlands. Here is how we got on answering your questions.
VW says it is working out how to refit the software in the 11m diesel engines involved in the emission's scandal. In Spain slightly over 3,000 new cars are affected but showrooms have been told to put them aside. Volkswagen has lost 35% of its market value
Elections for 29 governors and all 36 state assemblies are taking place. Some of Nigeria's governors control huge budgets and are among the country's most influential politicians. The vote comes two weeks after Muhammadu Buhari defeated incumbent President Goodluck Jonathan.
Neil Lennon was sent to the stand during last month's Europa League qualifying match against Brondby after remonstrating with officials. Lennon was automatically banned from the touchline for the return leg in Denmark, with Hibs losing on penalties. The 45-year-old described his dismissal
Belfast's Royal Victoria hospital was said to be 'at breaking point' two years ago. New emergency department opened in August as part of a new Â£150m critical care facility. In recent months, there has been a 10% year-on-year increase in the
Celtic boss Rodgers is targeting the domestic treble in his first season in Scotland. Duffy is the only nominee from outside the Premiership, having led the Ton to the play-offs and the League Cup semis. The winner will be announced at PFA Scotland's annual awards dinner
Canon Enid Morgan was among the first 61 women to be ordained in the Church in Wales. The first woman was made an Anglican deaconess in Usk, Monmouthshire, in 1884. Canon Joanna Penberthy will become Wales' first female bishop.
Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) is preparing a bill to put a special pension in place. Current victims' legislation in Northern Ireland from 2006 does not judge how someone became injured. It is argued former paramilitaries should be eligible to get this pension if their injuries are serious enough.
Frazier Glenn Miller Jr, 74, will be put to death by lethal injection in Kansas. He was convicted of capital murder, attempted murder and assault charges. Miller shouted 'heil Hitler' before he was removed from the courtroom.
Wigan winger Dijks has agreed a two-and-a-half-year contract with Norwich. The Dutchman helped the Latics win the League One title last season. Dijks was in Norwich last week for talks, but his agent said he would not be moving.
Prince William's last shift thought to have been on Tuesday. It has been reported he could return to his regiment in London, the Household Cavalry's Blues and Royals. The duke has said Anglesey has been a "special place" for him.
Dundee United beat Dunfermline Athletic 1-0 at East End Park. League One leaders Livingston host Welsh champions The New Saints. Ayr United visit Championship rivals St Mirren in two Sunday quarter-finals.
Morgan Owen, 24, died after being restrained on 5 December. He had also been stunned with a Taser by police two days earlier. An inquest jury concluded the death was accidental through taking cocaine.
Daron Dylon Wint, 34, was detained late Thursday in the US capital. He is accused of killing the four victims and setting the house on fire. Savvas Savopoulos, 46, chief executive of American Iron Works, was found dead in his family's home.
Malaysian Censorship board approves screening of Beauty and the Beast. Film was due for release on Thursday, but was being held for a "review" of its content. Malaysia's tourism minister has said banning the film is "ridiculous" A new release date
South Wales Police said it was called to near Llantwit Major beach. A force helicopter was used during the search with help from the coastguard. Police said the death is not being treated as suspicious and the coroner has been informed.
The Guardian last week published more than 2,000 leaked reports from the immigration centre on Nauru. These revealed widespread abuse and trauma among asylum seekers. Mr Dutton said many of the reports described corporal punishment of children by their parents and minor assaults by detainees on other detainees.
Arrest warrants for director of the ABC nursery and some of its management and teachers. Lawyer for the relatives said the warrants targeted the wrong people. The fire started at a warehouse in the city of Hermosillo on 5 June 2009. Forty-nine children died and more than
EElsie Frost was stabbed to death in a tunnel beneath a railway line in Wakefield. Peter Pickering was first questioned in connection with the murder in 2016. He was arrested near Newbury, in Berkshire, on Monday. The 79-year-old is also being questioned in relation
Triprebel is a German start-up that promises to be the'smartest way to book your hotel' The company's algorithm constantly checks the rates for each hotel room from the moment it is booked. A third of hotel rooms are available at a lower rate in the month after they
Diego Costa and Juan Mata left out of Spain's Euro 2016 squad. Former Porto boss Lopetegui replaced Vicente del Bosque as Spain boss in July. David de Gea, Pepe Reina, Cesar Azpilicueta, David Silva and Nolit
Mukherjee's The Lives Of Others, a sweeping account of life in 1960s Calcutta, is 5/2 favourite to win with bookmakers William Hill. It is the first year that the prize is open to all authors writing in English, regardless of nationality. The winner will be
Tomatina festival started in 1945. Town will launch its first ever tomato-based obstacle course, the Tomatina race.
Stella actor Julian Lewis Jones pulled the mako out of the water near Milford Haven. Average mako will grow up to 10ft (3m) in length and can weigh up to 300lbs (135kg) The shark weighed in at around 200lbs (90kg) and
Three-year-old gorilla Lope filmed dancing at Twycross Zoo in Leicestershire. More than one million people have watched the video on Facebook.
In sport security often becomes the story. The 'to go or not to go' dilemma is shared by competitors, journalists and spectators. We all have to answer the fundamental question, 'is it safe?' There are two differing approaches to security at events considered to be a risk.
Scottish government said number of nurses and midwives had risen by 5.2% since 2006. Royal College of Nursing said the Scottish government needed to take action now. They said rising demand and insufficient nursing staff were putting patient care at risk.
We Were There was written in support of England's World Cup finals campaign in Spain. Mr Wragg, 82, said the song was about to be released when the Falklands conflict broke out.
Program scours internet for printers that don't have basic security controls on. It makes devices print a warning urging owners to cut off remote access. Attack comes after a German academic study found vulnerabilities in a range of printers. Many people posted pictures of the printed messages to social media.
Man needed hospital treatment after incident on New Year's Day. Police Scotland said a 15-year-old boy had been charged. The teenager is expected to appear at Aberdeen Sheriff Court.
Macclesfield up to seventh in the table, seven points outside the play-off places. Wrexham remain 15th.
David Cameron has said all "national parties" must be represented at the debates. The plans put forward by the BBC, Sky News, ITV and Channel 4 in October would include the Conservatives, Labour, Lib Dems and UKIP. One would feature a head-to-head between Mr Cameron and Labour
Thousands of people who lived in the Jungle camp in Calais, France, were moved out last week. They have now been taken to centres all over France, where they will be processed. However, around 1,500 children still remained living at the camp in temporary shelters. These children have
Abdul Fattah al-Sisi overthrew President Mohammed Morsi last July. He has since been pursuing a crackdown on Mr Morsi's Muslim Brotherhood. Liberal and secular activists shunned the 26-28 May poll in protest at curtailing of civil rights.
Tom Bradshaw slotted home to put Barnsley in front. Sam Winnall doubled the lead by heading his 11th of the season. Jacques Maghoma pulled one back before the interval. Barnsley defender Marc Roberts was sent off for fouling Che Adams. Luk
The scheme, developed by the Open University, monitors students' paths through courses. It assesses the likelihood of a student submitting their next assignment by using four algorithms. The more algorithms that indicate the student will not send in their work - the higher the chance of that happening.
Daphne Corboz and Jane Ross scored in second-half stoppage time. Nikita Parris hit the post for the hosts. Steph Houghton's curling free-kick was well kept out by Sophie Baggaley.
Detentions by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency jumped to 41,318 between January 22 of this year and the end of April. That was up from 30,028 arrests in about the same period last year. Almost two-thirds of those arrested this year had criminal convictions,
Gayle was responding to a question from Ten Sport's Melanie McLaughlin. He said: "To see your eyes for the first time is nice. Hopefully we can have a drink afterwards. Don't blush" Melanie McLaughlin replied: "I'm not blushing" The Big
Customs officials became suspicious after finding the man's suitcase contained six pairs of trainers. The drug had been injected into the soles of the sports shoes to look like shock-absorbing gel. Arrest followed a random check on passengers arriving at Rome's main airport from Sao Paulo, Brazil
Special forces and local police will begin a phased withdrawal from Wardak province. Afghan security forces will take over on a district-by-district basis. US special forces have been accused of committing atrocities in the area. Isaf has denied the allegations but President Hamid Karzai
Kirsty Williams said there was an "urgency" for universities to "recapture a civic mission" She said the referendum exposed the "distance between campus and community" Conservatives said she had offered some "nuggets of wisdom" but was "exaggerating a sense of
Much of India's milk is collected from small farms across the country. Some of it is even mixed with chemicals like urea in attempt to increase the quantity and fat content.
Rick Astley, ABC, The Stars from The Commitments and The Rezillos were to play. Doonhamers hosted their first concert last year when Status Quo were the headline act. Advanced ticket sales of just 700 compared with 5,000 sold in 2015 prompted the decision to cancel
Oracle Team USA beat Team New Zealand 9-8 to retain America's Cup. Holders Oracle had been docked two points for cheating in the build-up. Kiwis won four of the first five races before Oracle modified their boat and called in tactician Ainslie.
Swansea City beat Manchester City 2-1 in the EFL Cup on Wednesday night. Rangel says City manager Pep Guardiola is a'maestro' at what he does. The Spaniard says Swansea must "go back to basics" if they are to start winning games.
Massaro will take on Perry in the first all-English women's final since 1991. Matthew beat Egypt's top seed Mohamed Elshorbagy to reach final. He will face Frenchman Gregory Gaultier in Sunday's final in Hull.
Ilex was set up in 2003 to regenerate two former Army bases in Derry and Belfast. It was shut down in March amid accusations it failed to deliver enough investment and jobs. In March, 18 Ilex workers were made redundant and the bases handed over to council. Nine of those
NHS Highland asked people to avoid the site last week after 50 people fell ill. Three wards remained closed to new admissions and visitors but the rest of the hospital was open. Tests have confirmed the presence of the bug in wards 7C, 2C and 2A.
Nick Hedges took the images for housing charity Shelter in the 1960s and 1970s. He said the conditions some families lived in "shocked me to the core" An exhibition will be held later this year in Sheffield, Birmingham and Manchester to mark Shelter's 50th year.
Nadine Foster, 18, was a passenger in a Ford Focus when it hit a wall in Stourbridge. She was taken to hospital but died a few days later, police said. Dylan Stringer, 22, and Joseph Chance, 24, are accused of causing death by dangerous
Condor Liberation struck the quayside at St Peter Port, Guernsey. The vessel has been out of service for repairs since the crash on 28 March.
Dylan Marcus Edwards, 50, admitted causing suffering to Cali the cat. The cat defecated in the Royal Oak Hotel kitchen in Betws-y-Coed in December. Edwards and a colleague entered the kitchen saying "we're going to have to kill the cat"
MyFerryLink workers strike over sale of ships to DFDS at short notice. Migrant activity reported to have increased at Calais. Part of the M20 has been closed as lorries queue to cross the Channel. Eurostar services suspended after protesters get on to tracks.
Whistleblower claims Team Sky continued to inject riders despite UCI ban in 2011. Team Sky had been renowned for their robust no-needle stance. One of the substances said to have been injected is Fluimucil, at the heart of the Wiggins controversy. British cyclist
Tracy Brewster's cat Marmalade went missing from her Maidstone home in July. The 13-year-old ginger cat was found nearly four months later in Surrey. Jonathan Brewster was found not guilty of theft at Sevenoaks Magistrates' Court.
David dropped his H sounds at the start of words far less often than before move to the US. In a separate video study of wife Victoria, the ex-Spice Girl was found to be 'definitely getting posher' University of Manchester study examined footage of the footballer before and after
Racing and Stade Francais plan to merge for 2017-18 season. Proposed merger has yet to be approved by French league authorities. Wales legend Dan Phillips says he is "massively surprised" by the news. Phillips played for Racing for two and a half seasons.
Unicode has approved adding the flags to the next release of emojis in June. Apple, Google, Microsoft and Facebook will be able to introduce the flags from July. A UK flag is already available on smartphones and other devices.
Initial rally in the pound faded as it became clear Scotland would vote against leaving the union. RBS confirmed it would not be moving its registered head office to Scotland. Lloyds Banking Group shares climbed nearly 2% in early trade before slipping back.
MSPs on the Equalities and Human Rights Committee said more needed to be done to tackle the problem in schools. Committee convener Christina McKelvie said it had heard "gut-wrenching" evidence from young people during its inquiry into the issue. But she stressed there
Police Scotland alerted Benbecula Community Council to the scam earlier this week. Sent from Italy, the email involves a fake story about an African man trying to transfer his inheritance. The use of Gaelic in the email is poor, according to speakers on the isles.
27-year-old was released by Carlisle United at the end of the 2015-16 campaign. Midfielder made more than 150 appearances for Dale before joining Tranmere in 2012. Rochdale began 2016-17 with a 3-2 home defeat by Peterborough.
The crash happened at Evanton at about 17:20 on Saturday. The fire service and the air ambulance was sent to the scene. Occupants of all three vehicles were injured, but the extent of their injuries was not known.
Rugby Borough Council meet with Coventry City to discuss club's planning application. The Sky Blues currently play in Coventry's Ricoh Arena, owned by Wasps. Club's owners, Sisu, have been involved in a long-running stand off with the previous owners.
Timm van der Gugten was the leading wicket-taker with a haul of 82 in 2016. County hope Colin Ingram and Chris Cooke will be fit after long-standing injuries. Jacques Rudolph had a disappointing summer with just 659 Championship runs. Aneurin
Hooker missed England's Six Nations campaign with back injury. The 29-year-old was out of contention for the tour to Australia in June. Youngs was replaced as England's captain by Dylan Hartley. He will mark his recovery by taking over as Leicester club captain.
Leigh Halfpenny was taken off on a stretcher in the second half. Kurtley Beale kicked three penalties to Wales full-back's two. Wales will drop out of the top eight in the world rankings ahead of the 2015 World Cup draw.
Net migration target, set by David Cameron in 2010, has never been met. Recent figures put net migration at 273,000 and the PM indicated in April she would stick with the aim. Rudd said things had changed since 2015 because of the UK leaving the European Union.
Rangers beat Aberdeen 2-1 in Glasgow. Kenny Miller and Lee Hodson scored the goals for the hosts. Clint Hill and Ryan Jack were sent off for Rangers. Andrew Considine scored a late consolation for Derek McInnes' side.
Tory leader says the debate must now widen to the rest of the UK. Scotland to have draft legislation published on its power on tax, spending and welfare by January. Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb has been pushing to ensure Wales is not left behind. David Cameron says English votes for
Nottingham University is developing a quick and easy test to do in clinics. Could mean much earlier diagnosis and better treatments, they said. The test uses some proteins that have been strongly linked with Alzheimer's disease. It could be a decade before it is used in patients.
Ship boasts 23 swimming pools, 10,000 plants and a 10-storey high water slide. Set to set off on its first cruise at the end of May.
Reading have confirmed that six loan players have returned to their clubs. The loan players include Andrew Taylor, Ola John, Alex Fernandez and Matej Vydra. Michael Hector and Lucas Piazon left the club last month.
Peta wants the mascot to be replaced with a modern animal-friendly version. The original Jolly Fisherman poster was commissioned by the Great Northern Railway in 1908. It featured the slogan "Skegness is so bracing" and has become synonymous with the resort. Dawn Carr
Depardieu said he loved Russia, calling it "a great democracy" In an open letter, he said he would give up his French passport to avoid higher taxes. Prime Minister Jean-Marc Ayrault had called Depardieu's decision to leave the country "shabby"
Dutch number three seed Noppert, 26, will play England's number 10 seed Darryl Fitton in the last four. England's Waites, a two-time winner, was seeded sixth for this year's tournament. Number one seed Glen Durrant takes on fellow Englishman Jamie Hughes
Swansea are looking for a new manager following the departure of Bob Bradley. Ryan Giggs, Chris Coleman and Gary Rowett were all targets for the Swans. Alan Curtis believes the club's next manager should be British and have Premier League experience.
McCann left the club three days ago having guided them to Premiership safety. The 42-year-old had indicated he was going back to his previous role as a television pundit. McCann took over from the sacked Paul Hartley on 18 April with the club sitting in the relegation play-
Moseley Road Baths in Birmingham and Wentworth Woodhouse near Rotherham, Yorkshire, are listed on the 2016 World Monuments Watch. The list hails the pools as a "rare survival" and the mansion an "architectural masterpiece" Maintenance bills threaten both.
1914 - Cyprus annexed by Britain, after more than 300 years of Ottoman rule. 1960 - Cyprus gains independence after Greek and Turkish communities agree on constitution. 1974 - Military junta in Greece backs coup against Archbishop Makarios. Turkish forces occupy third of island, enforce partition between north and south
Douglas Ross was an assistant referee at Sporting Lisbon v Real Madrid. But it meant he was unable to attend a justice committee meeting in the Scottish Parliament. Mr Ross earns up to Â£40,000 a year as a self-employed specialist assistant referee. He is also a councillor
Amorphophallus Titanum has the heaviest corm ever recorded (153.9kgs) Horticulturist Sadie Barber was gifted the corm in 2003 by Hortus Botanicus in Leiden, Netherlands. The plant has so far reached an impressive height of 255
Gender Identity Development Service says 969 under-18s referred in UK in 2015-16. This compares to just 94 in 2009-10 and 94 in 2010-11. Five-year-old Nottinghamshire boy recently returned to classroom as a girl. Nottinghamshire County Council
Bolivians were asked to vote on a change to the country's constitution. Presidents and vice-presidents are limited to two consecutive five-year terms. President Evo Morales was allowed to run for a third term in 2014. With almost all the votes counted, the "
The 29-year-old spent the majority of last season on loan with Wolves. He previously played 211 league games for the Molineux side between 2008 and 2015. "Richard was our number one target throughout the summer," says Wilder.
Seven riders crossed with safety barrier down, but were not sanctioned for breaking race rules. Race organisers said the peloton were 10m from the barrier as it started to descend. Sir Bradley Wiggins finished 18th in his final race for Team Sky.
The Pacific Northwest Seismic Network recorded five separate seismic events. The Seahawks won the game at CenturyLink Field 34-7. CenturyLink Field set a Guinness World Record for noise in September.
Sponsors Adidas, Gazprom, Hyundai-Kia, McDonald's, Budweiser, Coca-Cola and Visa signed their deals to sponsor the World Cup. Fifa's six top tier Global Partners (as was - it is now five) paid a total of $177m (Â£
England head coach Eddie Jones says Wales have scrummaged illegally during Six Nations. Jones says his side have a stronger scrum, adding if the laws are enforced England will get an advantage. Wales forwards coach Robin McBryde says England's Joe Marler is a frequent infringer
Glen Evans was left with a broken nose and his bride Georgina was punched. Lee Doyle, 37, of Houghton Regis denied punching the groom. He and Gary Hutson, 46, of Luton, both charged with affray, were guests at another wedding. Arg
Danny Kent and Sam Lowes become first two British riders to win on same day since 1977. Ducati's Andrea Dovizioso finishes second and Valentino Rossi third in Texas. Kent won by over 8.5 seconds from Fabio Quartararo.
Operation took place in Nowzad district in Helmand province. Two insurgents were killed and many were detained in the raid. It came amid the Taliban's annual spring offensive, which has seen heavy fighting. In December a similar operation led to the release of 40 people.
Indonesia has undergone a resurgence since the 1997 Asian financial crisis. It is one of the world's major emerging economies. But investors are deterred by poor infrastructure, rampant corruption and growing calls for economic protectionism.
Sainsbury's like-for-like sales fell 1.1% in the 16 weeks to 24 September. Total sales fell 0.4%, but the UK's second-largest supermarket said it was continuing to make progress. Chief executive Mike Coupe said he was confident its strategy would
Previous genetic tests looked at a small number of genes and were only able to identify specific conditions, leading to higher costs and longer diagnosis time. Researchers say new test, which looks at 174 genes, is quicker and more reliable. It has already been rolled out at the Royal Brompton and Hare
Mason Crane took 3-21 as the hosts restricted Glamorgan to 118-6 on a slow pitch. Captain James Vince (60 not out) saw Hampshire home with six overs to spare. Middlesex posted 147-6 thanks to Stevie Eskinazi's 57 not out
Roman Repec, 35, appeared at Peterhead Sheriff Court charged with wilful fireraising. He made no plea and was remanded in custody.
Photographs show Balachandran Prabhakaran eating chocolate on a bench. Campaigning group says they are proof the boy was summarily executed. Military spokesman denies allegations, calling them 'lies, half-truths and rumours'
Thomas Muller and Mario Gotze put Bayern 2-0 up after 12 minutes. David Silva pulled one back for Manuel Pellegrini's side. Aleksandar Kolarov equalised with a penalty after James Milner was tripped. James Milner's fine finish won it
Susan Nicholson, 52, and Caroline Devlin, 35, died in separate incidents in 2006. Both were treated as not suspicious at the time of Robert Trigg's murder conviction. Initial investigations found nothing suspicious but Ms Nicholson's family refused to believe police. They started a five-year
The 1997 British and Irish Lions tour of South Africa is 20 years old. Two decades on, a BBC Radio 5 Live programme has brought together the men who made it and those who became its unwitting stars. This is the inside story of the ultimate inside story.
Tameside and Glossop Integrated Care NHS Foundation Trust was placed in special measures in 2013. CQC's 2015 report said this should be lifted but it'required improvement' in some areas. Chief inspector of hospitals, Sir Mike Richards, said trust has 'worked hard to address issues
Tata Steel Europe is one of India's oldest and biggest conglomerates. Falling steel demand post-global financial crisis has hit its European operations hard. Chairman Cyrus Mistry has been trying to turn around the company since December 2012. Tata will be wary of the impact on
Deportivo won just two of their last 22 league games. They were beaten 8-0 at home by Barcelona on 20 April. Sanchez signed a contract extension in January to remain in charge until end of next season.
Spelman College in Atlanta, Georgia, had provisionally suspended the position last year when the allegations first emerged. It is now returning what remains of the original $20m (Â£13m) donation. The Cosby family donated the money to the women's college in 1988.
Elina Svitolina beats Garbine Muguruza in straight sets in semi-final. Simona Halep thrashed 6-1 6-2 by Ukraine's Elina Svilitolina in the other semi. Caroline Wozniacki saw off Stephens 6-
A lorry ploughed into Catherine Bonner's flat in Main Road, Fairlie, on Thursday. A 55-year-old man who also lived in the flats continues to be treated for minor injuries. The A78 through the village is expected to remain closed until early next week
Police were targeted with fireworks, while motorists described "petrol bombs" being thrown at cars. Three teenagers - aged 16 to 17 - sentenced to five months' custody at Cwmbran Youth Court. Two 13-year-olds handed non-custodial 12-month referral
Frankie Dettori wins the 2000 Guineas for the third time in his career. The Italian jockey crossed to the rail side to win by one and a half lengths. Favourite Air Force Blue never challenged and was a distant 12th of the 13 runners.
Bill bans all types of geospatial information, maps, raw data or photographs. Offenders could be fined up to 1bn rupees (Â£10.4m) Government says rules will not create barriers to business if the bill became law. Critics say the definition of ge
The Tour Championship is the final event of the Race to Dubai. Rory McIlroy stumbled to a three-over-par 75 to lie joint 55th in a 60-man field. The 27-year-old has never finished worse than 11th in his seven appearances at J
Portrait of Gambian Ayuba Suleiman Diallo, by artist William Hoare, has never been seen in public. Heritage Lottery Fund, The Art Fund and the NPG will all contribute to the total cost, which is £555,000.
Hearings were due to start in September but have been put back because of other inquiries. Leicestershire Police and the IPCC are investigating people allegedly linked to the case. 33 alleged victims of Lord Janner have now been granted core participant status in the inquiry.
More than 2,300 seats are up for grabs in county councils and unitary authorities across the length and breadth of England. The Conservatives and Labour are putting up candidates in most seats, with 2,263 and 2,168 respectively. UKIP is fielding 1,745 candidates, three times as many
Last remnants of Israel's recently installed security apparatus were taken away on Thursday morning. Palestinians had fiercely objected to the measures introduced after the killing of two Israeli policemen. They had refrained from entering the Old City complex known to Muslims as Haram al-Sharif and to Jews as the Temple Mount
Jhanvi Ahuja was visiting the India Gate monument in Delhi with her family when she disappeared. She was found on Sunday night with a placard around her neck with her name and uncle's number. A passer-by who found her called her family and informed the police.
First foot was found by dog walkers in Weston Park East, Bath, in February. Second found in a garden in nearby Cranwells Park two weeks ago. Third foot, found on 5 August, is still undergoing tests. Police say they do not believe a crime has been committed
Supporters say scheme will improve traffic flow and ensure "less stressful driving" Opponents claim it will increase congestion and affect the environment. "Emergency Refuge Areas" will be put in place every 2.5 km (1.6 miles) so drivers can come off hard shoulder.
Three-month tests of 137 island homes, 73 in Guernsey and 64 in Jersey. 99 of the homes tested were below target levels and 14 above. Radon occurs naturally in areas with a large amount of granite.
The Labour-run authority said it was implementing the cuts "with a heavy heart" Plans include relocating the town's Central Library and cutting back on Citizens Advice Bureau. The council will also work with traders to find a private buyer for the Victorian indoor market.
Essex closed day one on 243-2, with Tom Westley unbeaten on 111. Hampshire had Essex 0-1 when Nick Browne was caught off the bowling of Fidel Edwards. Kyle Abbott finally ended their stand, bowling Westley with the last ball of the day.
South Yorkshire Police and Humberside Police to merge their dog units. South Yorkshire force will halve the size of its current dog unit, with 12 officers and dogs lost. Humberside Police said it currently had 12 dogs and handlers. New operation will have two bases in Sheffield and
Albert Newman drove for 30 miles in the wrong carriageways on the M42, A42 and M1. Inquest heard one force had no motorway patrols on duty and another failed to notice licence had been revoked. Dementia patient Mr Newman crashed his Mazda Premacy into
Linfield progress to the second round of the Europa League. Jordan Stewart scored the only goal of the game in the final minute of normal time. Linfield will host Celtic in the second leg on Friday 14 July. Celtic announced they would not take supporters to Belfast because of safety
Alun Davies said 7,000 responses to a consultation had "strongly held" views. He said he would now look at existing marine protected areas to see if improvements could be made. Marine Conservation Society described it as an "embarrassing U-turn" for the Welsh government
The 32-year-old ex-Celtic and Brighton winger joined the Hatters on a two-year deal last summer. Paddy has had to face up to some personal problems in recent weeks, says Nathan Jones.
The 29-year-old officer suffered a leg injury when he was hit by the Audi 4. The car was later traced and a man was arrested. He is expected to appear at Hamilton Sheriff Court on Friday.
Forensic expert Susan Williamson was giving evidence at the trial of William Burns and Alexander Porter, who deny attacking Russell Findlay. High Court in Glasgow heard she examined a jacket, mail bag, a knife and a jar that had contained acid. Jury was told DNA matching Mr Burns was found on the
HebCelt is taking place in Stornoway and will run until Saturday night. This year's acts include The Waterboys, Imelda May, Lucy Spraggan and Skerryvore.
Fourteen of the women who entered convents in 2014 were aged 30 or under. Church says women are being drawn to religious life because of a 'gap in the market for meaning in our culture' In the 1980s around 80 women were becoming nuns each year but the numbers gradually declined until 2004
Wolves forward Zyro faces surgery on knee injury. 23-year-old suffered damage to both the cruciate and lateral knee ligaments. The Poland international was injured in Tuesday's 2-1 win at MK Dons. Wolves have lost Razak Boukari,
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 38, was detained in April last year. She was trying to leave the country with her two-year-old daughter. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, said his wife's detention was a "stain" on Iran. He said
Bradford City beat Chesham United 4-0 in the first round of the FA Cup. Chesham reach the second round for the first time by beating League Two Bristol Rovers. The Bantams shocked Chelsea in last season's quarter-final by reaching the last eight.
Wendy Sewell was found battered in a Bakewell cemetery in 1973. Stephen Downing admitted beating her with a pickaxe handle but later retracted that statement, only to be found guilty by a jury. Derbyshire police said the case was closed after a reinvestigation in 2002. Chris
Cerys Yemm, 22, was killed by Matthew Williams, 34, in November 2014. Williams was Tasered by police and later died at the Sirhowy Arms. PC Kelda Griffiths said Williams 'didn't seem human' She said: 'It was like something
Venezuelan president accused OAS chief Almagro of being a CIA agent and a traitor himself. Almagro also called Mr Maduro a "petty dictator" in a series of Twitter posts addressed directly to Mr Maduro. He urged Mr Maduro to allow a recall referendum to go ahead
Royal Berkshire Fire Authority announced closure of Pangbourne station in West Berkshire. The closure of Wargrave station in Wokingham Borough was deferred for a year. West Berkshire Conservative councillor Emma Webster said residents will remain safe.
It is not impossible that our decision to leave the European Union could end up being judged in the European Court in Luxembourg. That same court so despised by Eurosceptics could, in theory, fight to keep us in their clutches. The government is already fighting a challenge in the courts to
Leah Kerry was found unconscious at Bakers Park in Newton Abbot, Devon. Jacob Khanlarian, 20, charged with two counts of intent to supply a class A drug. He entered no plea and was remanded in custody by Plymouth magistrates.
Bonus Bonds are an investment that pays out thousands of prizes to savers. The child's Bonus Bonds account was reportedly set up when he was born with just NZ$250 ($180) worth of bonds, given by a relative. ANZ bank confirmed the win but said it was respecting the family
Olly Mehew signs first professional contract with Forest Green. The 18-year-old was a trainee at Bristol Rovers. Forest Green finished second in the National League in 2015-16.
Asia's biggest commodities trader by volume issues profit warning on Tuesday. Firm expects $1.2bn in asset impairment charges as coal prices remain at "lower levels for an extended period of time" Coal prices are at near nine-year lows because of slowing demand from China and global
Detective Botha was removed pending the result of an investigation into seven counts of attempted murder. National police commissioner Mangwashi Phiyega announced the change after a third day of testimony at Mr Pistorius's bail hearing. Mr Pistorius, 26, denies murdering his girlfriend Reeva Steen
Kirsty Williams has been a member of the Welsh Assembly since it was created in 1999. At 28, she was one of the youngest AMs elected. After the 2007 election, she successfully opposed her party entering into a so-called rainbow coalition with the Conservatives and Plaid Cymru
Only five of 28 Nato members spend 2% of their annual income on defence. White House has warned US could'moderate' commitment to 70-year-old alliance. Ministry of Defence is facing a Â£10bn budget shortfall in the next decade. Sir Michael said UK spending was
The eight unnamed people were among 170 people identified by investigators. They included 59 photographers and make-up artists, 58 models and 51 fashion salon managers and designers. Women in Iran have been required to cover their hair in public since 1979. The arrests were announced by the court's prosecutor Jav
Lizzie Armitstead finished in the peloton to extend her overall lead over South Africa's Ashleigh Moolman-Pasio to eight seconds. The 2014 winner Vos won the 119km stage from Nottingham to Stoke in a sprint finish. Sunday's 113.2km final
Greater Manchester Police spoke to the 42-year-old in Failsworth on Saturday. The woman had minor facial injuries and a 57 year old man was arrested on suspicion of assault. Police later returned to the property to take a statement from the woman but found her dead. A
Stella was seized by Devon and Cornwall Police in 2014 and kept in a cage. Police said the dog was "deemed too dangerous to walk due to her aggressive behaviour" A campaign to save Stella has gained momentum with more than 20,000 signatures. Rescue centre Animals R Family
Chinese melodrama Mystery named best film at ceremony. Nora Aunor, 59, and Eddie Garcia, 87, named best actress and actor respectively. Japan's Takeshi Kitano named best director in absentia for Outrage Beyond. Crouching Tiger, Hidden Dragon actress
Emma Pooley will target the time trial at the 2016 Olympic Games in Rio. The 33-year-old will support Lizzie Armitstead in the road race. Pooley won two silver medals at the 2014 Commonwealth Games. Sir Bradley Wiggins says he wants to keep
David Ellam, 52, was attacked as he walked his Yorkshire terrier, Rolo. Aaron Joseph, 29, denied being the owner of a dog dangerously out of control. Mr Joseph was released on bail and a trial date has been set for 5 February.
Jaz Oberoi said he was 'accommodating' when police found the wires in his bag. He was allowed back on the Paddington-bound train, only to be removed again for further questioning. Thames Valley Police said its officers had supported British Transport Police.
Portugal's Jewish community once numbered in the tens of thousands has shrunk to just 1,000. Thousands of Sephardic Jews were forced off the Iberian peninsula, first from Spain and then from Portugal. Many of those who fled to other parts of Europe or to America continued to speak
Duchess of Strathearn joined dozens of school pupils and teachers at a tennis workshop. Earlier she took part in a sing-along on a visit to an Edinburgh school. The events were part of a tour by Catherine of school-based charities in the city.
Wimbledon still require two points from their last two matches to cement their spot in the play-offs. Gary Roberts and Andy Barcham both had chances in the second half.
In the year to the end of March, 57 victims of homicide were recorded. This is the lowest number of recorded homicide cases for a single 12-month period since 1976. Sharp instrument remained the most common method of killing in Scotland.
Hull FC host Castleford Tigers in Super League final eight. Leeds Rhinos travel to Featherstone Rovers in a local derby. Wakefield Trinity travel to Salford Red Devils.
NI families have £105 a week discretionary income, the lowest of any UK region. Rising oil prices, higher inflation and a weakened pound have slowed spending power growth. Food prices in December were 0.8% higher than in November, but cheaper than this time last year.
Lewis Hamilton wins Italian Grand Prix at Monza. Mercedes team-mate Valtteri Bottas finishes in one-two. Sebastian Vettel finishes third and is three points behind Hamilton in title race. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo fights back from 16th
David Baird has charted Whitehead's progress for many years. The athlete set records for the fastest marathon for a double amputee. He successfully defended his Paralympic gold medal in the 200m T42 in Rio. Mr Baird's exhibition will be at Sneinton Market,
Labour's new leader said he wanted the weekly sessions to be less "theatrical" Mr Cameron agreed there should be more focus on "substantial issues" Jeremy Corner asked about housing, tax credits and mental health service cuts. BBC's Norman Smith said it was much cal
Floods have killed at least 10 people in Limpopo province. The crocodiles escaped from the Rakwena Crocodile Farm. Many of the crocodiles have been recaptured, but more than half are still on the loose.
The European Offshore Wind Deployment Centre (EOWDC) project is a joint venture by utility company Vattenfall, engineering firm Technip and Aberdeen Renewable Energy Group (Areg) The project is aimed at providing enough energy for more than 49,000 homes.
Drop-off point could be widened to provide a walkway on the right side for foreign-registered coaches. Residents have expressed concerns coaches are avoiding the town. The work would cost Â£85,910.
RBS said about 600,000 payments were affected. It said it had now identified and fixed the underlying problem. In 2012, the RBS group was hit by a major IT meltdown that led to a large fine.
German prosecutors say they have found the man's number on the phone of Anis Amri. Amri killed 12 people by ramming a lorry into market shoppers in Berlin last month. He was shot dead by police in Milan early last Friday, four days on from the attack.
Cardiff are one point off the top six in seventh with nine games to play. Slade has previously taken Grimsby, Yeovil and Leyton Orient to play-off finals in lower divisions. Cardiff boss started his managerial career as caretaker boss at Notts County in
Comar's board said funding restrictions made it necessary to reduce three posts to one. Equity blames poor business planning and is calling on the board to resign. Public meeting about the decision is to be held in Tobermory next week.
European and African leaders agree to reduce flow of people into Europe. Meeting was planned after 800 migrants died when their boat sank off Libya in April. EU Council President Donald Tusk said the summit had agreed "a long list of very concrete actions to be implemented by the end of 2016"
Wind power saved the UK Â£579 million in fossil fuel costs in 2013. UK recognised for having the best wind resource in Europe. Report says wind farms replacing end-of-life coal and nuclear plants reduces costs. Britain established world's first legally binding climate change target in 2008
NHS England to publish earnings of doctors working for the NHS. The private market is worth £4.6bn a year, according to market analysts Laing Buisson. Average basic salary for NHS work is £89,000 in England. But this ignores a number of ways doctors
Sam Boulton, 26, was hit by a van at about 13:20 BST on 27 July. He later died in hospital from his injuries. Leicestershire Police said a 50-year-old man was questioned and released.
Rhys Priestland's early penalty, followed by conversions of tries for both Leroy Houston and Ollie Devoto gave Bath a 17-0 lead. Despite Irish scrum-half Brendan McKibbin's red card, Scott Steele's try whittled it back to 17-7
The 1962 document is said to be one of the most important contracts in popular music. It is the only managerial contract signed by both the final line-up of the Beatles and their manager. A powder blue Fender Stratocaster played by Eric Clapton sold for £45,000
Tel Aviv is Israel's largest city and commercial centre but it is also a popular place to relax or party. It has taken a psychological adjustment for locals to realise that they too are now within the firing range of certain Palestinian rockets. "For Tel Aviv people this is a bit of a shock
Cole Doyle and his family had planned a trip to Costa Rica. But the first leg of the journey was overbooked. The family travelled to two other airports and spent an extra C$1,000 (Â£590) Air Canada has now offered them compensation.
Report by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) found that Northern Irish pupils were more satisfied with their lives than their counterparts elsewhere in the UK. They had an average satisfaction score of 7.24 on a scale from nought to 10, close to the OECD average of
Air traffic controllers expect to manage a record 770,000 flights in UK airspace over the summer - 40,000 more than last year. But the ability of the the UK's National Air Traffic Control Service (Nats) to deal with this surge is being stretched to the limit, it is claimed
A warrant canary is a statement saying a website has not received secret requests for user data. It is named after the birds that were taken down mineshafts to alert workers to toxic gases. Reddit, Adobe and Tumblr are among the sites that have published warrant canaries.
The competition organised by village leaders in Bibipur, Haryana attracted nearly 800 entries. Haryana has one of India's lowest gender ratios, with 877 women for every 1,000 men. This, say experts, is the result of illegal sex-selective abortions,
CCTV footage appears to show soldiers looting mobile phone store. Kenyan military says it is investigating the allegations. Footage emerges as Kenyan authorities recover body of fourth attacker. At least 67 people died when suspected al-Shabab militants stormed shopping centre.
Seven miles of shoreline affected by flooding in Great Yarmouth, Gorleston and Scratby. Before Christmas council took away potentially hazardous material, including fridges and freezers. Now workers are left with glass, wire and wood to dispose of. Council hopes to recoup
Public Health Wales said 21 of the 35 residents at the unidentified home had been ill since 10 April. It is unclear if the flu-like illness caused the death. Earlier this week, it was revealed that two people had died after a flu outbreak at two Swansea nursing homes.
Flash Gordon star came across a woman in labour in London's Richmond Park. Z Cars star rushed over to her and helped her through labour. "I was wrapping her, wiping her, 'It's all right darling,' and I was licking the baby's face," he said.
Dr Ian Paterson denies 20 counts of wounding with intent against nine women and one man at Nottingham Crown Court. Paterson said he had never told alleged victims they had "a ticking bomb" of cancer inside them. He said the phrase appears in three witness statements which was "clear evidence" statements have
Team set off from Alaska to draw attention to melting sea ice. 3,500 mile journey ahead.
Google's shares jumped 7.5% in after-market trading as traders welcomed better-than-expected results. Advertisers pay Google only if a user clicks on one of their ads. Google's ad revenue has been under pressure as consumers access its services on mobile devices.
Senga is trained by Pascal Bary and ridden by 39-year-old Frenchman Stephane Pasquier. Dettori, 46, was competing for the first time since he was thrown from his mount before racing at Great Yarmouth on Tuesday. Sistercharlie
Gateshead beat Wrexham 2-1 in the Tyne-Wear League One clash. Josh Gillies and Ryan Bowman scored the goals for the hosts. Sean Newton equalised for the visitors with a fine free-kick.
The Philippines brought the case to the Permanent Court of Arbitration. It says China's "nine-dash line" demarcating its territorial claims is unlawful under UNCLOS convention. Taiwan rejected the tribunal's findings, saying the ruling had "seriously damaged" its rights.
Mahmoud Amir Alagha is working in four dimensions to study facial paralysis. He is using technology developed in Scotland to capture 3D images of moving faces. His research is supported by the university which awarded him a scholarship. As a refugee from Syria, he applied for permission to
54-year-old man died at St John's Hospital in Livingston on Saturday. He had suffered head injuries during an incident in King Street, Bathgate. Arrested man is due to appear at Livingston Sheriff Court on Monday.
Leyton Orient have been sold by Francesco Becchetti to a consortium. Nigel Travis has been appointed as chairman of the club. Former owner Barry Hearn will retain ownership of Brisbane Road stadium.
The Fixed Term Parliaments Act was introduced after the 2010 election. The discretion of prime ministers to pick the timing of elections was removed. It provides two mechanisms by which an early election could be triggered. Taking each in turn, the government does not have the numbers on its own to
South Oxfordshire District Council's headquarters in Crowmarsh Gifford was one of three properties wrecked in blazes on Thursday. A 47-year-old man has been charged with arson and is in custody. About 400 people normally work at the fire-damaged council site.
Ambulance trusts paid private companies and voluntary organisations £68.7m to attend emergency calls in 2015-6. NHS England said 999 calls for ambulances rose 4.5% last year. Contractors include private firms and charities such as St John Ambulance and the British Red Cross
Divock Origi opened the scoring for Liverpool in the 15th minute. Roberto Firmino doubled the Reds' lead before half-time. Tom Naylor inadvertently put the ball in his own net after the break to make it 3-0. Substitute Daniel Sturridge
Danielle Hazell was injured in training on Monday. She will be replaced in the squad by fellow off-spinner Laura Marsh. Hazell's place in the side for Tuesday's game with India went to Rebecca Grundy.
Former Newcastle United defender Taylor has joined Portman Road. The 31-year-old has joined the Championship side until the end of the season. Taylor played under the late Sir Bobby Robson during his time at St James' Park.
Girl, 16, was raped at an unknown address in the Bolton area. She has worked with police to create e-fit images of the men. Detectives want to hear from anyone who recognises them.
Atkinson has made 20 appearances for the Magpies since signing in July 2015. The 22-year-old has yet to play in a League Two game this season. He could make his debut for the Heed when they travel to Guiseley on 25 October.
CIA officials told US media they had concluded that Russians hackers were trying to help Mr Trump. Mr Trump said it might have been Russia but it was impossible to know. He told Fox News the Democrats were putting out the reports because they were embarrassed. President Barack Obama has ordered a complete review
Government bond yields hit a five-month high, while shares fell 1.9%. The opposition Socialists struck a deal with two smaller far-left parties over the weekend. Prime Minister Pedro Passos Coelho's party emerged as the largest in October's election.
The 19-year-old is in her second year of competition at the Federation Internationale du Ski (FIS) snowboard cross World Cup circuit. Potter competes in Germany this weekend looking to improve on her season best finish of 26th place claimed in the USA on 21 January.
James Mackie, 30, Derek Finlay, 31, Gordon Ellis, 24, and Scott Smith, 23, raided the flat on 8 January 2015. Stolen phone with a tracking app took the police to the gang. They also made off with a haul of Â£2,500
Reid could make his Colchester debut in Wednesday's EFL Cup tie against Aston Villa. The 29-year-old made 37 appearances for the Sky Blues last season. Colchester started the season with a 3-1 defeat at Accrington on Saturday.
Cameron Toshack is the son of former Swansea manager John Toshack. Cameron is currently coaching Swansea's under-23 side in the Checkatrade Trophy. Swansea's youngsters beat three league sides to reach the quarter finals of the competition.
Living in poverty increased the likelihood of violence among both boys and girls. Government has said Scotland is becoming a safer place to live. The study tracked 4,300 young people in Edinburgh since 1998.
Shana Grice, 19, was found with her throat cut in her bedroom in August 2016. Her ex-boyfriend Michael Lane, 27, had placed a tracker device on her car, court heard. Miss Grice contacted police several times about Lane's unwanted attention before she died.
Rebelion Developments is one of the UK's largest computer games companies. Its best-selling titles include Sniper Elite and Rogue Trooper. It has also owned cult UK comic book series 2000 AD, and publishes a range of novels.
10 people infected with E. coli after eating rocket and mustard sprouts in Bordeaux. Seeds believed to have been grown from seeds sold by Thompson and Morgan. Ipswich-based company says it has no evidence of a link. Food Standards Agency says no cases of E
Hartlepool Borough's council asked the area's clinical commissioning group (CCG) to explore with the bidder how it could reach the required standard. But, the CCG said it could not lawfully treat one bidder differently. Care Fertility, which operates 15 clinics across Britain, said
The northbound carriageway was closed at 02:00 on Thursday at Castle Bromwich. It was not reopened until about 01:30 GMT on Friday at Spaghetti Junction. A 200m-length section across four lanes had to be resurfaced after a fuel spillage.
Stacey Flounders, 26, is the mother of Mr Johnson's one-year-old daughter. She told Bradford Crown Court she did not see a future in their relationship. Mr Johnson, 28, denies two counts of sexual activity with a child. He is accused of kissing
Social Mobility Commission warns of many "treadmill families running harder and harder but standing still" It points to an unfair education system, a two-tier labour market, a regionally imbalanced economy and unaffordable housing. Commission urges government to commit to building three million homes over the next
Iran has carried out several such tests since a 2015 nuclear deal which relaxed sanctions. It is not yet clear what type of missile was launched, or if it explicitly violated the UN resolution. UN Security Council is to hold a meeting on Tuesday about the missile launch, at the request of the US
Network Rail said it would provide Twitter updates of new freight lines. Major work is being carried out on the route from Good Friday to Easter Monday. Railway Magazine said firm's PR team had gone into overdrive after work overran.
Lee Haskins defends his IBF world bantamweight title against Ivan Morales. Bristol's Lee Selby is brother of current World IBF Featherweight champion Lee. Leicestershire's Andrew Selby made a dazzling start to his professional career.
Glasgow lost their opening game of the Aviva Premiership season to Northampton. Northampton won six penalties and a sin-binning from their dominance in the scrum. Kieran Brookes, at tight-head, had a field day for the Saints.
Premiership Celtic beat Motherwell 2-0 at Celtic Park. Hearts beat Hearts 1-1 in Hearts; Partick Thistle defeat Hamilton Academical. Dumbarton defeat Dumbarton 2-2 in Scottish Championship. Queen of the South defeat Dundee United 2-3
Che Adams and Billy Sharp score for Chesterfield. Blackpool can move to within a point of the Spireites if they beat Rochdale.
Wales does not have a national place-name body monitoring trends and derivations. Llên Natur conference aims to form Wales' own place name society. Historians, geographers and linguists from Wales say Welsh place names are important. Many historical, socio-economic
Shadow Welsh Secretary Owen Smith says this is'most important general election for a generation' Labour used launch to unveil its Welsh campaign pledge card. These cards have become an essential campaign tool since John Prescott took to battlebus in 1997.
Rachel Morris wins arms-shoulders single sculls gold for Great Britain. Lauren Rowles and Laurence Whiteley win trunk-and-arms mixed double scull. Lora Turnham wins B 3km individual pursuit in track cycling. Men's C1-5 team win
Met commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe has asked Sir Richard Henriques to make recommendations. Operation Midland inquiry into a 1970s and 1980s paedophile ring is among inquiries that will be examined. Force has come under fire amid claims it over-reacted to allegations. Lord Bramall
The winner will be announced at London's Guildhall at around 21:45 BST. Yanagihara's novel, the story of four college friends seeking fame and fortune in New York, is tipped to win by bookmakers William Hill and Coral. It is the second year the prize is open to
Reverend Gavin Ashenden left his position as chaplain in order to be free to criticise the move. He said the reading had caused'serious offence' The cathedral has said it is standing by its decision to allow Muslims to join the service.
Breivik is serving a minimum 21-year sentence for the bombings and shootings in Oslo and Utoeya island. He massacred 77 people, most of them teenagers at a youth camp run by Norway's governing Labour Party. The Norwegian authorities have not commented on the letter. Bre
Henrik Stenson leads Open Championship after six-under 65 from Swede. Soren Kjeldsen and Keegan Bradley three shots off the lead at Royal Troon. Andrew Johnston is highest-placed Briton on four under, recovering from triple bogey to shoot 69.
Labour's deputy leader Tom Watson has categorically denied leaking the manifesto. But sources close to the party leader and Unite leader Len McCluskey are trying to point the finger at him. They see this as an attempt to damage his reputation as he wouldn't want Labour to perform badly at
Aducanumab shown to be safe and hints that it halts memory decline. Experts are cautious because the drug is still in the early stages of development. Larger studies are now under way to fully evaluate the drug's effects.
Foyle MLA said attorney general was supposed to be above politics. Dr Caroline Gannon resigned over interventions by Mr Larkin. She investigated deaths of babies including those in the womb or stillbirths.
Countdown champion used Facebook to find Paige Rolland, 18, at her work. He admitted assaulting her with a bottle to her severe injury at Asda, Glenrothes. Brittain uploaded part of a published book of his called The World Rose onto a website called Wattpad.
Atletico Madrid finish top of La Liga after 1-1 draw against Barcelona. Diego Costa went off injured early on and Alexis Sanchez opened the scoring. Atletico came out strong in the second half and Diego Godin equalised. Barcelona would have won the title with a win
The Beatrice Offshore Windfarm Limited is being constructed in the Moray Firth at a cost of Â£2.6bn. Energy firm SSE is among the scheme's investors. A total of 84 turbines are to be installed by Seaway Heavy Lifting.
Czech national, 36, arrested after body of Rebecca Johnson, 26, was found in Lapland. Ms Johnson was a member of the Santa Safari team which works with tour operator Transun Travel. The couple lived in Scotland before moving to the Arctic for seasonal work.
The physicist's work contributed to the development of radar technology. He grew up in Swansea and graduated from Swansea University in 1930. Mr Bowen also played a key role in developing radio astronomy in the US and Australia.
Mr Jenkinson, 42, from Y Ffor, near Pwllheli in Gwynedd, suffers from panhypopituitarism. The condition has left him with just 5-10% vision in his left eye and 50% in his right. He has no
The Woodland Trust is campaigning to protect ancient or old trees in the UK. Currently around 2% of the UK is listed as ancient woodland. The UK has seen around 45 rare species of trees disappear in the last 100 years.
The surrender was the largest by Afghan security forces since Nato ended its combat mission. The Taliban have stepped up attacks during their annual spring offensive. Some officials blamed the central government for failing to send reinforcements to break the siege.
Folk music played a large part in this year's opening ceremony. Cerys Matthews is a huge fan and chose CÃ¢n Merthyr as one of her favourites. We asked ten of the leading exponents of Wales' folk music to share songs.
In 2014-15, 83% of critical care patients were discharged to another ward. The numbers treated rose by 8% to 9,700. Health boards have been told to cut delays in transfers and discharges.
The 59-year-old was the first American to manage a Premier League club. He lasted just 85 days before being sacked by the Swans in December 2016. Los Angeles will join the MLS for the 2017-18 season.
36 survivors include men, women and children who were enslaved by IS. They have been taken to UN centres in Dohuk in Kurdish northern Iraq. It is unclear whether they escaped in Iraq or were freed, as the UN declined to give more information. UN estimates 1,500 women
panic turned into a stampede as bystanders mistook selfie sticks for weapons. Eleven people treated for bruising and heart palpitations and three taken to hospital. Videos on social media showed children in tears as people around them cowered under tables. The detained women, aged between 20
BBC Sport assesses every side to have played an international match and analysed every international result. There are no English or Italian teams in our top 10 list. West Germany, West Germany, France and Argentina make the top 10. Lionel Messi, Diego Maradona and Sergio Agu
The earthquake struck between the capital city of Kathmandu and Pokhara. It had a magnitude of 7.8 - which means it was very strong. Tremors were felt in nearby countries Pakistan, Bangladesh and India.
Board of Community Health Councils refuses to say why chief executive Tony Rucinski was suspended. Emails show he raised concerns the board's chair may have been influenced by a government minister. Board chair Mutale Merrill said she does not accept the emails' content is "factually correct"
The Sovereign Military Order of Malta was founded by Brother Gerard, a Benedictine monk who opened a hospital for sick pilgrims in Jerusalem at the time of the Crusades. In 1113 Pope Paschal II formally recognised the independence of the Knights with a Papal bull, the original of which is still
Carr died in Los Angeles after complications from a rare form of dementia. She famously performed the song Sixteen Going on Seventeen. After leaving the film industry, she ran an interior design firm in California.
Ardit Ferizi pleaded guilty to charges of providing material support to America's enemies. He shared the personal data of more than 1,000 US military and government personnel. Ferizi, known online as Th3Dir3ctorY, was arrested in Malaysia in October 2015.
We asked readers to predict the top three drivers before every race this season. The vast majority of you were on the money when it came to predicting the top two. Valtteri Bottas was picked to finish second more than any other driver. Sebastian Vettel was picked
Kevin Hurley, Surrey Police and Crime Commissioner, said he considered seeking her dismissal. Concerns about public protection and child safeguarding down to 'failure of leadership' Mrs Owens said she underwent a "lengthy and thorough" NCA interview process. Home Office said she was
North Cumbria University Hospitals Trust said it was discovered over a week ago. Trust said there was "no indication that any patients have been adversely affected"
Singer Rod Stewart is knighted for services to music and charity. Prof Sue Black, a world-leading expert in forensic anthropology, becomes a dame. Lord Smith of Kelvin, who chaired cross-party commission on Scottish devolution, is made a Member of the Order of the Compan
Wales face Italy in their final World Cup warm-up game on Saturday. Northampton star scored three tries in Wales' 61-20 win over Italy in the Six Nations in March. 23-year-old North is one of 10 players retained for the starting XV against Italy.
Isabelle Prime was working as a consultant on a World Bank-funded project in Yemen. She was captured in February along with her translator Sherine Makkaoui. Ms Prime's father Jean-Noel said he was "unbelievably happy" to have his daughter back
RMT members working for CalMac are preparing to hold a second 24-hour strike. Union members within Argyll Ferries are also to walk out. Dispute triggered by tendering of Clyde and Hebrides ferry services.
England face Sri Lanka in Delhi on Saturday. Victory would secure England's place in World Twenty20 semi-finals. Sri Lanka or South Africa could finish second in Group 1 and join West Indies in last four.
More than 5,000 people are being housed in tents set up in emergency camps. The sudden flooding on Monday caught residents by surprise. Thousands of buildings, roads and bridges have been damaged or destroyed. Many parts of the country had been badly hit by heavy rains, winds and high waves.
One of the men detained is wanted by Algerian authorities for alleged links to IS. Police seized computers, mobile phones and sketches in the raids but no "smoking gun" Germany's security concerns have risen since the Paris attacks last year.
Lafferty was charged with breaching FA rule E8, which bars professional players from betting on football-related matters. The 28-year-old made one league appearance for Norwich last season. He was an unused substitute as Norwich started their Championship season with a 4-1 win over Blackburn
Thomas McMeekin crashed into a tree in Morley, near Leeds, in March. He pleaded guilty to dangerous driving and will be sentenced next month. Court heard he had advertised lifts cheaper than taxis on social media.
The man was arrested on suspicion of preparing for terrorist acts and terrorist training. He remains in custody at a south London police station. Officers are searching a property in east London.
Blackpool chairman sued Stephen Reed over material posted on fans' webzine. Mr Justice Langstaff ruled Mr Oyston was blameless and Mr Reed's allegation untrue. Verdict comes day after the club was relegated to League Two.
Second round of peace talks gets under way in Geneva on Monday. For much of first round, Lakhdar Brahimi expressed anguish over failure of humanitarian ceasefire. All sides are putting civilian populations in harm's way to press for advantage. U.N. estimates about a quarter of a million Syrians
Holiday Inn Express in Picardy Place was put up for sale in November. It was bought by International Hotel Properties Limited for £17.7m, plus costs. The sale was announced by administrators from FRP Advisory.
Andre Ward defends his WBO, WBA and IBF light-heavyweight titles against Sergey Kovalev. American beat Russian by unanimous decision in November last year. Kovalev stormed out of Thursday's press conference after being floored in second round. Liverpool super-middle
Barristers group says plans threaten a 'world-renowned' justice system. Government says right to a fair trial will not be affected and lawyers will have to meet quality standards. Legal aid costs taxpayers about £2bn every year and criminal defence makes up more than half of the expenditure
Rochus Misch was the last survivor from Hitler's bunker in Berlin. He worked as a bodyguard, a courier and a telephone operator. His memoir, The Last Witness, became a bestseller five years later.
Tries by Tom Habberfield and Tyler Ardron gave the home team a 14-point interval lead. Brendan Leonard's try saw the game off before Jacob Stockdale's late score. Ospreys need a point in their final game to secure a play-off spot. Ul
Seven workers treated for smoke inhalation. More than 100 workers were underground at the time. The mine is one of Europe's deepest and employs about 1,100 people.
Woman, now in her 50s, gave evidence against Ralph Clarke at Birmingham Crown Court. She said she did not want "to go to my grave knowing that I let him get away with it" Former lorry driver is alleged to have committed 31 offences against three children. Alleg
Essex and Glamorgan play each other in a repeat of last year's T20 Blast match. Glamorgan won the toss and captain Jacques Rudolph chose to bat first. Essex make one change with Jamie Porter replacing Matt Quinn in their seam attack. Both sides remain in qualifying
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson is on a two-day tour of Australia. Trade Secretary Liam Fox will travel from the US to meet Mexican counterparts. And David Davis will hold private talks in Germany ahead of the next round of negotiations.
Essex Senior League match between Sawbridgeworth Town and Clapton FC was abandoned. It followed reports a player appeared to get a knife out after being spat at by a fan. Hertfordshire Police are looking for 26-year-old Aidan Chaves in connection with
Dog walker spotted the man's body in Vernatt's Drain, Spalding, on Sunday. Police recovered the body from the water after being alerted shortly after 14:00 GMT. Officers had been initially treating the death as unexplained, but are now classing it as not suspicious.
Of a pre-war population of 3,000, there are now only around 40 people left in Pisky. Anatoliy and Svetlana Kosse, both aged 68, were among the few residents still here. Their days and nights are punctuated by the noise of artillery
Cardiff Devils play Sheffield Steelers in the Challenge Cup final on Sunday, 4 March. League rules state teams cannot change fixtures within four weeks of a game. Steelers coach Paul Thompson said the Devils had an advantage after their request to rearrange their game 24 hours before the final was declined.
Collins, 66, has difficulty walking following back surgery. He suffered a severe gash near his eye after falling on the way to the toilet. The shows were meant to take place on 8 and 9 June. They have now been rescheduled for November.
Natalie Queiroz, 40, has been moved from critical care to a ward. She was attacked on Hollyfield Road, Sutton Coldfield, near Birmingham, on Friday. Babur Karamat Raja, 41, is charged with two counts of attempted murder and one of attempted
World Snooker chairman Barry Hearn said he was "very pleased" with the outcome of the vote. Event winner Anthony McGill said "in no way on God's Earth should this be a ranking tournament" Top players including Ronnie O'Sullivan, Mark Selby and Judd Trump all skipped
Double Olympic and world champion will ride Uthopia in Wednesday's freestyle. Brash, the first rider to complete the sport's grand slam, competes in the World Cup showjumping on 20 December. Four members of the Whitaker family, John, Michael, Robert and William,
Unbeaten 4-7 favourite Shutter Speed wins Musidora Stakes. Trainer John Gosden walked the course and she beat runner-up Vintage Folly. She goes to Chantilly next rather than the Oaks at Epsom, in which stablemates Enable and Coronet
Ayotzinapa students were last seen alive during a protest in the town of Iguala. Police fired on them and rounded them up, handing them over to members of the Guerreros Unidos drug gang. They are widely thought to have killed them, but their families refuse to
Norris spoke at a public debate on diversity in UK theatre at the NT in London. He said he was considering whether to introduce quotas to improve diversity. Norris said his aim was for 20% BAME on-stage figure in any given year.
Dunlop, 27, lapped the course at 132.36mph on his BMW superbike. Ian Hutchinson was second fastest in the Superbike class with 131.66mph. Michael Rutter moved to the top of the Lightweight Supertwins leaderboard with a lap of 118.
Sheep rustling is a problem in the Yorkshire Dales and efforts are being stepped up to tackle it. Claims for stolen livestock totalled £6.6m in 2014 - equating to disappearance of 89,000 sheep. Officers believe the trail of stolen animals leads to the big
Anthony's chain of food outlets included restaurants in the Corn Exchange building. Lines Henry Ltd have been appointed as administrators and said there was not enough money for the firm to continue trading. The firm was founded in 2004 by chef Anthony Flinn and his father.
Police seized 12kg of "high purity cocaine" equivalent to 48kg of cut cocaine. At least 36kg of mephedrone worth up to £300,000 was also seized. Eleven of the 13 defendants from Blaenau Gwent, Newport and Rhondda Cynon
Sally Shalloe, 51, died when her bicycle was hit by David Staley's motorbike. Staley, 32, admitted causing Ms Shalloe's death by dangerous driving. Ms Shalloe worked as a research fellow at the University of Nottingham.
Critics say the new contract involves pay cuts of up to 30%. "Normal hours" extended to include 7am to 10pm on every day except Sunday. British Medical Association said the ballot reflected doctors' anger. Government described current contracts as "outdated" and "unfair"
Foredowne Boarding Kennel is facing allegations about how dogs were cared for. Whistleblowers say dogs were put in 3ft by 9ft cages and not exercised. RSPCA has agreed to review the way dogs seized by Devon and Cornwall Police were treated. Teign
Suppliers of seats and parts used in gearboxes have stopped delivering to VW in a contract row. Car and parts production has already been halted at four plants and will be stopped at two others later this week. The company said the interruptions in production would affect 27,700 staff.
Deputy PM says Lib Dems will put the next generation front and centre of plans. Scheme would be paid for by cutting winter fuel allowance and free TV licences for better-off pensioners. Lib Dems promise 15 hours of free childcare for every two-year-old in England.
Pakistan beat West Indies by six wickets in their first Test in Abu Dhabi. West Indies were chasing 346 to win but were dismissed for 263-7 with 12 overs to spare. Mohammad Amir took 3-63, his best figures since his return from a spot-fixing ban.
The European Arrest Warrant (EAW) was introduced in January 2004. It replaced separate extradition arrangements between EU member states. The EAW means faster and simpler surrender procedures for suspects. Poland issued the most EAWs - 4,844 - but fewer than half were executed.
12,000 midwives will have to time theirs around delivering 1,800 Christmas babies. At care homes in England there will be 200,000 staff sitting down to eat. Lane House Residential Care Home in Tamworth will serve turkey with all the trimmings.
Ferrari were the only team to run the soft tyre, which is about a second a lap faster than the medium used by Mercedes. Nico Rosberg was third fastest, 0.503 seconds slower than Vettel, with Lewis Hamilton a further 0.157secs adrift.
Jacky Sutton, 50, was found dead in a toilet at Istanbul's Ataturk airport in October. She was the acting Iraq director for the Institute for War and Peace Reporting (IWPR) Jenny Sutton, Ms Sutton's sister, said "at this stage we believe that
Hooker Vicky Fleetwood will also remain in England for the next few days to undergo rehab for a minor injury. Forward Poppy Cleall, who has won 12 caps for England, has been called up as a replacement.
Man claims he had sex with Julie Wadsworth up to 15 times between the ages of 14 and 18. He told the jury he sent messages to her when 'drunk, depressed, or down' Julie, 60, and Tony Wadsworth, 69, deny assaulting seven boys in the
Team Sky's Froome trails Tinkoff's Contador, by 13 seconds and BMC's Porte by six. Stage three of the Tour de France warm-up race was won by Astana's Fabio Aru. Aru broke away from the peloton with 12 kilometres to
Falkirk's Craig Sibbald was sent off for foul and abusive language. Lee Miller was also sent off before Tom Taiwo scored for the Bairns. Goals from Declan McManus and Joe Cardle had the hosts 2-0 up.
Electoral Commission launches 'You can't miss it' campaign to encourage people to vote. People not on electoral register have until 7 June to apply for a vote in 23 June's referendum. Around 7.5 million people in Britain are not registered to vote and a fifth are unsure.
Scientists say Totten glacier could retreat 200-250km inland. If that happens, the ice loss could push up global oceans by 2m, or more. Underlying sedimentary rocks at the modern front of Totten are heavily eroded. The last time Totten retreated to the deep
James Comey's sacking as head of the FBI is being compared to the 'Saturday Night Massacre' Richard Nixon fired Archibald Cox, the special prosecutor in the Watergate scandal. The president had fired the lead figure in an investigation into alleged wrongdoing by members of his own team. Donald
Incident happened on EnQuest's Thistle platform, off Shetland, last December. Rigging supervisor Steve Innes, from Sunderland, said he and fellow Wood Group contractors discovered they had been exposed to alpha radiation. Mr Innes said the workers now faced cancer fears, and
Anton Levin, 24, was stabbed at a house in Southend in November 2014. Abdulfatah Suleiman, 28, was arrested in Norway and extradited back to the UK. He was jailed for 16 years with a five-year extended licence.
Vessel, thought to be just 20m (70ft) long, capsized at midnight local time in Libyan waters. UN refugee agency, the UNHCR, said it could amount to the largest loss of life during a migrant crossing to Europe. 28 people have been rescued and 24 bodies retrieved
Shrien Dewani, 34, from Bristol, is accused of hiring a hitman to murder his wife. Anni Dewani was shot dead in Cape Town in November 2010, just days after the couple's wedding. Her parents say they will not grieve until they know the truth about
England bowler Liam Plunkett takes 3-46 as Sri Lanka make 248-9 in second ODI. Kusal Mendis, Angelo Mathews and Dinesh Chandimal make half-centuries for Sri Lanka. Rain delays start of run chase and England were 16-1
It's a year since plans for a combined Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire devolution deal were submitted to the government. Of the 19 councils first involved, only 13 are left. Two, Chesterfield and Bassetlaw, have decided they would rather be part of a deal already signed off with Sheffield
AFC Wimbledon chief executive Erik Samuelson described the comment as 'completely unacceptable' Wimbledon are also set to investigate a coin-throwing incident from the Charlton supporters' area. An assistant referee was hit on the back of the head by a coin thrown by Charlton
Andrew Shinnie, James Keatings and Chris Humphrey on target for Bonnyrigg Rose. Jason Cummings and Lewis Stevenson also on target as Hibernian cruise to victory. Hibs progress to the next round of the Scottish Cup.
The 22-year-old was born in Edinburgh but has not been involved in the Scotland set-up before now. He comes into Vern Cotter's 27-man squad after Glasgow Warriors fly-half Finn Russell pulled out after suffering a head injury. Jones plays for Cape Town-based Storm
The Queen sent her first tweet in 2014 when she opened a new exhibition in London. The monarch signed off the message "Elizabeth R" Her official birthday this year was 11 June. She has two birthdays - her real birthday on 21 April, and her official birthday held on a Saturday
The Rev Canon Alison White was made the Bishop of Hull in a service led by Archbishop of York Dr John Sentamu. The 58-year-old bishop became a priest in 1996 and has served in Durham, Sheffield, Peterborough and Newcastle. She and her husband, Bishop Frank White
Jake Ball has taken six wickets in each of Notts' first two County Championship matches. The 25-year-old is the leading wicket-taker in Division One of the County Championship so far in 2016. Notts suffered an eight-wicket defeat in their second Country Championship match
Joan Bates and her late husband Major Roy Bates moved to anti-aircraft fortress. They declared it an independent state and gave themselves the titles "Prince" Roy and "Princess" Joan of Sealand. She is survived by their son, Michael, who has controlled Sealand since 2012
UKUO sought High Court injunction against rival group of British players ahead of UKUO's upcoming UK tour. Judge ruled in favour of the rival group, saying it was not in competition. UOGB said they was considering further legal action to protect their "name and reputation"
Mr Gibb said times tables were a'very important' part of mathematics knowledge. Plans for such a test were in the Conservatives' election manifesto in 2015. Check will be taken by Year 6 pupils in the spring of 2019 alongside national curriculum tests.
US military says strike in Kunduz may have caused 'collateral damage' At least 12 MSF staff members and seven patients killed in the incident. UN calls the strikes 'inexcusable and possibly criminal' President Obama offers his 'deepest condolences' for the deaths.
The 33-year-old played 114 times for Tranmere Rovers. McChrystal is the latest summer signing for the Crues after the arrival of Brian Jensen, Sean Ward, Jamie Glackin and Mark McAllister.
Seeds of the Forest project aims to combine slash-and-burn farming with forest products. Settlers in Rio Trairao, Brazil, want to extract oil from the andiroba tree, which they use to make a living. The project has faced opposition from loggers and
Ulster Rugby said other Pro12 clubs had not worn poppies at the weekend. Some fans described the absence as'shameful' Former soldier Robert McCartney said it was 'an insult' to those who lost their lives in the war. Councillor Doug Beattie
Johnson signs for Gateshead after being released by Cardiff City. 23-year-old scored 15 goals in 41 games for the Heed this season. Gateshead finished ninth in the National League, 13 points outside the play-off places.
Gordon Sinclair from retro gaming event Play Blackpool reveals his 'top 5' worst video games. Rise of the Robots, Superman and Busby 3D also make the list.
Religious bodies would be able to opt in to perform same-sex marriage ceremonies. Protection would also be offered to individual celebrants who felt it would go against their faith to carry out gay weddings. Both the Church of Scotland and Roman Catholic Church are opposed to the proposals.
Three whistleblowers describe working in "call centres" in two Indian cities. They say as many as 60 "employees" work in shifts in each office, phoning TalkTalk customers. The whistleblowers say they were given a script in which they were told to claim they were calling from TalkTalk
Sandwell and West Birmingham Hospitals NHS Trust given overall rating of'requires improvement' Trust said it is 'working hard already to address the issues' Inspectors will return to check whether necessary changes have taken place.
Jamie Hepburn said two-thirds of the sluggish growth is down to the oil and gas downturn. He said: "Clearly there are other underlying trends that we have to get underneath the skin of" Scottish Conservatives said SNP had to take responsibility for economic performance.
The 33-year-old mother had a section of her ovary removed 11 years ago. Following chemotherapy, doctors re-implanted the tissue last year. The mother conceived naturally and gave birth to a baby boy two weeks ago.
Nick Yarris spent 22 years on death row in the United States for a crime he did not commit. He was convicted of the rape and murder of a woman, Linda Mae Craig, in 1982. Nick has never had an apology for being imprisoned for crimes he didn't commit.
Marin Cilic and Jo-Wilfried Tsonga are the top two seeds in Marseille. Bedene, ranked 51 places below Coric at 109 in the world, won 7-5 4-6 6-1.
Cross-party vote on giving Parliament a final vote on the deal looks likely to be pushed to a division. The expectation is that the amended bill will get its Third Reading on Tuesday evening. But the ritual of Parliamentary ping-pong, where the Bill bounces between the Lords and Commons,
Nóirín O'Sullivan welcomed the fact that new police recruitment had begun. But she said policing is a profession that constantly needs new people. She said over 500 new recruits every year were needed to deal with emerging crime trends.
Curtis has been a Swansea City manager, youth coach, coach and community officer. The 61-year-old has played more than 400 games for the Swans in three spells. He was an integral part of the great Swansea team of the late 1970s and early 80s.
Liverpool beat Aston Villa 1-0 at Vicarage Road on Saturday. Jurgen Klopp's side sit third in the Premier League, three points behind Chelsea. Mario Balotelli scored the winner for Liverpool with a stunning volley. Adam Lallana says Liverpool will allow Can to
Children who have a parent or sibling with type-1 diabetes will be invited for a blood test. Those at risk will be offered a drug called metformin to see if it can hold off diabetes. Metformin is already used to treat diabetes, but it is not clear if it might
Karen Jacquet, 59, was pronounced dead at the scene in Newark, Notts. Yousef Mohammed, 65, appeared at Nottingham Magistrates' Court charged with murder. He was remanded in custody and will appear at Nottingham Crown Court on Monday.
Flipkart was founded in 2007 by two former Amazon employees. It has 22 million registered users and handles over 150,000 shipments a day. India's e-commerce market was worth $13bn in 2013, with online travel accounting for more than 70% of transactions.
Judges rule that the PM cannot trigger the formal process without Parliament's backing. The Supreme Court is expected to hear the government's appeal next month. Sajid Javid said the vast majority of MPs had backed legislation to bring forward a referendum. He said there was a "moral
Right-wing party Golden Dawn is suing radical left MP Dimitris Stratoulis over alleged attack. Party member recorded remarking at a meeting that members had not beaten him hard enough. Police recorded the clip of the meeting and sent it to the office investigating the alleged attack on Mr Strat
Alliance Trust faces demands for a change in governance from activist investor Elliott Advisers. Firm aims to simplify structures and reduce costs by £6m per year by the end of 2016. Chief financial officer Alan Trotter is to leave Alliance Trust, while chief executive Katherine Garrett-C
Arsenic occurs naturally in the Earth's crust, but can leaches into groundwater. Long-term exposure can cause skin problems and cancers of the skin, lungs, bladder and kidney. China is thought to have more than 10 million drinking wells. Scientists used information about the geology of
UK Anti-Doping is investigating a'mystery package' sent for Team Sky's former rider Sir Bradley Wiggins at a race in 2011. Team Sky has since accepted "mistakes were made" over how medical records relating to the package were kept but denied breaking anti-doping rules.
Council has to save £156m over the next three years, on top of £173m worth of cuts. In 1980s, Labour-controlled council set an illegal budget which led to the banning of and surcharge of 47 councillors. Mayor Joe Anderson said the council would set a legal
The sixth form at Halewood Academy in Knowsley will shut in August 2017. Principal Gary Evans said it was "sad" but left the academy in a stronger financial position. Knowsley has the lowest proportion of students taking A-levels in England at 2%.
England face South Africa, Fiji, Argentina and Australia in November. Hartley is favourite for the Lions job in 2017 after captaining England to nine wins in a row. England can go through 2016 unbeaten if they avoid defeat against South Africa.
Scarring can be common after a heart attack, making the heart pump less effectively. The protein-infused patch encourages the growth of healthy cells and leads to less scarring. Researchers say the patch may one day revolutionise treatment.
Cardiff midfielder Peter Whittingham has been with the Bluebirds for a decade. The 32-year-old's current deal expires at the end of the season. Cardiff face Aston Villa in the FA Cup third round on Monday 2 January. Manager Neil Warnock says he will
The Royal Albert Hall is home to some of the world's finest classical musicians. The Proms will see tenor Jonas Kaufmann, soprano Danielle De Niese and pianist Andras Schiff. With 118,000 tickets sold in just 12 hours this year, there are
Kevin O'Malley said he expects the trip to happen within the next 12 months. Mr Obama visited Ireland in May 2011. During the trip, he went to his ancestral home in the small village of Moneygall, Co Offaly.
Ibrahimovic believes Pogba likes the pressure of playing at the top of the Premier League. The 35-year-old has 4.3m followers on Twitter, which is 1.24m more than Pogba. Pogba missed a first-half chance and conceded a
94 women in Northern Ireland each year are diagnosed with cervical cancer. Tara Millar from Belfast was diagnosed with stage 2b cervical cancer in April 2015. Research staff at the cancer centre in Belfast offered her the choice of joining the UK trial. The trial, called Interlace, is
Scotland face Slovenia in a Euro 2016 qualifier at Hampden Park on 26 March. Strachan's side are currently fifth in Group F with four points from four matches. The 60-year-old signed a new two-year contract with the Scottish FA in October.
Find would push back the first evidence of human settlement by more than 100,000 years. Researchers used uranium-thorium dating to date bones and tools from California. Rocks found alongside mastodon remains show signs of wear and being struck against other surfaces. It's not entirely clear
Former England defender Stuart Pearce signed for Longford AFC in January. He was due to make his debut for the Gloucestershire non-league side last month, but the match was called off. Longford AFC has lost all its games this season and conceded 178 goals. Pearce
US foots more than a quarter of the UN's $7.9bn (Â£6.1bn) peacekeeping bill. UN spokesman says organisation willing to discuss how peacekeeping could be made more cost-effective. US provides 28.5% of the United Nations peacekeeping
Albert Anthony Smith McDonald, 58, was found with head injuries on Monday. He died on his way to hospital in Riddrie and police have appealed for information. Officers said the car driver is assisting with their inquiries. Police said Mr McDonald's family were "completely devastated" by his death
England was ranked seventh for child independence in the study of 18,000 seven- to 15-year-olds. Fear over traffic was the top reason for restricting freedom, researchers said. Finland was found to be the top-performing country on independent mobility.
The 33-year-old was injured while grabbing onto a toilet at Colchester police station. All six officers face allegations of assault and using excessive force. Essex Police said one officer had been placed on restricted duties.
Carl Tremarco and Josh Meekings put Inverness 3-0 up at half-time. Miles Storey, Jordan Roberts and Kris Doolan scored the other goals for Caley Thistle. Glasgow Jags booed several times by their own fans at
Accounts class £2.9bn of the £3.9billion in maintenance arrears as "uncollectable" Ministers say old debts will not be "forgotten" Child Support Agency was set up 21 years ago to calculate maintenance for non-residents. But
Russell Brand received a less than positive response on Twitter. Reporter Neil Sears had apparently called on the comedian to question him over his tax affairs. Soon after he deleted the reporter's mobile number and email, but not before some said they had contacted him.
Latest polls suggest a centre-left alliance is running ahead of the hawkish Likud Party. Outsiders might be surprised that the peace process has never felt like a major campaign issue. The Palestinian people of the West Bank and Gaza of course have no vote in Israel elections. But
Aberdeen have reached a deal with Lloyds Bank to wipe out long-term debts. Celtic have no bank debt and their interim results for the financial year to 31 December showed a surplus in the bank. St Johnstone, Inverness Caledonian Thistle and
Gao Yu, 71, was found guilty of sending an internal Communist Party document to a U.S. website. She challenged her conviction at a closed hearing in Beijing on Thursday. The guilty verdict was upheld, but the jail term was cut from seven years to five on medical grounds.
David Knight was killed by a train near St Austell after going on leave from a Somerset hospital. Department of Health has admitted 'unacceptable' patients are receiving care far from home.
Brendan Rodgers was sacked as Liverpool manager on Thursday. Klopp has signed a three-year deal with the club worth £15m. Liverpool are currently 10th in the Premier League with 12 points from eight games. The 48-year-old will be joined at Anfield by his
More than 8,000 bottles were picked up during Great British Beach Clean Up in September. More than 6,000 volunteers collected litter along 340 beaches across the UK. England saw record levels of litter across 189 beaches, with highest levels of rubbish in South West. Channel Islands had the lowest
20-year-old made 12 appearances as Pompey won the League Two title. Whatmough has played 50 games in total for the club.
James Graham's political play This House has just transferred to London's West End. It debuted at the National Theatre in 2012, and recently had a run at the Chichester Theatre. Director Jeremy Herrin said he was "delighted" by the reaction the play has had.
Hugh's War on Waste on BBC One and The Investigator: A British Crime Story beat Celebrity Big Brother in timeslot. The former attracted an average audience of 3.6 million, while the latter drew an average viewership of 2.5 million. Christopher Biggins, Sam Fox and Ricky
Badger Trust says culling will not stop TB and may in fact help spread it. Plans likely to result in farmers funding contractors to shoot badgers in a number of areas of England. In 2010, 25,000 cattle slaughtered as a result of TB infection, costing UK taxpayer
12 March 2016 Last updated at 13:12 GMT. Paul Barltrop is the political editor of BBC Points West.
The biggest is a $47.5bn (Â£38.6bn) civil claim brought by Brazil's federal prosecutors. Under the deal, the firms will provide an initial $681m in compensation. The collapse of the dam killed 19 people and created a river of millions of tonnes
Bin design will mean a 2in (5cm) reduction in headroom for passengers. Air vent and light controls will be easier to reach. New bins can be retrofitted to any of the "Next-Generation" 737s, of which 5,000 are currently in service.
South Africa beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in their first Test in Port Elizabeth. Kyle Abbott took three wickets for 38 runs in the first innings. South Africa are on track for a third-straight series win after losing their number one ranking. The second game in the three-
The man has been released on bail until early December. He was held in Essex by officers working on the investigation into historical sex crimes. The probe was launched in the wake of the Jimmy Savile scandal.
Latham smashed Colin Ackermann for six to reach his hundred but was caught behind off Neil Dexter for 124. Opener Steel went on to make his century off 242 balls, before passing his previous first-class best of 128.
Pritchard has agreed a four-year deal at Carrow Road. The 23-year-old has scored a total of 20 goals in 100 matches on loan away from White Hart Lane at Peterborough, Swindon, Brentford and West Brom.
The pound has gained 1% and although the stock market is down more than 2%, that happened before Theresa May called a snap election for 8 June. Today's rise in the pound suggests markets are betting that Theresa May will (a) win and (b) win a bigger majority than she currently has.
Pearse Jordan was shot in the back by an RUC officer in November 1982. He had been driving a stolen car suspected of ferrying IRA munitions. Judge said there was a basis for concluding the officers may have perverted the course of justice and committed perjury while giving evidence.
Nine-month-old Millie Thompson died after choking on her lunch in October 2012. She was being fed shepherd's pie at Ramillies Hall School and Nursery in Cheadle Hulme, Stockport. Her mother set up an online petition to make paediatric first aid
Oxfam Cymru welcomed the figures, with Conwy and Denbighshire the latest authorities to become involved. The majority of the refugees in Wales were taken in the second half of 2016 - 285. A total of 5,454 people have been resettled in the UK.
Andy Murray beats Milos Raonic 6-4 7-6 (7-3), 7-5, 7-2 to win Wimbledon men's singles title. Murray is the first British man to win multiple Wimbledon singles titles since Fred Perry in 1935. The 29-year-
Ashley Sibery, 39, persuaded Sital Sibery to take the drug minutes after she confronted him about his drug habit in their home. Sibery pleaded guilty to a charge of culpable and reckless conduct.
Shrewsbury's Gyan Ogogo has returned to training after a knee injury. Ogogo suffered medial knee ligament damage against Scunthorpe in February. The 27-year-old has made 79 appearances for Shrews since joining the club in June 2015.
Team Sky's Chris Froome finished in the bunch on 198km stage from Escaldes-Engordany. David de la Cruz, Nicolas Roche and Tejay van Garderen are his closest challengers. Britain's Simon Yates moved up to 10th in the general classification.
Spieth cards seven-under-par 65 in third round to move to 17 under. Two-time major winner last won at the Tournament of Champions in January 2016. Brandt Snedeker (67) is second on 11 under, one ahead of Dustin Johnson and Kelly Kraft.
Hole measured about 20m (66ft) by 10m (33ft) and 9m (30ft) deep in Ripon, North Yorkshire. 12 homes were evacuated after the hole opened at 22:30 GMT on Wednesday. The BGS said Ripon lies in one of
England face India in three one-day internationals and three Twenty20 matches. Tourists have won one and lost one of their warm-up matches against India A. England lost the Test series 4-0 to India and are without a series win in India since 1984. Jonny
Careers Wales said it is facing a 'budget shortfall' and 'all options' are being explored. Welsh Government said it was aware Careers Wales was consulting on a 'voluntary release scheme' Unison said careers Wales staff numbers have halved in the last five years.
British pair French and Evans take an 18-second lead into final shoot-run combined phase. Lithuania's team overtook them and won gold by just three seconds. Laura Asadauskaite was the reigning Olympic champion and Justinas Kinderis won the men's world title last
Watford have signed Colombia defender Carlos Zuniga from Napoli. The 30-year-old is the Hornets' fourth summer signing after Christian Kabasele, Jerome Sinclair, Isaac Success and Jerome Sinclair. Zuniga played four times for Colombia at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil
George Osborne says he has reached settlement with all government departments. Health, schools, international aid and defence will escape cuts but unprotected departments must find £20bn in savings. Police chiefs warn a 25% cut could threaten the future of some forces.
The 84-year-old played the British spy in seven films between 1973 and 1985. He praised Daniel Craig's performances in his new book, Bond on Bond. Craig's third Bond film, Skyfall, is due for release in the UK on 26 October.
Kent closed on 288-5, a lead of 437, opting not to set Essex a target. Essex earlier were bowled out for 292, avoiding the follow-on by one run. Kent were reduced to 40-4 but shared an unbroken 185 with Will Gidman.
Questions are being raised in the province around radicalisation and intolerance. Alexandre Bissonette, a 27-year-old University of Laval student, was charged with six counts of first-degree murder. Police have not said what motivated the alleged attacker, who opened fire at the Quebec Islamic
ITV said it was "confident" that viewers would be unaffected. Good Morning Britain and the filming of soap operas could be hit. ITV's pre-tax profits rose 39% to Â£605m for 2014.
Glamorgan won three of 16 games in the County Championship Division Two last season. Welsh county failed to make progress in the limited overs competitions. James Harris left Glamorgan to join Middlesex on a three-year contract.
England and Wales has the highest incarceration rate in Western Europe. Former home secretaries Jacqui Smith and Ken Clarke wrote to Times calling for it to be cut. They said it should be cut from more than 85,000 to the level in 1993 of about 45,000. Since 1993 the
Marie Black, 34, of Norwich, stood trial with nine others, including five women. Black denied 26 charges but was found guilty of all but three of them. She was convicted of offences including rape and inciting a child to engage in sexual activity. Michael Rogers, 53, from Romford,
Review from the International Programme on the State of the Ocean (IPSO) warns that the oceans are facing multiple threats. Conditions are ripe for the sort of mass extinction event that has afflicted the oceans in the past. Coral reefs, for instance, are suffering from the higher temperatures and
The Office for Budget Responsibility has increased its prognosis of how much the Treasury will raise from existing taxes (not new ones) It has also reduced what it thinks the chancellor will shell out in interest on its massive debts. In total the OBR thinks the national debt will be £23bn
Tata announced it was mothballing part of its Newport plant for the third time in six years. The company said the line could be restarted in better market conditions. Shotton site is part of Tata Steel Colors which produces metallic and paint coated products.
Police and RSPCA are investigating the find near Bundaberg in Queensland. It follows an expose by the ABC into the greyhound racing industry earlier this year. The ABC aired disturbing footage of greyhounds chasing live pigs, possums and rabbits. Only 2,000 of the
Sunderland manager David Moyes was in the stand watching Falkirk's 2-1 win at St Mirren but did not confirm if he was there to watch the teenage left-back. The 17-year-old has made seven appearances for the Bairns this season. It had been
Daniels was born Newton Edward Daniels in the South Bank area of Middlesbrough. His interest in magic was sparked when he read a book entitled How to Entertain at Parties. He did his national service with the Green Howards, a regiment with close connections to the north-east of
Govia Thameslink paid £2,233,000 in compensation in 2015-16, up 50% on 2014-15. Compensation figures for 2016-17 have not yet been released. Last December, Which? lodged a'super complaint' over the complicated compensation system.
Peter Wrighton's body was found three miles south of East Harling in Norfolk. The 83-year-old had been repeatedly stabbed and had been walking his dogs. Norfolk Police said they wanted to trace three men seen around the woodland. A man in his 50s seen changing
Scott Ludlam, 46, is deputy leader of the Australian Greens party. He said he had been dealing with mental health issues "for a while" Mr Ludlam is a popular figure among young left-wingers in Australia, and has been vocal about online privacy issues. Greens
Staff at Breckland Council will not be paid for the time it takes to have a cigarette. Council said the move was aimed at making the issue of smoke breaks fairer for individuals who did not smoke. Smokers' lobby group Forest said everyone was entitled to a break during work.
Hanna Corbett said there was blood all around and people lying on top of each other. She said people inside did not realise straight away what was happening. People were crawling over each other, trying to climb out of fire exits, she said. "I thought it was like that
Australia declare on 156-6 in second innings and England collapse to 101 all out. Australia seamer Ellyse Perry takes career-best figures of six wickets for 32 runs. Lydia Greenway and Georgia Elwiss top scored for England with 128 dot balls faced. England
Wayan Mirna Solihin, 27, met with two friends in a Jakarta cafe on January 6. She collapsed after complaining about her coffee's taste and died a short time later. Traces of cyanide were found in her coffee and tests confirmed she had been poisoned.
19-year-old left Forest to join Bundesliga side RB Leipzig for £13m. The deal made him the most expensive Scottish player in history. James McFadden believes the move to Germany will benefit both player and Scotland. Motherwell player-assistant manager McFadden says
Timothy Allen, 40, is due to go on trial in Cambridge for Samantha Ho's murder. It was previously reported Mr Allen was Ms Ho's partner. He was due to appear via video link at the Old Bailey, but it was decided he did not have to attend. Pro
Venerable Indarathana set himself on fire outside the Temple of the Tooth in Kandy. He was protesting against the slaughter of cattle and the alleged conversion of Buddhists. Officials say journalists who filmed the incident could have tried to rescue him. Hardline Buddhist nationalists are hailing
Hitachi is to buy Horizon Nuclear Power, intending to build reactors on existing sites at Wylfa, Anglesey, and Oldbury, near Bristol. Prime Minister David Cameron said it was a major step for the UK. Hitachi's proposed facilities will use its advanced boiling water technology
Party members are set to vote for new leaders at Holyrood and Westminster. Ian Murray has given his backing to Scottish leadership contender Kezia Dugdale. He is also backing Yvette Cooper to become the next Labour Party leader.
Pratt has become one of Hollywood's most bankable stars in the past year. He starred in two of 2014's top five grossing films at the US box office. The Lego Movie and Guardians of the Galaxy were also big hits.
Cassie Sainsbury, 22, was stopped at an airport in Bogota on 12 April. She could face up to 25 years in jail, according to her sister, Khala. The drugs were hidden inside 15 pairs of headphones she bought during a holiday. Australia's Department of Foreign Affairs
Sevilla beat Barcelona 2-1 at the Sanchez Pizjuan Stadium. Michael Krohn-Dehli and Vicente Iborra scored the goals for the La Liga champions. Neymar converted a 74th-minute penalty after Benoit Tremoulinas handled.
Det Con Scott Barr said it appeared to have been a 'targeted raid' He appealed for anyone who may have seen anything suspicious in the area.
Harris will be remembered mostly as the guy who presented in his pants. The actor was one of a team of 12 Oscar writers on Birdman song 'Birdman' The script saw him refer to Reese Witherspoon as someone he could eat "with a spoon" There was a
As an EU member, UK and UK-based firms can sell their goods to EU customers without having to pay additional taxes. British firms and consumers can import from the EU tariff-free. The prime minister has already ruled out continued membership of the EU's single market.
Action Man figures made their debut at the British Toy Fair in Brighton in 1966. Palitoy, based in Coalville, Leicestershire, would go on to make its own version in the 1970s. They were hugely popular, with sales topping 20 million by the end of the
The Museum of the Moon was created by Bristol-based artist Luke Jerram. The giant orb is covered in NASA satellite imagery of the lunar surface. Each centimetre represents 5km (3 miles) of the moon's surface.
Engineers at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have developed a new way to 3D print glass. When a stream of molten glass is poured over a nozzle, it dribbles, creating loops and waves. These loops can be controlled by how fast the glass is being poured and nozzle is moving.
Roger Federer beats France's Richard Gasquet in straight sets to win in Lille. The 17-time Grand Slam champion beats Gasquet 6-4 6-2 6-3 to give the Swiss an unassailable 3-1 lead. Federer pays tribute to Stan Waw
The M77/A77 has reopened northbound at junction 8 Kilmaurs in East Ayrshire. The M8 westbound was closed for five hours at Newhouse in North Lanarkshire. Snow in the Inverness area and roads around Fort William and Glencoe were icy.
Andy Taylor came close to the opening goal after five minutes, curling just over from 20 yards. Wycombe were denied by the woodwork in the 25th minute as Michael Harriman's looping 20-yard strike came back off the crossbar. Brad Potts met Mark Cullen's
Two shots were fired at a house in Moneyleck Park at about 22:20 GMT on Monday. A man who was in the house at the time received hospital treatment for his injuries. He has since been discharged from hospital.
Toddlers took their mother's Ford Focus after finding keys in the floor mat. Made it three miles (4.8km) down the road and successfully navigated multiple turns. Officials believe they were trying to reach their grandfather's farm but crashed five miles short. They were not hurt
Officers called to Leith Walk at about 06:00 following reports about a man with a neck injury. He was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary where his condition was described as serious but stable.
Lt Robert Vielle, an experienced and decorated pilot, had been flying a B-17G from England to Northern Ireland when he hit bad weather over the Irish Sea. The aircraft veered off-course by several miles before coming down and bursting into flames in a field above Port St May.
Supreme Court Justice Thomas has said in the past he prefers not to "badger" lawyers. The last time he was reported to have asked a question at the high court was during a death penalty case in February 2006. He spoke weeks after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia, a
A federal appeals court in San Francisco lifted a ban that had been in place since 2008. Many Californian gay couples then rushed to get married. But the opponents say the appeals court acted prematurely because by law they had more time to appeal before the ban can be lifted.
Derek Mackay accused of'showing contempt for parliament' during debate. Finance committee wants detailed planning information ahead of budget. Mr Mackay said he would publish some extra "high level" information. Opposition members said he had been "ambiguous" about what information would be provided
Warwickshire director of cricket Dougie Brown steps down by'mutual consent' The 46-year-old Scot was appointed in January 2013, succeeding Ashley Giles, when he became coach of England's limited-overs teams. Under Brown's leadership, the Bears won two trophies,
Sixteen men and eight women competed in the World Gravy Wrestling Championships at the Rose 'N' Bowl pub in Stacksteads, Lancashire. Gandalf the Gravy (Joel Hicks), from Leicester, was defending the men's title, while Nicole Taylor-Lyons, 21,
Kevin McGuigan Sr was shot dead at his home in the Short Strand on Wednesday. Police believe two men shot him several times in the head and chest at point blank range. He was one of a number of suspects in the murder of Gerard 'Jock' Davison in May.
Dame Barbara Mitchell announced her character would be killed off. Kemp, who last played Grant Mitchell in 2006, said it would be "a brief return" Grant Mitchell has been one of the soap's most memorable characters.
Civil claims have been made against the car owners, even though they were not involved in the thefts or crashes. Officers are claiming for injuries sustained when stopping the cars. Owner's no-claims bonus can be affected and their car insurance premiums can increase as a result.
Roslyn Condie admitted being the owner of a dog which was dangerously out of control. Staffordshire Bull Terrier, Nipper, bit the postman on the leg leaving a puncture wound. Sentence was deferred on Condie for six months at Dumfries Sheriff Court.
Tony Stewart bought Rotherham United in 2008 when they were in administration. The Millers had been playing their home games outside the town for four years. Stewart promised to build a new home in the S60 post-code range for the Millers. Six years on, the
2,600 people attended the service in central Paris, including President Francois Hollande. A minute's silence was held and the names of all the victims were read out. President Hollande said France would "do all it can to destroy this army of fanatics" He vowed that France would respond with
John Lamont resigned as MP for Ettrick, Roxburgh and Berwickshire on Thursday. The Conservative MSP is hoping to unseat the SNP's Calum Kerr at Westminster. By-election means residents will vote on council, Holyrood representative and MP in five weeks
Accident happened as train was leaving Leuven station at a slow speed. Carriage could be seen lying on its side part way down a slope after the crash. Services between the two stations have been suspended, officials say.
HTC Vive headset allows you to explore the world around you in virtual reality. You can walk around your surroundings and fly up to the top of the Eiffel Tower. Google Earth's coverage of many of the Earth's cities and famous landmarks look great in VR. But if you
Golfer disturbed the croc while looking for a ball in water at the course in Port Douglas, Queensland. He was taken to hospital with a deep laceration to his shin and puncture wounds to his calf. Crocodiles are a common sight on the golf course, Australian
Bloomington city employees receive paid time off for Columbus Day and Good Friday. Mayor John Hamilton said the move would "better reflect cultural sensitivity in the workplace" The move sparked a backlash on social media, with opponents condemning it as an act of political correctness.
Investors spent nearly £1.8bn last year across all sectors in Scotland. Edinburgh registered a particularly strong year for investment. Glasgow saw a "more muted" 12 months, with transaction volumes down by 59%.
Jeremy Corner said the prime minister's position owed less to 'great philosophers' than Baldrick. Labour leader accused the PM of presiding over a'shambolic Tory breach' of the EU. Mrs May said the actor who played Baldrick was a member of the Labour
JK Rowling, who wrote the film script for Fantastic Beasts, will also write the sequel. The first film, starring Eddie Redmayne, is due out in cinemas on 18 November. Warner Bros said the second film "moves deeper into an increasingly dark time"
Silk Road 2.0 was a copy of the original Silk Road, which was shut down in 2015. It allowed people to use bitcoins to anonymously buy and sell drugs and other illegal goods. Brian Farrell admitted conspiring to distribute heroin, cocaine and methamphetamine.
Rescue officer Sian Robertson was alerted when a nurse became suspicious while feeding it. She said: "I took one look at the little fluffy animal and knew she was a fox cub - and a very cute one at that!"
Yafai won 118-108, 119-107 and119-107 on the judges' scorecards. The 27-year-old Japanese boxer knocked down Muranaka in the second round. He was caught several times himself on the way to recording his 22nd unbeaten fight.
Dario Fo won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 1997. His plays include Accidental Death of an Anarchist and Can't Pay? Won't Pay! He was also known for Mistero Buffo, a one-man play he toured the world with.
Cornwall Live sent two reporters and a photographer to cover the prime minister's visit. Reporters were told they could not broadcast the PM's visit via Facebook Live. The publication, owned by Trinity Mirror, took to social media to vent its frustrations. Conservative said the reporters' request to
The bodies of Sharon Dodd-Archibald and Archibalds were found on Sunday. They were found at a flat in Dalserf Court in the Gallowgate area of Glasgow. Police are awaiting the results of toxicology tests and post mortem examinations.
Derek Llambias and Barry Leach voted off the board. New board has already appointed shareholder Douglas Park as a director. Ally McCoist is on gardening leave after leaving the post late last year. Rangers currently sit third in the Scottish Championship.
Michael Stead, 34, suffered serious head injuries during the attack. Daniel Mould, 25, remains in police custody charged with murder.
Second series of Doctor Foster returns to BBC One next month. Gemma's estranged husband Simon and his new family return to the fictional town of Parminster. They are dealing with the bitter repercussions of divorce - with their son, Tom, caught in the middle. Bertie Car
Racism in football has hit the headlines at Premiership level recently. BBC Wales investigation indicates it's also a feature of the amateur game in Wales. Teams from black and ethnic minority communities have told of the comments, abuse and hostility they say they encounter at some matches.
Ashley Yates admitted charges of making indecent images of children and voyeurism. He used a spy pen to record images of pupils and staff at The Tynings Primary School. Court heard Yates, 45, filmed six girls, one boy and two members of staff at the school.
Several nations claim territory in the resource-rich South China Sea. Taiwan, China, Vietnam, the Philippines and Australia have expressed concern. China dismissed the reports as "hype", but said it had the right under international law to defend itself. Rival countries have wrangled over
Pink Dot has been held every year since 2009. But this year it falls on the eve of Ramadan, prompting an Islamic teacher to start a campaign against homosexuality. Gay sex is illegal in Singapore.
Inflation's rise to its highest level for two years can be directly linked to the value of sterling. As the pound falls in value, import costs of staples like food and fuel rise. A weaker pound encourages exports as it is cheaper to sell British products abroad. But many are arguing
Scientists counted honey bees, bumble bees and other pollinating insects in and around some of the UK's largest towns and cities. Urban habitats can provide a valuable role in bee conservation, they say. Insect pollination has been valued at Â£690M per year for UK crop production.
Nieve was attending Handmade Parade in Hebden Bridge when dog jumped up and bit her. She needed eyelid surgery and suffered "potentially irreparable damage" to a tear duct. Man in e-fit is described as being broad, bald and aged about 50 and of similar build
Indonesian authorities believe the rescued group had been at sea for about a week. They may have been trying to reach Malaysia, said Steve Hamilton of the IOM. Rohingya Muslims have been fleeing sectarian violence in Myanmar for many years.
Office of Rail and Road said it had safety concerns over the West Coast Railway Company. It follows an incident last March in which a locomotive stopped across a busy main line railway junction near Royal Wootton Bassett. WCRC and a driver are facing criminal proceedings after allegedly breaching health and
Osborne's stated aim was to create what he called a "new settlement" He adopted a series of Labour policies, including a higher re-badged minimum wage. He also delivered Tory promises to cut income tax, corporation tax and inheritance tax. But below those headlines are some potentially
It is the first time that a non-premium brand has come first in the annual survey. Kia had the fewest problems in the first 90 days, followed by Porsche, Hyundai, Toyota and BMW. The worst performers were Daimler's Smart, Fiat, Volvo, Land
Safid is one of thousands of migrants living in a camp called the Jungle in Calais, France. More than 600 child migrants arrived in the UK without their parents last month alone.
"Sinn Féin and republicanism mobilised their vote in a very effective way" "It has been a good day for Alliance. Our vote is up and in constituencies where we have been weak," he says. "Mike Nesbitt did the right thing by resigning
Police reported 1,362 criminal incidents across Canada motivated by hate in 2015. This is a 5% increase from the previous year. Nearly half of all incidents were linked to race or ethnicity. Just over a third of reported hate crimes were motivated by hatred of a religion.
Frenchman was one of the most promising young drivers in Formula 1. Bianchi was part of Ferrari's young driver programme when he joined Marussia in 2013. The 24-year-old was killed in a crash at the Japanese Grand Prix in July last year. Ferrari
All five of these candidates are opposed to a third runway at Heathrow. Find out more about all the candidates in the London elections.
IAG boss would prefer that UK abolished Air Passenger Duty (APD) But, in its absence, he said carriers would "certainly look at what is on offer" from Stormont. Northern Ireland Executive could, on its own, scrap all APD, but it would cost it
Police received reports that a grey Toyota Rav4 had left the road and collided with a sign. Northbound lanes of the A90 were closed while an air ambulance attended. However, the driver died at the scene and a passenger was not injured.
Researchers said measuring DNA sections in cancer cells gave an "accurate indicator" of disease progression. Shorter DNA structures can leave chromosome ends exposed, accelerating cancer progression and drug resistance. Study could help doctors in choosing the most effective treatment for individual patients.
Victim, who is yet to be named, was pronounced dead at 16:45 GMT on Friday. The 29-year-old driver of a lorry involved in the crash was arrested on suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving. He was released on bail to return to an east London
Female players had been considering striking over pay discrimination. US Soccer Federation sued players' union to prevent a strike. Judge ruled players are not eligible to strike because of an earlier contract. Players will continue their wage discrimination case.
The eight-year-old female had been in Belgium awaiting transportation after being seized in Germany. The animal was seized two years ago and held in isolation at an animal welfare centre in Belgium. A spokeswoman for the zoo said she would have a "lifelong home" there.
Gerry Anderson was honoured at a ceremony in Dublin on Friday night. His wife Christine accepted the award and said he would have been "so, so proud" Gerry's career with the BBC spanned almost 30 years. He began at BBC Radio Foyle in 1985, based in his
Xbox One X, codenamed Project Scorpio, will deliver 'true 4K gaming and high-fidelity VR' But virtual reality didn't get a mention at Microsoft's E3 press event on Sunday. Head of Xbox, Mr Spencer, characterised as something of a virtual reality
Facebook was given 72 hours to take down the page 'Keeping our kids safe from predators' The page had focused on paedophiles in Northern Ireland. The man at the centre of the case has a total of 15 convictions for sexual offences, all of which were committed in the 1980s.
Halle Berry said she was 'profoundly hurt' when no black stars were nominated for 2015 Oscars. Only four black actresses have been nominated for best actress since she won 15 years ago. The Academy is inviting 774 new members from 57 countries in an effort to boost diversity.
Newsnight's James Clayton and Jack Garland followed him around for a day.
Education Minister John O'Dowd has said he wants them to complete the investigation by early summer. There have been ongoing industrial problems in the school for months. About a third of its 70-strong teaching staff were absent for a period prior to Easter.
Vilani has been on the show for seven years and won in 2011 with Harry Judd. She said this year's series had been her "best Strictly experience ever" The professional dancers are booked on a series by series contract, meaning no dancers are yet signed up for the 2016
Foreign Secretary says Iraq faces an 'existential threat' from Sunni militants. Hague met Kurdish regional government officials in Irbil to discuss ways of curbing militants' access to finance and arms. Iraqi authorities desperately seeking to repel Sunni militants, led by the Islamic State in Iraq and
Higuain's representatives are reportedly set for talks with Arsenal. The 28-year-old's release clause is set at 94,376,000 euros. Napoli have not received any offers for Senegal centre-back Kalidou Koulibaly.
Iceland is set to become the first country to introduce a law to close the wage gap between men and women. The bill would prohibit discrimination on race, religion, disability, occupational disability, age and sexual orientation grounds. Companies would face auditing and possible fines if they do not comply.
Parents and some girls who escaped say more than 200 students were seized. Nigerian police say militants are holding 223 girls, after 53 of the initial 276 girls who were abducted managed to escape. Hundreds march through Abuja to protest at government "indifference" to the mass abduction.
Matt McKeown from Plymouth, south-west England, has created a super trolley with a motor and wheels. He reckons his trolley could have set a new world record of 44 mph. Matt says he'll contact Guinness World Records to see if it can be officially recognised.
Department for the Economy plans to publish list of RHI recipients next week. Boiler owner claimed it posed a risk of reputational damage to him and losses to his business. But the department said the stated risk was "tenuous in the extreme" and it was within its rights.
From June next year, roaming charges in the EU will be abolished completely. Minister for digital economy Ed Vaizey says changes will save millions of pounds a year. Charges will also apply in Norway, Iceland and Liechtenstein. Biggest reductions will be for people downloading data
Woman, in her 20s, was attacked after leaving Henley Royal Regatta enclosure. She walked with men she met there to Harpsden Road and Reading Road area and was raped. The men then drove off in a car, which a passerby found near Three Horseshoes
The 19-year-old was released by Bolton at the end of last season. He is the son of Jussi Jaaskelainen, who made 529 appearances in 15 seasons at Bolton. Crewe have started the new season with draws at home to Mansfield and Newport.
Bombay high court confirms life sentences of 11 men found guilty of rape and murder. Five policemen and two doctors convicted of destroying evidence. Bilkis Bano was raped and beaten with a sword by Hindu mob in Godhra 15 years ago. She and her family were attacked by
Liverpool drew 2-2 with Sunderland at the Stadium of Light. Klopp made just one change to his starting XI, with Daniel Sturridge coming in for Jordan Henderson. Reds boss says he is not sure if his side can play better after the international break. Sturridge was
Sir Elton says he is not surprised DUP's Trevor Clarke said he did not know heterosexuals could contract HIV.
Software "issue" meant some EU citizens were sent polling cards and postal votes. The Electoral Commission confirmed the numbers affected so far, and said the software provider had since "resolved the issue" EU citizens from non-UK countries are not entitled to vote unless they are citizens of the Irish
Preston centre-back Bailey Wright's contract at the club expires in 2017. The 24-year-old has been with Preston since 2009. Wright has made 20 appearances in all competitions so far this season.
Satellite images appear to show two batteries of eight missile launchers and a radar system on Woody or Yongxing Island in the Paracels. China's Foreign Minister Wang Yi said reports were a Western media invention. Taiwan's defence ministry said it had "learned of an air defence missile
Angela Merkel says Europe must 'fight for its own destiny' Comments come after Mr Trump refused to re-commit to the Paris climate deal. Mrs Merkel is on the campaign trail ahead of elections in September.
Her praise of menstrual leave prompted a fiery debate among readers. Here is a selection of your experiences and opinions about the idea.
Business groups have described the levy as a new 'payroll tax' The CBI said it was a significant extra tax for business that would hit many smaller firms. Only businesses with a wage bill of more than £3m will pay the levy from April 2017.
MPs Sir Kevin Barron and John Healey awarded £40,000 each in libel damages. Caven Vines claimed during an interview in January 2015 the MPs knew about abuse but did not intervene. Mr Justice Warby said the "offensive and wrong" allegation caused "real anger and distress
At least 24 people have been killed in violence since the 8 August election. Opposition leader Raila Odinga says the poll was rigged to give President Uhuru Kenyatta victory. Kenyans on Twitter have been using the hashtag #TurudiKaziniChallenge to urge a return
Gorse fire has engulfed a large area of dry heath-land on Woodbury Common. Four treated for smoke inhalation and one was taken to hospital with burns. Twenty fire engine crews were sent to tackle the flames fanned by high winds. The nearby Woodbury Park Golf and Country
Flying can be nerve-wracking for passengers who use wheelchairs. My wheelchair has been damaged multiple times, including on a recent EasyJet flight. Dan Dorszynski's wheelchair was broken on a short flight from Philadelphia to Detroit. Jeff Courtade was left "bedbound" in
Mr Papademos and his driver suffered leg injuries but their lives are not believed to be in danger. He was appointed caretaker PM in November 2011 amid political and economic turmoil. Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras is attending a Nato summit in Brussels.
Two cars were damaged in the incident in the Nursery Drive and Parkhead area of Newry on Friday night. PSNI Newry & Mourne Facebook page said that police were "carrying out duties" when attacked.
Sean Levey came with a late rally to score on the Richard Hannon-trained colt by half a length. Earlier, 7-4 favourite Seventh Heaven, ridden by Ryan Moore, outbattled Architecture to win the Oaks Trial.
Two city marshals in Louisiana have been charged with second-degree murder. The two men opened fire on a car in which the family was riding during a traffic stop. Body-camera footage taken from them was assessed.
Harper Adams University scientists have implanted slugs with GPS trackers. The slugs are anaesthetised before a small cut is made in the skin and the tracker inserted. Researchers will go out at night when the slugs. are most active and release them with the trackers
Austria missed their first three penalties in the shootout. Simone Sorensen scored the crucial spot-kick for Denmark. The Danes will face the hosts in the final after their 3-0 win over England in the second semi-final. Dominik Thalhammer's
DNA of Yucatan girl supports theory that first Americans and modern Native Americans share a common ancestry. Divers found the juvenile's bones by chance in a vast, flooded limestone chamber on the Yucutan Peninsula. Aged 15 or 16 at death, the girl lived at least 12,
The Washington Post reports that President Donald Trump may have disclosed classified information to the Russians. The president said he did it in order to advance US national security interests. A wave of the hand on Twitter isn't going to make this story go away any time soon. Here are five reasons why
Swansea lost 3-1 to Tottenham Hotspur on Wednesday night. It was the Swans' third defeat in their last four games. Clement's side are 18th in the Premier League table and two points adrift of safety. They are five points behind West Ham,
Dr Ralf Trapp is a former senior employee of the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons. Samples from Syria gathered by inspectors had arrived at the OPCW central laboratory on Saturday. Dr Trapp believes that mid to late next week will be the earliest the UN could receive the report
Glasses with 3D camera project images of nearby people and objects on to the lenses. Allows people to see their guide dogs for the first time. Royal National Institute of Blind People says they could be "incredibly important" Initial batch of 100 glasses will be offered to blind and partially
Jason Rezaian, a dual US-Iranian citizen, is being tried in Tehran's revolutionary court. He is accused of espionage and passing classified information to "hostile governments" The Washington Post has called for the "absurd charges" to be dropped. His brother says there
The birds set up nests by burrowing tunnels in the banks of Low Gelt Quarry, near Brampton. An RSPB viewpoint on the perimeter of the quarry has attracted more than 1,000 people. The pairs were discovered by a foreman who noticed the colourful birds flying among
Seagrass was heading for extinction in Monterey Bay before sea otters returned. Scientists found that the animals triggered a chain reaction of events that boosted the water-dwelling plants. Urbanisation of California has led to a huge increase in nutrient pollution in coastal waters.
Noel Conway, 67, has motor neurone disease and cannot walk or breathe unaided. He wants a doctor to be allowed to prescribe lethal dose when his health deteriorates further. Mr Conway was too weak to attend the High Court in London in person. Any doctor who helped
Richard Callaghan pleaded guilty to being involved in supply of cocaine and cannabis. Police valued the drugs at almost Â£130,000 but the defence said it was half that amount. Judge sentenced Callaghan to two years and eight months, half of which will be spent on licence.
Katherine Zappone said Tuam discovery 'confirmed what we had all feared' Thousands of unmarried women and girls were sent to mother-and-baby homes. Conditions in many of the institutions were harsh, and some former residents felt "incarcerated"
Raith Rovers beat Celtic on penalties to win Scottish Cup in 1994. Raith had never won a major knockout competition and cost £215,000 in transfer fees. Gordon Dalziel and Paul McStay scored crucial spot-kicks for the second tier side. Celtic
Welsh government said it would consider the recommendation. Education Minister Leighton Andrews said he wanted to look into how schools can increase levels of physical activity in children and young people.
Charlie has an exceptionally rare genetic condition called encephalomyopathic mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome (MDDS) 11-month-old has severe brain damage and is on life support at Great Ormond Street Hospital. His parents want him to have an experimental treatment called nucleoside therapy. A
Establishing an outdoor learning hub would help teachers, and help shape policies and strategy. Report calls for outdoor learning to be adopted by national curricula. Losing exposure to the natural environment would have negative long-term consequences.
Former Lancashire head coach Peter Moores has been replaced by Gary Yates. The 40-year-old will be assisted by ex-Lancashire spinner Gary Yates, who was already on the club's coaching staff. Chapple has played for the Red Rose county for more
Alexis Fuller tweeted members of the England team, asking for a refund. Alex Hales obliged, asking Fuller for his bank details. Fuller posted a picture showing a transfer of £4.10 to Lord's Taverners charity.
Sam Amin, 18, fell into the river after a night out in Bath last September. Laurence Tindall, who will design the memorial, said: "We want people to think quietly about the people who lost their lives in the river and how young they all were"
England beat Slovenia 2-1 in Ljubljana to make it six wins out of six in Group E. Roy Hodgson's side lead the group by six points with four games to play. The Three Lions are unbeaten in the Premier League this season and unbeaten in all competitions
Father of gang-rape victim said: 'We want the world to know her real name' But Indian media later said the father denied giving consent for her name to be revealed. Minister Shashi Tharoor has urged authorities to reveal the name so it can be used for a new
The Inquiry hears from four expert witnesses on the war on drugs. Bonny Klapper is a former prosecutor turned defence lawyer. Cesar Gaviria worked on the Global Commission on Drug Policy report in 2011. David Murray is former chief scientist in the White House Office of National Drug Policy
Flooded River Alde over-topped the reserve at Snape, filling the freshwater marshes with saltwater. The 125-acre marsh at Snape is an extension to the existing 70-acre reserve.
Four buzzard nests and one goshawk nest were found abandoned in Moy Forest. The adult birds have disappeared and police said some of the sites appeared to have been deliberately disturbed by illegal activity. Forestry Enterprise Scotland will work closely with partners to stop this unacceptable practice.
Ciarán Maxwell, 30, remanded in custody after three-minute hearing. Arrested in Somerset last week after searches in Larne and Devon. Charged with manufacturing explosives, making devices and storing them in barrels in hides. Also charged with possessing cannabis and having images of
Brains plans a chain of about 50 outlets over the next three years in south Wales and the south west of England. The family-run brewery employs about 2,000 people. Last year's profits are up 6% against what the company described as "a tough economic backdrop"
Argentina international was named in La Liga's 2014-15 team of the season. Otamendi is Manuel Pellegrini's third major signing of the summer after Raheem Sterling and Fabian Delph. The 27-year-old ex-Porto defender is
Dave Coxon, from Torquay died after being struck once by his friend Jason James. The pair had attended the 40th anniversary rally of the Modrapheniacs Scooter Club. They were heading back to their caravan on 5 March and stopped off to relieve themselves. Mr
Belfast Telegraph says MLAs' salaries cost the taxpayer £13.5m per year. Political commentator Malachi O'Doherty says he does not envy the position of James Brokenshire. The News Letter leads with its editorial 'Morning View' on its front page.
Brent crude fell to $38.90 a barrel at one point, before recovering slightly to $39.13. US crude oil also fell, down 50 cents to $36.12 a barrel. Oil prices are down more than 10% over the week.
Chris Coleman says 2018 World Cup will be his last as Wales boss. The 46-year-old signed a two-year contract extension with Wales in May. Coleman managed Fulham in the Premier League between 2003 and 2007. He has previously managed Real Sociedad and Greek side
Global AgeWatch Index 2014 measures the social and economic welfare of those over 60 in 96 countries. According to the index, Norway comes on top and the worst country is Afghanistan, followed by Mozambique.
The 18-year-old helped the Brewers win automatic promotion from League One last season. Derby boss Nigel Clough hopes to tie up the deal by the end of the week. "We've agreed a deal in principal but it's not signed. The bones are there. We hope
Jordan will reunite with Creed director Ryan Coogler for Black Panther. He said he was'super excited' to work with Nyong'o and Chadwick Boseman. Black Panther will be released in February 2018.
Man was crossing Abbot Adams Bridge in Main Street, Kilwinning, at about 03:00. He was hit by a blue Vauxhall Corsa and taken to hospital in serious but stable condition. Police say the car drove off towards Irvine and have appealed for witnesses.
Cannabis was discovered in a van in Camlough, south Armagh. Three of the accused are from Birmingham and the fourth from County Wexford. The 167kg drugs shipment was tracked through Spain, England and Ireland, the court heard.
Imrich Joni, 20, stabbed and strangled Gordon Bolan, 68, at a flat in Glasgow. He then hid the pensioner's body in a wardrobe and washed upholstery and floors. Joni was caught after detectives found his DNA around Mr Bolam's property.
L/Cpl Edward Maher's father was questioning soldier in charge of risk assessment. He said instructors did not notice his son was "overdue, over time, and off track" Fellow reservists Craig Roberts and Cpl James Dunsby also died in July 2013. Sold
Detainee Aamer's return to the UK was greeted with a collective sigh of relief across Whitehall. But for some, his return represents a risk, with questions of legacy and lessons to be learnt. MPs are now pushing for real answers to questions about Britain's role in the
Celtic out of Champions League after 2-0 defeat in Sweden. Scottish champions went out 4-3 on aggregate after losing to Malmo on aggregate. Manager Ronny Deila says his side looked 'frightened and scared' in defeat.
FTSE 250 company Go-Ahead shares dived nearly 14% after warning of lower-than-expected full-year profits. News overshadowed the 16% rise in annual profits to Â£73.5m that the company reported for 2016. The benchmark FTSE 100
Dennis Sheehan had been on the road with U2 for more than 30 years. The band are in the middle of their latest tour and are playing a string of concerts in Los Angeles. Sheehan's death is the latest in a series of recent woes for U2.
Stephen Mallan gave the hosts the lead from the penalty spot after Calum Gallagher was fouled. Livi equalised through Liam Buchanan but Jordan White scored for the visitors. Shankland scored a stunning volley to settle the match.
Laura McCourt was diagnosed with a brain tumour last month. The 32-year-old left League Two side Luton Town by mutual consent to return home. McCourt said Northern Ireland boss Michael O'Neill told him to be there for his wife and 'don't even think about
Markit/CIPS services Purchasing Managers' Index (PMI) fell to 52.7 last month. Any figure above 50 means expansion, but the rise in service sector activity was the weakest since March 2013. The service sector accounts for more than three-quarters of the UK economy.
Anthony Allen and Anthony Conti charged with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and bank fraud. The two are from Hertfordshire and Essex respectively. That brings the total number of indicted Rabobank employees to six. Last year, Dutch lender paid fines to US, British and Dutch regulators over
Fran Kirby scores the only goal of the game as Chelsea Ladies beat Glasgow City 1-0. Kirby scored twice in Chelsea's 4-0 win over Sunderland to seal their first league title on Sunday. Glasgow keeper Lee Alexander saves well from Millie Bright and Ana Borges
Fufa admits it owes the coach and says paying him is a priority. Sredojevic led the Cranes to their first Africa Cup of Nations finals since 1978. The coach has also said he is prepared to take the matter to Fifa if necessary.
Yvette Cooper sets out plan to create two million high tech jobs in Manchester. Claims her three rivals are all "continuity Miliband" candidates who won't connect with voters. Four candidates will take part in a leadership hustings later in the city.
The White House has said Mr Trump's conversation does not signal any change in US policy. China has dismissed the call as a "petty trick" by Taiwan, Chinese state media said. The split between China and Taiwan goes back to 1949, when the Republic of China fled the mainland to
House masters, in charge of residential halls, will become 'faculty deans' Harvard Law School is also deciding whether to change its official seal because of slavery links. The seal includes the coat of arms of 18th Century college donor Isaac Royall. Royall, who helped
Germany beat Cameroon 3-1 and will play Mexico on Thursday (19:00 BST) Portugal will now face Chile in the last four after beating Australia 2-1. Cameroon finished bottom of their group with a draw against Australia.
Sao Paulo mayor Joao Doria says he does not want to see an 'open-air shopping mall for drugs' Critics say his policies are pushing the problem to other parts of the city. 500 armed police officers cleared streets of 'Cracolandia' or 'Crackland
Deputy first minister invited by Flemish government to Flanders in Belgium. He will also visit the Somme in France, where soldiers of the 36th (Ulster) and 16th (Irish) divisions fought together. Mr McGuinness said he was making the trip "in the
Manchester City are fourth in the Premier League after defeat at Chelsea. City are four points behind Arsenal and Manchester United, both of whom have a game in hand. The FA Cup is City's only realistic chance of winning a trophy this season. Guardiola has never gone a single season without
Irish-bred horse collapsed after winning Cheltenham's Festival Trials Day. Many Clouds suffered from a "severe pulmonary haemorrhage" Trainer Oliver Sherwood described him as the "horse of a lifetime"
Use the selector below to pick from our shortlist. Once you are done download your image and share with your friends. Who do you think is the best January signing?
There are 81,700 full-time servicemen and women in the Army, down from 102,260 in 2010. More reservists are being recruited but that process has been slow. Former commander Richard Kemp said it showed the plan was "incoherent" But the MoD said the
Watford beat Manchester United 3-1 in Sunday's Premier League clash. Victory leaves United seventh in the table with nine points from five games. Mourinho has lost three consecutive games in a season for the first time since 2002.
Russian Football Union acting president Nikita Simonyan says Capello's role is in question. Capello signed a four-year contract extension in January 2014 to keep him in charge until 2018 World Cup. Russia were knocked out at the group stage of the 2014 World Cup in Brazil.
Malta has an exemption from the EU Birds Directive, allowing hunters to shoot turtle doves and quail during the spring migration. Chris Packham, who is in Malta, said rare species were being targeted, and hunters were even shooting Montagu's harrier birds on the ground at night.
Off-duty inspector found the girl in Grange Lane, Lye, near Pedmore Technology College, Stourbridge. Sgt Steve Newbury said: "It's shocking to think someone could leave a child seriously hurt in the street, drive off and make no effort to get her medical treatment"
The Music Group said a consultation on redundancies at its Tannoy loudspeaker production facility in Coatbridge began on Tuesday. Production of audio equipment at the plant is understood to be moving to China. Tannoy is one of the oldest audio brands in the world, having been founded as the T
West Brom beat Stoke 1-1 in their Premier League clash at The Hawthorns. Stephane Sessegnon fired the Baggies into the lead with a powerful shot. Substitute Jonathan Walters equalised for Mark Hughes' men with a header. Geoff Cameron was sent
Oxford County Council wants to ban buses, taxis and private hire vehicles from Queen Street. Bus company said the authority needed to consider the "additional pressure" on surrounding streets. Council said it was "vital" for more pedestrians and cyclists to use the route.
Complaint accuses McDonald's of forcing franchisees to pay excessive rents and high fees. McDonald's said it shared risks and rewards with its licencees. Franchisees own and operate 73% of McDonald's restaurants in Europe.
The 57-year-old has spent the last 18 years working for the club's academy. He had three spells as a Villa player and joined the backroom staff in 1998. Cowans also played for Bari, Blackburn Rovers, Derby County, Wolves, Sheffield United, Bradford City
Blair launched 12-point plan of tough measures to deal with threat of terrorism. Opposition parties protested they had not been consulted. But the key point is this: Mr Blair had already won his third election. In contrast, Theresa May is dealing with her terrorism while the election campaign is still
Swansea beat Everton 1-0 to stay in the Premier League. Hull City lost 2-0 at home to Crystal Palace and were relegated on Saturday. Wilfried Zaha, Christian Benteke, Luka Milivojevic and Patrick van Aanholt scored
Bradford Bulls are in administration for the third time in four years. Joint administrator Gary Pettit asked fans to "remain patient" Pettit said it was crucial to obtain the right deal for the club's future.
Ms Tiffney, 43, was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in May 2002. Her remains were found by a cyclist in an area off the A198, near Gosford House in Longniddry. A murder charge against Ms Tiffney's son Sean Flynn was
Scottish golfer Scott Jamieson follows up his first round 67 with a 65 on Friday. Bjork has gone 65, 67 and 67 to leave both on 10 under for the tournament. Home favourite Thomas Aiken bagged the round of the day, a nine-under-
The US has pulled out of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPT) trade agreement. The agreement was signed by 12 countries which together cover 40% of the world's economy. It means the end of US leadership on trade and the passing of the baton to Asia. Australia's
Lara Clarke, from Walsall, won the award at the Cake International contest. The 5ft 10in (1.7m) creation was inspired by the Hunger Games star Jennifer Lawrence. Ms Clarke previously triumphed at the contest with a life-sized Johnny Depp cake.
Migrants arriving in Greece will be sent back to Turkey if they do not apply for asylum or their claim is rejected. In return, Turkey will receive aid and political concessions. Many migrants, including Syrians, are keen to go to Germany and other northern EU countries. European leaders insist that
Holy Cross Primary School in north Belfast was targeted in 2001. Protestors tried to block the main route taken by the children and their parents. DoJ has received eight claims so far, three of which have been settled. Department of Justice would not disclose how much money has been paid out
Munich's Institute of Contemporary History is to publish a new edition of the anti-Semitic book. It will aim to show that Mein Kampf is incoherent and badly written, rather than powerful or seductive. Historians say the book helps academics understand what happened in the Nazi
Noss Primary in Wick is closed until 30 May following the burst on Tuesday. Local MSP Gail Ross said it was a'saving grace' that pupils were eating lunch in dining hall. Council said the school was closed due to a'significant failure' of a hot water connection.
Roedd Mr Jones yn ymgyrchu i Brydain adael yr UE cyn y refferendwm y llynedd. Wrth gael ei holi gan y BBC ddydd Gwener dywedodd cyn ysgrifennydd Cymru
Corinthians say there is not enough time to sign Carlos Tevez before the Brazilian transfer window closes on Thursday. Tevez has told Manchester City he wants to return to South America. City thought a £40m deal had been agreed for the Argentine striker. The 27-year-
Bertrand Cantat's wife committed suicide in 2010, two-and-a-half years after his release from jail. Kristina Rady told her parents she was suffering mental and physical abuse from Cantat. Cantat was jailed for beating actress Marie Trintignant to death
Geraint Thomas wins Tour de France in 4:53:10. Marcel Kittel finishes second with Stefan Kueng in 3rd. Vasil Kiryienka, Matteo Trentin and Chris Froome complete podium.
Sean Corrigan, 31, was found at a flat in St Mary's Garden and later died. Post mortem results indicated he may have died in suspicious circumstances. Police believe Mr Corrigan may have been assaulted in the hours prior to his death.
Abe will pray for the dead but will not issue an apology, his aides said. The Japanese attack on Pearl Harbour killed 2,300 US servicemen and propelled the US into World War Two. Abe's visit comes three weeks after the 75th anniversary of the attack.
Team Sky's Gianni Moscon is facing disciplinary action from Team Sky. Moscon used racially abusive language towards FDJ's Kevin Reza at end of Friday's stage three. Team Sky chose not to withdraw Moscon from race following discussions with FDJ.
Many websites illegally sell drugs like Ritalin and Modafinil without a valid prescription. Drugs can cause dependency, heart problems and psychosis. MHRA has closed nearly 5,000 websites selling fake or unlicensed medicines.
Fighting between Muslims and Christians in CAR has driven nearly a million people from their homes. About 4,000 African troops and 1,600 French troops are trying to prevent more bloodshed in CAR. Greece has offered to host a mission headquarters and Estonia is prepared to send up to 55 troops
Clarkson could make his St Mirren debut against Alloa on Saturday. The 30-year-old joined Premiership Well for a second spell in July. St Mirren are eighth in the Championship, seven points clear of bottom side Alloa.
Fernando Torres scores on 300th appearance for Atletico Madrid. Antoine Griezmann put Atletico ahead before Denis Cheryshev equalised for Valencia. Valencia had Anderlan Santos sent off on 80 minutes before Yannick Carrasco completed the scoring.
Players and coaches left their base at the Vale Resort, Vale of Glamorgan, on Saturday and headed to Cardiff Airport. The side's appearance in France will be its first at a major tournament since the 1958 World Cup. After a send-off from pupils from Ysgol Treganna
Rooney's testimonial match will be streamed to 1.7bn people worldwide. Proceeds will be distributed to Rooney's four chosen charities. The game at Old Trafford marks his 12 years' service at United.
Some commentators feel the new constitution will further divide Egyptian society. Concern is also growing in Egypt's press over the country's failing economic fortunes.
Chinese-made aircraft went down in the Andaman Sea on 7 June with no survivors. Investigators found the pilot had lost control after entering thick storm cloud. The aircraft, a Y-8 transporter made in China, was carrying 14 crew. Most of the passengers were military personnel and family members,
Peter Gillespie, 64, from Hertfordshire, was part of a £4.7m plot to bring two million doses of counterfeit drugs from China to the UK. He was convicted of conspiring to defraud pharmaceutical wholesalers, pharmacists and members of the public.
Security review means pensioner has been banned from feeding cats at Stormont. Michael Barnier and Jim Nicholson had a 'constructive' meeting in the European Parliament. At least three of the five Belfast deaths, one of which was a 16-year old girl, were connected to drugs.
Hogmanay is a Scottish word that means 'new year' and lasts for three days. The first written mentions of Hogmanay come from 1604, although many of the traditions come from before. Around 450 years ago, there were many arguments about the Christian religion in a period
Victim, from Tyne and Wear, was struck by a Vauxhall Corsa in Dartford at 18:07 GMT. The vehicle was located in Bexleyheath and a 22-year-old man and a woman, 20, arrested. They are being held on
Xaviera Simons was visiting the safari park when she filmed the moment. The bears batted it around until their sharp claws eventually popped it.
Historic Scotland said an accurate site was needed for Mons Graupius to be included. The body has commissioned research on the battlefield along with a number of other sites. It has already placed several battlefields including Bannockburn in 1314 and Culloden in 1746 on its
Derry beat Fermanagh 3-13 to 1-10 in their opening game of the Division 2 Football League. Brendan Rogers needed 14 stitches in his lip after a challenge by Tyrone's Tiernan McCann. The Slaughtneil man had the stitches inserted last Sunday and Barton expects
About 50 Environment Agency flood warnings are currently in place across England. Flooding continues to cause severe disruption on some roads, including sections of the A428 and A3400 in Warwickshire. BBC forecaster Tomasz Schafernaker said Thursday's weather would be a "
Marco Rubio criticises rap star Snoop Dogg for shooting clown dressed as US president. Video is remix of Lavender by Canadian group BadBadNotGood featuring Snoop and Kaytranada. Mr Rubio says: "We've had presidents assassinated before... so anything like that is something
Floating turbines will allow wind power to be harvested in waters too deep for conventional bottom-standing turbines. The Peterhead wind farm, known as Hywind, is a trial which will bring power to 20,000 homes. Manufacturer Statoil says output from the turbines is expected to equal or
Francesco Molinari leads the Masters after a two-under-par first round of 70. US Open champion Johnson was the only top-10 player in the field in North Carolina. The 32-year-old is looking to become the first player since Tiger Woods in 2007-
From the new year, Newsweek will be a digital-only publication. Death of print edition caused by falling advertising revenues, as audiences moved online. Editor Tina Brown described it as "a new chapter" for the magazine.
Russia's economy, heavily reliant on energy exports, hit by oil price slump and Western sanctions. The rouble fell to a rate of 57 to the dollar on Monday, a fall of more than 6% after some gains last week. Russia blocked most imported Western food in retaliation for the measures
Theresa May unveils plan to increase minimum term for killing an officer to life without parole. Current minimum sentence for a police murder is 30 years. Police Federation urges her not to base legislation changes on behaviour of a 'handful of officers' Home secretary was heckled at last year
Both sides believe that is where the highest numbers of undecided voters are to be found. Morgan Brobyn, from Vote Leave, said he was looking to take advantage of the split loyalties many feel because of their previous support for remain-supporting Labour. Rock-solid Labour areas will
Steven McIvor, 32, stole Â£2,000 and 5,300 Euros from Letterbox Bistro in Balerno, Glasgow. Thieves had scarves over their mouths and each was armed with a knife. Owner Steven Carlyle pressed an alarm that was supposedly in
Gregor Thomson, 26, charged with attempted murder after attack in Falkirk. 56-year-old man was attacked on Davies Row in the town on Sunday. Police said he suffered severe facial injuries in a'serious and sustained assault' He was placed in a medically-induced coma
Omeruo is on a season-long loan at Turkish side Kasimpasa from Chelsea. The 22-year-old defender has been told by the team doctor he needs time to recover. He was first called up by Nigeria in January 2013 and played at the 2014 World Cup.
MoD study said HMS Ocean was the most effective helicopter platform. HMS Illustrious would be withdrawn from service once HMS Ocean had been refitted. Four Devonport-based frigates, HMS Chatham, Campbeltown, Cumberland and Cornwall will be withdrawn in 2011.
UE Item Club's UK growth forecast for 2016 has been cut from 2.3% to 1.9%. Its forecast for GDP growth for 2018 has also been slashed to just 0.4% for 2017. Report said the vote would have "severe confidence effects on spending and business investment
Mason and Houghton could make their Blackburn debuts on Saturday. Chelsea goalkeeper Matej Delac has joined Belgian side Royal Excel Mouscron on a season-long loan. Bekanty Victorien Angban will spend the coming campaign on loan at Granada.
Labour leader tells CBI he will not stand back when there is injustice in the workplace. He warns of "real problems" in today's jobs market, citing low wages and gender pay gap. Tories say Labour only offers "spending, borrowing and taxing"
Sgt McCabe made a series of complaints about garda conduct of investigations. Mr Callinan denied any wrong-doing when the allegations were made. Report identified serious flaws and failures in criminal investigations.
Brook House holds almost 400 adult male asylum seekers, illegal immigrants and foreign national offenders. Prison inspectors discovered average stay at facility had risen from 28 to 48 days. Home Office said it did not want to detain people for longer than necessary.
Wales begin their Six Nations campaign against Ireland in Dublin. Gatland won a first clean sweep in his maiden Six Nations as coach in 2008 after Wales' disappointing 2007 World Cup display. He guided Wales to a second Grand Slam in 2012 after narrowly missing out on the 2011 World Cup final
Monty McIlroy carded a five-under-par 66 in his second round of the Scottish Open. The Scot is one shot off the lead going into the final round at Royal Troon. McIlroy is bidding to qualify for one last time for an Open on his home course
Chelsea beat Peterborough United 4-1 in the third round of the Capital One Cup. Terry was shown a straight red card for a foul on Lee Angol in the first half. The 36-year-old defender faces a one-game ban if he does not appeal the decision.
Southbound carriageway closed between junction 16 and 15 for Crewe/Stoke-on-Trent. Man was taken to hospital where he remains in a critical condition. Southbound stretch of road reopened at about 10:00.
Nottingham Forest manager Mark Warburton wants a squad of 21-22 players next season. The Reds used 42 different players as they avoided relegation to League One on goal difference. Warburton's side beat Ipswich 3-0 on Sunday to ensure their Championship survival.
NSPCC urges app's makers to add safety measures before UK release. Warns adults could use it to prey on children.
Reg Stocking was left lying in a pool of blood in West Bromwich. Andrew Jones, 34, was convicted of GBH and robbery. He was also found guilty of a burglary using Mr Stocking's car as a getaway.
In 2014, 34,670 students travelled from outside the European Union (EU) to study in Scotland. PwC said its research showed the overall experience of foreign students is compromised by the UK's complex immigration system. Auditors claim this also has an impact on their ability to secure work
David Scully put Harps ahead on 45 minutes with Adam Hanlon free-kick. Former Derry player Ryan Curran doubled the lead on 75 minutes. Rory Patterson replied in injury-time but it was too late for Derry.
Local Government Association analysis of official figures suggests 80,716 new secondary places will be required by 2019-20. Department for Education says it has provided local authorities with the funding they need for new places. But the LGA said the crunch in primary schools meant an extra 130,000 were
Eastern Bay Link Road was part of the Welsh Government's 2014 budget. It will connect the A4232 at Queensgate roundabout with the Ocean Way roundabout in Tremorfa. First Minister Carwyn Jones will officially open it on Thursday morning at 19:00 BST.
Ordinary Egyptians appear to be losing their fear of direct confrontation with the security forces. There have been bloody and drawn out clashes all over Cairo and in some of Egypt's main cities. Opposition leader Mohamed ElBaradei was swiftly moved inside the gates of the mosque as clashes began.
Nottingham-born actress was told she could have a free ride on the tram. But she and her mother were later challenged by a conductor. She said attempts to prove who she was fell on deaf ears at the time. Tram operator said it was an 'unfortunate misunderstanding
Alex Gray, from Perth in Tayside, is awaiting sentence after being convicted of harassment and burglary. Lily Allen said she was not angry with Gray and claimed "the system has failed him" Gray's mother Michelle said she had tried to get help for her son from the authorities for
Move is part of national fire service reforms unveiled by Theresa May last week. Sussex PCC Katy Bourne said emergency services would have an increased duty to collaborate under the new bill. But West Sussex County Council said it already had an excellent model.
Castle MacLellan Foods will receive support for its Kirkcudbright base from parent company Kavli. The funds will be used to expand and streamline production areas within the factory. It is expected work will start on site in January 2014, with completion by September 2014.
The 29-year-old man was attacked at the Gorbals venue's Island Bar at about 01:30. He was taken to the Queen Elizabeth University Hospital but was released after treatment. His attacker was white, in his late teens to early 20s, between 5ft 7in
Serbian FA charged with alleged racist chanting by fans. Both associations also charged over behaviour of players at the end of the game. Violent scenes erupted shortly after Connor Wickham's goal for England.
The Management Group are countersuing Depp after he sued them for $25m. They claim the actor is "fully responsible for any financial turmoil" he faces. Depp's latest legal tussle comes in the wake of his divorce to Amber Heard.
The 62-year-old scored almost 15,000 runs for Derbyshire between 1977 and 1988. He will rejoin the team in June, a month before the T20 Blast begins. Director of cricket Kim Barnett said Wright won the IPL with the Mumbai Indians.
Dr Barry Morgan has been at the head of the Church in Wales for nearly 14 years. He is set to retire on 31 January - his 70th birthday. During that time he has supported gay marriage and more powers for the Welsh Assembly. But he said he still believes the law introducing presumed
Welsh secretary has pledged to keep Wales at the discussion table on devolution. He has already held preliminary discussions with William Hague, a former Welsh secretary. Comes as Wales' First Minister Carwyn Jones called for a convention on future of the UK.
The 20-year-old has come through the academy at the Premier League club. He played for the under-23 side in the EFL Trophy. "I'm very excited to be playing under Keith Hill, who is a great manager," he says.
Welsh Premier League leaders join Dundee United, Queen of the South and St Mirren in Monday's draw. Robbie Parry slotted the visitors into a half time lead. Steven Saunders doubled the advantage from close range on 58 minutes.
Increase would add nearly £200 to a Band D bill, bringing it to about £1,500. Council leader David Hodge said the government had cut its annual grant by £170m since 2010. Government said if the proposed budget is set, taxpayers would have the final say in a referendum
Kenyatta made the pledge in a Ramadan message to Muslims. The government shut 13 Somalia-linked firms in April, saying it wanted to prevent militant Islamists from using them to finance attacks. Somalis around the world rely heavily on the firms to do business and send cash to relatives in
Leyton Orient beat Dagenham & Redbridge 2-1 in League Two clash. Jamie Cureton and Clevid Dikamona scored to give Daggers hope. But Armand Gnanduillet scored the winner to keep Orient's play-off hopes alive.
Jobless rate in the 17 countries that use the euro rose to 10.7% in January, Eurostat said. In Italy, the unemployment rate rose to 9.2%, the highest since monthly records began. The data comes a day after the European Central Bank said it had provided a
Nato says it is monitoring the Russian fleet in a "measured and responsible way" The sub was 20km (12 miles) from the Admiral Kuznetsov at the time of the incident, the military said. Russia sent a flotilla to the eastern Mediterranean ahead of an
Aberdeen boss would not speak about'speculation' linking him with Rangers job. Rangers are seeking a new manager after parting company with Mark Warburton. Dons host Motherwell in the Scottish Premiership on Wednesday.
The West Yorkshire city was praised for holding several curry-themed events. Judges scored four restaurants selected to represent each town or city. Glasgow finished second and Brighton came in third in the competition.
Drag Me Down is One Direction's first single as a foursome since Zayn Malik left. The track broke streaming records, earning the highest first-week streams for a single in the UK with more than 2.03 million plays.
Syrian army backed by Russian air power has made a series of gains in Aleppo province. Nato has accused Russia of "undermining" Syrian peace efforts. Turkey and Russia have been embroiled in a row since Turkey shot down a Russian jet.
Helicopter was flying to Cuernavaca for a prosecutors' meeting when it went down. All eight people on board were killed. President Felipe Calderon said weather conditions were probably to blame.
The presidential contest is seen as a two-horse race between Prime Minister Raila Odinga and Deputy Prime Minister Uhuru Kenyatta. Voters are choosing a president, members of parliament and senators, the new posts of county governors and members of county assemblies. This time the poll
Linfield will play La Fiorita of San Marino in a first-round Champions League qualifier. The first leg will take place on 28 June, with the return leg on 4 July. Tuesday and Wednesday slot used by Uefa will be set aside as the first leg coincides with the '
Airport will close runway for 48 hours each weekend until 19 December. 50,000 tonnes of material will be laid on the 2.9km (1.8 mile) runway. The runway was last refurbished in 1999 and has a lifespan between 12 to 17 years.
Man, 31, approached Police Community Support Officers guarding a cordon in Albert Road in Plymouth. Devon and Cornwall Police said it is believed he was assaulted in nearby Exmouth Road. Two men, aged 58 and 46, arrested on suspicion of assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent.
Carmen Beckford was the first black recipient of an MBE in the South West. The former midwife died at a care home in Bristol earlier this week. She helped set up the St Pauls Carnival in 1967 and was appointed the first Race Relations Officer in Bristol.
Davies signs two-year deal with Derby County. The 32-year-old made 29 appearances for Hull last season. He has previously played for Luton, West Brom, Aston Villa and Birmingham City.
Celebrity book clubs are becoming more and more popular. Emma Watson, Florence Welch, Reese Witherspoon and Sarah Jessica Parker are big players. Richard Madeley and Judy Finnigan started Richard and Judy book clubs on TV. The Reading Agency says recommendations are the best way
Tina Wallace was accused of being harassed by her rugby player husband in May last year. She claimed he appeared at the kitchen window of the house while a male friend was present. Mr Wallace, 37, denied the allegations at Belfast Magistrates' Court. A judge dismissed the charge after
Nic White will join Exeter from French Top 14 side Montpellier. White, 26, has 22 international caps for Australia and New Zealand. Exeter boss Rob Baxter says White "potentially fills a slot in a Premiership side"
Burundi was plunged into its worst crisis since the end of a civil war in 2005. Tension between Tutsi minority and Hutu majority has plagued country since independence in 1962. Pierre Nkurunziza, a former Hutu rebel leader, elected president in democratic elections
Mark Drakeford has already apologised for the scandal on the Tawel Fan ward. It followed a damning report into what went on with families saying patients were treated like animals in a zoo. But he said the embarrassment to the Welsh government was the "least important part" of it all.
Scotland are second bottom of their World Cup qualifying group on four points. Strachan would not be drawn on his future following last week's 3-0 defeat by England. Motherwell boss McGhee said he would be 'amazed' if Strachan did not keep his job.
Industrial action is part of an ongoing dispute over staffing and role of conductors. Merseyrail said strike will damage Liverpool's reputation during Grand National race meeting. RMT general secretary Mick Cash said company's 'cynical and hostile stance' left union 'no option'
Ms Sayeed is known for her long hair and figure-hugging outfits, seen as taboo by many in Afghanistan. She has received a number of death threats from those who say her outfits are an affront to Afghan culture. More than 3,000 tickets were sold at premium rates
Woman stopped in front of police car with inches to spare. She had been driving east towards Newmarket on the westbound carriageway.
Four-year arts programme began in 2008 and ended with the London 2012 Festival last summer. Report says 29% of the UK population was aware of the Olympiad and the festival by September 2012. But Marc Sands, Tate's director of audiences and media, says many were unaware they were
Swansea winger Dyer will have surgery after limping off against Leicester on Sunday. The 29-year-old has featured in five games since Paul Clement was appointed Swans boss. Jefferson Montero and Mo Barrow also out injured for Swansea.
Dover are three points behind Tranmere in sixth, with three games in hand. Welling remain nine points adrift of safety. Raggett scored just his fourth goal in 33 appearances this season.
With a 2% fall, Wal-Mart was one of the big losers. Analysts said the market appears to be winding down before the holiday period.
Northumberland County Council says the weather is now warm enough for potholes to be filled in. Extra staff will also be out repairing drainage systems damaged by heavy rain and clearing gutters.
Kevin Paddick, 34, is accused of killing Danny Myers, 23, from Enfield. Mr Myers died in hospital after he was stabbed at an address in St Osyth. A 29-year-old woman from Clacton, who was arrested on suspicion of murder, has been
Woman injured in shooting at Carataggio beach near Porto-Vecchio. Suspect owns a beachside cafe, police said on Friday. One man had been questioned in connection with the shooting but had since been released.
Thousands of Chinese women take to Weibo to share their thoughts on shaving armpit hair. Some say it is down to the individual, others say it's a matter of personal choice. Others say it has nothing to do with hygiene and is a seasonal choice.
Richard Parks had been attempting to take blood and muscle samples at summit. The 38-year-old had reached Camp Two, which is 6,400m (21,000ft) above sea level. Results over the weekend showed he had abnormal blood readings, putting him at greater risk of
Egyptian President Abdul Fattah al-Sisi forced to defend decision to give away islands. Uninhabited islands Tiran and Sanafir have been under Egyptian control since 1950. At least 80 people were arrested in Cairo and Alexandria, officials said.
Shares in Sports Direct closed down 9% on Friday. The retailer said the move will hit next year's profit by about £15m. Overnight on Friday the pound temporarily plunged by 6% in a flash crash.
Sheeran managed to drive off the test track at Dunsfold Aerodrome in Surrey. He said he'd never driven a car ahead of the recording of the new series. The track was added to Google Street View last year. Kiefer Sutherland and Will Smith will also
Farage has been one of the UK's most prominent supporters of US President Donald Trump. He was the first UK politician to meet Mr Trump after his election win in November. The former UKIP leader has been given his own nightly show on UK radio station LBC.
Royal College of Surgeons says 450,000 patients are waiting for treatment. Welsh government says waiting times have been cut since devolution. But RCS says more needs to be done to tackle deteriorating waiting times. Operations are being cancelled on a weekly basis because of lack of critical care
Mohammed Haji Sadiq denies 15 child sex offences over a 10-year period. He taught Koran Studies at the Madina mosque in Cardiff between 1976 and 2006. The allegations involve four girls and are said to have taken place between 1996 and 2006 at the mosque, then situated on Woodville
Konta beat Kristyna Pliskova of the Czech Republic 6-4 6-7 (11-13) 6-3. She will next face Katerina Siniakova, who beat Nina Stojanovic in straight sets.
Zheng He made seven epic voyages, reaching south-east Asia, the Middle East, and Africa. Some say he even made it to America - several decades before Christopher Columbus. Zheng is being hailed anew as a national hero; invoked by the Communist Party as a pioneer of China
Wales face Tonga and Samoa in June and Jones believes it will be perfect opportunity for Griffiths to gain international experience. Jones described 22-year-old Griffiths as the "complete open-side flanker" Former Wales captain Jones says the target is to finish the season above Edinburgh
Silverstone has been home to the British Grand Prix every year since 1987. The British Racing Drivers' Club (BRDC) says it cannot afford to host the race unless a new deal is agreed. Formula 1 owner Liberty Media said it regrets the BRDC's decision.
Our Mutual Friend and The Mystery of Edwin Drood were penned at the desk. The furniture would have been sold at public auction if it was not for the grant. Made famous in paintings begun the year he died, the Empty Chair by Luke Fildes.
Lawsuits had demanded court block decision to form the panel as it did not reflect diversity of society. They said women, young people and minorities were under-represented. Liberals and secularists fear some would like to amend constitution to follow Islamic law more strictly. Muslim Brotherhood's Freedom and
The new law was proposed by the Football Association and will apply to domestic and international football. The International Football Association Board (IFAB) passed the law at a meeting in Zurich. It will come in to force on 1 June, in time for the World Cup in Brazil.
Dom Bess takes 6-28 on his County Championship debut for Somerset. The 19-year-old has the best figures by a Somerset debutant for 55 years. His victims included Ian Bell and Jonathan Trott, who have both played 170 Tests for England.
The commission is investigating tax deals granted to US companies for setting up headquarters in Europe. Next month the EU is expected to deliver its decision on Apple. The company could be hit with a multi-billion pound bill for unpaid taxes. Apple has been accused of sheltering billions of pounds in
Kate Richardson-Walsh and Helen will compete at their fourth Olympics. Crista Cullen and Alex Danson will be at their third Games. Striker Lily Owsley, 21, will make her Games debut. Barry Middleton has been named in the GB men's
Scheduled to revamp Newport and Bridgend centres, move people back into empty homes in Port Talbot. Vacant flats above shops in Swansea will also be converted into homes. Derelict sites in Merthyr Tydfil will be built on.
Cross-party committee of MPs will consider e-petitions to get issues on political agenda. New site will be jointly run by House of Commons and government. Petitions will be easy way to let MPs and ministers know they care about.
Biologist and entrepreneur Craig Venter was vilified by the scientific community. He turned the effort to map the human genome into a competitive race. His work has helped speed up the creation of a synthetic life form.
Royal Cornwall Hospital Trust said it was overwhelmed over Easter. In February, the trust declared a "black alert" for about a week. A black alert is the highest level of alert and means services are unable to cope.
GB had opened their campaign with a comfortable 31-7 win over Kenya. Joint favourites New Zealand beat New Zealand 14-12 in their opening game. GB face New Zealand at 16:30 on Wednesday in the final Pool C match.
Theresa May is hoping for a strong, clear and personal mandate to lead the negotiations. But in European terms, that's something of a secondary issue. Lead negotiator Michel Barnier will have to deal with whoever is in residence in 10 Downing Street. EU negotiators have been working hard behind
Keith Baker admitted raping and assaulting the woman over an eight-year period. His wife Caroline admitted she helped him and indecently assaulted the woman herself. The couple will be sentenced on 2 December.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said job losses were 'distressing' Fund will offer grants for individuals to acquire specialised skills or further training. Also announced was £12.5m of Scottish Enterprise funding for oil and gas firms.
The Welsh Government has agreed to sign over some land near the entrance to Pembrey Country Park. It will be used to stage competitive cycle sports as well as recreational events, coaching and training.
Robber took money box before making off in a small white car in Shettleston. Police said the white Hyundai i10 sped away from the scene of the robbery towards Springboig Road. No-one was seriously injured in the incident but a security guard suffered a minor injury.
Celtic Energy transferred ownership of the mines to a firm in the Caribbean. Serious Fraud Office accused six people of trying to avoid paying restoration costs. A judge threw out the case against them.
Ar un adeg roedd deg person tân yno yn defnyddio offer arbennig i'w codi uwchben yr adeilad er mwyn ceisio diffodd y fflamau. Yn ôl adroddiad
Chelsea beat Manchester United 3-0 at Stamford Bridge. Pedro, N'Golo Kante and Gary Cahill on target for Chelsea. Chelsea move to within a point of Premier League leaders Manchester City. Jose Mourinho was making his first return to Stamford Bridge since he was sacked.
Kaya Scodelario was one of the longest-serving members of the cast of Skins. She went on to appear in sci-fi thriller Maze Runner and Pirates of the Caribbean with Johnny Depp. Nicholas Hoult was the only member of the main cast who had serious
Police Scotland backed down from arming some officers for routine duties last year. Force said specialist armed officers will only be deployed in firearms incidents or where there is a threat to life. Assistant Chief Constable Bernie Higgins gave evidence at Holyrood's justice committee. He said armed officers were among the
ECB's deposit rate, which applies to money parked overnight by commercial banks, is now minus 0.4%. Japan is the first G20 major economy to borrow money by issuing bonds for 10 years at an interest rate of less than zero. Inflation, in the judgement of central banks in
Police were called to Nuthurst Park in Moston, Manchester, just before 18:55 BST. Reports of a girl being raped and the suspect being chased off by members of the public. A 16-year-old boy was arrested in a nearby shop and remanded in custody.
The Legend of Barney Thomson will open the 69th year of the festival on Wednesday 17 June. The film stars Carlyle alongside Emma Thompson and Ray Winstone. Tickets for the film's public screening at Edinburgh's Festival Theatre go on sale on Wednesday.
Staff at Loch of the Lowes fear former resident Lady may be dead. She failed to return to the nest for the first time in a quarter of a century. The venerable osprey laid almost 70 eggs and reared 50 chicks at the reserve.
Jose Manuel Barroso said free movement of people within the EU was an 'essential' principle that could not be changed. Tory Party chairman Grant Shapps said the outgoing president was 'out of touch' and an 'unelected bureaucrat' He said the UK could not negotiate with
Global energy consumption grew by just 0.9% in 2014, according to BP's Statistical Review of World Energy. China's economy moving away from "energy-intensive sectors" blamed for slowing demand growth. BP's chief executive Bob Dudley said 2014 was characterised by "volatility and uncertainty
Justice and Civil Liberties Minister Simon Hughes said work on a national standard could begin as soon as the Shropshire inquiry concludes. Last month, its head David Jenkins said at least 60 families had been affected. Co-operative Funeralcare, which took over the running of the site in 2011,
Samoa-born Tuilagi is still recovering from a knee injury he picked up in October. The 23-year-old has won 25 caps for England and played once for the British and Irish Lions. He has had prolotherapy - injections of a sugar solution - as part of his
Igor Dodon, head of the Party of Socialists, is riding a wave of public discontent. Moldova has moved closer to the European Union in the past seven years. Last year, three banks collapsed and $1bn disappeared - one-sixth of the country's GDP.
Carlisle United boss will meet with board to discuss club's plans next week. Curle led the Cumbrians to the League Two play-offs this season. Carlisle lost 6-5 on aggregate to Exeter in the play-off final at Wembley.
Ordnance Survey maps only refer to Black Rock Sands near Porthmadog by that name. But it is also known locally as Traeth Morfa Bychan - after the village next to the shoreline. OS told the authority the name was adopted after consultation with the council.
Grace Taylor, who was backpacking, had been uncontactable since 16 February. The family filed a missing person report to Dorset Police. Ms Taylor contacted her family, who booked her a flight home, but she did not board.
South Wales Police have arrested a 21-year-old man in connection with the incident. The man's injuries were not life-threatening, said police. Roads were closed for a time to allow crime scenes officers to investigate.
Welsh First Minister says Tory immigration policy is 'disturbing, sinister and beneath contempt' He urges Welsh Labour to be a 'roadblock' to Tory plans to restrict immigration. Welsh Tory leader Andrew RT Davies described Mr Jones's comments as 'ludicrous'
Prof Patrick Johnston says public funding is needed to bridge Â£100m gap. "We have to either come up with a number of solutions, one of which might be the public purse begins to fund the full investment in higher education," he says.
Previously walkers were allowed to walk up to six charges, but this has been curbed. Gosport Borough Council says it brought in the £100 fines to combat dog mess and poorly controlled dogs. Similar fines are in place in other areas including Oxford.
Victim Gary Hoy was abused by two men who were subsequently convicted. There have been allegations that a paedophile ring at Kincora was linked to the British intelligence services. The government has so far refused calls for the abuse scandal at the Belfast home to be included within the scope of an
Brothers Jason Russell, Darren, 26, and Daniel Hughes, 36, were trekking in a remote area. They were rescued on Thursday after an earlier attempt to find them failed. The were taken to a military base in Kathmandu to await their flight home.
Both Wales men's and women's teams have reached the A Division of the EuroHockey Championship. Wales lost to Scotland in the final of the women's tournament. Clements says it has been a 'challenge' on a limited budget, but feels it will bring benefits.
Donegal beat Fermanagh 3-0 in the Ulster Championship quarter-finals. Sean MacNiallais scored two goals to set up a semi-final clash with Monaghan. Fermanagh's Neil McGee was sent off in the first half for a punch on Ruairi Cor
Fulham manager Jokanovic says Martin will stay at Craven Cottage. Derby manager Steve McClaren said he was surprised Martin was allowed to leave the club. Martin has scored seven goals in 17 appearances for Fulham in the Championship this term.
An estimated 70,000 people have moved to the gold fields in Uganda in the past five years. Men worked in the mines 24 hours a day, but it was clear the operation was completely unregulated. Ugandan soldiers armed with tear gas shut down the Mubende mines a few days ago
Chancellor says the government must be'realistic' about achieving a surplus by 2020. Target had been the chancellor's most prized goal and had been driving austerity measures. But he said the economy is showing 'clear signs' of shock following the vote to leave the EU. Theresa
Five candidates vying to replace Sepp Blatter as president of world football's governing body. Blatter, 79, said last year he was standing down amid a growing corruption crisis. Fifa has spent £500,000 converting its headquarters into a back-up venue. There are 209
Paul Kohler, 55, needed facial reconstruction surgery after the attack. Mariusz Tomaszewski, 32, and Pawel Honc, 24, received 19 years each. Oskar Pawlowicz, 30, and Dawid Tychon, 29, were sentenced to 13 years each
Salford Red Devils face Wigan Warriors in the other semi-final. The semi-finals will take place at neutral venues on the 28 and 29 July. Hull were the final side to confirm their place in the final four after defeating Castleford.
Councils approved 1,584 applications from people with convictions. More than 1,200 taxi-related complaints in 2014 - a small rise on 2013. But the Scottish Taxi Federation said the public should not be concerned.
Comedy website Chortle said the 71-year-old was "pleading penury" on tour. Daily Mail said he had become "rueful - even, in the true sense of the word, pathetic" The Alimony Tour - so-called because Cleese says it
Cardiff City forward Macheda will stay at the City Ground until the end of the season. The 24-year-old has not started a Championship match for the Bluebirds this term. Forest midfielder Vaughan has signed a one-year contract until the summer of 2017.
We travelled to southern Bangladesh, where many of the migrants set off on their perilous voyages. What we have discovered brings a shocking new dimension to this story that speaks of the terrible desperation that is driving this vast movement of people. We met one of the people smugglers on what Bangladeshis proudly
Karen Munro regularly films and photographs the aurora near her home in Caithness. She set up a camera to capture footage for a time lapse of the Northern Lights through a window while she slept. The display was visible between 03:00 and 04:00 on Thursday.
Alexis Scott, 39, tricked people into thinking they had too much cash on them. She was convicted of six counts of theft and one count of misfeasance. Judge James Mahoney said the severity of her crime meant she would be split up from her young daughter, who had been with
The 50km (31 mile) Hong Kong Ultramarathon saw competitors cover the same stretch of road 25 times. Nestor Wong won the event in 3:24:20 and defended the course, saying it helped to hear the cheering crowds.
Distribution and packaging services will be taken over by a Northampton-based provider from April 2017. Crabtree & Evelyn employs 54 people at its Pontyclun site. The company said it was in talks with staff about the "transfer of employment"
As Africa becomes more connected, publishers and educators are finding new ways to reach young audiences. Digital technologies offer the potential to tackle some of the continent's chronic education challenges. 30 million children in sub-Saharan Africa without any education at all. Obami.com is a social learning platform
Nicole Clark used her mother Avril Stewart's bank details to set up online accounts. The 30-year-old admitted stealing the money between 8 August and 26 August last year. Depute fiscal Robbie Brown told Perth Sheriff Court that the accused's mother had not recouped any of the stolen
US economy added 209,000 jobs last month, while unemployment rate fell to 4.3%. Dow Jones closed at a record for the eighth consecutive day. Shares of banks, which benefit from higher rates, saw some of the most significant gains. Viacom shares sank nearly 14
There has been a 13,100 rise in the number of nurses working on NHS wards since May 2010. But this is only true if you look just at nurses on acute, elderly or general wards. If you look at all areas of nursing, there has been an increase of 5,000
The store was opened by Thomas Austin in 1830 and is thought to be one of the oldest in Europe. In November 2014, the building was sold to the City Hotel Group. The receiver then sold the trading side of the business. Staff were told on Tuesday that the city centre business had
Three is the first mobile network to abolish roaming charges in select countries. Customers travelling to the Republic of Ireland, Australia, Italy, Austria, Hong Kong, Sweden and Denmark. Three customers on a pay monthly contract would be able to use allowances of free minutes, texts and data.
Hannah Witheridge, 23, and David Miller, 24, were found dead on a beach on the island of Koh Tao. Forensic tests revealed traces of semen from two different men, but no DNA matches. Police admit they "don't know where to look now" as they
"It's going to be up to someone else now," he says of Tory leadership race.
Zambia has about 1,600 doctors for a population of 14 million. Two-thirds of these are working in towns and cities, while most population is in the countryside. For many, it is not practical to expect sick and frail people to walk or cycle for hours to hospital.
Abdul Hafidah died from a stab wound to the neck after the attack in Moss Side. Police believe he had been chased by a group of men before he was hit by a car and attacked. Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder and a 17-year-old
Hotel Chocolat is a multi-million pound chocolate shop chain based in London. It has 81 shops, eight cafes, two restaurants, and a hotel. Co-founder and chief executive says he was inspired to set up his own business by his father's printing firm. He
Islamic tradition requires the dead to be buried as soon as possible, unless an autopsy is required. Religious rites were carried out on the deck of a US aircraft carrier, the USS Carl Vinson. Body was shrouded in a white sheet and placed in a weighted bag, then positioned on a
Shares in miners rebounded as investors looked for bargains following recent falls in the sector. Sentiment was also helped by upbeat economic data from China - the world's largest importer of raw materials. BHP Billiton rose 3.3% and Rio Tinto was 3% higher.
The 66-year-old, of Ballybinaby, Hackballscross, County Louth, faces nine tax charges. Prosecutors claim he had significant dealings in cattle and land and received farming grants but failed to submit tax returns for nine years. Mr Murphy denies the offences.
From April 2017, 600,000 small firms will not have to pay business rates. 250,000 will pay lower rates to fund the giveaway. George Osborne also said corporation tax would be cut to 17% by 2020.
Cuthbert has not played for Wales since their win over Scotland in February. He was left out of the matchday squads for their final three matches of the Six Nations. Ex-Wales centre James says Cuthbert faces a big task to win the shirt back.
Christian averaged 41, with a strike-rate of 159.51, as Notts Outlaws won nine matches in a row in 2016. The 33-year-old captained the side during this year's tournament. Christian has played 174 Twenty20 matches during his career, scoring 2,549
Body of Lindsay Rimer, 13, was found in Rochdale Canal five months after she disappeared. Her killer has never been found and West Yorkshire Police are treating the death as murder. The force said a new DNA profile had been identified, which it hoped would lead them to identify the
McGinty played 13 times for the Conference club after joining on loan in February. The 21-year-old ex-Manchester United trainee says it is a "fantastic move for me at this stage in my career" Goalkeeper Phil Smith has agreed a new one-
Bevan, 18, broke his left tibia and fibia after landing on a concrete floor. He won team silver at the World Championships in Glasgow last month. British Gymnastics' medical team is expected to issue more information on the teenager's injury on Tuesday.
Violence erupted on outskirts of Jerusalem's Old City and across occupied West Bank. Two Palestinians were reported killed by troops - one in West Bank, the other in Gaza. Tension remains despite the end of a stand-off at the holy site. Israel removed all the security apparatus following
Booking.com audit of accounts from 2003 to 2012. French government said company had a base in France and was obliged to pay income and value-added taxes. Company said majority of funds being sought are penalties.
TfL announced a public consultation process to decide how the city's private hire trade should be regulated. Proposals include improving the driving and English language skills of drivers and stricter insurance requirements. Uber said that the proposals would raise prices and add to congestion in London. An online petition
Cadel Evans takes yellow jersey from Andy Schleck ahead of final stage of Tour de France. Tony Martin wins time-trial to move 1:34 ahead of Schleck in overall standings. Final 95km run into Paris traditionally not contested by general classification contenders.
The children were held in a military barracks in Maiduguri, a UN spokesman says. Details of their ages and length of detention have not been given. Nigeria has been fighting a seven-year insurgency against Boko Haram. The army has not made any comment.
Britain can claim maximum of two Olympic berths for the women's event if any of the GB athletes - other than Murray - can finish in the top eight in Sunday's final. Francesca Summers secured the last automatic qualification place in the first of the combined heats. Jamie Cooke, Tom
More than 700,000 employees face unpaid leave due to the shutdown. Hyundai said affected employees who currently own its vehicles will be given a payment relief. Many analysts have said that the move had helped the South Korean firm win customer loyalty.
Photographer Jason Sheldon wrote open letter to Taylor Swift over image rights. He said Swift's management company had long-term rights to use images from live concerts. Swift's representatives said agreement with photographer was'misrepresentative' Photographer said he had seen a 2015 version of the
Jonathan Platt successfully contested a fine from Isle of Wight Council. He took his young daughter on a family holiday to Florida in April. Council took him to court after he refused to pay a Â£120 fine. As a "person of interest" in the case, he has
Rowan County Clerk Kim Davis turned away two gay couples seeking marriage licences on Tuesday morning. The US Supreme Court on Monday rejected the argument that her faith prevented her from carrying out her duty. She has refused to issue any marriage licences since the court legalised gay marriage nationwide two months ago.
Ukraine finished sixth in Athens 2004, fourth in Beijing 2008 and fourth in London 2012. They are now third in the medal table at the Rio Paralympics, having won 72 medals so far. Ukraine's Paralympic chief Valeriy Sushkevych is the man credited with
PSNI and MI5 believe the documents could put the lives of individuals at risk. A 69-year-old man was arrested in Dartford, Kent, on Sunday. It is understood he retired from the ombudsman's office a number of years ago. Police have begun a criminal investigation
School crossing patrol personnel numbers have dropped by about 75 since 2013. Overall, councils spent £810,000 less on the service than three years ago. Stirling Council has reduced its outlay by the highest percentage, spending 50% less. West Dunbartonshire cut its spending on patrol
The Nikkei 225 index closed 0.4% down, having been as much as 1.6% in earlier trade. Shares in Toshiba fell 9.8% on reports it was expecting record losses for the year to March. Toshiba said it would cut 6,800
Mayor said the freeze would save the average household £200 over the next four years. It will not apply to travelcards, monthly Oyster cards or daily caps. Bus and tram tickets, Pay As You Go journeys on Tube, Docklands Light Railway and TfL rail services will all
Former SNP leader says independence case needs'refurbishment' to withstand opponents. Says he still favours the use of Sterling, but wants to keep the pound as the currency. Voters in Scotland voted 55% to 45% to stay part of the United Kingdom in September 2014.
Opal discovered by Walter Bartram in 1946 is now on display in Adelaide's South Australian Museum. The 998g (35.2oz) opal is valued at nearly A$900,000 (Â£550,000; $680,000) Opal of this quality
Inside Out went to Deadman's Island to investigate rumours about the mysterious mudbank. The island lies at the mouth of The Swale, opposite the town of Queenborough on the Isle of Sheppey, off the north Kent coast. It is owned by Natural England, who lease it
More than 100 UK schools took part on the first News Day, making and broadcasting their own news. The stories covered included interviews with the main political party leaders, including prime minister Tony Blair. By 2010 more than 700 schools and 25,000 schoolchildren were taking part on News Day.
Gen Sir Nicholas Houghton said he would be worried if view 'translated into power' Jeremy called on defence secretary to 'take action' against Sir Nicholas over his comments. Labour leader said it is essential that the military remains politically neutral at all times. Shadow defence secretary Maria Eagle
Edward Enninful will replace Alexandra Shulman as editor of British Vogue. He is currently the fashion and creative director at W Magazine. The 45-year-old will start his new role on 1 August.
e-Delicious is a machine that tests the taste and aroma of Thai dishes. It was developed by Thailand's National Innovation Agency, at a cost of $1m (£640,000) Former Prime Minister Yingluck Shinwatra complained about the poor quality of Thai food abroad.
Researchers examined 74 studies done across the world in the past decade. They concluded that smacking was associated with increased childhood aggression. There was also a "worrying risk" of escalation into physical abuse. Report was commissioned by leading children's charities in Scotland.
The 21-year-old prop joined the club this summer under their Player Development Foundation scheme. Chapman spent the 2014-15 season with Plymouth Albion in the Championship. He did not start a league game during the Devon club's relegation season.
Newcastle beat Aston Villa 2-0 at St James' Park. Yoan Gouffran and Henri Lansbury scored for the Magpies. But Dwight Gayle limped off after 33 minutes with hamstring injury. Villa striker Scott Hogan was carried off on a stretcher late on
Rodgers is the frontrunner for the Celtic job after two rounds of talks this week. Celtic's largest shareholder Dermot Desmond said on Wednesday "in excess of six" candidates had been interviewed. Warburton is preparing his Rangers side to face Hibernian in Saturday's Scottish
Vikki Thompson, 21, died at HMP Leeds on 13 November. She had been awaiting sentencing for robbery. Her partner Bob Steele said the letter should have alerted officials to her distress. A Prison Service spokesman said an inquiry into her death is ongoing.
Thailand's aviation authority has been downgraded to Category 2 from Category 1 by the ICAO. Thai officials had submitted plans to deal with the concerns in March. The country's flag carrier, Thai Airways, said in a statement that it followed the "highest safety standards"
Reviews of the film have been mixed with some calling it a 'flat, occasionally charming disappointment' The film stars Melissa McCarthy, Leslie Jones, Kate McKinnon and Kristen Wiig. Director Paul Feig said he understood fans were 'nervous' about the film.
Margaret Jamieson, 70, from Peebles, suffered fatal injuries in the accident. Two other people - a man and a woman - were seriously injured. Police have urged anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.
Stamp duty surcharge will lift each band by 3% from April 2016. For buy-to-let properties worth between £125,000 and £250,000, where stamp duty is 2%, landlords will pay 5%. George Osborne said the new surcharge would raise £1
Tanker carrying highly-flammable ethanol caught fire close to Lesmahagow. The motorway was closed in both directions for several hours. About 100 firefighters were involved in efforts to extinguish the blaze.
Grant will see six hectares of Broadcroft Quarry in Portland, Dorset, restored and opened as trail. Two-year project is one of first steps towards main Jurassica attraction planned in 40m deep quarry. Would house aquarium with robot swimming plesiosaurs, fossils and
Sellafield says the site is safe and has been improved with significant investment in recent years. The Isle of Man is located about 34 miles (55km) from the nuclear fuel reprocessing plant. Radioactivity levels in the Irish Sea have been monitored since 1989.
Ibrahim Afellay, Joselu and Matt Ritchie on target for Stoke. Giannelli Imbula opened the scoring in only his second appearance. Bournemouth remain 15th in the table, four points above the relegation zone.
Man, known as David, said he wanted answers about how Lincolnshire Police dealt with allegations against Gordon Dawson. Mr Dawson shot himself in 2007 after officers informed him of the inquiry. Lincolnshire Police said "procedures were correctly followed at the time" but policy has subsequently changed.
Oldham will offer free entry to supporters at SportsDirect.com Park. The Latics have just exited a transfer embargo and reappointed John Sheridan as manager. Supporters are invited to make a donation to a local charity.
Envoy questioned after his Indian wife alleges he sexually abused their three-year-old. Case has been registered against him, but he has not been arrested or formally charged. Police say they are trying to confirm if the man has diplomatic immunity. The envoy has made no public comment as
Katy Marchant won the women's keirin. Jason Kenny, Lewis Oliva and Oliver Wood won their respective finals. Sophie Thornhill and her pilot Helen Scott claimed their second gold medal.
David Jordan, 44, is accused of the bomb attack on the officer in May 2008. The officer was driving to start a night shift at a police station when a booby-trap bomb hidden under his car exploded. He escaped from the vehicle but suffered serious leg wounds. Mr Jordan is also
Pentagon says fighter and bomber jets and Tomahawk missiles were used. Strikes were expected as part of President Barack Obama's pledge to 'destroy' IS. The radical militant group has taken over large parts of Iraq and Syria.
Colin Lochrie, 31, targeted the aircraft on 28 November 2013. He was caught after officers were alerted and traced Lochrie to his home. Lochrie was jailed for 14 months, reduced from 18 months for pleading guilty.
Shipments jumped 21.8% from a year earlier, boosted by strong demand from the US and South East Asia. Most analysts had expected a 15% rise. Analysts said the data may be skewed due to the Lunar New Year, but added that the trend was that of a recovery
James is eighth on the NBA all-time list with 27,938 career points. The 32-year-old scored 25 points on Sunday to pass the milestone in his 10th season with the Cavaliers. Atlanta Hawks needed four periods of over-time to beat New York Knicks 142-
William Dunlop was jailed in 2006 over the 1989 killing of Julie Hogg. It is now alleged he raped one girl and forced himself on to another. He denies three counts of rape and two charges of indecent assault.
Heydrich was one of the architects of the Final Solution when he was governor of occupied Bohemia. He was assassinated by British-trained Czech and Slovak troops in May 1942. The mission was so audacious in its planning and execution that it inspired John Martin to research the topic for
Iceland was first inhabited by the Norse in the 9th century. In 1602, Denmark assumed a monopoly on all Icelandic trade. University of Iceland established in 1911; Iceland achieves full self-government in 1918. 1940 - German forces occupy Denmark; British forces occupy Iceland.
Six Australian swimmers admit taking Stilnox, used to treat insomnia. They say they also engaged in disruptive behaviour. Admission follows a report that assessed Australia's poor swimming performance at London 2012. Report found a "toxic" team culture led to bullying and misuse of prescription drugs
Warren, 79, who started the Granada Television show when he was 24, died on 1 March after a short illness. His coffin was carried into the cathedral by members of the cast, watched by the crowds outside. Among those who attended the service were Julie Goodyear and William Roache
Fiji's population is divided between indigenous Fijians and Indo-Fijians, the descendents of indentured labourers brought from India. The two groups were of roughly equal numbers until the mid-2000s, by which time thousands of Indo-fijians had fled.
First minister signed a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with SinoFortone and another Chinese firm in March. Opposition parties voiced fears about the deal amid concerns CR3's parent company was named in an Amnesty International report on human rights abuses. Sunday Times newspaper reported the deal had collapsed in
Tests have shown rat poison killed the female bird of prey in Penmaenmawr, Wales. It is the second suspicious death of a peregrine falcon in the last few months. The protected bird is a threat to racing pigeons and officers are appealing for help
Nicola Sturgeon is exploring ways of keeping Scotland inside the European single market. Former Scottish first minister recently travelled to the trade club's headquarters in Switzerland. Members currently include Norway, Iceland and Lichtenstein. They are signed up to the free movement of goods, services, capital and people
Officials in Novosibirsk ruled that Parnas had failed to collect enough signatures. Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny called the move a "blow to the democratic freedom of Russians" The regional ballot is seen by Russia's opposition as a key test in the run-up to
Hampshire were bowled out for just 18 after batting against pink ball. Craig Overton (2-35) took two wickets in quick succession to turn the tide. James Vince top scored for Hampshire with 47. Marcus Trescothick (10) and Eddie By
Christmas Day is the only religious holiday which is also a national public holiday in South Africa. But South Africa's Law Reform Commission argues that is unfair and says holidays from all religions should be treated equally. Some 80% of South Africans are classed as Christian, although many combine their beliefs with
The theft happened outside St John's Kirk in the city before 23:30 on Monday. It was the second time the doll had been stolen from the nativity scene in two years. Police Scotland said three males would be reported to the procurator fiscal in due course.
All Progressives Congress (APC) won 19 of the 28 governor posts in Saturday's elections. It is the biggest defeat for the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) since military rule ended in 1999. The party lost for the first time in key northern states like Katsina and Kaduna
Everton chief executive Robert Elstone said the plan was at an early stage. The Toffees have been working with Liverpool City Council to find a replacement. Iranian businessman Farhad Moshiri bought a 49.9% stake in Everton in February.
Shanghai SIPGus Poyet has signed Carlos Tevez from Boca Juniors. The 32-year-old is coached by ex-Brighton boss Gus Poget. Tevez played for seven years in the Premier League and won the title with both Manchester clubs.
Eastleigh Borough Council and Hampshire Constabulary jointly applied for the order. Mr Gough has served several prison terms for refusing to get dressed in public places. He was freed on bail on 8 February after a charge of outraging public decency in Oxfordshire was dropped.
Hugh Fraser Foundation pledges £300,000, Cameron Mackintosh Foundation £250,000. GSA aims to raise £20m to restore the famous building which was badly damaged by fire on 23 May. Most recent pledges and individual donations by members of the public mean the fund currently stands
Bonatini pounces on a sloppy pass from defender Daniel Ayala to score. Middlesbrough forward Martin Braithwaite should have levelled before the break. Britt Assombalonga was denied by goalkeeper John Ruddy late on.
Bristol have lost all seven of their Premiership games so far this season. Mark Tainton has been appointed acting head coach. Robinson only signed a new three-year contract with the Ashton Gate side in August.
Mae'r asgellwr Steff Evans yn rhydd i chwarae wedi iddo dderbyn cerdyn coch yn y rownd gynderfynol yn dilyn penderfyniad panel disgyblu iddile
Researchers have shown that clouds are anything but misty and mysterious. The idea behind using a "cloud" of computers is that it does away with having a dedicated data centre. But cyber-clouds are not as insubstantial as their name suggests and can be found and become a target
Iceland's three largest banks' assets had grown to over nine times GDP in 2007. This made it impossible for the Icelandic central bank to act as an effective lender of last resort. Iceland imposed capital controls to prevent massive outflows and a plunge in the value of its currency.
Duke of Wales has been based at RAF Valley since 2009 but is due to leave next month. He has been giving a speech at the island's annual agricultural show. It was one of his first public engagements since the birth of his son on 22 July. The duke drew ro
Seven journalists have been killed in Mexico so far this year, most shot by gunmen in broad daylight. Since 2000, at least 106 journalists killed across Mexico, according to rights group Article 19. In 2010, pressure from campaigners led to the creation of a special office of the federal prosecutor.
Yum is the biggest Western restaurant operator in China. China contributed more than half of Yum's $3.6bn revenue during the period. Fears about growth in the country had pushed Yum shares lower in recent weeks.
About 1,000 athletes, aged between 14 and 18, will participate in the event. Carl Frampton and Michael Conlan are among Northern Irish athletes to have previously competed at the Games. Northern Ireland were the only bidders for the 2021 Games, after Jersey and Botswana withdrew.
House Speaker Paul Ryan pulled the vote after it became clear it would not get the minimum of 215 Republican votes needed. The last minute move was seen as a huge blow to Mr Trump. Repealing and replacing Obamacare was one of his major election pledges. Mr Trump blamed the Democrats for not supporting the
Ella, Alexander and Amal Clooney are all healthy, happy and doing fine. George is sedated and should recover in a few days. Some have taken issue with the way some media outlets reported the news.
Leigh Day said it had "no prior knowledge" of the poster. The Times said the flyer offered "free legal support" for victims of the fire. At least 80 people died in the blaze on 14 June, leaving hundreds homeless.
Inspectors said levels of violence had risen since last inspection in 2013. Not enough was being done to investigate individual violent incidents. Concern was also raised over the availability of new psychoactive substances. HMP Bristol is a category B local prison holding young adult and adult men.
Lawsuit contends that the museum uses misleading marketing and cashier training to deceive visitors. Under a longstanding agreement with the city of New York, the museum must accept whatever patrons offer to pay. Signs at cashier desks appear to demand full price, the suit contends. The museum says
Two Democratic presidential candidates spar on stage in New Hampshire town hall. Sen. Bernie Sanders says Hillary Clinton is not a 'progressive' Mrs Clinton says she will be 'a progressive president who gets results' They will debate each other on stage on Thursday night in Manchester.
Alloa are bottom of the Championship, three points adrift of Livingston. Ross has agreed a deal that runs initially until the summer of 2016. The 39-year-old has coaching experience from stints at Dumbarton and Hearts.
Interview with Bill O'Reilly was carried out at Mr Trump's Florida home. He said he respected Mr Putin but would prefer to 'get along with him than not. The two men spoke on the phone last Saturday but no date has been set for a meeting.
Swansea face Everton needing to win to stay up in the Premier League. Defender Alfie Mawson has formed a good partnership with Federico Fernandez. The 23-year-old arrived at the Liberty Stadium from Barnsley in August of 2016.
Plans submitted by Lafarge Tarmac for quarry on Hopwas Wood near Tamworth. Woodland Trust says the quarry would cover only a fifth of the wood. The company says the area was damaged by fire in the 1970s and cannot be considered ancient woodland. Tamworth Tory MP
Bog snorkelling has taken place in Llanwrtyd Wells for 31 years. In 2012 other activities were added as a Wales-focused alternative to the Olympics. Economy Secretary Ken Skates said it was a credit to Wales and "puts a smile on faces"
A Texas grand jury has agreed a misdemeanour assault charge for family violence. Colleen Crowley says he confronted her at a Dallas hotel and hit her as they drove back to Fort Worth. Manziel was released from Cleveland Browns in March.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon says there will be no referendum in 2017. She has previously said a vote will be held if the Scottish government wants it. But she has also indicated that a soft brexit could take the issue off the table.
Derek Bruder was giving evidence at the inquest into 96 deaths at the 1989 FA Cup semi-final between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest. He said he made his first statement shortly after the 1989 disaster and was visited by police the following year. While the meeting left him "confused", he
Brandon Lewis said he asked Avon Fire Authority to commission an independent inquiry. Government has since ordered its own investigation. Three senior officers left the authority in five years under "unusual circumstances" Independent consultant Dr Craig Baker will lead the statutory inspection.
Trading in China's markets was twice halted by a circuit breaker, before the authorities decided to suspend the measure. The Shanghai Composite closed 2% higher on Friday, but still ended the week down by about 10%. On Thursday, markets in Europe and the US recorded steep losses after trading in China
Kimi Raikkonen was 0.109 seconds clear of his Mercedes team-mate, with Rosberg 0.237secs off the pace. Hamilton, with a five-place grid penalty as a result of a gearbox change, was. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was
Derek Mackay says work should be finished in early January. The bridge was completely closed on Friday and alternative travel plans have been put in place. Extra trains between Fife and Edinburgh have been laid on and 11,000 park and ride spaces made available.
NHS regulator Monitor looking into financial sustainability of Southend University Hospital Foundation Trust. Finances became a concern when a planned £7.8m deficit grew, for which Monitor could see no recovery plan. Hospital has pledged to cut deficit while maintaining "high quality care for local people
Police called to A35 at Bloxworth, near Wareham, at about 09:10 BST. Tests are under way to "determine the contents" of the cigarettes. No arrests have been made and HM Revenue and Customs has been informed.
Toksvig said more female hosts would be better way of ensuring more women on TV. "Female hosts bring a different tone and make it easier for other women to participate," she said. Mock the Week host Dara O Briain criticised the BBC all-male panel ban last month
Norwegian Air Accident Board warns fault detection measures may be inadequate. Airbus Super Puma was travelling from the Gullfaks field to Bergen when it crashed in April. Iain Stuart from Aberdeenshire was among those killed in the crash. Super Puma H
Duns, Hawick, Peebles and Selkirk saw a regionwide increase of 1% last year. There was a drop in footfall recorded in Galashiels, Jedburgh, Kelso and Melrose. Eyemouth - which has only been included in the figures for the
Drive will be piloted in Essex, Sussex and South Wales. Domestic abuse charities SafeLives and Respect back the scheme. But domestic violence charity Refuge says there is 'no evidence' it works.
Ospreys wing Hallam Amos dislocated his shoulder against Australia. The 22-year-old will have an operation on his shoulder on Monday. Wales assistant coach Neil Jenkins says it is a great opportunity for Keelan Giles.
Anthony Joshua fights WBA champion Vitali Klitschko at Wembley on Saturday. The two heavyweights will fight for the IBF title and vacant WBA belt in front of 90,000 fans. Joshua, 27, is undefeated in 18 fights since turning professional, while 41-year-
Owen and Karl Oyston are seeking Â£150,000 damages from the Back Henry Street website. Papers were served on Thursday over six alleged defamatory comments which were made in 2014. The forum has appealed to fans of the Championship side to help in its legal fight.
James Gunn's Ford Focus crashed on the A967 at Garson Farm, Shandwick. Police have appealed for anyone who saw the car between Stromness and Twatt to come forward.
Mayo beat Derry 2-17 to 1-2-13 in Castlebar in the second round of the GAA Championship. Substitute Conor Loftus' last-gasp goal appeared to have snatched victory for Mayo in normal time only for Mark Lynch's goal to level matters.
Kilmarnock lost 2-1 to Aberdeen in the Scottish Championship on Saturday. Captain Stevie Smith was expected to miss the match with a hip complaint. Clark was impressed as the former Rangers defender declared himself fit.
Northern Ireland's Rea finished second after an exciting duel with Welshman Davies. Marco Melandri of Italy was third with England's Tom Sykes in fourth place. Rea is attempting to become the first rider to win three successive WSB titles.
Exams watchdog Ofqual said this may be because of readiness of schools to find students entitled to more time. HMC, a group representing independent schools, said the higher rate was down to "proper resourcing" Head teacher of a comprehensive school in Suffolk said the different rates raised "serious
The 23-year-old is keen to play in the NFL after leaving Parramatta Eels. Burgess was part of the Rabbitohs side that beat St Helens 39-0 to win the 2015 World Club Challenge. The England international was born in Dewsbury,
Andy Butler opened the scoring for Doncaster with a 27th minute header. Liam Mandeville and Matty Blair doubled the hosts' lead before half-time. Tom Pett and Fraser Franks pulled goals back for Stevenage. Jamie Jones' own goal appeared to end their comeback hopes
In Nepal, you can usually apply for citizenship at the age of 16 as long as your father or mother is able to sign the official document. In practice, women in this patriarchal society still face a lot of discrimination when passing down citizenship to their children. A lack of citizenship document can make
Castleford defeat St Helens to move top of Super League. Second-placed Salford Red Devils beaten 34-24 at home by Wakefield. Mark Percival and Louie McCarthy-Scarsbrook scored tries for Tigers. Kieran Gill and Mike McMeek
Louis van Gaal's Manchester United lost 3-2 to West Ham at Upton Park. United must beat Bournemouth and hope Manchester City lose at Swansea to qualify for Champions League. Van Gaal's position appeared to be gaining strength with the supposed loss of Renato Sanches to Bayern Munich.
La Manche in north-west France will host the 2016 Grand Depart. It will be the first time since West Berlin in 1987 that Germany has hosted the opening stage of road cycling's premier race.
Mental Welfare Commission found elderly patients stuck on wards for months. Also found patients left in bed until lunchtime due to staff shortages. NHS Lothian said urgent changes were being implemented and hospital would be redeveloped by 2016.
Eight people arrested after raids on homes in the Midlands and south of England. Police believe Chinese and Malaysian women were being brought into the UK to be exploited. Some of the eight have been charged with running brothels while others face charges relating to money laundering.
Francisco Palomo was shot at least 12 times by gunmen in Guatemala City. He defended Gen Rios Montt against charges connected to the killing of more than 1,700 indigenous Guatemalans in the 1980s. The general was sentenced to 80 years in prison two years ago but his
Oscar-winning producer died at home in Santa Monica surrounded by his family. He won the best picture Oscar for the first Rocky film in 1977 with Irwin Winkler. Produced films into his late 70s and early 80s, including 2014's The Gambler with Mark Wahlberg
England beat West Germany 4-2 in extra time in the 1966 World Cup final. A crowd of 10,000 people gathered at Wembley Arena to mark the historic day. Two of the team's stars, Sir Bobby Charlton and Sir Geoff Hurst, recounted memories. The hashtag #
Online Hate Crime Hub is made up of five specially trained Met police officers. It will work with community experts to develop the police's understanding of online hate. Officers will provide referrals to victim support groups and work with police in relevant boroughs.
VPN - or virtual private network - helps you browse the internet more anonymously. It routing your traffic through a server that is not your point of origin is a bit like switching cars to shake off someone who is tailing you. There are plenty of companies offering services with varying degrees of security and
Carlsberg shares are down more than 9% in Copenhagen. Company blamed the "market decline in Eastern Europe" for offsetting strength in Asian markets. Bad weather also hurt the brewer's bottom line in Western Europe.
Ben, from Sheffield, was 21 months old when he disappeared on 24 July 1991. His mother Kerry has always maintained her son is alive and was probably abducted. South Yorkshire Police said officers travelled to Kos on Sunday and would hold a press conference on Tuesday at the site where Ben was last seen.
The Public and Commercial Services union said more will be held throughout June. The DfT said contingency plans were in place to keep vital services running. PCS said more than half of its members backed walkouts with four out of five supporting industrial action short of a strike.
Hallam Hope sent off for dangerous challenge on Darnell Furlong. James Dunne denied by Mark Ellis block. Ben Williamson's tap-in for Cambridge ruled offside. Derek Asamoah lifted over the bar from two yards.
Liam McGerrigan, 27, was pronounced dead at the scene after being stabbed in the chest. Police were called to Holyhead Road at about 22:10 BST on Thursday night. A 33-year-old man was arrested in the Tile Hill area of the city on Friday.
Manston Airport closed in May 2014 after being bought by Stagecoach Group. New owners Trevor Cartner and Chris Musgrave claim his statements breached election rules. After 30 March, the general election pending period prevents the government from making announcements about new or controversial matters.
Dr Joseph Bama is a doctor in Bambari, CAR's second city. In the past month, there have been 212 casualties in the city and 146 people have died. Dr Bama: "Displaced civilians are being attacked all the time. They bring them here every day"
Froch has not fought since he beat George Groves to retain WBA and IBF titles in May 2014. The 38-year-old is a four-time world super-middleweight champion who won 33 of his 35 fights. DeGale beat Andre Dirrell on points
Colchester MP for Colchester says West End is fed and sustained by regional theatres. Argued every pound spent on the Mercury theatre made Â£3 for the local economy. Minister for culture Ed Vaizey said changes in funding were moving in the right direction.
Storm Alex is expected to hit the Azores on Friday, prompting a hurricane warning. It is one of the earliest tropical systems to form in the Atlantic Hurricane Basin since records began. Another tropical storm, Pali, has formed over the Pacific, similarly rare at this time of year.
Wales Bill aims to grant the Welsh Assembly new powers over energy, transport and elections. Draft version of the bill was dogged with controversy and the UK government has promised significant changes. Labour's Shadow Welsh Secretary Nia Griffith said there should be no "unnecessary delays"
Jonny Gray has signed a new three-year deal with Glasgow Warriors. The 21-year-old has been playing in the Glasgow first team since 2012. Gray regularly partners brother and former Warriors lock Richie in Scotland's second row.
Shazia Ahmad, Wasim Ali, Umar Arif, Khalid Yassen and Zawed Malik deny conspiracy to supply the class A drug. Almost 40kg (88lbs) of heroin worth about £5m was seized between 2013 and 2014. Money was handed over at locations across Newport
15% of people said it happened "most of the time" or "always" Nearly a quarter had gone without food at least once in the previous year. Citizens Advice Scotland said its findings showed that debt was "just a fact of life" for most.
Kent County Council has 924 such children in its care, compared to 630 last August. Councillor Peter Oakford said it was "not a position we want to be in" Council's services have been stretched since the start of the migrant crisis.
Rugby Players' Association chief executive Hopley says players deserve it. RFU accounts showed record profits following the 2015 Rugby World Cup. Mark Lambert, vice-chairman of the RPA, denies that the new deal will lead to a disconnect between elite England players and the rest.
Anthony Scouler, 55, used seven bank accounts to hide profits of more than Â£100,000. He also used fake identities to get credit cards to pay for high-tech growing equipment. Police raided his furniture shop in Barnstaple, Devon, in 2012 and found
"Most likely no one is going to see it," Florida Fish and Wildlife captain Chris Roszkowiak says. The owner is an exotic animal dealer and star of the Discovery Channel reality show Airplane Repo. He could face criminal charges for not alerting authorities about the snake's
Glenavon have the right to appeal against the disciplinary committee's decision. Novo's three-match ban will start on Monday, 3 April.
Small aircraft came down in a field at Cwmbach, Builth Wells, Powys, on Sunday. The men have been named locally as Scott Penlington and Nick Jefferies. One Direction singer Harry Styles is a family friend of Mr Jefferies' daughter Emilie, also
Sean Dickson top scored for Kent with 63 as they reached 146-7 at Beckenham. Will Gidman (51) and Matt Coles (52) led a recovery for the hosts. Rory Kleinveldt took 3-70 for the visitors, who had made
Three al-Jazeera journalists accused of spreading false news and helping Muslim Brotherhood. Peter Greste, Baher Mohamed and Mohamed Fadel Fahmy have been held since December. A fourth journalist, Abdullah Elshamy, who works for the network's Arabic channel, has been detained since
Ex-Libyan dissident Abdul Hakim Belhaj says MI6 helped to arrange rendition. Case involves allegations against ex-Foreign Secretary Jack Straw and ex-MI6 chief. Supreme Court to decide whether the couple can sue the UK government. Police have investigated the claims but
Helen Smith applied for a new visa last September but is still waiting for her passport. She said her plea to speed up the process after her grandfather's death was rejected. UKBA said applicants could not be given updates within the first six months. Mrs Smith said not being able to
Adrian Brown, 38, stabbed Muhammed Ali on a London train in December 2016. Jury found him not guilty by reason of insanity at Southwark Crown Court. Judge Deborah Taylor QC ordered that Brown should be detained indefinitely. Brown, of Brockley Rise, south-east London
A road between Ardnarff and Strathcarron likely to be closed for at least 12 hours. Met Office issues amber warning of rain for the Highlands, as well as yellow warnings for Perthshire, Fife, Strathclyde and the south west. Flood warnings for
BBC Studios has announced plans to cut about 300 staff across the UK. Welsh Language Minister Alun Davies has written to the corporation. Mr Davies said he supported the Bectu union as it seeks assurances.
The Beatles occupy the top two places in the chart. DJ Tony Blackburn counts down the Top 60 best-selling records of the 1960s. She Loves You by The Beatles is the biggest selling single of the decade.
Hutchinson, 37, was battling for the lead when the race was red-flagged. The 16-time winner was reported to be conscious before being flown to hospital by helicopter. He has now been transferred to Liverpool for further treatment.
First Muslim woman to sit in the cabinet was crucial symbol of Cameron's efforts to modernise the Tories. But now she has left the government in a way designed to inflict damage. PM was only told about her decision to quit before she announced it on Twitter.
The Serbs lost 6-4 6-3 to Brazilians Marcelo Melo and Bruno Soares. World number one Djokovic suffered a surprise third-round defeat at Wimbledon in July. The loss came a day after he was knocked out of the singles by Juan Martin del
Former Milan station chief Robert Lady was convicted in absentia in 2009. He was sentenced to nine years in jail for his involvement in the 2003 abduction of an Egyptian cleric. The cleric, known as Abu Omar, was allegedly flown to Egypt and tortured. Lady reportedly arrested near Panama's border
Gloucester's Milkins slipped to 31st in the world rankings after five losses in a row. The 40-year-old had his best run at the UK Championship in 2002 when he reached the quarter-finals. Milkins faces Hammad Miah in the second round at the
Operation began at around 06:30 local time on Friday morning. Mr Byrne was shot dead in the Regency Hotel during a boxing weigh-in. This is the second search to be carried out in a week.
Grange Gardens in Grangetown was chosen for the pitch by UEFA. Wales legend Ian Rush praised the facility. He said it would help get more kids into football. Juventus face Real Madrid in Saturday's sell-out game.
Welsh government agrees to pay Â£20,000-a-year for three years to store the ship. It comes after Newport council said it planned to stop funding due to budget cuts. The 500 year-old vessel was found on the banks of the River Usk 12 years
Donald Trump'sandowski charged with simple battery over incident with Michelle Fields. Police allege that he grabbed her arm when she tried to ask Mr Trump a question, leaving a bruise. Mr Lewandowski plans to plead not guilty, the Trump campaign said.
Hayes Fuels director Allister Hayes and risk manager Stanley Gibson both pleaded guilty at Belfast Crown Court. Mr Gibson pleaded guilty to two charges, while Mr Hayes, on behalf of his company, pleaded guilty. The judge adjourned sentencing for a month, and told the court: "This is a
Southampton City Council estimates 1,500 unlicensed HMOs in the area. Landlords who let properties to more than three unrelated people need licence. But many are put off - because a licence can cost??1,000. Shelter helpline adviser Nadeem Khan
Pepper will be deployed at CHR Citadelle hospital in Liege and AZ Damiaan hospital in Ostend. The 1.2m (4ft) tall robot can recognise the human voice in 20 languages. Hospital-based robots will be significantly more expensive than the $1,
In 2015, 828 patient deaths in hospitals and care homes were caused by malnutrition. But that doesn't mean all of these patients starved to death or died of thirst. Even if a patient can't eat or drink they should still be provided for. Age UK agrees that there's been progress
Veterans for Justice UK expect about 100 former soldiers to march through Derry next month. Organisers said it was to highlight 'injustices against soldiers' John Kelly, whose brother Michael was killed in 1972 atrocity, said march was 'deliberate insult' Thirteen people
Manufacturing contributes only 15% to India's gross domestic product; authorities want to raise it to 25%. Mr Modi's 'Make in India' campaign comes a day after India sent its homegrown mission to Mars. The launch comes on the eve of Mr Modi's first visit to the US as
Vincent Enyeama declines to answer questions about comments he made about playing an international match in Kaduna. NFF executive board will have the final say on any punishments, on a date yet to be decided. Keshi signed a new two-year deal with the NFF in April
Ms Tiffney was last seen leaving her home in Edinburgh's Dean Village in May 2002. A murder charge against her son Sean Flynn was found not proven by a jury in 2005. The remains were found in an area off the A198, near the entrance to Gosford House.
Oldham have not won a league game since 18 October. The Latics have been under an embargo since November because of a £300,000 bill with HM Revenue & Customs and fees owed to other clubs. Oldham are bottom of the League One table, three points from safety.
Vehicle smashed into house in West Pennard, near Glastonbury, Somerset. Homeowner suffered minor injuries and was taken to hospital. Crews are working to remove the truck and stabilise the building.
Norway beat Northern Ireland 3-0 in a friendly at Windsor Park. Substitute Elyounoussi and substitute Ruud scored the goals for Norway. Northern Ireland have won just one of their last 14 friendlies. David Healy became Northern Ireland's most capped outfield player on
Putin defends meeting with Marine Le Pen, saying he was not seeking to influence France's election. Ms Le Pen has garnered widespread support at home but her extreme views have deterred most foreign leaders. Russia was accused of meddling in the US election in support of Donald Trump. Moscow likes what
Post-mortem finds Mr Hunter, from Coulsdon, died from a single gunshot wound. Two other people were injured in the shooting in Headley, near Epsom, Surrey. A man from London, 38, who was arrested on suspicion of murder and attempted murder remains in custody.
PM to announce date of referendum on whether Britain should remain in the EU after a cabinet meeting at 10:00 GMT. The referendum is widely expected to be on Thursday, 23 June. David Cameron had to make concessions to get a deal with the leaders of the 27 other EU members.
MyTravelPass gave 16-18 year olds a third off bus travel for a year. The Welsh Government announced the end of the scheme in January. But it will now continue beyond April until a new scheme, planned for 2018, is in place. NUS Wales welcomed the move but
Jacqueline McPhie, 46, was vice president for finance at Altus Intervention in Aberdeen. She admitted embezzlement and was jailed for three years and four months in July. McPhie was ordered to pay back £587,434 through her "realisable assets"
Aker Solutions said about 650 positions, mainly in the UK, Norway and India, may be affected. More specific breakdown for Aberdeen and London jobs has not been announced. A spokesperson said: "The adjustments are being made because of the continued market slowdown"
HMRC has launched a consultation on extending its powers to collect extra data. No specific firms have been named, but sellers on Gumtree, Airbnb and eBay could be targeted. It said this "hidden economy" could equate to Â£5.9bn a year in tax.
Whitney's had a look at some of the biggest hauls.
'PPAP' (short for Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen) is a viral hit song performed by DJ Piko-Taro. The viral video has gone viral on Facebook, amassing more than 44m views in less than a week. Hundreds of tributes and
Lily Partridge, 22, complained of a headache after clash at training session. She collapsed at the side of the pitch and died a day later. An inquest recorded her death was the result of an accident. Parents Jeff and Liz praised for their "brave decision" over her organ
Leicester City held to goalless draw by Southampton at King Power Stadium. Leicester have now won only two of their opening seven league games this season. Jamie Vardy had Leicester's best chance after a poor backpass but was tackled by Oriol Romeu. Charlie Austin had
Subway Art by Martha Cooper and Henry Chalfant was published in 1984. It was the first book of its kind in the world of graffiti photography. Cooper spent hours waiting and watching for the perfect moment to photograph a work of art. Chalfant focused on the work itself
Riot police quell skirmishes between rival fans before kick-off in England's 3-0 win over Lithuania. Some England fans appeared to have purchased tickets for sections of the ground designated for home supporters. Lithuania's FA has also been charged by European football's governing body over
Newport Gwent Dragons subject to takeover bid from Welsh Rugby Union. County have a lease to use Rodney Parade until 2023. Newport secured promotion back to the Football League in 2013.
The 1999 Open winner has dropped to 424th on the world rankings from a high of 26. Lawrie has been putting off an operation on his foot for four or five years. The Scot will be at Castle Stuart this week for the Scottish Open, which acts as a dress rehearsal for the
Oliver Whiting, 37, of Eastbourne, took the photos from social media accounts. He posted the images on adult websites, where he invited other users to join him in posting lewd comments. Judge at Hastings Magistrates' Court said his violation and degradation of women required punishment in order to deter
Brawling and boozing feature prominently in the 1952 film, which was shot in County Mayo and County Galway. An official warned "the theme is not likely to be well received here" Concerns were addressed to the Irish government's Department of External Affairs.
Dale Hart, 54, and Michael Smart, 37, and Christopher Bennett, 61, pleaded guilty to production. Police found 692 plants worth around £800,000 at Queens Court, Bridgend Industrial Estate. Hart was sentenced to five years in prison, Smart was given three-
Joe Acquaro was shot dead in Melbourne in the early hours of Tuesday. Investigators believe underworld bosses may have put a price on his head. The lawyer was well-known in the city's Italian community.
Flower received a six-month ban for hitting St Helens stand-off Lance Hohaia. The player was sent off in Saturday's Super League Grand Final at Old Trafford. A series of abusive Twitter remarks were posted on an account on Tuesday. One comment said Flower's "
Australian of the Year Rosie Batty says offshore camps must close. Nearly 450 staff at Mr Turnbull's former university have also expressed concern about claims of torture by government employees and contractors. Australia intercepts all irregular boat migrants and holds them in camps in Nauru and Papua New Guinea.
Pensioner was stopped by police up on the 70mph-limit road near Crawley, West Sussex. Officers were alerted by a motorist who had seen the man heading away from the M23. PC Katie Breeds, of Sussex Police, said: "He didn't know where
Infantino inaugurated the facility in the war-torn country's capital Juba. The Italian won last month's Fifa elections to succeed Sepp Blatter. South Sudan played their first official friendly, against Uganda, in July 2012.
Shay Logan has signed a new three-year contract at Pittodrie. The 29-year-old full-back joined the Scottish Premiership club from Brentford in May 2014. Logan had been linked with a move back to England.
Welsh national field of remembrance at Cardiff Castle features 10,000 wooden crosses. Each one carries a message to someone who has died while serving their country since World War One. Royal British Legion members and First Minister Carwyn Jones were among those at the service.
Writer-turned-director says he needs to go to a 'quiet place' to focus on writing. Some have labelled his portrayal of female characters, including Scarlett Johansson's Black Widow, as sexist. Whedon denies accusations that he quit Twitter because of criticism from Feminist Frequency.
The XO is a rugged computer designed to boost education in developing nations. The device is code-named XO-3 as it will be the third device the OLPC organisation has produced.
Library of Congress agrees with fair use advocates that vehicle owners are entitled to modify software. Manufacturers opposed the move, saying repair garages could fix any issues. Ruling follows claims software could have prevented Volkswagen emissions scandal. New rules must be renewed in three years.
Jason Bohn suffers mild heart attack at PGA National. Bohn was taken to hospital by ambulance after suffering chest pains during second round. The world number 71 is "resting comfortably and in good spirits," his agent says. Spain's Sergio Garcia and Australia's Adam Scott lead after
Australia compiled 132-6 in their T20 semi-final against England. Meg Lanning hit a composed 55 and Alyssa Healy a rapid 25 as Aussies cruised to victory. Australia will play New Zealand or West Indies in the final in Kolkata on Sunday.
Price of West Texas crude fell to $37.65 a barrel, a drop of 5.8%. Brent Crude fell 5.3% to $40.73 a barrel. Comes as OPEC - a group of the largest oil producing nations- refused to cut oil production.
Land Registry filings show the building has been bought by a London-registered firm, CL 10 Ltd. The building, opposite the High Court, houses the Belfast office of law firm Pinsent Masons. It was developed by the property company William Ewart, which has been selling assets as part
Germany's Angela Merkel is in Washington for talks with U.S. President Barack Obama. PJ Crowley says the tone of the meeting will be markedly different from her last visit in June 2011. He says the Obama-Putin relationship has hit a brick wall over Ukraine crisis. Crow
Australian finished on 15 under par, with Kevin Chappell his closest rival on 11 under. Day's halfway total of 129 was a record for the Florida event. Justin Thomas bettered his third-round 75 by 10 shots to finish on 10 under.
From Our Own Correspondent visits the war-ravaged city of Malakal in South Sudan. The city was South Sudan's second city, but has been razed to the ground in the civil war. Victor Lajar, a former local government official, tells how he fled
She was blinded and terribly scarred but found the strength to fight for custody of her son. She became a vocal campaigner for the victims of acid attacks.
Bodies of Kenneth and Rita Boughey were discovered at their home in Ballycastle. Post mortem examinations have ruled out carbon monoxide poisoning as a cause of death. Pensioners may have been dead for a number of weeks before their bodies were discovered.
There was no change of tone, no acknowledgement of any fresh message the voters had sent Mrs May, bar a passing reference to opportunity and fairness. It seems odd to me she didn't spend more of the election campaign talking about helping those who are "just managing" Conservative MPs I have spoken to think
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon will confirm the plans when she addresses the Royal College of Nursing (RCN) congress in Glasgow on Monday. She will tell delegates that discussions will begin over the summer with the aim of putting health staffing on a statutory basis. The RCN welcomed the promise but said it would only
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko awarded citizenship to a Belarusian neo-Nazi. Serhiy Korotkykh was a member of the far-right Russian National Unity party. Poroshenko awarded the Belarusian citizenship on 5 December. Experts who follow the far right have strongly
Greece is trying to agree a funding deal with the European Union and IMF before the end of June. Eurozone finance ministers will discuss Greece when they meet on Thursday. The gathering is regarded as Greece's last chance to strike a deal.
Ashya was being treated in hospital in Southampton when his parents took him abroad. They ignored medical advice and took him to Prague for proton beam therapy. It was later revealed Ashya did not receive subsequent chemotherapy in Prague. The Kings' version of events last year sparked a public outcry
Wrexham council has been consulting on a new protection order for dogs. It would ban dogs from play areas and sports pitches, and require them to be kept on leads on public roads and pavements. The RSPCA said the order could create a "negative view of dog ownership"
Incident involved a Ford Transit minibus and a Saab car at about 22:15 BST on Wednesday. Both drivers were taken to Bangor's Ysbyty Gwynedd. The road reopened in the early hours following an initial investigation, police said.
Hartlepool had shipped 11 in their last three matches in all competitions and not scored in seven fixtures against Pompey. Portsmouth goalkeeper Carson brilliantly prevented Michael Smith's powerful header and Michael Doyle's 20-yard pile driver. He then blocked a Conor Chaplin header in stoppage time
loggerhead turtle was affected by the cold and had shell damage. It was found on the stretch of beach between the Dicq shack and Rice bowl. Vets have been treating it with antibiotics and fluids and say it has a 'poor prognosis'
Hundreds of boys collect coins thrown into the river by visitors and devotees during the annual Sonepur fair. They use heavy magnetic rings tied with colourful plastic ropes. The devout throw coins in the river as a mark of their devotion and reverence. "These young coin collectors may use different magnet sizes
Alcohol Health Alliance wants England, Wales and Northern Ireland to lower limit. They want to lower the blood-alcohol concentration limit to 50mg per 100ml of blood. Currently limit is 80mg/100ml, the World Health Organization recommends limit of 50mg. The bill will be
Bodies of Sian Blake, 43, and her sons, aged four and eight, were found on Tuesday. They had not been seen since 13 December and were reported missing three days later. Ms Blake's partner, Arthur Simpson-Kent, 48, is being sought by police over the
Former Atletico Kolkata star Pearson has signed for Motherwell. The 34-year-old won the Indian Super League with the club last season. Pearson says Indian football cannot compete with the money being splashed by clubs in China.
Maia Collingswood, from Barmouth, Gwynedd, fell ill at Easter while visiting grandparents. She was diagnosed with a heart problem and transferred to Birmingham Children's Hospital. But when her father Dan revealed he had also had a transplant doctors realised her condition was serious.
Bruce Arians has hired 37-year-old American as a linebacker coach for the Cardinals. Welter spent 14 seasons as a professional American football player. She was the first female to play in a non-kicking position in a men's professional league.
Former UKIP Wales leader Nathan Gill warns against a 'con' of a 'hard or soft' or'soft' brexit. He says there are only two options - to leave or to stay in the EU. Welsh Conservative leader Andrew RT Davies says his family faced 'abuse'
Donald Trump has a habit of sticking by comments that have been questioned. He said he saw a video of Iranians unloading crates of cash from a US plane. His team admitted it was incorrect, only for Mr Trump to repeat it at another rally. The money was paid at the same
Eyewitnesses spoke of a masked man chasing terrified shoppers on Saturday evening. Police later arrested the 18-year-old suspect. Officials said the attack happened at the Europa shopping centre in the capital Minsk.
MLA Jonathan Bell said he was told he could not challenge scheme because two DUP special advisers had "extensive interests in the poultry industry" The DUP said the claims were "outrageous" But Mr Robinson told the Press Association his father-in-law applied to the scheme in August 2015
Anne Hidalgo said the people of Paris had been "insulted" and the city's image had been damaged. Network has since apologised for making "regrettable errors" on air regarding Muslim population. Fox News executive vice president Michael Clemente said comments were "misplaced"
MPC members voted 8-1 to keep rates on hold - the first time for months the decision has not been unanimous - with Ian McCafferty voting for an increase. Bank of England said it expected inflation to be back to its 2% target in two years' time.
Ben Stokes says he has 'grown' since being banned for punching a dressing room locker. The 25-year-old was banned for the World T20 final after hitting four sixes in the last over of last year's final. Stokes was named vice-captain of the
Labour's leadership is campaigning to stay in the EU and says Labour votes will be crucial in the referendum. Senior party figures including Ed Miliband, Tom Watson and Yvette Cooper are attempting to mobilise Labour voters to back the Remain campaign. Veteran Labour MP Dennis Skinner has also said he will vote
Plans for Bognor Regis also included student accommodation, car parking and an access road from Felpham Way. University's digital technology and engineering department will move to the site if permission is granted. Technology park will have places for 500 undergraduate and postgraduate students per year.
Alex Goode, Chris Wyles, Richard Wigglesworth and Maro Itoje score tries for Saracens. Will Fraser and Arthur Aziza go over for French side Oyonnax. Sarries nine points clear at the top of Pool One.
Bruce Dewey, 36, was spotted by Sussex Police as he drove his Honda Legend. He was known to only have a provisional driving licence and so was followed. Was requested to stop but carried on for about 50 minutes. During the chase he dialled 999 and asked police to stop following him
Send us your England's Big Picture pictures and videos. Email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there.
The list, topped by Scottish first minister Nicola Sturgeon, identifies women who have had an "exceptionally large impact" Keeping Up with the Kardashians' star Jenner, formerly known as Bruce, is at number seven. Angelina Jolie made number three on the list for "using her
Frasers Hospitality is one of the world's biggest providers of high-end serviced apartments. Its 148 properties span about 80 capital cities, as well as financial hubs across Europe, Asia, the Middle East and Africa. In 2015 it bought Malmaison Hotel du Vin, a UK hotel
Derby County held to goalless draw at Brentford. Rams have just seven goals in 13 games and are three points off relegation. Brentford have not won an away game against Derby since 1939. Tom Ince saw his free-kick turned over by visiting keeper Daniel
Scotland internationals Mark Bennett, Alex Dunbar, Tommy Seymour and Josh Strauss are out of contract this summer. Adam Ashe, Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have all committed to Warriors until 2019. Dave Rennie will replace Gregor Townsend as Glasgow head coach this summer when the latter becomes
Albert Louie Kenny was born late on Wednesday, a week over his due date. The 25-year-old retained the team pursuit and women's omnium titles in Rio. She has already declared her intention to compete at a third Olympic Games in Tokyo in 2020.
Canoe was found on the southbound carriageway between junctions 30 and 29a in Derbyshire. It is thought to have fallen off a car roof and has since been reunited with its owner. Sightings of the canoe provoked surprise on social media.
The 26-year-old has made 89 appearances for the Hammers, scoring four goals. He joins team-mates Dimitri Payet, Adrian, and Cheikhou Kouyate in committing his future to the club. "I'm looking forward to the next five seasons now that
Manchester City are bottom of their Champions League group. They are six points behind Premier League leaders Chelsea. Manuel Pellegrini's team could go out even if they win their next two games. Striker Sergio Aguero has scored 12 goals for City this season.
Up to 10cm of snow fell overnight in Yorkshire, Lancashire and Derbyshire. Leeds Bradford Airport suspended all morning flights but has since reopened. Manchester Airport reported "minor delays to departing aircraft" More than 100 schools have been closed across East and West Yorkshire.
Remains may be part of a massive emergency burial pit. Thousands of plague victims were left there 600 years ago. Lead archaeologist Jay Carver says the find "solves a 660-year-old mystery"
George Allen, 37, and his five-year-old son, Geordie, are critically ill in hospital. Mr Allen's daughter, Georgia, is stable and vice-principal resuscitated him with defibrillator. Education Minister Peter Weir praised the staff's "swift
Airlines say they will no longer transport lion, rhinoceros, leopard, elephant or buffalo remains. Delta flies direct to a number of African cities and was subjected to an online petition to ban such shipments. American Airlines and United fly to fewer sub-Saharan cities than Delta
London Broncos are England's sole Super League side south of Widnes. Rugby league was played professional in London in the 1930s. The sport returned to the capital in 1980 when Fulham FC announced the formation of Fulham Rugby League Club. London's team has had four name changes since
Summit will focus on tightening EU borders and aiding neighbours of Syria, from where many migrants come. Slovakia is launching a legal challenge to mandatory quotas that were passed in a majority vote on Tuesday. UK has opted against taking part in the relocation scheme and has its own plan to res
West Midlands police were put on high alert because of the hoax. The anonymous tip-off said an officer was to be kidnapped as part of a terrorist plot. A 28-year-old officer and two other men are being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to pervert the course of justice.
One person is in custody on suspicion of driving while intoxicated, police say. It hit crowds watching the Krewe of Endymion parade in the Mid-City district of New Orleans. Police Chief Michael Harrison said 21 people were taken to hospital, five in serious condition.
Comedian used insulting language on Channel 5 dating show. Southend Council and Visit Southend suggest O'Grady "hasn't visited for a while" Gleneagles Guesthouse offers free night in its "premier suite with unrivalled views of the estuary
Anthony Fletcher is chief executive of Graze, a UK-based snack food company. Graze was set up a year earlier by seven friends as an internet-based business. It now enjoys annual sales of more than Â£70m and has expanded into the US. The company
Non-farm payrolls report shows how many jobs the US economy has added or lost in the previous month. Bar chart shows that from the first such report after entering the White House, the economy shed 800,000 jobs. By early 2010 the monthly tally shows the US was adding jobs again
Comments follow a U-turn by former Archbishop of Canterbury Lord Carey. Lord Carey also said he would support assisted dying for the terminally ill. Church of England has called for an inquiry into the issue. Assisted Dying Bill due for debate in the House of Lords on Friday.
Monarch's flights to Sharm el-Sheikh are still suspended and it does not expect them to resume before next year. The airline's chief executive Andrew Swaffield said bookings had dropped off in the immediate aftermath but were now recovering. Comments came as Monarch returned to profit for
Dean Melnyk, 20, was found guilty of murdering Kevin MacKay in Ecclefechan. Co-accused Andrew Brown, 23, had previously admitted the attack in August last year. Judge Lord Armstrong deferred sentence until June when he will determine how long they have to serve before
Tesla reported a first quarter loss of $282m (Â£195m) up from $154m last year. The loss was in line with investors' expectations, and the announcement that it was increasing production sent its shares up 4% in after-hours trading. Tesla had been struggling to ramp
Gabor's first marriage in 1937 was to Turkish politician Burhan Asaf Belge. She later claimed to have had an affair with then president of Turkey, Kemal Ataturk. Liz Taylor had seven husbands but eight weddings. Larry King has been married eight times but to seven people
Luke Arscott has made seven appearances for Bath this season. The 31-year-old spent four seasons at Bristol between 2006-2010. Bristol director of rugby Andy Robinson says he is an 'assured presence' in full-back role.
British Bulldog, also known as 'you're it' or 'tag' has been banned from school. One teacher said it was 'because of the number of broken bones it generates' Schools in Wiltshire, Cumbria and Clackmannanshire introduced a ban on
PwC's Northern Ireland economic outlook said this was despite overall unemployment having fallen by more than 10,000 since June 2014. It said poor productivity remains the single biggest challenge to Northern Ireland's sustained recovery.
Azelle Rodney's mother called for an 'unreserved apology' from IPCC. Criticism has frequently been levelled at the IPCC since it replaced the Police Complaints Authority. IPPC says it carried out an extensive investigation into Azelle's death but it was advised at the time that
Shooting took place in the canteen of a wood processing plant in Menznau, Switzerland. The killer, a 42-year-old man who had worked at the factory for 10 years, is among the dead. Five of the injured are reported to be in a serious condition.
Waking the Dragon was granted planning permission in February 2011. Businessman Simon Wingett is trying to raise £2.5m to build the bronze sculpture. Councillors are expected to grant the extension at a meeting on Tuesday. The dragon would stand on top of a 41.5
Nottingham will drop into Division Two next season after losing to Middlesex. Newell will hand first-team duties to ex-England coach Peter Moores. Notts have only won once in the Championship this season.
Woman told court she was just 12 when she was picked up from a children's home. Told jurors she was abused by Basharat Hussain and two other Asian males. Also said she was taken to Blackpool and raped by several men. Mr Hussain, who denies the claims, is
The Pope was celebrating Christmas eve Mass in St Peter's Basilica in front of about 10,000 people. He called for more sobriety in a world obsessed by "consumerism and hedonism, wealth and extravagance" Security was tight at the service with police carrying out spot
Economics scholar Mr Tohti has been detained since January. He has criticised Beijing's policies towards the Uighur minority. The United Nations, the EU and US have called for his release. His lawyers say his students' testimony was made under duress.
He was trying out a 45m (150ft) high zip wire at Victoria Park. The wire then lost momentum, leaving him suspended above a crowd of people. As onlookers snapped photos, he joked: "This is great fun but it needs to go faster"
Reading and Fulham drew 1-1 at Craven Cottage. Roy Beerens scored the only goal of the game in the second half. Reading drop to fifth in the table after back-to-back league defeats. Floyd Ayittey and Neeskens are away
A new date for the match has yet to be confirmed by Uefa. Northern Ireland have three points from their first two Group Six qualifiers.
Middlesbrough beaten 4-3 by Hull City at the KC Stadium. Boro take an early lead but were 3-2 down at half-time. Ben Gibson was culpable for the first two goals having failed to clear. The defeat leaves Boro in 19th place
Two armed groups clash near the mountainous community of Las Varas, in state of Chihuahua. Identities of victims and details of how the shootout unfolded were not immediately clear. Chihuahuas is a key drug-trafficking route south of the border from the US state
Halewood Academy in Knowsley, Merseyside, is planning to shut its sixth form. The governing body of Halewood voted last month to close the sixth form, pending a consultation. Academy says that its current sixth form is financially unviable. It
The Lion King is one of 25 films to be added to the library's collection this year. Other inductees include The Princess Bride, The Breakfast Club and The Birds. To be eligible for preservation, films must be at least a decade old.
Worshippers had gathered at the church for the ordination of a bishop. Akwa Ibom state governor Udom Emmanuel was among those inside. The church was still under construction and workers had rushed to complete it, witnesses said. President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed "
Worcestershire's Moeen has become key to England's attack. He was flown out to Grenada for the victory over West Indies in the second Test after recovering from a side strain. The 27-year-old took 19 wickets in five Tests against India in 2014.
Benjamin Herman, 80, denies four counts of sex abuse against a girl under 13 in 1970s. He is a former equerry to the Duke of Edinburgh and held post between 1971 and 1974. Defence counsel accused the woman of making up "lies", hating "posh people"
Asghar Stanikzai hit 101, his first one-day century, to help the Afghans hit their highest ever total of 338 in the Indian venue of Greater Noida. Ireland opener Paul Stirling was on 95 with them going well on 173-1 when he was given out to a Rash
Fawaz Al-Hasawi turned down an offer from Premier League side Norwich for Assombalonga. The 23-year-old has scored 19 goals in 39 games for Championship side Forest this season. Al Hasawi has said that the £13m received from the sale of Oliver
Teacher and girl, 13, suffered minor injuries in attack at school in Worcestershire. Boy arrested on suspicion of wounding and carrying a bladed weapon. Police said he was found on a train from Hereford to Malvern at 16:55 BST.
Rovers remain in fifth place after draw at home to Forfar Athletic. Airdrieonians remain level on points with Airdrie on goal difference with Forfar.
The Amateur International Boxing Association has said pro boxers will compete in Rio if a constitutional change is agreed next month. Tyson, 49, a former Junior Olympic winner, said: "Some pro fighters are going to get beat by the amateurs" Lennox Lewis, another former world
Anzac Day commemorates the first major battle involving Australian and New Zealand forces during World War One. Thousands attended the early morning service at Hyde Park Corner and up to 400 people took part in a parade before the wreath-laying at the Cenotaph.
Sanctions focus on groups that help arm what Washington sees as terror organisations in the region. Iran's regional activities were played down to ensure that the nuclear deal might go ahead. Israel, Saudi Arabia and other Gulf states have watched Tehran's rise with alarm. The irony in all of this
GCSE entries for all candidates in England, Northern Ireland and Wales are down 0.7% on last year. Early entries (for students in Year 10 or below) fell for the second year running in England to 300,000. This follows a 32% fall from 504,000 in
Campaign for Better Transport and RMT transport union are concerned services could be cut. Rail minister Claire Perry promised a "world-class rail network" Franchises connect key cities of Leeds, Liverpool, Sheffield, Manchester, Newcastle and Carlisle.
Divers called to Brixham harbour in Torbay at 11:44 BST. Teenage girl was rescued and given first aid by RNLI lifeboat crew. Three other people on speedboat rescued by other craft in the area.
Historical Institutional Abuse Inquiry was set up by Stormont Executive in 2010. It is examining allegations of abuse in state-run children's homes and other institutions. Victims of clerical child abuse and former residents of Magdalene laundry-style institutions excluded from the remit.
Net income fell to $3.11bn (Â£2.03bn) compared with a year ago for the personal computer giant. Intel said its latest quarterly numbers were largely in line with expectations.
Prime Minister to visit Indonesia and Malaysia on four-day trip to boost trade with both countries. He will use trip to discuss threat from Islamist extremism and counter-terrorism. Comes amid growing concern that the next branch of so-called Islamic State could emerge in region. UK government estimates
Airbus will get £2.7m for training facilities at Swansea University and Coleg Cambria in Deeside, Flintshire. Welsh government will also set up loan funds for small businesses.
Ren Benson, from York, left 20 letters at various locations around the city. She said she was inspired by mothers' random acts of kindness through online community. Emma Lowe, who found the letter, said it was a "lovely gesture" and very welcome.
Militants drove into the towns and began shooting, looting and burning houses, residents say. In a separate attack, a young female suicide bomber reportedly killed at least 10 people in Yobe state. A witness said the girl who detonated explosives in the town of Gujba was about 12
Midwife-led community maternity unit (CMU) to be in place at Caithness General Hospital. In November last year, the health board had anticipated introducing the change by April. Maternity services are currently led by consultant obstetricians.
The Curriculum for Excellence aims to give teachers more freedom and make lessons less prescriptive. Education Secretary Mike Russell said the current system was not being largely re-written. System will be introduced for children in their first year of secondary school. Labour, Tories and Lib Dems have
Note was written by Princess Elizabeth in 1947, months before her marriage to Prince Philip. Describes how the couple met, were chased by a photographer and danced at London nightclubs. Was given a pre-auction estimate of £800 to £1,200 but sold for £14,
Ms Wood is the first Plaid leader not to come from a Welsh-speaking background. She is also the party's first female leader and hopes to become its first First Minister. Most teenagers in the traditional Labour stronghold of the Rhondda are too young to vote.
Study measured nitrogen dioxide (NO2) levels using 40 sensors in and around the airport. It then used modelling to predict what would happen in the future. Aviation Environment Federation (AEF) said the research was "highly speculative" and there was no guarantee pollution levels would fall.
British team delayed their flight to Belgium from Sunday to Monday. Davis Cup final is due to start on Friday in Ghent, 35 miles from Belgian capital Brussels. The International Tennis Federation has said it is "greatly concerned" by developments but that preparations for the tie will continue.
Plane overshot the runway at Kotoka International Airport in Ghana. All four crew members on board survived the crash. Police and troops cordoned off the scene following the incident. Vice President John Dramani Mahama says investigation will be carried out.
David Sole, 33, denied murdering Jonathan Ellison but was found guilty at Lewes Crown Court. Denise Antonia was cleared of murder but found guilty of assisting an offender. Mr Ellison was found dead in his flat in Gloucester Street, Brighton, in April 2011.
29-year-old has only been an MLA for two years. Graduated from Queen's University with a Bachelor of Arts degree in politics. She managed the late David McClarty's election campaign when he stood as an independent.
Jordanian Al-Qadi family bought a 92% stake in Rovers on Friday. Rovers are currently sixth in the League Two table. Manager Clarke says he does not fear for his job.
Matsuri Takahashi, 24, killed herself after working 100 hours overtime a month. Friends said she was so busy she slept just 10 hours a week. Dentsu accused of violating labour standards after her death in 2015. Case has led to renewed calls for changes to Japan's long
Chelsea are only the second reigning Premier League champions to lose the opening game of the following campaign (after Leicester last season) They are also the first title holders to concede three goals in the opening match of the next season and the first side to pick up two red cards on day one. H
Ghana's motorway was the pride and joy of the nation when it was opened in 1965. Last month, a part of the road collapsed and it has been total chaos. Emergency works, which we are told will take 21 days to complete, are in progress. Ghanaians
Cyclist collapsed while riding on the A5 near Chirk, Wrexham, on Sunday. He had been raising money for the Douglas Macmillan Hospice. North Wales Police said officers attended, along with a road and air ambulance.
The total purse for the Classic on 3 June will be £1.625m. The John Gosden-trained Cracksman is the favourite. Trainer John Jenkins has defended his owner's decision to run 1,000-1 outsider Diore Lia.
The Markit/CIPS manufacturing Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 49.2 from 50.7 in March. Firms blamed soft domestic demand, a fall in new business from overseas and uncertainty ahead of the EU referendum. A slowdown in the oil and gas industry, a major customer
Masked gunman opened fire at La Terrasse bar, killing a French national. A Belgian security official working for the EU and three Malians also died in the attack. One witness said an attacker shouted "God is Great" in Arabic ("Allahu Akbar") It is the first
Sweden striker's contract at Paris St-Germain expires in the summer. 34-year-old has been linked with Manchester United, Los Angeles Galaxy and AC Milan. Ibrahimovic is the club's record goalscorer with 152 goals in 178 appearances. PSG
Steven Gerrard will return to his former club as a youth coach in February. The 36-year-old has been out of work since leaving LA Galaxy at the end of the 2014-15 season. Liverpool boss Jurgen Klopp described Gerrard's appointment as 'wonderful news'
The 35-year-old has been without a club since at the end of last season. Morrison scored nine goals in 36 games for Ireland and was part of their squad at the 2002 World Cup. The striker is available to play for Exeter in their League Two game at Accrington
Football was the overall winner in the attendance stakes at 43.4 million. Three of the 10 best attended showpieces were horseracing events. Rugby union attendances, boosted by the Rugby World Cup, climbed to 7.5 million.
Jackie Stokes, 65, from Burton-upon-Trent, spent Â£9,500 on implants in Hungary. Dentist Dr Zsolt Csillag was given a one-year supervision order by the General Dental Council. Forest and Ray Medical Care Group
Capt Schettino was convicted of causing the shipwreck and abandoning ship before his passengers. 32 people died when the cruise ship hit rocks off the Tuscan island of Giglio in January 2012. He has long maintained his actions after the ship ran aground prevented a much greater loss of life.
Laura Trott, 20, and boyfriend Jason Kenny, 24, were both double Olympic champions in the velodrome. Andy Murray, 25, won tennis gold and silver, gymnasts Louis Smith, 23,and Max Whitlock, 19,both picked up two medals. Rebecca Adlington,
Jade Jones could be tempted to take up mixed martial arts after competing at Tokyo 2020. The 23-year-old won bronze for the United States in Judo at Beijing 2008. She could be the first fighter to win three Olympic gold medals in taekwondo. Johns
Duality is formed of diptychs, with each person posed in their own clothing and their workwear. Aim is to see how a viewer responds to a uniform and how it shapes their perception of that person. The images are on show at the No Walls Gallery as part of the
Wells, 23, impressed in the T20 Blast last season, scoring 373 runs at 28.69. He said: "It's clear that the club is going in the right direction and it's really exciting"
Economy minister Ken Skates had said Arriva's profits were "too high" Wales and Borders franchise has seen passenger numbers rise from 18 million in 2003 to 30 million. About 265,000 people use Cardiff Central station weekly.
Moto Z uses magnets to add optional hardware modules to the phone's rear. Phab2Pro is the first device to use Google's Tango technology. Lenovo is currently the world's sixth bestselling smartphone-maker, according to IDC. Analysts said the innovations might prove
Latvian veterans commemorate those who died defending Latvia against the Soviet Union in WWII. They are accused of being Nazi sympathisers - particularly by Latvia's large Russian-speaking community. Around 300,000 Russian-speakers, or 13% of Latvia's population, are so-called "
Environment body Natural Resources Wales has issued river flood alerts. Amber warning for persistent rain is in place for Gwynedd, Conwy and Denbighshire. The Met Office said up to 15cm (6ins) of rain could fall in north Wales.
Mr Cunha was accused of taking $5m in bribes from a company that won contracts with the state oil company, Petrobras. He was expelled from the Brazilian Congress last month. Petrobras is at the centre of a massive kickbacks scandal which cost the company $2bn
Turning Points is a nationwide story-telling project aimed at inspiring and changing the lives of others by collecting stories from people of all ages, abilities and walks of life. Film premiered at Chapter Arts Centre in Cardiff on Wednesday night. Tally Evans said his film celebrated life changing moments when a
Carwyn Jones complained that he didn't see the letter before it was published on Wednesday. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns hit back: "I'm a bit disappointed in that. The prime minister has been in Wales three times in the last six weeks"
Up to 70 personnel will join a United Nations contingent supporting African Union troops fighting al-Shabab. Up to 300 could also be deployed in South Sudan over time. PM says approach could help curb migrants coming to Europe.
Eddie Howe has signed a new contract with Championship side Cherries. The new deal is believed to take Howe through until 2020. He had two-and-a-half years left on his previous contract. Howe, 37, has overseen three of the club's six promotions
Artis Sterkis, 37, collapsed on the Peterhead-registered Starlight Rays. He was taken to hospital by rescue helicopter after the incident in August 2011. James Thores was fined at Elgin Sheriff Court after admitting health and safety breach.
Clwyd West MP David Jones said he backed proposals for 'English votes for English laws' He said it was important to define clearly what those issues were. Mr Jones said many of his constituents used hospitals in the north west of England. He was challenged by Delyn Labour MP David
Arms were found in Capanagh Forest near Larne by two members of the public. Arms include an armour-piercing improvised rocket and two anti-personnel mines. Main line of inquiry is the arms belonged to dissident republicans. Threat level in Northern
Reports of casualties range from 35 to more than 100 people killed in the blast. Witnesses say the explosion triggered when a truck began discharging cooking gas. The dead and injured are being taken to the Nnamdi Azikiwe University Teaching Hospital.
1908: Young Turk Revolution establishes constitutional rule, but degenerates into military dictatorship. 1949: First free elections won by opposition Democratic Party; Turkey joins Nato in 1952. 1970: Suleyman Demirel becomes prime minister - a position he is to hold seven times. 1980
Wales face Republic of Ireland in their final World Cup qualifier on Saturday. Chris Coleman's side are currently third in Group D, four points behind the leaders. Burnley's Sam Vokes says Gareth Bale and Aaron Ramsey are back in training.
Simpson was convicted in 2007 of robbery of what he said were stolen articles of personal memorabilia. He was acquitted in 1995 of the murder of his former wife and her friend in Los Angeles. Simpson says his defence lawyer, Yale Galanter, was ineffective at the subsequent trial.
Sammon has negotiated an early release from his contract with Derby. His deal is due to expire on 30 June, but Hearts need to register players for the Europa League 10 days before that. The 29-year-old Irishman is expected to formally sign for the Scottish Premiership club next week
Tinkoff-Saxo rider's team says he is free to continue racing. Kreuziger was withdrawn from this year's Tour de France because of possible irregularities in his passport. UCI banned him provisionally in August pending the Czech Olympic Committee's ruling. The UCI
Joseph Mulhern, 23, was abducted and shot by the IRA in July 1993. His body was found on a remote hillside on the border between counties Tyrone and Donegal. Stakeknife was running the IRA's internal security unit, otherwise known as the 'nutting squad'
Martin Godfrey said he had never supplied Tesco and was surprised to see image. Picture was originally taken when he was working for Shillingford Organics near Exeter. Tesco acquired image through an agency and has offered to donate Â£1,000 to a local charity.
India with an internet population of 354 million is an obvious target for Silicon Valley giants. Facebook, Google and Microsoft have all pledged their support for digital India. Huge show of support and increased interest in India has caused some concern within the country. Is India going to be content to just
Alex McLeish has been appointed as Zamalek's new manager. The 57-year-old will replace Mido, who was sacked two weeks ago. McLeish previously managed Motherwell, Hibernian, Rangers, Birmingham City and Aston Villa.
UN report says Eritrea may have committed crimes against humanity. It said the government may have a shoot-to-kill policy on its borders. President Isaias Afewerki has governed the East African nation for 22 years. Eritrea's foreign ministry said the allegations were
Clip shows two men coming to blows in front of a stationary bus in Norwich city centre. Both are seen grappling on the pavement before more punches are thrown. Bus operator Stagecoach said a driver had been suspended but no arrests have been made.
Actress Angharad Rees died after a long battle with pancreatic cancer. She played Demelza Poldark in the BBC drama series which ran for two series between 1975 and 1977. Before the TV series she had appeared in the 1972 film Under Milk Wood with Richard Burton
District heating sees large boilers provide heat for entire districts through pipes. System is popular in several other European countries. Scottish convention is for homes to have their own self-contained gas boiler. But there are some district heating schemes, including Caithness Heat and Power.
Flintshire council wants to increase recycling rates to meet Welsh Government targets. From June 2017, all rubbish will need to go into wheelie bins and anything else will not. Anyone still leaving rubbish outside bins will face fixed penalty notices.
Meghan Ambrozevich-Blair, 26, died following a collision near Dunbar in East Lothian. She was a student at Edinburgh Napier University and engaged to be married. Family said they were 'extremely proud' of their daughter's achievement and hard work.
Croatian city of Dubrovnik is home to the setting for the HBO mini-series Game of Thrones. The ancient Croatian city has struggled to cope with the influx of tourists in recent years. Venice, Capri and Barcelona have also suffered under the pressure of tourism.
Glass Butter Beach was supposed to run from Friday to Sunday at Abersoch, Gwynedd. Organisers have cancelled Saturday's event due to "extremely severe weather conditions" A yellow "be aware" warning is in place for every council area in Wales until 21:00 BST Saturday.
There are eight teams taking part, facing each other twice, with the top four sides qualifying for the play-offs. The competition finishes on 29 May in the same stadium. Four current or former England players will take part in the tournament: Eoin Morgan, Jos Buttler, Sam Billings
Project Loon team able to use machine learning to predict weather systems. Means the firm has greater control over where its balloons go, rather than circumnavigating the globe. Clustering a small number of balloons greatly reduces the cost of the idea. 'Real users' will
MoD Donnington provides logistics support for the Army, handling military equipment and weapons. Telford and Wrekin Council has been in talks with the MoD over the past 18 months. The local authority said it was putting together a planning application for a one million sq ft development.
Belfast Policing and Community Safety Partnership's 'Drug Dealers Don't Care, Do You?' campaign ran from February to April. In that time, 357 people were arrested and £44,000 in cash was seized. The principal drug seized was herbal cannabis.
Philip Stevens, five, and Izaak, two, were suffocated by their mother Melanie, 37. Their bodies were found at home in Trawsfynydd, Gwynedd, in December last year. Coroner recorded verdict of suicide for Ms Stevens and unlawful killing
Police were called to the property in Thornhill Road at about 11:00 on Saturday. The death is being treated as unexplained and a post-mortem will be held. Forensic examinations are taking place at the scene and there is an increased police presence.
Migration Watch says this would cut net migration from 180,000 to 65,000 a year. James McGrory, from the pro-EU Britain Stronger In Europe campaign, called the report "disingenuous" The UK is set to have a referendum by the end of 2017 on whether
Environment Secretary Caroline Spelman made the admission following action by ClientEarth. Judge Mr Justice Mitting said any enforcement action was a matter for the European Commission. He refused to make any declaration, or to order Mrs Spelman to outline plans for cutting pollution levels.
Syed, 35, is serving a life sentence for the murder of Hae Min Lee in 1999. His defence team is trying to reopen the case based on some of the questions raised in the Serial podcast over whether Syed had received a fair trial. Apparent errors and possible new evidence were discovered
Small objects were hidden by artist Luke Jerram for his installation Treasure City. Clues were hidden in paintings at the 20-21 Arts Centre in Bristol. First object, a Viking brooch, was found in a wall in Kingsway Gardens, Scunthorpe. Second object,
Gareth Pugh's body was found in the water at Peterstone Lakes Golf Club, near Newport. He was found with his feet pointing upwards, weighed down by a weighted belt and a bag of 341 golf balls. Dale Pike, 25, of Glynneath, Neath Port
Firefighters were called to a house in Marlborough Road, Oxfordshire, at 22:00 GMT. Man was removed from the home by firefighters, but later died in hospital. Cause of the fire is being investigated by Oxfordshire Fire and Rescue Service and Thames Valley Police.
Llorente has scored five goals in his last six games for Swansea. The 32-year-old has helped the Swans go five points clear of the relegation zone. Clement worked with Cristiano Ronaldo, Gareth Bale and Sergio Ramos at Real Madrid. Kyle Naughton
Legislation allows the permanent secretary to take control if a budget act has not been passed. The official can access a sum of money not exceeding 75% of this year's budget and direct how it is spent. This contingency plan was mooted during a previous budget crisis but described as '
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe, 37, was arrested on 3 April at an airport in Iran. Her husband Richard Ratcliffe says she has been held without charge. Their daughter, a British citizen, has had to stay with her grandparents. Under Iranian law only her father or mother
Scientists have created human-pig embryos known as chimeras. They say they should look and behave like normal pigs except that one organ will be composed of human cells. The embryos are part of research aimed at overcoming the worldwide shortage of transplant organs. But the work is controversial and
4 February 2017 Last updated at 05:32 GMT. Video journalist: Tendai Msiyazviriyo.
Harper Lee's classic was published 50 years ago this summer. It remains the only novel she ever wrote. Lee, 84, has never explained why she stopped writing. Close friend Thomas Lane Butts, a retired minister in her hometown, says she once told him the reason.
Plaid Cymru say Caerphilly Council has made cuts to protect key services. But council leader Keith Reynolds said it had to save £12m for 2015-16. He said the lighting was available, but there is no money to pay contractors to put up.
Marseille owner Margarita Louis-Dreyfus said in April she would sell the club. The deal is set to be completed by the end of the year. No fee has yet been disclosed for the sale of the French club.
Sir Chris Hoy is the first cyclist to carry the British flag at an Olympics opening ceremony. The Scot won the most votes among the 542 members of the British team. Hoy will compete in the team sprint and keirin at London 2012.
Amina Al-Jeffery, 21, was taken to Jeddah in 2012 by her father, Mohammed, who said he did it to "save her life" Mr Justice Holman said she had been "deprived of her liberty" and her father must facilitate her return.
Pan gyhoeddwyd canlyniad y bleidlais gyhoedus ym Mrwsel nos Fawrth, fe ddaeth Derwen Brimmon - coeden tua 500 mlwydd oed ger Y Drenewydd - yn ail i
All MPs will continue to vote on all key legislation, Commons leader Chris Grayling says. But English and English and Welsh MPs will have a veto on some key votes. Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland MPs will get a "stronger voice" in Parliament. SNP's Pete Wish
Hong Kong is home to 365,000 ethnic minority people, making up 6% of its total population. City lacks a curriculum for children speaking Chinese as a second language. This would enable them to learn Cantonese, a requirement for many jobs and university places. Language is a major
Northern Ireland Executive must demonstrate its finances are on a sustainable footing. We are talking about finding £20-30m a year for 20 years to cover an RHI overspend. It is premature to pronounce Northern Ireland's big economic idea as dead.
Oxford City Council wants to add 700 spaces to the east of the Seacourt site. The site currently has 794 spaces and needs more to ease congestion. Council said it considered relocating to a lower flood-risk zone but could not find an alternative.
LGBT Network says it is aware of "an organised campaign to detain gay men" in Chechnya. "Torture is going on with electric shocks, beatings with cables," says network's spokeswoman. More than 30 people crammed into one cell, she says, with three deaths reported
Hamilton has finished second, third and seventh in the races so far. Bad starts took him out of the reckoning for victory in the first two races in Australia and Bahrain and then in China technical trouble left him at the back of the grid. Rosberg has won won six races in a row
Bloggers with more than 3,000 daily readers must register with mass media regulator. Internet companies will also be required to allow Russian authorities access to users' information. Critics see it as the latest in a series of recent moves to curb internet freedom.
Chinese nationals illegally living in Spain reportedly paid the ring €8,000 ($8,960; £6,820) each to obtain fake contracts as domestic workers. In return they were given residency permits to work in Barcelona. Chinese immigrants are the fifth biggest foreign community in Spain with almost 170,000
De Maiziere warns of lone attacks on German trains. Germany's interior minister calls for tighter gun laws.
Davies led Forest to successive play-off campaigns while at the City Ground. The 47-year-old had an uneasy relationship with the board and was sacked in June. Forest have scored just 22 goals in 27 Championship games this season.
Britain's Mo Farah takes silver in the men's 4x100m relay at the London Olympics. Muktar Edris of Ethiopia wins gold in a time of 13 minutes 32.79 seconds. Britain's men win gold in the event, while the women take silver. Far
Ivan Cameron, who had cerebral palsy and epilepsy, died in hospital aged six in 2009. Mrs Cameron said it changed her husband's outlook on politics. "I think it made him understanding, though he couldn't be too subjective," she said.
71-year-old woman from Sandyhills tricked by someone claiming to work for BT. Now a woman in Stranraer has lost money to a caller who said he was contacting her about problems with her internet. He claimed to be from BT technical support and gained remote access to her
Fr Reid, 82, was a member of the Redemptorist order. He secretly acted as a conduit between the republican movement and the SDLP. In 1988, he was pictured praying over the bodies of Army corporals Derek Wood and David Howes.
Bayern Munich beat Porto 6-1 at Allianz Arena to reach Champions League semi-finals. Germans overturned 3-1 first-leg deficit to advance 7-4 on aggregate. Bayern boss Pep Guardiola says: 'It is about winning just like at Barcelona'
Small family farms across Wales could form Dairy Producer Organisation (DPO) DPO would allow farmers to talk with milk processors as one legal entity. Report warns that persuading farmers to join up could be a challenge. Number of dairy farms in Wales has nearly halved in the last 15
Woman, 37, died at the scene while the younger girl later died of her injuries. The man and the five-year-old girl were discharged from hospital.
Fifa passes anti-racism resolution with a 99% majority at its congress in Mauritius. First or minor offences will result in either a warning, fine or order for a match to be played behind closed doors. Serious or repeat offences can now be punished by a points deduction,
Ronnie Moore parted company with Hartlepool earlier on Wednesday. Craig Hignett will take charge of the team for the first time on Saturday. Hartlepool are one place above the relegation zone having lost three of their past four league matches.
The blaze broke at an address in West Hill Road, St Leonards, just after 17:30 GMT. The body of a man, believed to be in his 70s, was found inside the house. Sussex Police said the coroner had been informed and appealed for witnesses.
The 51-year-old man was arrested in North Yorkshire on Wednesday. He has been bailed pending further inquiries by Durham Constabulary. The vicar has been suspended for the duration of the investigation by the Bishop of Leeds.
Owens was the oldest of the 12 referees chosen for the World Cup final. The 44-year-old was in charge of New Zealand's 34-17 win over Australia. He says his plans are to referee until at least 2019.
Habtom Zerhom was shot by a security guard at a bus station in Beersheba. He was then kicked and beaten by a crowd as he lay in a pool of blood. A post-mortem examination found he died of bullet wounds - not the beating.
Kaka has been a regular in coach Dunga's squads, without getting much game time. The 34-year-old will replace Bayern Munich's Douglas Costa, who is out with a thigh injury. Brazil have been drawn in Group B with Ecuador, Haiti and Peru for the tournament
Marta Corredera, Alex Scott and Dan Carter score for Arsenal. Kirsty Linnett pulls one back for Birmingham. Arsenal will now face Notts County Ladies in the final at Rotherham on 1 November.
Dywedodd Ofcom eu bod wedi ailhysbysebu'r drwydded ar gyfer teledu lleol yn Abertawe am nad oedd ymgeisydd yn ystod rownd gyntaf y broses drwy
The move is part of Police Scotland's cost-cutting plan to centralise control rooms. If a decision is taken at a board meeting on 22 March it is thought likely that the centre will close.
Craig Harvey, 31, denies assaulting consultant radiologist Marcel Strauss. He is also accused of assaulting a prison officer and wrestling with three others. Mr Harvey pled not guilty to all the charges during an appearance at the High Court in Glasgow.
Jenny Rathbone and Mike Hedges are applying to take part in a ballot to ban fees. If they win, they will be able to propose a bill to ban the charges in Wales. Mr Hedges said the fees were a 'tax' on some of society's poorest people.
The General Medical Council has produced guidance to make cosmetic surgery safer. It will now consult doctors and the public about the guidance. Plastic surgeons said they were already using a two-week cooling-off period. The final GMC guidance is expected to be published in early 2016.
Blackburn reach FA Cup quarter-finals for first time since 2007. Theo Walcott denied late in the game as Arsenal's hopes of ending trophy drought are dented. Tomas Rosicky hit the bar after the break but Colin Kazim-Richards scored the winner. Black
Howler monkeys are named for their impressive howling roars. Their anatomical musical instrument is a bone in their throat called the hyoid bone, which acts as a resonator. The largest hyoid is 14 times the size of the smallest, and its size relates directly to the depth of
Christina Rees is the fifth appointment to the role since the 2015 general election. She replaces Jo Stevens, who resigned last month in protest at the triggering of the bill. Ms Rees was a shadow justice minister in January 2016 but resigned after the EU referendum.
Marcel Lazar, known online as "Guccifer", pleaded guilty in May on charges of aggravated identify theft and unauthorised access of a computer. The 44-year-old inadvertently uncovered Hillary Clinton's private email account in 2013 after hacking the account of her former political adviser, Sidney Blumenthal.
Queen Street will be open on Saturday for all people using Valley Lines services. People travelling to Bridgend and further west will use the rear of Cardiff Central. Bus replacement services will be used to take people to Pontyclun, Llanharan and Pencoed.
Susan O'Brien QC said those giving evidence must have experienced abuse no later than 17 December, 2014. Inquiry will examine abuse of children in care and effects of abuse on children and their families. Victims' groups have previously criticised a lack of progress in the work of the Scottish
Naseeruddin Mansuri rushed to defend Rajnish Thakur when he was attacked. Video of the incident was shown on Indian television and posted online. Mr Mansuri was hailed as a hero on social media. But he says he has received threats and is worried about his family
Targets to meet growing demand for Welsh-speaking teachers and public sector workers will also be set. Culture committee chairwoman Bethan Jenkins said 70% more Welsh-medium teachers needed. Welsh language commissioner Meri Huws called for "radical change" in the education system.
Grant Clarke, 43, suffered a devastating brain haemorrhage in May 2012. He was left paralysed down his left side, doubly incontinent and unable to swallow or communicate. Nursing and Midwifery Council suspended staff nurse Vanessa Kennard from practice.
Surrey council said residents' efforts had helped them reach their target of recycling 50% of household waste early. County hopes to achieve a 70% household waste recycling target by 2014. Items that can be taken to the recycle centres include wood, metal, televisions and mobile phones.
Mr Trump seems to be predicting the Champs-Elysees shooting will be a boost for Marine Le Pen. She has campaigned on deporting suspected Islamic militants and a French withdrawal from the EU. Earlier on Thursday former President Barack Obama spoke with another leading French candidate, Emmanuel Macron.
Fort Lewis-McChord is home to more than 100,000 personnel, including Sgt Robert Bales. As the population of the base has grown so has the amount of suicide and violence. An investigation is under way into allegations that diagnoses of soldiers with PTSD may have been altered.
James, 29, is covering Radio 1's Big Weekend in Norwich this bank holiday. Father Ted co-writer Graham Linehan and Dame Jenni Murray are also receiving degrees.
Beach Buddies co-ordinates weekly operations around Isle of Man's coast. New initiatives include more bins at various beauty spots and an online litter hotline. The government said its work had "encouraged more people to use the outdoors"
Britain take 2-0 lead in best-of-five singles tie against USA in Glasgow. Andy Murray beats Donald Young in straight sets to set up Sunday's reverse singles. Sam Querrey beats John Isner in four sets to level the tie at 1-1 in the second singles
Trees were part of an area known as 'Doggerland' which formed part of a much bigger area before it was flooded by the North Sea. The underwater forest was discovered by Dawn Watson and Rob Spray from Sea Search.
Scott Flynn was spotted putting two packages of heroin and cannabis resin in his mouth. He planned on taking the drugs into Perth Prison to pay off a debt. The 31-year-old claimed a gang said that he and family members would be "slashed" if he did not cooperate.
South Wales Police received a call about the safe storage of chemicals at Singleton Park. Lectures were moved away from the area and a controlled explosion took place. Nobody was injured and police said the incident was not treated as suspicious.
Revenue totalled $23.5bn (Â£15.2bn), up 57% on the previous year. Earnings driven by an influx of gamblers from mainland China. Macau is the only Chinese city where gambling is legal.
Ai Weiwei's exhibition, Ai Weiwei at Cycladic, is at the Museum of Cycladic Art in Athens. The exhibition includes an huge collage of 12,030 small pictures taken on the artist's camera phone. Many of the pieces are inspired by the migrant crisis on the
Sir John Chilcot will appear before MPs on the Commons Liaison Committee. The report criticised Tony Blair and his government's case for going to war in Iraq. Mr Blair has continued to insist the decision to remove Saddam Hussein was justified.
Cafodd Cerys Yemm ei lladd gan Matthew Williams, 34, yng ngwesty'r Sirhowy Arms yn Argoed, Sir Caerffili. "Roedd e'n hynod o gryf," meddai PC Griffiths
Sterling hit a high of over $1.50 before the referendum as traders predicted a win for the Remain side. But as reality sank in and the Leave side pulled away the currency went into freefall. The value of a nation's currency is often described as its effective share price
Public Accounts Committee said whistleblowers were subjected to bullying and harassment. Government said it was acting to ensure people felt free to speak out. Report highlighted the 'crucial' role whistleblowers had played in uncovering details about the Hillsborough disaster and the Mid Staffordshire NHS trust scandal. Committee
Worldwide campaign encourages cities and individuals to switch off non-essential lights for an hour at 20:30 local time. Critics have dismissed the campaign, now into its seventh year, as a gimmick of little or no practical benefit. This year, Russian President Vladimir Putin is taking part for the
Otto Warmbier's brother and sister, along with some friends, spoke during the service. Bagpipes played as mourners, wearing blue and white ribbons - the school's colours - left the school. There was only space for 800 people inside Wyoming High School's auditor
Maguire lost 10-7 to fellow Scot Alan McManus, his fourth consecutive first-round defeat in Sheffield. The 35-year-old, who has been as high as two in the world rankings, said he was "just not good enough" from the start of the match and
Right-wing Alternative fuer Deutschland (AfD) came second in election in Angela Merkel's home state of Mecklenburg-West Pomerania. AfD's anti immigrant and increasingly strident anti-Islam message has powerful appeal to people concerned about integration and domestic security.
Nearly one billion people smoked daily in 2015 - one in four men and one in 20 women. That was a reduction from one in three men and 1 in 12 women who lit up in 1990. But there was an increase in the overall number of smokers, up from 870 million in 1990
F1 supremo says the sport is not putting on a very good show. Ecclestone says the governance of F1 is "nothing to do with me" The 85-year-old blames the FIA for the new qualifying system that did not spice up race weekends. He
Tata Steel admitted releasing a quantity of benzole, exposing five workers to risk of death from flammable vapours coming off it. The company was fined £930,000 and ordered to pay costs of £70,000 at a hearing at Hull Crown Court.
Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn demands details of any Conservative-DUP deal. Sinn FÃ©in, the UUP, Alliance and the SDLP will hold separate meetings with Theresa May. DUP sources say announcement on deal delayed due to unfolding tragedy of Grenfell Tower.
Mullah Mansour's appointment prompted splits in the Taliban after Mullah Omar's death. A number of senior Taliban commanders refused to pledge allegiance to him and a faction opposed to him was set up last month. The Taliban source said the firing seemed to be spontaneous rather than planned.
Paul Pass, 49, was stabbed in his flat in Gloucester last October. Pair Abdulmalik Adua, 17, and Rezwan Islam, 19, used it as a drug-dealing base. Adua and Islam were found guilty of murder at an earlier hearing.
Warren Hall, 25, of Ashby de la Zouch, Leicestershire, was found dead on Thursday. His former partner Sandie Rayne was airlifted to hospital in a critical condition. A child, who was unharmed, was also found inside the property.
Police were called to Argyle Street near the Argyll Arcade at about 01:00. A 32-year-old man was found injured and taken to Glasgow's Royal Infirmary. He was taken to hospital where he was treated and treated for his injuries. 19-
Chester and North Wales play out 0-0 draw at Racecourse. It is the fourth year the fixture has been marked as a 'bubble match' Fans had to travel on official coaches under police escort. North Wales Police had warned supporters to behave at the match.
The Poland international has previously had spells in his homeland and Germany. The 27-year-old is the first player to join the club since Thomas Christiansen was appointed head coach last week.
Paint was poured onto the front archway of the hall in Clifton Street. Police have appealed for information and have asked witnesses to contact them.
UK officials said the bill for policing the Ecuadorean embassy in London was "unacceptable" Foreign Office minister Hugo Swire said the UK "continues to have a legal obligation" to extradite Assange. Swedish prosecutors dropped two sex assault claims against Mr Assange, who denies
All sides are now moving away from rigid positions taken when Syria's uprising erupted. Ideas emerging from Arab and Western capitals include a ceasefire, an amnesty for forces on both sides, and a transitional government. There's talk of a transition that could last up to two years. The biggest gap
Jackson is Barnsley's third signing ahead of their League One play-off final. The 22-year-old scored four goals in 36 appearances for Wrexham last season. He turned down a contract offer from the Welsh club.
Seven members of Algeria's goalball team have not yet turned up for their match against Israel. IPC says the team claims to have missed a bus which led to them missing a flight. They allegedly did not manage to rebook it in time because of a public holiday in Algeria. There
Australia detains any migrants trying to reach its shores by boat, and takes them to offshore processing camps to be eventually resettled elsewhere. On Thursday, the New York Times described the policy as "brutal" and said it would be "unconscionable" for European leaders
Court would be moved from its current position to improve views from Anmer House. King's Lynn Borough Council will consider the plans at a later date. The Royal couple are known to be fans of tennis and have previously attended Wimbledon.
Watchdog estimates need for 10,664 school places and 4,930 homes for 20,000 refugees by 2020. Government says it is on track to meet its target and has expanded programme at speed. Local authorities say they are struggling to find suitable housing and enough school places. Report
The man was kicked in the head a number of times and verbally abused by a group of men. He was later treated in hospital for facial injuries and police have appealed for information.
Solar Orbiter will take pictures and measurements from inside the orbit of Mercury. Esa has signed a contract with Astrium UK to build the satellite, for a launch in 2017. The deal is worth 300m euros (Â£245m), and the work will be done in Stevenage
Scotland's first minister says she will push the button on a second independence referendum. Sturgeon can probably win that in Holyrood, but can she win the referendum? She is undoubtedly a hugely effective and talented politician. But does the SNP have an updated economic argument?
NI Composite Economic Index (NICEI) showed growth of 0.3% when compared to the first quarter of the year. Compared to the same period in 2013 the economy has grown by 1.2%. The growth is being driven by the services and manufacturing industries.
Glasgow and Edinburgh Universities meet in the Scottish boat race on the Clyde. It is the third oldest race of its kind in the world, just behind Oxford-Cambridge and the Yale-Harvard Regatta in the United States. Edinburgh won every year between 2000 and 2012 but
Net mortgage lending fell to £2.4bn in the April-to-June quarter, down from £3.5bn a year earlier. Nationwide's profits for the quarter fell 20% to £322m, after last year's results were helped by a one-off gain.
Data from the box could help resolve the dispute over the jet's location when it was hit. The downing of the jet plunged relations between Russia and Turkey into crisis. Turkey insists that the jet, from the Russian air contingent deployed in Syria, ignored warnings to leave its airspace.
South Africa-born Dickson has been playing club cricket in the East Anglian Premier League. The 23-year-old has previously played first-class cricket for Northerns in South Africa. Kent have not disclosed the length of his contract at the St Lawrence Ground.
Kirsty McGuire said her son Codie McDowell was left screaming with pain. The accident in East Sussex has led his family to warn of the dangers of barbecues on beaches. Rother council said disposal was banned from the beach.
Labour MP for Birkenhead, Frank Field, is backing the Leave campaign. He will warn the referendum could be "the second-longest suicide note in Labour's history" Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn has said there is 'nothing half-hearted' about the campaign.
Victim suffered a serious head injury in the attack at an address in Heysham, Lancashire. She was taken to hospital where she remains in a critical but stable condition. A 57-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder.
FIFA president Sepp Blatter has never been shy about his views during his 17-year reign. The 79-year-old has been banned from football for eight years after match-fixing scandal. Blatter says he will step down as president at the end of his current term
Two-year-old Lane Thomas Graves was killed by an alligator at Grand Floridian resort. He was playing in the sand near the resort's Seven Seas Lagoon when he was dragged underwater. His father, Matt Graves, tried to pry open the creature's mouth, but was
Former justice secretary says he made'mistakes' in way he ran for Tory leadership. Says decision to back Leave put'significant strain' on relationship with David Cameron. Appeared to suggest he had not given up on a return to front-line politics.
Lord Advocate James Wolffe said without them, Scots' safety and security would be diminished. He backed Scottish government calls for UK to sign up to new regulations governing EU police agency, Europol. Unless the Home Office opts in, the UK will lose membership by May 2017.
Khan has been charged with culpable homicide by the Mumbai court. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. Khan is one of Bollywood's biggest stars and has starred in more than 80 Hindi-language films.
Broadband speeds in Kingsmere, on the edge of Bicester, rarely exceed 2Mbps. Developer Countryside Properties said it provided ducting for the cables but it was up to BT. BT said it proposed sharing the Â£45,000 cost of providing fibre-optic broadband
Hamdi Alqudsi, 42, was found guilty of violating Australia's foreign incursion laws for making travel arrangements for a group of would-be jihadists in 2013. He faces a maximum 10 years in jail for seven counts of providing services with the intention of supporting hostile acts. Alqu
Doctors' union says GPs are under 'unsustainable pressure' from workload and staff shortages. NHS England says there are no national limits suggesting 10 minutes with each patient. But NHS Choices advises patients to "plan ahead to make sure you cover everything you want to discuss"
Accountancy group UHY Hacker Young claimed new 'boutique' distillers were pushing big brands off the shelf. Scotland saw a 50% rise in new distilleries over the past year, from 12 in 2015 to 18 in 2016. In England, a record 35 new dist
Wales Governance Centre says stamp duty would raise less money per head in Wales than the rest of the UK. Experts fear the UK Treasury could cut block grant based on revenue predictions inflated by the London property market. They have called for the figures to be adjusted to set Wales a more realistic target
President Park Guen-hye says she will take "necessary steps to salvage the ship at the earliest possible date" But relatives of missing students say they are not convinced that the Sewol will definitely be raised. They remain wary of the plan, and call Ms Park's announcement vague and politically
Richard Davies, 41, died of a single gunshot wound to the chest in October 2015. He was shot after firing at officers in St Neots, Cambridgeshire, in October last year. His widow Samantha said she had text from her child saying they were tied up and begging her
Hatton made eight birdies and three bogeys in his five-under-par 67, while Fitzpatrick carded a level-par 72. They are tied with Australia's Marc Leishman (71) at Bay Hill, three shots behind American leaders. Rory McIlroy
London Luton Airport Ltd in talks with planners about increasing passenger numbers. Plans to increase footfall to 18 million passengers a year. Hertfordshire County Council says it is'stunned' by the new proposal.
Local Government Association said councils have to balance spending on parks against other priorities. Report by the Commons Communities and Local Government (CLG) Committee argued housing demand was also putting parks at risk. UK has about 27,000 public parks attracting 2.6 billion visits a year.
PM Narendra Modi is among the five most followed politicians on Twitter with 12.5 million followers. Analysts say he prefers social media over TV, print interviews or press conferences. He has forged "good personal relations" with world leaders through Twitter diplomacy. But too much social media presence has its
Professor Arthur Boycott attended Hereford Cathedral School between 1886 and 1894. His granddaughter Alice Gillett discovered the book while sorting through a collection of 6,000 books. The school has promised to waive any fines - which would have amounted to Â£7,446.
Clucas joined Hull from Chesterfield in July 2015 for a reported £1.3m. The 25-year-old scored six goals in 52 appearances in all competitions last season. He played for the first time in the Premier League last Saturday as Hull beat Leicester City.
Valentina Milluzzo died after going into premature labour in her 19th week of pregnancy. Her family alleges the doctor treating her refused to abort the foetuses because he was a "conscientious objector" to abortion. The hospital involved has categorically rejected the family's claims
Duran Duran claim they are owed $40,000 (Â£23,500) by Illinois-based WorldWide Fan Clubs. The company had been charged with managing subscriptions and fan records for the group. 75% of profits were supposed to go to the band, with the rest
Kyrgios beat world number 29 Querrey in straight sets to reach second round. The Australian, 21, won the Japan Open on Sunday and is closing in on the top 10. He was fined £984 for a foul-mouthed outburst at the Shanghai Masters last
Victim reported the rape to police in 2002 but CPS decided no action should be taken. A fresh investigation was launched in 2013 when the victim reported it again. Police said the woman had "suffered for years" and been ostracised by family. Andrew Armstrong, 33, pleaded guilty
Port of Grangemouth container terminal to be resurfaced under Â£1.5m investment programme. The project will create additional storage lanes for laden containers and improve equipment access to landside and shipside operations. Grangemouth currently handles more than 150,000 containers annually.
Commonly known as wild garlic, the alium was introduced as a garden plant. It escaped and is now rampant in woods and hedgerows. Plant expert Jane Gilmour is advising gardeners to get rid of the invader.
MOTV is a paid-for video on demand app about hunting, shooting and fishing. It was launched this week in the UK, but attracted criticism for carrying video of hunters with dead lions and other animals. The company was keen to underline that it operates independently from Arsenal Football Club.
Shaun Coles, 24, admitted a charge of sexually assaulting a girl under the age of 13. Lincoln Crown Court heard he and the girl had initially messaged each other on Facebook. Messages between the two were uncovered by the girl's mother after she went missing. C
The woman, who is in her 70s, was attacked in Sneem, County Kerry, on 20 September. The man was detained by officers in Killarney on Saturday morning.
Nick Warren, 57, got into difficulties as he tried to reach his black Labrador. He was rescued by lifeboat crews but died at Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Hospital. Mr Warren's former wife, Heather, said he was her "best friend"
Andreas Christopheros, 29, was attacked at his Truro home by David Phillips, 49. Phillips admitted assault causing grievous bodily harm with intent in 2015. He was given a 16-year sentence and will be eligible for parole after eight. Mr Justice Wyn Williams ruled that
Watson will work alongside Mark McGhee as assistant to Scotland manager Gordon Strachan. McCall left his role with Scotland after more than three years to take over as manager of Bradford City.
51 refugees will arrive in Belfast under the Vulnerable Persons Relocation Scheme. Eleven of them are children under the age of five, including a baby. This is the first time Northern Ireland has participated in a refugee resettlement program. Muslims and Christians are among those due to arrive in mid
Rita Wharton died when her car was hit after Anita Corless tried to overtake traffic. Corless admitted causing death by dangerous driving and was jailed for 16 months. The driving instructor said she had no memory of the fatal manoeuvre on the A483.
Serge Pauwels' team-mate Omar Fraile finished second and Britain's Tao Geoghegan-Hart, riding for Team Sky, was fifth. Pauwels attacked at the top of the Cote de Wigtwizzle, with 22km remaining, then eked
LGBT Youth Scotland said more needed to be done to ensure LGBT young people felt safe. Survey found 49% of LGBT people aged 13 to 25 said they felt safe and supported by legal system. Figure fell to 40% among those who identified as transgender. Half of those surveyed said they
Police tried stopping the car after it was seen "acting suspiciously" But it drove off at speed hitting the cyclist a short distance away. The driver is in custody and the case has been referred to IPCC.
Neymar spent an hour and a half before the judge. He has previously denied wrongdoing, in an interview with Brazilian media. Barcelona said it paid €57m (£43m) for Neymar in 2013. Investigators say the fee was closer to €83m.
480 ballot papers for Hull East constituency were sent out without listing Labour's Karl Turner and the Green Party's Sarah Walpole. Hull City Council apologised and said a printing error had affected people who registered to vote after 1 April. The authority said it had hand-delivered the new ballot papers
Wales lost 24-18 to Australia in their Six Nations opener in Cardiff. Shane Williams scored a last-gasp try in his final game for Wales. Wales coach Gatland said it was a fitting send-off for the 34-year-old wing. Gatland
Paul Gascoigne appeared on BT Sport's Fletch and Sav show. Former England striker spoke about his long term battle with alcohol addiction. Revealed he still gets tearful when it hits him that his playing days are over. Admits he still finds it hard to go
Ineos wants to conduct seismic surveys at Clumber Park in Nottinghamshire. Firm wants to see if there is potential for fracking. The National Trust said it opposed any activities leading to the extraction of fossil fuels.
"Huge recovery" of what are believed to be controlled substances made in Staffordshire. Properties in Manchester, Essex and London are also being searched. Suspects are being questioned on suspicion of conspiracy to supply Class A drugs.
Kyle Walker has signed a five-year deal with Manchester City. The deal, which comes to £50m including £5m of add-ons, could make him the most expensive English player ever. Pep Guardiola released three full-backs at the end of last season. Walker
Raccoon spotted on roof of house in Cambridgeshire. Rescue centre called in to help, but it was 'a bit of a wrestle' as he was 'not the friendliest of raccoons' Animal was eventually brought down safely, using a control pole.
Thieves took the animal from Silver Star Pets in Pengam, along with dog leads, dog coats, fish tanks, pet food and grooming equipment worth £35,000. The incident is one of four break-ins that occurred at the Britannia Enterprise Centre some time between Tuesday evening and Wednesday morning
Leon Mugesera was an official in Rwanda's ruling Hutu party. He told party members to kill Tutsis and dump their bodies in the river. Mugesera maintained his innocence, saying the speech had been taken out of context.
Of 1,763 would-be students who had contacted or applied to UK universities, almost half said UK study less attractive. But 17% told international student recruiters Hobsons that UK universities would be more attractive after the referendum. Vote Leave campaign said it was crucial to ensure there were enough places
Father allowed his daughter to marry a 26-year-old Lebanese man in a ceremony in New South Wales. He said he did not want her to have sex outside marriage. The pair had sex at a hotel the night of the wedding and at the father's home the following weekend.
Lego Movie creators Chris Miller and Lord optioned rights to the popular podcast Serial. Fox 21 TV Studios is developing a new series based on the podcast. It will chronicle the making of the podcast as it follows a new case. Serial has been commissioned for two seasons.
Commission on Local Tax Reform said there was no'magic bullet' to cure defects. It said the council tax had built-in problems "from day one" but failure to modify it had stored up more difficulties for policy makers. The commission, set up by the Scottish government and council body
The British Hen Welfare Trust said 240 birds were in need of new homes in Wrexham. The trust said the birds had spent the last 18 months laying eggs for supermarkets. It said they were healthy and "will soon become much-loved pets"
Curtis Naughton came through the Bradford Bulls academy. He spent a year at Sydney Roosters before joining Hull in 2015. The 21-year-old will help cover the loss of James Clare, who has a serious knee injury.
Unidentified man's body was dumped in lay-by near Glossop, Derbyshire. Police are liaising with Europol as the victim could be a foreign national. Post-mortem examinations revealed the body belonged to a white man under the age of 50. No DNA matches have
Van Gaal has been out of work since being sacked by Manchester United in May 2016. The 65-year-old also had spells in charge of Ajax, Barcelona, Bayern Munich and AZ. He made the announcement after receiving a lifetime achievement award from the Dutch government for his contribution to football.
Around one in 10 people in the Caucasian population carries PIA2 variation of the gene. Scientists calculate the gene increases a person's risk of having a stroke by 10-15%. Lifestyle factors such as smoking and exercise have the greatest influence on risk.
Raban Alou, 18, is charged with aiding and abetting the killing of police accountant Curtis Cheng. Talal Alameddine, 22, is accused of supplying the weapon used by Mr Cheng's killer, 15-year-old Farhad Jabar. Neither appeared in court and no
Google will stop producing Glass in its present form. The Explorer programme, which gave software developers the chance to buy Glass for $1,500, will close. Google says it is committed to working on the future of the product, but gave no timescale for the launch of any new version.
The device was found in a private residence in Blanchardstown on Friday night. A number of people were moved from their homes during the alert. It was then removed to a secure military location for further examination.
The AU took the decision following a divisive debate at its annual heads of state of summit in Addis Ababa. South Africa and Burundi have already decided to withdraw, accusing the ICC of undermining their sovereignty and unfairly targeting Africans. The ICC denies the allegation, insisting it is pursuing justice
The king also made several appointments to the team of his son, Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman. In June, the 31-year-old prince became the first in line to the Saudi throne. He replaced the king's nephew, Mohammed bin Nayef, 57, who pledged allegiance to the
Aberdeenshire-based Harbro Group saw pre-tax profit increase by £800,000. This was despite turnover falling by £1m to just over £100m. The company manufactures and supplies feeds for the beef, sheep, dairy, pig and poultry sectors.
Mr Trump said Mr Mueller's friendship with James Comey was 'bothersome' But he did call Mr Mueller an 'honourable man' Mr Mueller was appointed special counsel to lead investigation into alleged Russian interference. US media have reported he is investigating Mr Trump for possible obstruction of justice
Jon Platt, 44, took his daughter on holiday despite her school refusing permission. Isle of Wight Council asked the High Court to clarify whether a seven-day absence amounted to a child failing to attend regularly. Mr Platt successfully argued there was no case to answer because his daughter
Gunman opened fire on Annonciate Haberisoni as she was waiting for her hair to be done. Her husband accused the government of compiling a hit list of people to be targeted. Tensions have been rising in Burundi ahead of elections in May and June.
O2 and Vodafone had threatened legal action to prevent EE gaining an early 4G advantage. O2: "We're pleased that we've made progress but frustrated that it's taken so long" Ofcom spokesman: "To suggest that the delay has been caused by anything other than
Mohammed Sufiyan Choudry and Zaiur Rahman were members of Al-Muhajiroun. They were caught in an undercover police operation in Luton in December 2015. Choudry, 23, from Maidenhead, and Rahman, 39, of Luton,
The Football League wants to create an extra division with 20 teams in each from 2019-20. There are currently 24 teams in the Championship, League One and League Two. The Premier League and the FA have backed the proposal "in principle" The proposal has attracted mixed reaction from Football League clubs
Rules prevent non-EU chefs being employed if a restaurant offers take-away service. UK government said this was designed to drive innovative cuisine. But industry sources say it has led to restaurants closing because they cannot recruit chefs. Ajmal Mushtaq, who runs a restaurant in Hamilton
England's World Cup preparations suffer a blow as they lose to France. Head coach Stuart Lancaster's XV struggled to deal with French power for first 70 minutes. Two late tries from Danny Cipriani and Jonathan Joseph made it close. England host Ireland in their final World Cup warm-
Bombay Sapphire London Dry Gin should have had 40% alcohol content by volume. The actual figure was 77%. Officials said the problem had been traced back to the production line. No illnesses associated with the gin have been reported.
Towell, 25, was knocked down twice during the bout in Glasgow on Thursday. His partner Chloe Ross revealed he had been suffering migraines for weeks but dismissed it as pre-match stress. Towell was taking part in a welterweight title eliminator against Welsh fighter Dale
Daimler has been under intense pressure from police and prosecutors. Authorities are investigating the possible manipulation of diesel exhaust emissions in passenger cars. A Daimler spokesman said the software fix was not linked to the police investigation. He said the voluntary measure was to cut nitrogen oxide pollution.
New cement blocks radioactive isotopes trying to pass through it. Sheffield University team believes the new mix is up to 50% better than previously proposed barrier solutions. Cement will need to block the passage of radioisotopes far into the future.
Challenge Cup holders CSNI were well beaten by CIYMS who join Instonians, Lisburn and Muckamore in the semi-finals. North-West Cup holders Donemana were 3-2 at one stage but rallied to defeat Coleraine. Fox Lodge,
Aidan Chaves pleaded guilty to a charge of having an offensive weapon in a public place. Magistrates heard he reacted angrily to taunts from fans and was spat on. But he denied screaming threats at Clacton supporters on the touchline at the Hertfordshire club. Steven
Michael Ondaatje and Peter Carey will not attend PEN Literary Gala in New York. Writers say PEN is stepping beyond its traditional role of defending imprisoned writers. They are unhappy with PEN handing Freedom of Expression Courage Award to Charlie Hebdo.
Last year £3.6bn was spent on agency staff, but the regulator wants that down by £1bn. A cap was introduced in October and has so far saved £600m, NHS Improvement said. It means hospitals, mental health trusts and ambulance services should not be paying more
Camden Glass, part of the Camden Group, has started a 30-day consultation with staff on the closure of its factory in Benburb. The firm produces and supplies PVCu window and door products. Camden Group has told Unite it will be creating 50 new jobs at a new plant
Poundland is part of a wider UK success story: the rise of the discount retailers. Overall, the discount sector has grown 48% over the past five years. Discount stores grew twice as fast as the big four supermarkets last year.
Accident happened at about 22:30 BST on Saturday in Quinton, Birmingham. Children, aged five and six, were taken to Birmingham Children's Hospital. Their injuries are not thought to be life-threatening or life-changing.
Victim discovered with head and facial injuries in bedroom of flat in Mount Vernon. Woman, 41, also charged with attempting to pervert the course of justice. She is due to appear at Belfast Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
Sayana Press is a pre-packaged device with a smaller needle and no syringe. Burkina Faso was the first country to use it for contraception. Next countries to start using it are Niger, Senegal, Senegal and Uganda. Gates Foundation, Pfizer and Children
Investigations were suspended in 2011 after a critical report into the office. The report found that the independence of the office had been compromised. A follow-up inspection report published on Wednesday concluded that enough improvements have been made for historical investigations to resume.
The investigation concerns two games involving the Manly Sea Eagles last year. The games were against South Sydney Rabbitohs and Parramatta Eels. Ryan Tandy was banned for life after being convicted of match-fixing in 2011.
School roof ripped off at Rhosgadfan near Caernarfon, Gwynedd. Hundreds of homes across Wales experienced power cuts. Irish Ferries cancelled six of its fast sailings between Holyhead and Dublin due to "adverse weather conditions" on the Irish Sea.
The CM11 armoured vehicle carrying five soldiers fell into the Wangsha river. The driver and tank captain survived with light injuries. President Tsai Ing-wen has sent her condolences.
Garcia turned up unannounced to interview members of senior executive committee. He served as a federal prosecutor with the Southern District of New York from 1992 to 2001. Has kept largely out of the media spotlight and has not run for public office. Married to an FBI agent, he
Ashley Beck and Alan Wyn Jones score tries for Ospreys. Conor Gilsenan and Nicky Smith score for Connacht. Ospreys finish fifth in the table for second successive season.
Billy lost his lower legs during a race at Donington Park days before his 18th birthday. He spent nearly a month in hospital after the accident. After recovering from his injuries, Billy said he really wanted to race again, despite his injuries. Now the Formula 4 racer is back behind
Pop Recs Ltd hosted in-store gigs by acts from Franz Ferdinand to James Bay. It also earned an award for Britain's hardest-working band from the Association of Independent Music. Sunderland City Council, which owned the building, has sold it for student flats.
Liam Gooch, Stephen O'Donnell, Danny Green, Zane Banton and Craig Mackail-Smith will leave the club on 30 June. But keeper King, 19, and defender Potts, 23, are set to stay. Club's option on Frank Musonda's contract will
Lille striker set to sign for Algeria. Benzia was born in France but is eligible for Algeria through his parents. The 21-year-old has scored 26 goals in 43 appearances for France's youth teams.
England netball players will become full-time athletes. Zoology student Hannah Housby, 21, will be able to play netball without the need for a job. Full-time status will allow the England side to train together more regularly. England are ranked third in the
South Wales Police is the largest Welsh police force area by population. There are 2,937 officers that work in South Wales Police. The total force budget for 2016/17 is £258.9m.
ONX-0801 is the first in a new class of drugs which work by mimicking the ability of folic acid selectively to latch on to cancer cells. It is hoped the drug could help women who have stopped responding to all other currently available treatments. So far, it has only been tested
Miss Yeates, 25, from Bristol, has not been seen since 17 December. Her parents have said they fear she has been abducted and could be dead. Specialist teams continue to search areas around the Clifton Downs and Avon Gorge. CCTV of Miss Yeates at
The KLF made their comeback at a book launch in Liverpool on Wednesday. The duo were greeted by 500 fans as they arrived at the News From Nowhere book shop. Their new novel 2023, described as "a utopian costume drama set in the near future" is due to be performed
Maria de Villota was hurt when the MR-01 race car she was driving hit a support truck. It was the first time the 32-year-old Spaniard had driven the car for the Marussia team. Inspectors from the Health and Safety Executive visited the test track on Wednesday
Flames could be seen shooting from the roof of Scotway House on Friday evening. The Scottish Fire and Rescue Service sent a number of appliances to the scene. No injuries were reported and the nearby Riverside Museum was not damaged.
Nikki Haley is the first non-white female cabinet-level official appointed to the incoming Trump administration. She is the daughter of Indian immigrants and was a vocal critic of Mr Trump on the campaign trail. The Republican-controlled Senate will need to confirm her appointment before she officially takes office.
Ban applies to officials with access to classified information, as well as ministers, mayors and magistrates. There are concerns that they may inadvertently reveal information. Comes as relations between the two sides are already strained. Beijing claims Taiwan as a province of China with hopes of reunification at
Burton Albion manager Nigel Clough says promotion is 'frightening, but exciting' The Brewers finished second in League One to clinch promotion to the Championship. Clough first managed Burton in the sixth tier of English football in 1998.
Soldiers from the 2 Scots battalion of the Royal Regiment of Scotland are being sent to Kabul. The soldiers have completed months of intensive training and will be based in the Afghan army college. Their role will be to assist in the training of Afghan army soldiers and officers.
Pergolizzi, 36, is a songwriter for hire, donating hits to the likes of Cher and Rihanna. Her father advised against a career in entertainment, saying it would "never pay the bills" Instead, she became a New York native and adopted stage name LP.
Chelsea came from behind to beat Manchester City 3-2 in the Premier League. Willian, Diego Costa and Eden Hazard scored the goals that gave the Blues victory. Kevin de Bruyne missed a great chance to put City ahead in the second half. Fernandinho was sent off for
Hasan Karkardi has been suspended for six months for sparring with Blackwell. Blackwell, 26, retired after suffering a bleed on the skull in March. He spent a week in an induced coma after losing his British middleweight title fight with Chris Eubank Jr.
Inger Shah, 38, was one of 96 fans fatally injured at the 1989 FA Cup semi-final. Her son, Daniel, also attended the match, he stood with friends at the back of the Leppings Lane terrace. Both Daniel and his sister Becky, 17, were taken into care
XpoNorth takes place on 7 and 8 June in Inverness and will include talks, workshops and performances. Speakers include Matteo Alessi of Italian design house Alessi and Halla HelgadÃ³ttir, managing director of the Iceland Design Centre.
Cambridge United host Manchester United in the third round of the FA Cup. The U's are the lowest-ranked team left in the competition. Holders Arsenal visit Brighton, and Chelsea will play Bradford City. Manchester City host Middlesbrough and Bournemouth travel to Aston Villa.
Neil Aspin has retained 14 players, and released five. O'Donnell returned from injury to play four games at the end of the season. Tynesiders finished three places and twelve points behind fifth-placed Aldershot.
Liverpool host Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium on Saturday. City remain without long-term absentees Gabriel Jesus and Ilkay Gundogan. Liverpool will assess forward Roberto Firmino, who missed last weekend's win against Burnley with a minor injury. Dejan Lovren, who
Barrow have won just five league matches of the 2017-18 season. Michael Moore will take interim charge while the Bluebirds search for a successor. Cox had arrived on a three-and-a-half-year deal in November 2015.
Mark Turner, 55, tried to use an EpiPen to counter the severe allergic reaction. He spilled the contents, a hearing at Exeter's County Hall was told. His wife then successfully used another pen to administer an injection. But he died from the reaction to the sting at his home
Torquay United beat Forest Green Rovers 5-5 in their Championship clash. Dan Sparkes scored twice in seven minutes for Torquay, with David Fitzpatrick providing both assists. Keanu Marsh-Brown and Christian Doidge scored for Rovers.
Pastor Mark's biological daughter Monica and adopted daughter Sarah were abducted in April. The pastor and his family eventually fled Chibok in September after repeated attacks by the militants. They moved to the nearby town of Mubi until it also came under attack the next month and now live in Min
State Duma votes 380-3 for the bill, two days after it passed its second reading. First-time offenders who do not cause serious injury will face a maximum of 15 days police custody. Campaigners say the bill would mean the "exoneration of tyrants in the home
Mau Mau fighters were mainly drawn from Kenya's major ethnic grouping, the Kikuyu. By 1952 they were attacking political opponents and raiding white settler farms. In October 1952 the British declared a state of emergency and began moving army reinforcements. Counter-insurgency lasted until 1960 when
Davies, 32, joined in 2015 and skippered the Staggies to League Cup final success in his debut season. He lost the captaincy at the beginning of this term and was seeking a return to his native north-east of England, due to family matters. Since then he
Prince Harry sat on a 3.1m (10ft) crocodile removed from a trap in Darwin Harbour. Pictures released by the Parks and Wildlife Commission Northern Territory. Meanwhile, the prince has completed an eight-day tour of New Zealand. He scored a winning goal in the
Paul Reiffel has been advised to rest after being hit on the head by Bhuvneshwar Kumar. Australian batsman had precautionary scans but was given the all clear. Marius Erasmus will continue alongside Bruce Oxenford on the field for the rest of the
Carlos Ghosn says there is a need to build a "much higher awareness" of the company's products in Brazil. Nissan is supplying 5,000 cars for the Games and the Brazilian Olympic team to use. The company has used Olympic sprint champion Usain Bolt in its adverts
Crayfish are considered a key indicator of the health of our rivers. Numbers have been in sharp decline since the introduction of North American signal crayfish to Britain in the 1980s. Non-native species spread widely, out-competing native populations for food and infecting them with a
London Fire Brigade called to arena on Millennium Way, Greenwich, at 11:15 BST. About 21 firefighters tackled the blaze which was contained to the extraction system. Security staff evacuated people from arena and there were no injuries.
Steve McQueen's film will play at more than 1,000 locations in the US and Canada from Friday. The memoir on which it is based has seen a similar boost, jumping more than 300 places in Amazon.com's chart. Solomon Northup's book is now in 16th
Niagara Falls Water Board said it was caused by a "routine" water treatment. Officials say the plant had the correct paperwork to release the discharge. The water was being flushed out over the weekend in preparation for upgrade work.
Dundee striker Greg Stewart scores a hat-trick as Dundee beat Dumbarton 6-2 on Saturday. Former Rangers youth player Greg Stewart and Dundee team-mate Jamie Hemmings both net twice. Paul Hartley's side have signed the pair from Cowdenbeath
Lillehammer 2016 is the second edition of the Winter Youth Olympics. About 1100 athletes from 70 countries, aged between 15 and 18, will compete in 15 sports. 70 gold medals at stake within the 15 disciplines at Lillehammer. British Olympic Association has sent a team of 16 athletes
UKIP councillor Jeff Elenor announced he was defecting to join the Democratic Independent Group. He joins four other UKIP councillors who defected last month. They were unhappy with the council's lack of action over Manston Airport. The airport closed in May 2014 and was sold to a private consortium
Teaching unions have accused Ofqual of "regulatory failure" But regulator insists it applied its measures correctly. Comes as heads call for an independent inquiry into the problems.
Residents say victims were travelling in a pick-up truck that was targeted. They had been heading to a local market, according to the residents. There was no immediate comment from the coalition, which says it does not target civilians. The UN says air strikes have caused the majority of the more
Celebrations are taking place in Bethlehem, where it is believed Jesus was born. However this year they are overshadowed by the latest Israeli-Palestinian violence. Young Palestinians regularly join protests that result in confrontations with Israeli soldiers. Flashpoints across the West Bank including on the edge of Ram
North Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Arfon Jones branded the force's report "inaccurate" Gwent and South Wales Police judged as good in annual "legitimacy" assessments by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary (HMIC) HMIC said abuse of authority for sexual gain
Sian Grigg has worked with Leonardo DiCaprio on several films including Titanic and Inception. She has been nominated for an Academy Award for her work on The Revenant. DiCaprio thanked her during his acceptance speech at the Golden Globes. Pembrokeshire
Sophie Fearns said son Charlie, of Merseyside, urgently needs more T-Cell Therapy at Seattle Children's Hospital. His mother said she was "ecstatic" and "overwhelmed" by the "selfless amazing person" who paid for his treatment. Charlie has been ill
Air France was fined the largest amount - €182.9m - while KLM was fined €127.2m. Air Canada, Martinair, British Airways, Cargolux, Cathay Pacific Airways, Japan Airlines, LAN Chile, Qantas, SAS and Singapore Airlines also
Bournemouth beat Swansea 3-2 on Saturday to move 13 points clear of the relegation zone. Cherries striker King scored his second goal in as many matches to take his season tally to five. The 24-year-old joined the Cherries after leaving Blackburn in the summer.
Red Cross says 25,000 rebels and civilians have been evacuated from rebel-held areas. Aid groups say conditions are inadequate, with insufficient food and medical supplies. World Health Organization says 301 injured and sick patients, including 67 children, have been taken to eight hospitals. Turkey is also preparing
President Obama and President Raul Castro re-establish long-frozen diplomatic ties with the US. US Charge d'Affaires in Havana, Jeffrey DeLaurentis, recalls the historic day of the thaw. "Everyone erupted into thunderous applause and at that moment I knew
Olympique de Marseille are 12th in Ligue 1 after nine games this season. Former LA Dodgers owner says he will invest £180m over the next four years. Marseille finished 13th last season.
Belgium's dense road network uses 2.2 million bulbs to illuminate its roads - 186 bulbs per square mile. Images taken from the International Space Station (ISS) have attracted tens of thousands of reactions on Facebook. French astronaut says London, Paris and Brussels "form a very European triangle
Vladislava Podchapko's son Daniil, aged one year and 11 months, died on 3 December. His sister Anya, nearly three, remained in the Kiev flat with the dead body for three more days. The linoleum by the locked front door had been
McQueen came through Southampton's youth ranks and has played one first-team game. The 20-year-old came on as a sub against Sunderland in the FA Cup in February 2014.
Government wants to build a £2bn 1.8-mile (2.9km) tunnel alongside the World Heritage site. But Highways England is also considering a bypass route on the A303 south of the city. A group of historians have called for "no further damage" to
Saracens have been a middling club for many years, rarely competitive when the going got tough and rarely threatening to win anything. Since 2010 the players have sunned themselves in the Italian resort of Rimini, hung out in Miami, hit the ski slopes in Switzerland and returned to Munich
Damning report compiled after interviews with more than 200 Rohingya refugees. One mother recounted how her five-year-old daughter was murdered while trying to protect her from rape. In another case, an eight-month-old baby was reportedly killed while five security officers gang-raped his mother.
Pipe burst in Chester Green, Derby, sending water gushing along Mansfield Road. Schools in Littleover, Chaddesden and Mackworth reported brown water coming from taps. Severn Trent Water said it could take up to five days to fix the problems.
Guernsey draw 2-2 with Guernsey in their first ever cup match on the island. The Green Lions were 2-1 down at half time but fought back to earn a replay. Dave Rihoy scored both goals for the hosts after the break.
World Anti-Doping Agency commission report accuses Russia of running a "state-sponsored" doping programme. Commission chairman Dick Pound said Russia's athletics federation, Araf, should be banned from the Rio 2016 Olympics. Wada's independent commission examined allegations of doping, cover-ups and extortion in
Labour's Rushanara Ali said the Prevent strategy needed a 'proper assessment' Security minister Ben Wallace said it had been reviewed 'to ensure it works' Kadiza Sultana, 16, is feared dead after an air strike in Raqqa, her family solicitor has said.
"Fully-guided" tours will take place on the Harewood Estate in Leeds at weekends. They will take in "the familiar haunts of Home Farm, Bob's Cafe and The Woolpack" Emmerdale moved to the purpose-built set in 1998 after the village of E
De La Salle college in Andersonstown has been hit by an apparent industrial relations dispute. More than 25 teachers out of a teaching staff of about 70 called in sick on Wednesday. It is believed a dispute at the school, which has about 1,000 pupils, centres on an incident prior
Sicily's rural Mafia are shepherds in the main, but some officials believe they're acting in cahoots with local lawyers, accountants and even politicians. Winemaker Cesare Blanco says the battle against them pits modern Italy against forces that want Sicily to remain rooted in
The BBC has developed a way to control iPlayer using a brainwave-reading headset. The headset works with an experimental version of the BBC's iPlayer on-demand platform. Users can turn on and operate the app by concentrating or relaxing their minds.
Hebridean Celtic Festival will use an app to trigger online information from signs and posters. Videos and band interviews will be available to view on phones and tablets. HebCelt is is taking place in Stornoway on the Isle of Lewis from 19 to 22 July.
Houvenaghel has retired from cycling citing a back injury. The 39-year-old won silver for Great Britain at the Beijing Olympics in 2008. She will return to dentistry where she will be treated as an equal, she says. Former GB cyclist Victoria Pendleton agrees
There will be at least eight guaranteed singles' matches, plus any more which are not completed on Saturday. Tickets must be purchased in advance online, with none available on the day. Play will start on all courts, including Centre and Court One, at 11:30 BST. It will
The team, in the Ragusa district, came under suspicion because they were called out more often than others. In the alleged fraud, the volunteers rang the emergency 115 number themselves or got friends or relatives to do it. Most of the 15 volunteers detained have admitted starting fires deliberately.
Figures compiled by the NSPCC show 85 offences recorded by police every day. Spokesman said high-profile cases had "played a contributory factor" in encouraging people to come forward. Chief Constable Simon Bailey said police now looked "upon child abuse very differently" BBC home
US and UK impose new carry-on restrictions banning laptops on certain flights. Inbound flights on nine airlines operating out of 10 airports in eight countries subject to ban. US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson hosting two-day meeting of ministers and senior officials from 68 nations to discuss threat from IS.
North Korea says its nuclear programme is in "full-fledged stage of miniaturisation" Claim comes hours after North Korea cancels visit by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. Mr Ban was due to visit an industrial complex in the Kaesong economic zone.
Ukraine has paid Gazprom $378m in advance for December gas deliveries. Russia cut off Ukraine's gas in June as the conflict between the government and rebels escalated. Ukrainian pipeline operator Ukrtransgaz says up to 43.5m cubic metres will be imported daily.
Derby made the breakthrough when captain Keogh stooped at the far post to head home Craig Bryson's cross. Shaun Pearson saw his header saved for Grimsby and Kayden Jackson's shot was cleared off the line in injury time. Former England striker Darren Bent twice went close
Debra Milke was freed in September 2013 after a record of misconduct by a detective in the case emerged. The case against Ms Milke rested largely on a purported confession to that detective. An appeals court ruled last year that prosecutors had known about the misconduct but failed to disclose the information.
EMAS has been struggling financially and has some of the worst response times in England. Care Quality Commission said staff were committed to providing high quality care despite low morale. Trust was told it must ensure there are sufficient emergency vehicles to safely meet demand and response times must also meet the needs of patients
Leeds slip to third from bottom with just one win from their first six league fixtures. Town held on to go four points clear thanks to a fifth win from six. Leeds head coach Gary Monk: "I'm disappointed with the result, of course"
Sally Chidzoy was investigating East of England Ambulance Service boss Anthony Marsh. She said the story was dropped after assistant editor Steve Silk received an email from Norman Lamb. It said he was concerned about the potential damage the story could have on the service. Ms Chid
Scottish Fire and Rescue Service was alerted to reports of a fire in Froghall Gardens. Homes were evacuated, roads were closed and a rest centre was set up for residents. Scottish and Southern Electricity Networks were asked to cut power supplies to 81 properties.
The group, from Seattle's Alpine Ascents International, was last heard from on Wednesday. There were two guides and four clients in the party, which began a five-day expedition last Monday. Camping gear was found more than 3,000ft (900m) below the group's
Weatherson opened the scoring with a 15th-minute free-kick. Matt Flynn made it 3-0 six minutes later with a fine finish. Queen's pulled a consolation goal back in stoppage time.
Leigh Halfpenny kicked five penalties and Christian Leali'ifano three. Lions led 15-9 until five minutes from time but Adam Ashley-Cooper scored only try. Halfpenny's 48-metre kick missed by the narrowest of margins, coming back off
Cyrus Mistry says he had become a "lame duck" chairman. He alleges constant interference, including being asked to sign off on deals he knew little about. Tata said it currently had no response to the allegations. Analysts say there was a clash over strategy, with
Jamie Murray opens play at the O2 Arena alongside doubles partner John Peers on Sunday. At least 128 people were killed in attacks carried out by eight gunmen and suicide bombers in the French capital. The ATP confirmed "enhanced security" is in place and bag searches will be in place.
Warriors called off the game without consulting Widnes as the pitch had deteriorated. The match then went ahead on the scheduled date at the Vikings' ground. Wigan won the game 28-26 but must pay £2,000 in costs for the RFL.
Anthony Martial was Manchester United's top scorer last season with 17 goals. The 21-year-old has scored just five goals so far this season. Mourinho says he must follow the example of Henrikh Mkhitaryan.
Mike Huckabee announces he will run for the White House in 2016. Former Arkansas governor won the Iowa and New Hampshire primaries in 2008. He finished second to John McCain in the 2008 Republican presidential race. Huckabee will face a much more crowded Republican field this time around.
John Terry and Daniel Sturridge put Chelsea 2-0 up in the first half. Ji Dong-Won scored in injury time to give the Black Cats a glimmer of hope. Mata was the creative hub of everything the Blues did, demanding the ball at every opportunity.
North Korea carried out two tests of the Hwasong-10 missile, known internationally as the Musudan. US and South Korea say the first test failed, but the second travelled about 400km. The UN Security Council expressed its opposition after an emergency meeting. Four tests in recent months
Standard Chartered announces pre-tax loss of $139m for the three months to September. The bank said it aimed to raise $5.1bn through the rights issue and would cut 15,000 jobs by 2018. After falling for much of the day, the FTSE 100 index
Brendon Constant, 87, was accused of smothering his 86-year-old wife Jean with a plastic bag. He died in hospital after suffering 'catastrophic' head injuries in a fall at home. Mr Constant did not enter a plea to the murder charge before his death.
106 tigers in the wild on the Bangladeshi side of the world's largest mangrove swamp, and about 74 on the Indian side. Figures mark a sharp decline from the 440 animals recorded 10 years ago. Experts say the decline is mainly down to rampant poaching.
The 19-year-old was taken off in the 15th minute at Vitality Stadium. He will undergo further examinations in the coming days to establish the extent of his layoff. The Brazil international completed a £27m move from Palmeiras in January.
Sports Minister Carál Nί Chuilίn said they stood down just before she was due to meet board representatives. They were there to discuss a report by the Head of Internal Audit at the Department of Culture, Arts and Leisure and Department of Education. Minister said she
Symantec says the Wifatch program is closing loopholes and fixing bugs on routers it infects. Routers are being increasingly targeted by criminals keen to steal data or to help with large-scale web attacks. Wifatch was first discovered in late 2014 and since then has been steadily sc
RB Leipzig is challenging for Champions League football in its first season in Bundesliga. The club is owned by energy drinks company Red Bull. Hate banners and stones were hurled at the club by Borussia Dortmund supporters on Saturday. Six fans and four police were hurt in the violence.
Two-vehicle crash on A470 between Builth Wells and Llanidloes at 11:45 GMT on Friday. The A483, north of Welshpool, was later shut after a crash involving five vehicles.
Videgaray was seen as the main organiser of the meeting between Mr Trump and President Enrique Pena Nieto. He will be replaced by the current Minister of Social Development, Jose Antonio Meade. Mr Meade previously held the finance portfolio in 2011 and 2012.
Iraqi military is now moving westwards towards the Syrian border. Tal Afar has been a so-called Islamic State (IS) stronghold since 2014. The battle for Tal Afar could also escalate tensions between Iraq, its ethnic Kurdish minority, Turkey and Syria.
Fleetwood's on-loan Burnley striker Chris Long scored his third goal in as many league games in the fourth minute. David Ball restored Fleetwood's lead, picking up a loose ball on the edge of the box and sublimely curled the ball into the top corner in the 44th
Michael Eisner will address Portsmouth fans on Thursday with details of his £5.67m offer. Former Walt Disney chief executive wants to buy 100% of the League Two club. Eisner has presented the terms of his offer before a town hall-style meeting at Portsmouth's Guildhall.
WWF says the turtle was followed during the filming and the camera collected at the end. Hundreds of turtles have been found dead near the reef over the last four years. WWF hopes the project may help find out why.
Scunthorpe held to a 1-1 draw at home by League One side Vale. Richard Duffy fired Vale in front before Kyle Wootton equalised late on. Scunthyorpe remain in 17th, a point above 18th-placed Vale who are three points above
David McGoldrick scored his first goal since August to put Ipswich ahead. MK Dons equalised through Josh Murphy's free-kick. Brett Pitman's glancing header restored Ipswich's lead. Revell saved a penalty as an emergency goalkeeper against Preston.
Mr Weah got 78% of the vote for the Montserrado county seat. He beat Robert Sirleaf, the son of President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf. Low turnout was blamed on concerns about Ebola.
Austrian Wiesberger holed out from five feet for the win. Fleetwood won at January's Abu Dhabi Championship. England's Ross Fisher finished joint third after a bogey on the 18th.
Van den Berg has 75 caps for the Netherlands. She played 13 times for Liverpool this season. They finished fifth in Women's Super League 1.
Myles Anderson, 27, has cancelled his Barrow contract by mutual consent. Striker Ruairi Keating, 21, was recommended to Gulls boss Kevin Nicholson by ex-Port Vale manager Micky Adams. Gulls are currently four points above the relegation zone.
Thousands of wooden pallets are now piled up where previously there were parked cars. The public car park is just off the Upper Newtownards Road, one of the main routes into the city. Belfast City Council is not commenting in detail on the issue, as an investigation has been called
Oxford Roald Dahl Dictionary compiled by lexicographer Dr Susan Rennie. Almost 8,000 real words - and invented ones - are included in the dictionary. Dahl invented words to stop his readers getting so bored they closed their books and watched TV. Gumplew
Plant will create 150 jobs on the Ebbw Vale enterprise zone. New owners bought the British brand three years ago. Company has a 10-year plan, including four new models.
Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel won the race ahead of Red Bull's Daniil Kvyat and Daniel Ricciardo. Mercedes' Lewis Hamilton finished sixth after a bad start and collision with Ricciardo. Hamilton extended his championship lead over Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg
Shortly after midday, the FTSE 100 was 37.55 points higher at 6,256.81. M&S shares sank 8% after the retailer warned of a hit to short-term profits. But bank shares helped to bolster the wider market, with RBS up 3.6
Midfielder Garrett scored in 3-1 win for Ards but should not have been on the pitch. Ards have now been handed the win on a 3-0 scoreline and move up to seventh in the league. Portadown are now eight points adrift at the foot
Aircraft came down in a field off Burrows Lane, in the Middle Stoke area. A witness described seeing a "flash right across the sky" as the aircraft came down. The condition of the pilot is not known.
Margaret Stewart admitted stealing from her employer Ivanhoe Cambridge. She used her position as treasurer at the boys club to pay cheques into its account. Stewart, 48, from Hamilton, South Lanarkshire, was also told to repay £27,000.
New survey of Large Magellanic Cloud finds two dozen super-stars. All have masses in excess of a hundred times that of the Sun. Four were known previously, including R136a1, which is 250 times as massive as our home star. New survey finds many more of
Roma fined £42,400 after match against AC Milan was halted and restarted on 12 May. The south stand of Stadio Olimpico will be temporarily closed for one game at the start of next season. AC Milan and Roma drew 0-0 after play was halted
Plymouth Argyle move two points clear at the top of the Championship. Crawley Town drop to 15th after 2-0 defeat. Craig Tanner scores late consolation for the Pilgrims. Oscar Threlkeld had given the visitors the lead.
Discovery and Scripps have 20% of ad-supported TV viewership in the US. The two said the deal would enable them to compete better with online options. Firms such as Amazon and Netflix are increasing competition in the sector.
Rangers say Steven Caulker slipped over during a squad get-together. Caulker was injured after a fight broke out at a pub that Crystal Palace players were also at. QPR owner Tony Fernandes took to Twitter to comment on the claims.
Singer complained Siri was pronouncing her surname wrong. Streisand said the second syllable of her name should be pronounced with "a soft S" Singer is currently on tour for her new album, Encore: Movie Partners Sing Broadway.
Egypt has seen a series of allegations of police brutality in recent months. Interior ministry says incident began with argument over price of a cup of tea. Policeman has been arrested and the case referred to prosecutors.
Drug company Turing Pharmaceuticals increased the price of Daraprim from $13.50 to $750. Martin Shkreli's company has promised to cut the price by 50% for hospitals and offer financial assistance to individuals. The original increase sparked outrage on social media and among politicians.
Derby came from behind to beat Brentford 3-1 on Saturday. Martin came off the bench to score his second goal in 19 games. The 27-year-old's strike was his 10th league goal in 31 appearances.
The 777-200 was carrying 294 passengers from Paris to Vancouver. It was diverted to Glasgow Prestwick after taking off at 10:57 on Saturday. Air France said the plane landed "normally" at 13:20 local time.
A third of children in Wales have good oral health compared to 39% in England. Severe dental problems were worse among children from poorer backgrounds. Welsh government has invested Â£12m in dental health scheme since 2009.
A weaker pound makes UK-produced goods cheaper in overseas markets. The bank's chief economist, Richard Ramsey, said cross-border shopping has also benefited. Manufacturers increased the price of their goods at the fastest rate on record. Retailers are also experiencing the highest rate of cost
The former Manchester United stars put the project on hold following criticism from conservationists. Public consultation has opened on the new proposals for Jackson's Row area of the city. Historic England said the plan was "getting there" and had the potential to "enhance" the area's character.
Incident happened on the A630 Sheffield Road near Conisborough, near Doncaster. South Yorkshire Police said officers were called to the scene at 17:00 BST on Saturday. The force is appealing for any witnesses to contact them.
Dublin-born Callaghan replaces Kieran Harding as Carrick manager. Harding quit last month after Carrick lost seven of their opening nine games. Callaghan won two league titles with the Crues in 1995 and 1997. The defender played for Shelbourne, St Patrick's Athletic and
Jay Bell caused the infant to suffer brain bleeding, retinal haemorrhages and a broken rib and ankle. The 23-year-old last month admitted to two charges of wilfully neglecting the baby and failing to seek medical attention for him. As a result of the brain
Edmund backed up two wins in qualifying with a 6-3 6-2 victory over world number 73 Garcia-Lopez. The 21-year-old from Yorkshire, ranked 54th, goes on to face another Spaniard, Roberto Bautista Agut, who beat John Millman
15-year-old has not been seen since Friday evening. Two men, aged 27 and 28, arrested on suspicion of kidnap have been re-arrested. Det Ch Supt David Sandall said it was proving an "extremely traumatic time for her parents"
Elliott Durrell opened the scoring for Chester FC with a stunning volley after 12 minutes. Tom Shaw doubled the Blues' lead with a superb finish after a brilliant ball from Theo Vassell. Johnny Hunt whipped in a cross for James Alabi to make it 3-0 after the break
Ryan Bird has joined from Newport on a one-year deal. The 29-year-old scored six goals in 19 appearances for the League Two side last season.
Electoral Reform Society said it was vital people turned out to vote. 41 wards saw fewer than 20% of the electorate vote in 2012. Old Laund Booth in Pendle, Lancashire, had the highest turnout.
The 23-year-old back will leave Bristol at the end of the season in May. Newport Gwent Dragons were also keen to sign Morgan, who can play at full-back or fly-half. He is in his second season at Bristol and has scored 167 points in 28
The 23-year-old midfielder was released by Hull City last season. Henderson played only 13 league games for the Tigers due to an ankle injury. He was loaned out to Stevenage and Crawley in the Championship.
Crouch's deal at the Britannia Stadium expires at the end of the season. The 33-year-old has scored 29 goals in 117 Premier League games for the Potters. Stoke could be stretched by Mame Biram Diouf's departure and Bojan's injury.
Warhol began his series of silk-screen portraits of Mao in 1972 when ties between then cold-war foes China and US began to thaw. The portraits immortalised the founder of China's Communist Party as a pop art commodity. This particular Mao portrait was sold in 2014 in London for
Former Manchester United captain wants to build four-bedroom property on greenbelt moorland between Bolton and Bury. The partially-underground house was labelled a "Teletubbies" home because of its petal-shaped design. Planning committee approved the development by 12 votes to
Original film was nominated for an Oscar for best original screenplay. Tatum will co-star with Jillian Bell, according to Hollywood Reporter. They starred in 2014's undercover cop comedy 22 Jump Street, which topped box office.
Ms Johnson flew a De Havilland Gipsy Moth airplane from the UK to Australia in 1930. She became the first woman to do so and landed in front of a huge crowd in Darwin. The 37-year-old died in mysterious circumstances during World War Two.
Philip Hammond said he would review economic data over the coming months. He added that the Treasury will act "if we deem it necessary to do so" Labour's shadow chancellor, John McDonnell, dismissed Mr Hammond's plan as "just warm words from another Tory chancellor"
London's first Lumiere festival will feature illuminations and animations projected at 20 locations in the West End and Kings Cross over four nights. The Durham version has been running since 2009 and attracted 175,000 people in 2013. Mayor Boris Johnson said it would be "a dazzling new festival for
Shane O'Donoghue, Alan Southern and Sean Murray score for Ireland. Eugene Magee scores superb goal to make it 3-2. Tom Grambusch and Marco Miltkau score for the hosts.
Isle of Wight Council tried to fine Jon Platt Â£120 for taking his daughter to Florida during the school term. But magistrates backed the father, so the council appealed to the High Court. The Department for Education is meeting the council's legal costs.
Jessica Chisnall, 15, was hit by a bike on Ashton's Green Drive in St Helens. She suffered a severe head injury which resulted in bleeding on the brain. Her parents said their "smiling, laughing" daughter had a long road to recovery. Two males were
Former Staff Sgt Clinton Romesha, 31, led a battle against hundreds of Taliban fighters. About 50 US soldiers were at Combat Outpost Keating near Pakistan when it was almost overrun by insurgents.
Leave Means Leave wants to combine points-based system with plans for work permits. Report authored by MEP Steven Woolfe, who quit UKIP after altercation left him in hospital. Woolfe: "We need an immigration system that is fair, flexible and forward-thinking"
Charing Cross underground station "filled with smoke" at about 15:20 BST. One person has been arrested in relation to the incident, British Transport Police say. The station was closed for more than half an hour until the smoke cleared.
Seonaid McIntosh, 21, won the 50m rifle three positions event with an accumulated score of 458.5. Elder sister Jennifer, 26, won gold in the 50 metre rifle prone event on Monday. Jennifer finished fifth in the event as the McIntosh sisters, alongside shooter
Mr Carney was being questioned by MPs on the Treasury Select Committee. He said the Bank took 'timely, comprehensive and concrete' action to support the economy. Mr Carney said he was 'absolutely comfortable' with the Bank's decision to cut interest rates to 0.25%.
British sliders have won medals at all six Olympics in which the sport has featured. Skeleton evolved in the Swiss resort of St Moritz in the late 19th century. It was reinstated for Salt Lake City in 2002, when a 29-year-old female Air Force officer named Alex Co
The flyweight voiced her frustration with two-minute rounds after beating Virginia Carcamo last month. Adams, 34, says the extra minute in each round will give her a chance to try out things she has learnt in the gym. WBC international featherweight champion Josh Warrington defends his
Heath recorded a time of 34.259 seconds to win gold in Szeged in Hungary. Frenchman Maxime Beaumont was second, pipped on the line by Heath with 0.05 seconds between them. The K2 200m has been dropped from the Olympic programme for
Isle of Man beat Felvidek 3-1 in the final of the ConIFA European Football Cup. Goals from Ciaran McNulty, Sam Caine and Conor Doyle helped Isle of Man side to victory. Last year, Ellan Vannin finished second at inaugural
Bristol City Council said it will continue to partly lease the site as a repair facility. The final boat 'Forth Hope', set sail on Wednesday afternoon for Edinburgh. Owner David Abels, 66, hopes it is not redeveloped because it is "the last one left"
Review of care homes in Wales said they were seen as places of 'irreversible decline' Report was published by the Older People's Commissioner for Wales. Welsh government said it was already taking action on issues raised in the report. Care Forum Wales, which represents 500 care providers,
Ministers to increase maximum discount from £16,000 to £50,000. They hope it will persuade more tenants and mortgage lenders to get involved. But housing charity Shelter says the plans risk diminishing the stock of "genuinely affordable" social housing.
Public Health England said people were 'putting themselves at risk through unsafe sex' Syphilis cases among Londoners has risen by 163% since 2010. 90% of cases reported in 2015 were among men who have sex with men. There are about 54.7m people living in England
Victim suffered serious injuries - believed to be stab wounds - at a house in Bonnyrigg. He was taken to the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh, where he later died. Arrested man is due to appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court on Thursday.
Ian Foster has left Portsmouth by mutual consent to take up a post with the FA. The 29-year-old was a free agent after leaving Notts County in January. Foster joined Portsmouth in May 2015 alongside manager Paul Cook and assistant Leam Richardson having previously held a similar role at
Brazil succeeded Philippe Montanier following the Frenchman's sacking on 14 January. The 54-year-old's only game in charge saw him oversee the 1-0 victory over Bristol City on Saturday. Forest are 19th in Championship table and just five points above the relegation zone.
Injured possums, koalas, kangaroos and wallabies have been arriving at animal rescue centres almost every day. Charity called IFAW appealed for the public to sew tiny mittens, to help protect injured paws. So many people sent in mittens they received
Cleft palate is a gap in the roof of the mouth leading to difficulties sucking. It can also lead to hearing and speech difficulties, and may indicate other problems with the heart or nervous system. National guidelines say the problem should be diagnosed within 24 hours of birth.
Lesley Leake, Karen McGee and Marice Hall went on strike in September. They claimed their pay had been cut after contract switched from Wakefield Council to C&D Cleaning. 100 people joined them on a protest march through Barnsley in October. C&D have
Parkin will sign a permanent deal until the end of the season in January. The 34-year-old previously spent two years at Bootham Crescent. Parkin is likely to go straight into the team for Saturday's trip to Tranmere.
Labour leader says he will'rebuild and transform Britain's transport system' Pledges to offer councils new franchising powers and allow them to set up local bus companies. Also wants to bring railways back into public ownership to fix 'transport nightmare' Opponent Owen Smith says all
Study looked at data from 7,286 overweight dieters across 48 trials. Atkins, South Beach, Zone, Biggest Loser, Nutrisystem, Volumetrics, Weight Watchers, Ornish and Rosemary Conley. Experts said all diets cut calories to a similar
Amanda Telfer, 43, died when three frames fell on her as she walked past a building site. The frames had been left unprotected and unrestrained against a wall, in Mayfair. Kelvin Adsett, 64, from Slough, was found guilty of manslaughter by gross negligence.
Nobbs has won two league titles, three FA Cups and four Continental Cups. The 23-year-old midfielder has scored 21 goals in 53 league appearances since joining the Gunners from Sunderland Ladies in 2010.
Wigan beat Cronulla to win the World Club Series for the first time in their history. Warrington beat Brisbane Broncos to follow up their win over St George Illawarra. Joe Burgess scored a hat-trick of tries as Wigan became first English champions since Leeds in 2012.
UN conference decides to dedicate part of radio spectrum to satellite tracking of planes. The decision was taken at the World Radiocommunication Conference in Geneva on Wednesday. Malaysia Airlines flight MH370 disappeared in March 2014 with 239 people on board. Current tracking system relies on ground
China reportedly says it still bans trade in tiger bones, despite ban on tiger skins. Between 5,000 and 6,000 tigers are believed to be in captivity in China. Wildlife experts believe "tiger farming" in China has fuelled demand for the poaching and trafficking of the endangered species.
EY Item Club think tank predicts the economy will grow 1.9% this year. It expects inflation to jump to 2.6% next year before easing back to 1.8% in 2018. The economy's stability since June's vote was "deceptive", EY said.
Craig Hughes, 33, of Flint, was arrested by North Wales Police in August. Fears were raised over a planned murder bid involving police being ambushed. Hughes admitted two charges at Mold Crown Court on Friday.
KLM has added a 06:00 weekday flight from the Highlands airport and an evening flight from Schiphol. The flights will allow people to spend a full day in the Netherlands before returning home.
Rob Kearney, Josh van der Flier and Zane Kirchner crossed for Leinster. Scotland winger Seymour scored three tries for Glasgow. The bonus-point win sees Warriors level on points with Ospreys.
Gwynedd Council says it would support the development of the Llanbedr airfield. But the Snowdonia Society is opposed to the impact it could have on the national park. Six of the locations under consideration are in Scotland and one in England.
Arcade Fire, Chvrches and Blondie all performed on Friday night. Lily Allen dedicated an expletive-laden song to FIFA president Sepp Blatter. Metallica's Lars Ulrich was flying into the site by helicopter as the storm descended. Rudimental
ECB's women's cricket tournament starts on 26 June next year. It will be the first time the tournament has been held in England since 1993. Lord's will host the final of the tournament on 23 July.
At least five members of an oil exploration team were killed, university says. Soldiers and members of a vigilante group also died in the ambush in Maiduguri. Initial reports suggested the geologists and surveyors had been rescued. But university spokesman said: "We were shocked when we were
Lally was a household name in Ireland for his role in the RTE soap opera Glenroe. He also appeared in the Hollywood movie Alexander and provided the voice for the animated Irish film, The Secret of Kells.
Middlesex move from 317-4 to 452 all out, backed by John Simpson's 52. Warwickshire captain Ian Bell was one of two early visiting wickets to fall. Jonathan Trott and Varun Chopra saw the Bears to 146-4 by the early close.
High water temperatures of 2015/16 were devastating for reef systems globally, including Dongsha. Coral bleaching was the worst on record for Australia's iconic Great Barrier Reef in 2016. Dongsha Atoll is rich in marine life and is one of the world's most important coral reefs
All major European markets fall into negative territory, joined by US stocks. President of Cyprus, Nicos Anastasiades, later addressed his country in a television broadcast. The deal was "painful" but the best that could have been struck under the circumstances, he said.
Ian Toothill, 47, has raised almost £31,500 ($40,600) for Macmillan. He was diagnosed with bowel cancer in June 2015 and told in early 2016 that he had beaten it. But he later found out it had returned and he has "several months
Rent at the hall in Llanwinio, Wales, is set to increase from £250 to £750 a year. The Diocese of St Davids said as a charity it was "obliged by law" to charge market-value rent. Groups who use the
Adrian Evans, 44, Patrick Evans, 78, and Joel Richards, 19, were all Walsall FC fans. Adrian worked for Sandwell Council as a manager in the gas services department. His nephew, Joel, was a football referee and student at the University of Worcester.
Inspectors said children were well-motivated but more able pupils were not challenged enough. Welsh government said it was working with local authorities and schools over the delivery of science. Estyn's chief inspector said science clubs and field trips offer interesting experiences.
Former Muslim marine, Tayyib Rashid, tweeted: "If your synagogue or Jewish cemetery needs someone to stand guard, count me in. Islam requires it." Emmy Award-winning TV Broadcaster Momin Bhatti also took to social media to pledge his support. Comes
James Clark, 36, was jailed for 22 years after being convicted of murder. His brother John, 38, was convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide. The victim, Jason Bryden, was repeatedly stabbed during the attack at his home in Kilmarnock. Judge Bill
Singer had to restart his first song three times and his second song once. He's already cancelled a series of shows this year due to 'production delays' But he returned to the stage at Northside in Denmark and then in Manchester.
Brentford manager Mark Warburton will leave the club at the end of the season. Assistant boss David Weir and sporting director Frank McParland will also depart. Bees are currently seventh in the Championship table.
Jerome Lavrilleux said the former president was not aware of the "slip" It comes after a lawyer for an event organiser accused the UMP of ordering fake invoices. Police searched the headquarters of the party in Paris on Monday afternoon.
Cuba is less than 100 miles from the US, but the two countries fell out in 1959. The fall out was because two brothers called Fidel and Raul Castro took power in a revolution. America did not agree with how they ran the country. Obama has tried to make America's
The fire started on the deck of the vessel St Faith during the 09:00 GMT sailing from Portsmouth to Fishbourne on the Isle of Wight. The firm said the fire, in a "non-passenger area", was extinguished by the crew within minutes and none of the 65 people onboard were
Craig Rodger, 25, was hit by a Porsche in Chorlton, Manchester, in March 2014. Mohammed Basit Chaudhry was accused of causing death by dangerous driving. He was dropped off at his home by Mohammed Omayr and Raheel Reh
Nivea apologizes for racist post on its Middle East Facebook page. Advert for Invisible range said "white is purity" across image of a woman. Many on social media complained the post was racist, but it was also widely-shared among alt-right users. Nive
Leon Legge headed the decisive goal after 29 minutes from Piero Mingoia's free-kick. Exeter spurned a glorious chance to go ahead when Joel Grant blazed over. Luke Berry almost made it 2-0 six minutes before half-time when a kick from goalkeeper Will
Phillips retired from international rugby in December. The 33-year-old is Wales' most-capped number nine, playing in 94 Tests. Phillips joined Racing in 2013 after spells with Bayonne, Ospreys, Cardiff Blues and Scarlets. Sale director of rugby
Team processing satellite images to show how rocks in belt that stretches from Europe's Alps to China are slowly accumulating strain. Movements on the scale of just millimetres per year are being sought. UK Centre for Observation and Modelling of Earthquakes, Volcanoes and Tectonics
"We can make Britain a place where a good life is in reach for everyone who is willing to work and do the right thing," he says. "The government I led did important work. It laid the foundations for a better future and now we must build on them" "Our manifesto
Sarah Taylor top-scored in England's 156-6 but Dane van Niekerk hit 63 as South Africa reached 145-3. England had never lost a T20 to South Africa before this match. Van Nierkerk's 63 came off 43 balls, hitting seven four
Nathan Gill attacked Neil Hamilton for offering support on the £1.1bn M4 relief road. Mr Gill denies it was the group's view, but Mr Hamilton said his colleague was late for the meeting where it was agreed. The MEP said he is fully involved in all of his
Flight EZY6238 was carrying 170 passengers from Berlin to Bristol on Sunday. It was diverted to Amsterdam's Schiphol airport as a 'precautionary measure' Passengers reported the smell of smoke in the cabin but were able to disembark normally.
Compared with other European countries, many apprenticeships are low quality. Fewer than 200,000 of the 520,000 apprenticeships starting in England every year are rated at level three - which is equivalent to A-level. Only 61,000 new apprenticeship starts were for young people in
Innogy Renewables UK Ltd had been proposing a hydroelectric scheme on the River Conwy. Plans had attracted opposition from environmentalists, anglers, canoeists and businesses. Firm said decision to withdraw application was made following a late request for additional information.
Gang were arrested as part of one of the largest undercover operations in Wales. Arrests made after police seized 40kg (88lbs) of the drug in 2014. Most was found inside a speaker and a suitcase in a car stopped on the M5. Officers said the seizure
Abdelhak Nouri suffered heart rhythm problems during game against Werder Bremen. Ajax say chances of recovery from the damage is nil. Dutch club say he will soon be transferred to a hospital in Amsterdam.
Sir William Reid laid the foundation for the welfare state 73 years ago. But 73 years on, many people in West Belfast are worried about their future. The Falls Women's Centre runs services aimed at breaking the cycle of poverty. Staff and users say recent cuts have hit the centre hard,
Juventus goalkeeper Buffon unhappy with use of VAR in Serie A matches. Both Juve and Genoa had penalties awarded following video consultation on Saturday. Italian top flight is one of the leagues trialling VAR this season. Coach Massimiliano Allegri also unimpressed with
About 200 staff will be recruited by the end of this year with a further 500 expected by 2017. Roles will be spread across middle and senior management, contact centre staff and specialist commercial and finance jobs.
Former PM was mooted as Nato secretary-general over Christmas period. But Defence Select Committee chairman said he had 'dangerously' delayed renewing Trident. Julian Lewis also questioned Cameron's roles in Libya, Syria and armed forces cuts. Mr Cameron resigned as prime minister last summer after
Girls Aloud singers Walsh and Boe will debut their version of the classic track on 11 May at London's Royal Albert Hall. Official Team GB and Paralympics GB single will go on sale the same day. The original track was a top 10 hit for Queen in 1985.
Top hashtags trending in Russia either directly referenced One Direction or promoted by the band's fans. There was only one day in November when the top hashtag had anything to do with the day's news in Russia. Despite political tensions, Western pop culture still casts a spell on many young and tech
Alan Stubbs left the club on an emotional high after delivering their first Scottish Cup in 114 years. Hibs are ready to be guided forward, not waiting to be rescued. John McGinn, one of the most reliably effective players in the Championship last season, has already insisted that he remains
Defender Chedjou has opted to join the 2016/17 Turkish top flight runners-up. The 31-year-old left Galatasaray at the end of his four-year contract. Istanbul Basaksehir shocked Turkish football by finishing second in the league
Livingston and its surrounding towns often acts as feeders for Edinburgh. For years this was a party heartland which was home to big beasts like Tam Dalyell and Robin Cook. But much has changed here - the mines are closed, the economy is now focussed on some remnants of small industry,
Draft Investigatory Powers Bill would place legal duty on internet providers to assist in hacking devices. TechUK's Antony Walker said anything that connected to the internet could "in theory" be hacked into. In the future, this could include driverless cars or household appliances, he said.
Myanmar has been engaged in armed conflict with various ethnic and other groups seeking greater autonomy since 1948. Violence has left tens of thousands dead over the years, displaced hundreds of thousands more. Resolving the conflicts is seen as central to Myanmar's attempts to reform after decades of military rule.
Venezuelan fighter jets have shot down two unauthorised planes in the country's airspace. The aircraft were allegedly smuggling drugs from Central America. Another plane allegedly tried to evade the authorities by trying to land on an illegal airstrip. President Nicolas Maduro has threatened "international narco-
Community-based teams will include doctors, nursing staff and other healthcare professionals. Around 30% of parents suffer anxiety or depression in the first year after birth. Announcement comes as conference on developing perinatal mental health services is held in Cardiff.
ZTE Corp obtained and illegally shipped US-made equipment to Iran. Also sent goods to North Korea without the correct export licences. US said ZTE lied to authorities and its own lawyer about the violations. Must now pay a $892m (Â£740m) penalty as well as
69 claims against peacekeepers in 2015, up from 52 in 2014 was 66 in 2013. Almost a third of the claims were made in the Central African Republic. 10 peacekeeping missions were subject to allegations in 2015. UN has been criticised for failing to act quickly on sexual abuse allegations made
Robert Kerr, 39, inflicted 76 wounds on Xin Xin Liu at their home in East Renfrewshire. The Crown accepted his plea to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility. It emerged he suffered "an abnormality of the mind" and will remain at the State Hospital.
France intervened militarily in January to oust Islamist militants who had taken over the north of the country. A UN force in Mali, Minusma, was due to number 12,000 by now - but is still less than half of that. At the height of the crisis, France had
President Obama and Chinese President Xi Jinping met at White House on Friday. They agreed that neither country would engage in cyber economic espionage. Deal covers theft of trade secrets but not national security information. Mr Obama said any escalation in China's alleged cybercrimes against the US would prompt sanctions.
Environment Agency issues five flood warnings across Warwickshire. Firefighters rescued drivers from stranded vehicles in Great Alne, Wolston, Baginton and Baginton. Flooding on train lines around Daventry, Rugby and Wolverton delayed services.
It could not fly off as it did not have space to take enough of a run up.
Former Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg called the prime minister's comments "utter cheek" "It is Theresa May's extreme version of. brexit which will cause real damage to the NHS," he added. The Conservatives have promised increases in NHS spending in real terms.
Celtic win 3-0 at home to Inverness in Scottish Championship. Scott Sinclair, Leigh Griffiths and Tom Rogic on target for reigning champions. Greg Tansey sent off for second yellow card for foul on Callum McGregor.
Executive producer Al Jean said Shearer turned down a new pay deal. Shearer took to Twitter to say the decision "wasn't about money" The 71-year-old provided the voice of Seymour Skinner, Montgomery Burns and Ned Flanders. Fox confirmed it had commissioned two more
Treasury says scrapping bursaries will allow many more nurses to be trained. Royal College of Nursing says two-thirds of nurses wouldn't have studied nursing without them. They say it would make an existing staff shortage even worse.
The Federal Court of Australia overturned approval of a mine project in Queensland. The mine, rail and port project was proposed for the Galilee Basin in the state's Galilee River. Environmentalists and scientists are worried about more than threats to reptiles. Adani described the court decision as a
American sprinter Richards-Ross won three Olympic golds in the 4x400m relay for the USA. She also claimed seven medals at the World Championships before retiring in 2016. The 32-year-old became well-known for her style on the track - which included wearing make-
Davis said it was "wholly illogical" to think border issues can be separated from a trade deal. He said the phasing of the negotiations would now be "the row of the summer" Sinn FÃ©in president Gerry Adams said Mr Davis's remarks were a challenge to Ireland
Stewart Hosie will take part in a half-hour webcast in which he answers your questions. If you have something to ask Mr Hosie, email newsonlinescotland@bbc.co.uk. You will be able to watch the one-to-one interview via
Jumbo was speaking to a Labour Party inquiry into access and diversity. She said she would love to find a job in Britain, but has had to take roles in the USA. The 31-year-old said Britain was "pulling the plug" on its talent.
New grammars likely to help "only a small proportion" of poorest pupils. Ministers maintain that their proposals will improve social mobility. Government consultation on plans for more selective education closed.
Anscombe has been out since December with a groin injury. The 25-year-old has also suffered hip and ankle injuries since arriving at Cardiff Blues. He has been limited to 33 appearances for the Blues since joining in the autumn of 2014.
The smartphone has been the key transformative technology of the last decade. The iPhone radically changed the way we thought about photography and other activities. Without an attractive user interface many people just couldn’t be bothered to do more with their phones than talk and text.
Up to 2,000 jobs are expected to be based at the 24-acre site by 2020. The complex will include a £58m "urban sciences" facility. It will house Newcastle University's School of Computing Science.
Yorkshire Diamonds will start their 2017 Super League campaign with a Roses game against Lancashire Thunder on 11 August. The two sides won only one game each in the round-robin group stage of the inaugural competition last summer. Grayson spent eight years as Essex coach before leaving at the end
Ryan Sweeney and Dominic Telford have signed for Bristol Rovers and Stoke respectively. Sweeney was named as Young Player of the Year at Rovers last season. Telford joined Stoke from Blackpool in July 2015. The Gas begin their season on Saturday with a trip to The Valley to
Consumer Prices Index (CPI) rises to 0.1% in May, up from -0.3% in April. Biggest contribution to the rise came from transport, notably air fares. In April, CPI inflation turned negative for the first time since 1960.
Leanne Wood said income tax powers for Wales are many years away. Former Plaid MP Adam Price suggested the idea as a way of creating jobs. Ms Wood said she doubted many Plaid Cymru delegates would agree with Mr Price. But she said it was an 'interesting debate
Graddon won a bronze medal at the 2009 European Diving Championship in Turin. The 25-year-old from Plymouth also dived at the 2006 Commonwealth Games and 2009 World Championship. Graddon cites 2008 as the best year of her career as a diver.
Train collided near Oakland Station at around 2200 local time on Wednesday. One train was stationary and the other was travelling at 15mph (24kph) Most of the injuries were minor, but several people had been taken to hospital. Both trains had come from Bakersfield and Los
The Pirate Bay is one of the internet's most-visited websites. It was taken offline following a raid in Sweden in December. Police seized servers in Stockholm after a complaint was filed by the Rights Alliance. The site was taken down in 2006 after another raid by police but reappeared
Everton host Bournemouth at Goodison Park. Newcastle host Crystal Palace at St James' Park.
Paris climate agreement set a target of limiting temperature rise to 1.5C. Study shows this limit will be breached over land, even if emissions of warming gases ceased immediately. Warming rates over land are far higher than those over the oceans. Other researchers agree that keeping temperatures at the
RSPCA Cymru's Steve Carter said workers faced 'immense demands' The charity said the economic downturn was probably still partly to blame. The 100% conviction rate was up from 97.8% to 297 last year in Wales.
Vicky Cherry, 44, had been missing for 15 months when police found her body in January. Andrew Reade, 43, admitted preventing the lawful burial of a body and perverting the course of justice. He was sentenced at Bolton Crown Court to four years and four months in jail.
Glenavon return to the top flight with a 3-2 win over Warrenpoint Town. Ballymena and Carrick will be eager to chalk up a first win of the campaign. Cliftronville will travel to face a Coleraine side missing the suspended Steven Douglas
Sir John Vickers said banks should have more money in reserve to survive any future financial crisis without a bailout from the taxpayer. Comments will add to what many will see as logical scepticism. Before the last financial crisis, we were told that the banking system was solid as a rock.
Glamorgan County Cricket Club's player of the year in one-day formats in 2016. South African international signed a two-year contract extension to play only limited-overs cricket for the county. The 31-year-old underwent knee surgery in August 2016 after injury prevented him from playing
Hamilton was 0.360 seconds quicker than Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg in qualifying. But the track was empty for the final five minutes and senior figures said the format should be rethought. Red Bull team boss Christian Horner said F1 should 'apologise to the fans'
Harold Mayne-Nicholls admitted speaking to officials from Qatar's bid about work placements for relatives at the Aspire youth academy. Fifa's ethics committee felt those conversations provided "cause enough to doubt the integrity of the inspection process" The Chilean's ban was initially reduced on appeal to
Elderly man was found dead in a house fire in Inchbroom Road, Glasgow. Police and firefighters were called to the scene at about 16:10 on Wednesday. No-one else was injured in the fire and police said there were no suspicious circumstances.
Syd Shelton, from Pontefract, took photos of The Clash, Misty in Roots and The Specials. Collection also features photos taken at the Rock Against Racism Carnival at Victoria Park, Hackney, which attracted a crowd of 100,000.
Striker made his debut in Saturday's 3-0 defeat by St Johnstone. Simon Grayson brought in Vaughan to replace Jermain Defoe and Fabio Borini. Vaughan says there is no pressure to be the main source of goals for the Black Cats.
Tillerson was a member of the "Remain Campaign" lobbying against a US withdrawal from the Paris Agreement. President's daughter, Ivanka, took the lead in fighting the corner for the Remainers, writes Barbara Barlett. Barlett: "We have now slapped every country in the
Barcelona manager Pep Segura says Philippe Coutinho and Ousmane Dembele are close to signing. Liverpool are adamant Coutinho will not be sold in this transfer window. Real Madrid beat Barcelona 2-0 to win the Champions League final 5-1 on aggregate.
Electoral Commission to decide on who will be official lead campaign for EU exit. Vote Leave backed by Boris Johnson and five Tory Cabinet ministers, Nigel Farage's UKIP. Grassroots Out backed by senior UKIP figures and Tory backbenchers. Winner will be able to spend up to £
The Forum of Imams and Ulemas says Mohamed Ould Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir, 29, should be executed. He was arrested in January 2014 for an article in which he lashed out at those who use religion as a means of discrimination against members of certain ethnic groups.
Steven Conway died while working at Diamond Wheels (Dundee) Ltd. The firm is owned and operated by former Dundee FC director of football Paul Marr. Mr Conway was sent in to remove debris from a chemical tank. He was wearing only trainers, tracksuit bottoms and a t
Artful will remain at the Barrow yard while commissioning activities are carried out. The ceremony was carried out by Amanda Lady Zambellas, wife of the Royal Navy's First Sea Lord. Artful is due to be launched early next year for further tests.
Coleman's current deal expires at the Euro 2016 finals in France in 2016. Wales midfielder Ledley hopes Coleman will stay in charge for 2018 World Cup qualifying campaign. Coleman says wives, girlfriends and family members will be banned from Wales' team hotel.
Security expert says Globalstar's satellite-based system is 'fundamentally broken' System does not encrypt the data passing between devices and satellites. Organised crime gangs, police and intelligence agencies might already be listening in, he said. Globalstar has not yet issued any comment on the
Joan Collins was arrested at a protest against new water meters in Dublin. United Left TD said she was taking part in a "peaceful protest" She later tweeted that she should not be confused with the British screen icon. Veteran actress Joan, 81, was made a dame
Ranger Tim Sexton said he was 'amazed' adult geese could fit through the entrance. The goslings have arrived three weeks earlier than usual. Egyptian geese are often seen on ornamental ponds as well as gravel pits.
Burnley's Sam Vokes has signed a new contract with the club until the end of the 2018-19 season. The 26-year-old has been with the Clarets since joining from Wolves in July 2012. He has netted five times in 27 games for Sean Dyche's side
Surrey captain Rory Burns scores 219 not out in Surrey's first-innings score of 483. The stand-in captain faced 535 balls across two innings, moving from 174 not out overnight. Burns' epic effort saw him stay in the field for all but 10 overs of
Southern Cross is holding a crisis meeting with landlords, lenders and government officials. Of central importance is how to ensure continuity of care for 31,000 people at the firm's 751 care homes. The biggest landlord, NHP, which owns 249 of the homes, is expected to stick with Southern Cross
NHS England guidelines say 85% of patients should wait 62 days for treatment. But this slipped to 84.4% from January to March this year. Charities Cancer Research UK and Macmillan Cancer Support both said it was a worrying sign.
Researchers looked at impacts of rising temperatures on 50,000 species of plants and animals. Projected that 2100 global temperatures would be 4C above pre-industrial levels. 34% of animal species and 57% of plants would lose more than half of their current habitat ranges. Impact will
Gatwick recorded 906 air traffic movements on one day in August, a world record. Airport boosted income from airport shopping by more than 10% to more than £149m. Chief executive Stewart Wingate said results proved Gatwick was the best site for UK's next runway.
Sandwell Councillor Mahboob Hussain is accused of six alleged council code of conduct breaches. Law firm Gowling WLG investigated alleged irregularities in sale of authority's former properties. Mr Hussain, now suspended by Labour, denies any wrongdoing.
Arsenal will play Chelsea in the Community Shield on 6 August at Wembley Stadium. £1.25m could be raised from the match. Premier League clubs have agreed to contribute a total of £250,000. The EFL said it would also be donating £175,000,
Aleppo hospital workers say supplies of medicine and blood are running low. Three-week siege by Syrian army has left many areas without water and medicine. Dozens of air strikes overnight killed 12 people, including three children, a monitoring group reported. Syrian Observatory for Human Rights documented 248 deaths
John Biggadike died when he fell while in the hoist at Boston Pilgrim Hospital. Prosecution alleged hospital staff were not adequately trained. United Lincolnshire Hospitals NHS Trust denies breaching health and safety regulations.
Archbishop says it is wrong time to downgrade religious education in schools. Comes amid growing debate about secularisation in British society. Younger people take religion seriously "when they have the chance to learn about it," he said. Cardinal Keith O'Brien, leader of the Roman
Blaze spread from one house to neighbouring properties in Ballyoran Park. No-one was injured, but two dogs died as the fire spread. Police are not treating the fire as suspicious at this stage.
Oxfordshire County Council wants to create one council to run all services. But district councils say the county needs an elected mayor to get more money from Whitehall. All the authorities have been criticised for engaging in a "turf war" over devolution plans.
MacDonald made 67 league appearances for Torquay after joining in 2014. The 23-year-old former England Under-19 international has also played for Reading and Wimbledon. Torquay manager Paul Heckingbottom says MacDonald "fits that mould perfectly"
Co-operative Group reported a pre-tax profit of Â£36m in the first half of 2015. This is despite the company reporting a loss of Â£9m a year earlier. The group said the turnaround was due to "robust trading" in its food
10 Nato warships hunt for U33 off the coast of the UK. The only visible sign of their presence will be the brief sight of a periscope. It is seen as a response to the growing threat from Russian submarines. Russia now has a fleet of around 60 submarines.
Orbital Sciences Corp's Antares cargo ship exploded seconds after leaving launch pad. Rocket was due to carry nearly 5,000lb (2,200kgs) of supplies to International Space Station. Cause of the malfunction has yet to be determined. Russia's space agency conducted its own
Shanique Pearson, 22, from Vauxhall, denies acting in a threatening manner. She denies using threatening, abusive or insulting words or behaviour. Ms Pearson has admitted driving an unlicensed vehicle on the day in question. The hearing has been adjourned until 26 January.
Team spent April to May drilling a core through the so-called Chicxulub Crater, now buried under ocean sediments off Mexico's Yucatan Peninsula. Rocks show how the space impactor made the hard surface of the planet slosh back and forth like a fluid.
Deputy Education Minister Mduduzi Manana appeared in court last week. He is accused of hitting a woman during an argument at the venue. Mr Manana has previously apologised for what he called a "shameful incident"
Ireland beat Poland 4-1 in World League 3 quarter-final in Belfast. Eugene Magee, Joe McKee, Sean O'Donoghue and Shane O'Donnell scored the goals. Wales face Wales in Saturday's semi-final with the winners guaranteed a final spot
In 2008, about 40 were recorded on the seahorse study site at South Beach. None have been spotted there since 2013.
He used rubble from city's construction to create sculptures at the 20-acre Chandigarh Rock Garden. Mr Chand had no formal education and worked as a road inspector in the city. The rock garden was opened in 1976 and it now attracts hundreds of visitors a day.
Shane Sutton resigned as British Cycling technical director on Wednesday. Australian denies claims of discrimination against elite cyclists. Shane Brailsford has promised to co-operate with an inquiry into bullying claims.
Draft guidelines are still being considered by ministers and will be consulted on for 16 weeks. Includes a recommendation that a psychiatrist should be involved where a mental health assessment is required. There is an allowance for conscientious objection and a new section dealing with accountability and collecting data on each abortion.
Exam timetabling is something of a long game, there can be no last-minute changes. Exam boards have to get GCSE papers marked in time for schools and colleges to decide places on sixth-form courses. A-level papers need to be graded so universities can confirm places to
Court suspends ban on Real Madrid Castilla coach Zinedine Zidane. Zidane and Santiago Sanchez were punished for not having the required qualifications. The 42-year-old won the World Cup with France in 1998 and was named World Footballer of the Year in 1998,
The mile-long Northern Inner Distributor Road now links the east of the town with the west. It was estimated in January that technical issues involving a bridge increased the cost of the project by a further £10m. Somerset County Council said the delays had been "enormously
Maddison has provided 15 assists for Peterborough this season. The 23-year-old scored in Saturday's 2-0 win over Charlton Athletic. Posh are 11th in the Championship, eight points off the play-offs.
HM Inspector of Constabulary for Scotland (HMICS) review due to report in October. It was ordered following the deaths of two people in a car crash on the M9 in Stirlingshire on July 6. Officers only attended the scene three days later after a second call from a
Cristiano Ronaldo scores hat-trick as Portugal beat Sweden 4-2 on aggregate. Zlatan Ibrahimovic scores twice but Sweden miss out on World Cup finals. Paris St-Germain striker has never scored at a finals.
Pierre Claver Mbonimpa was shot and wounded in an apparent reprisal attack. Heavy shooting was heard in the capital, Bujumbura, on Sunday night. Burundi has suffered serious unrest since President Pierre Nkurunziza's decision to seek a third term.
Modern Family star earned $43m (£32.6m) in the last 12 months. Big Bang Theory's Kaley Cuoco was the second-highest paid actress. Mindy Kaling is the biggest climber in this year's chart.
Teenage boy rescued alive after five days trapped under rubble in Kathmandu. UN appeals for $415m (Â£270m) to help provide emergency relief over the next three months. Officials say Saturday's quake killed more than 5,500 people, and injured at least 11,
President Raul Castro said 'attempts to destroy the revolution' would fail. Mr Trump has tightened restrictions on US travel to and business with Cuba. But the US embassy in Havana, re-opened by former President Barack Obama, is still operating.
Tennant plays debauched DJ in Patrick Marber's Don Juan in Soho. Play is a loose adaptation of Moliere's 17th Century tragi-comedy Don Juan. Tennant's character describes himself in the play as the "Dalai Lama of debauchery
Report said the Secret Service needed more plainclothes and uniformed staff. Also said the White House needed a new, taller fence to make it harder to scale. Comes after an intruder with a knife entered the building in September. Omar Gonzalez, a former US soldier, was
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon confirms talks are under way with Gibraltar. Gibraltar and Scotland both voted to remain in the EU in Thursday's referendum. Fabian Picardo, Gibraltar's chief minister, tells the BBC he is in talks with Ms Sturgeon. He says Gibraltar's status
RMT and Aslef unions walk out on 1 February over pay and conditions row. Aslef said Arriva was trying to "railroad through" changes to terms and conditions.
Paraguay suffered under decades of dictatorship until 1989 and many oppose presidential re-election. Senators say they will continue to campaign for a vote in the lower house. They argue Paraguay is the only country in Latin America that does not allow second terms.
Leaders to meet at Mr Putin's summer residence in Sochi to discuss G20 summit. It is the first time Mrs Merkel has been to Russia in two years. Ties have been strained since Russia's 2014 annexation of Crimea in Ukraine. Germany was a driving force behind EU sanctions imposed
Al-Rai's capture secures an important supply line from Turkey for the rebels. Separately, at least 200 people are missing after an IS attack on a factory near Damascus. Workers were reportedly taken from a dormitory where they were staying on the outskirts of Dumeir.
Ronnie O'Sullivan won 10-1 in his 10th match of the tournament. O'Sullivan's win was his fourth in a row in the process of winning his first World Series title. He has now won his last five matches in the tournament, winning three of them.
First minister says people accept Welsh ministers are not'miracle workers' on NHS. He said Labour had "kept our promises" on health and other issues. But a Tory spokesman said an Ed Miliband government was a 'greatest threat' to Wales.
Nearly 250 people in Wales reported suspected stalkers to police between 2012 and 2015. Network for Surviving Stalking said 76% of women murdered by ex-partners had been stalked. Charity is launching awareness campaign to help people identify stalking behaviour. Assia Newton, 45,
Projections from the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) show a far-reaching shift in the balance of graduate numbers. Rising Asian economies are ahead of the United States and western Europe. OECD concludes that there are substantial economic benefits from investing in higher education.
Banking Protocol aims to ensure banks and police are more active in protecting customers. Cash payments to fraudsters are typically much harder to trace than online payments. Police hope the scheme will help reduce financial crime by spotting scams before money is handed over. Plan is to train every front-facing
Labour needs a swing of 3.9% to oust Conservative candidate Angie Bray. Angie Bray is the Conservative candidate for Ealing Central and Acton.
Ospreys players Olly Cracknell, De Kock Steenkamp, Dan Baker, Dafydd Howells and Sam Parry joined collectors in Baglan Moors on Tuesday. The players said it was to show their commitment to the "Ospreylian community"
At one stage, winds were gusting at 55 knots and winds over 48 knots not safe for staff. Passengers on nine planes were unable to leave as it was too windy to put access steps in place. Some passengers were kept on planes for two hours, but wind speeds eventually dropped
West Ham have agreed a fee with Stoke City in the region of £24million. Marko Arnautovic is due to have a medical with the Hammers in the next 48 hours. Hammers signed Joe Hart on a season-long loan deal from Manchester City on Tuesday.
Shakespeare's Globe on London's Bankside is a kind of living laboratory. The physical design of the theatre through to the individual performances is informed by the insights and research work of academics. Building this much smaller, enclosed theatre, called the Sam Wanamaker Playhouse, was an academic challenge
Swansea City FC's American owners are in talks with the council over increasing capacity at the ground. The 21,000-capacity ground is the second smallest in the Premier League behind Bournemouth's Vitality Stadium. Swans want to add 12,000 seats but shelved expansion plans in
QPR lost 1-0 at home to Tottenham in the Premier League on Saturday. Chris Ramsey's side remain without a win at Loftus Road this season. The former QPR striker has until 18:00 GMT on 13 March to respond to FA charge.
Scarlets face Munster in Saturday's Six Nations final at the AJ Bell Stadium. Back row skippered his side to a stunning semi-final win over Leinster in Dublin on Friday. Barclay left Glasgow Warriors for Wales two seasons before they clinched their maiden title.
The 66-year-old former paratrooper was arrested in County Antrim on Tuesday. It is understood he is being questioned over the deaths of William Nash, Michael McDaid and John Young. Leo Young, whose brother John was killed aged 17 on Bloody Sunday, welcomed the news
Chinese media identified stowaway as a 16-year-old boy from Sichuan named Xu. Xu was found on 27 May, hiding in the cargo hold of flight EK303 from Shanghai. He reportedly said he did it because he heard beggars in Dubai could make $71
James Purnell said it would increase non-payment and cost the BBC £200m. Culture Secretary Maria Miller said the move should be discussed during talks to renew the BBC's charter before 2017. The BBC has previously said "legislation is a matter for the government"
The Â£300m plant is to create hundreds of jobs over a three-year build. The adjoining coal-fired Ferrybridge 'C' plant will close in March 2016. Construction is expected to begin in 2016 with about 35 permanent jobs once it is operational.
Thousands of black men from the Caribbean joined the British armed forces during World War Two. Victor Brown, a Jamaican who fought with the Merchant Navy was one of only two black men to survive a Nazi torpedo attack. Allan Wilmot, from Jamaica, volunteered to join the Royal Navy
Four national associations could not agree on sending a British women's team to Rio. Fifa said it would need the agreement of Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Team GB entered men's and women's sides at London 2012, with Stuart Pearce coaching the former and Hope Powell coaching the latter.
RSPB and farmers have worked together to preserve the stone curlew's habitat. Fields have been ploughed for birds to get at worms and insects while plants line edges. Birds return to Breckland farms in April after wintering in Africa.
Former Scottish Labour leader Jack McConnell said he was'very, very angry' Henry McLeish said Labour faced a problem of 'historic, epic proportions' Ms Lamont attacked those who had attempted to undermine her position.
Cambridge-based firm designs microchips used in most smartphones. Shares in the UK technology firm surged by 45% at the open of the London Stock Exchange to 1,742.85p per share. Softbank is one of the world's biggest technology companies.
Edinburgh will play Shire over two legs for a place in the Scottish League Two. The Lowland League champions were 3-0 up after the first leg. Shire are currently bottom of the League Two table.
Research by the TUC research points to a significant north/south divide. In the south west of England, just one in 13 people blamed sickness or disability for leaving work. However, that figure rises to one in seven in the north of England and one in four in Northern Ireland.
University Hospital Coventry is undergoing remedial work. Hospital trust says interim safety measures are in place during the work.
A bomb exploded after being thrown at Coalisland police station in 1997. A 37-year-old man has been charged with causing an explosion. He is due to appear at Dungannon Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Stamps feature scenes from the start, spread and aftermath of the Great Fire. The fire raged across the city from 2 to 5 September 1666. More than 13,000 houses and 87 churches were destroyed.
Carphone Warehouse says data could include names, addresses, dates of birth and bank details. The retailer's owner, Dixons Carphone, has apologised for the attack and said additional security measures have been brought in. Customers complained they should have been made aware when the breach was first
Joseph Pilates spent three and a half years at the Knockaloe camp near Peel. He spent his time developing a comprehensive system of physical exercise. After the war he dedicated his life to refining his methods which are still used widely across the world.
Rachel Fee, 31, and her partner Nyomi Fee, 28, are accused of murdering two-year-old Liam. They are also accused of ill-treating two other boys and neglecting the child. Jurors at the High Court in Livingston were shown a 12-minute
By December hospital, ambulance and mental health trusts were £2.2bn in the red. Overspending on agency staff highlighted as a major problem, as well as rising demand for services. Department of Health could still balance the books when the overall accounts are released later in the summer
David Davis says in-work benefits ban could encourage more migrants to UK. Eurosceptic Sir Eric Pickles says action is needed to prevent a "new influx" of migrants. Ban has to be agreed by all EU nations at a summit on 18 February. Speculation continues about
LeMond is the only American winner of the Tour after Armstrong was stripped of his titles in 2012. Armstrong was also banned for life following a United States Anti-Doping Agency investigation into the United States Postal Service team. "He's not capable of winning the Tour, he's
Switzerland has been investigating Malaysia's scandal-hit 1MDB fund since last year. Last week, its Attorney-General said $4bn may be missing from Malaysian state firms. A Malaysian minister said this was not possible due to extensive audits, and called the statements "premature"
Derry City Council changed name to Derry Council in 1985. Londonderry Unionist Association said it reinforced claim for separate district council for East Bank of Foyle. The controversy over the city's name re-surfaced the following year.
Valentine played Luftwaffe officer Major Mohn in the BBC's Colditz drama series. He also played title role of jewel thief AJ Raffles in the World War Two drama. His wife Susan Skipper said: "Tony was my best friend and it was a privilege to
Pitch Perfect 2 earned more in its first weekend than the first film did over the course of its entire US run. Universal's Nick Carpou described the musical sequel's success as "amazing" Directed by Elizabeth Banks, it marks the highest ever opening for a first-time feature
Microsoft shared details of Project Scorpio with tech news sites Digital Foundry and Eurogamer. Xbox One rival claims to have hit target of handling six teraflops per second. Scorpio's graphics chip uses 40 high-speed processing cores to produce high-definition images.
UKIP said Mr Zeid resigned last week due to health issues. It is not clear exactly when he resigned, but he made the posts last week. Raymond Shamash, a surgeon originally from north-west London, replaced him.
Roald Dahl was born 100 years ago today. He is the author of The Little Dorpians and The BFG. Here is a look at his life.
Pret launched scheme for 500 teenagers amid looming staff shortages. Firm said it would pay participants and give them free food. One in 50 Pret applicants is British.
Torquay Gulls have been taken over by Swindon-based Gaming International. The deal was confirmed on Tuesday. Gulls boss Jack Nicholson said he was unsure what the deal meant for his own future. Nicholson has been in charge since September 2015.
KJ Orr wins the £15,000 prize for her debut short story, Disappearances. The story was inspired by Orr watching a solitary man in a cafe while in Argentina. It tells the tale of a retired plastic surgeon who develops a relationship with a waitress. Orr
Shark attacks in Sharm el-Sheikh left one person dead and several more injured. Two sharks - an oceanic white tip and a mako shark - have been caught by local fishermen. Experts say there is no evidence so far that either of them are responsible for the attacks.
Incident happened on St Fillans Road at about 21:00 on Saturday. Girl is being treated at Ninewells Hospital in Dundee. Police have asked for anyone who may have witnessed the collision to come forward.
Nepal Scotland Association said many of its members lost friends and loved ones. The event was held outside the City Chambers on the Royal Mile. A charity concert to raise money for the relief effort was also held in the city.
Scottish government pledged Â£200m to support farmers in the interim. Rural Affairs Secretary Richard Lochhead told protestors: "We'll get the payments out, we'll fix the problems" Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson urged the protestors to keep up the pressure.
England captain Alastair Cook scored 95 on the first day of the third Test against India. Cook has been criticised for his personal trough of only 638 runs in 27 innings since he made a century against New Zealand at Headingley in May 2013. The 29-year-old has
General Lord Dannatt said it was wrong to "talk up" the attacks. He said the Afghan government must retain the support of the West. There has been a surge in insurgent attacks over the past month.
Count the seconds between seeing lightning and hearing thunder - if it is less than 30 seconds, there is a threat. If thunderstorms are forecast, postpone or cancel outdoor activities. Take cover inside or in a car with the windows wound up. Boaters and swimmers should get to shore as quickly
HMRC had applied to put Lotus in administration over unpaid tax. The High Court granted the adjournment after hearing a share purchase agreement was due to be completed, which meant HMRC would receive £1.4m. On Thursday, Renault confirmed it would take over Lotus.
Ed Joyce and Chris Nash both hit half-centuries between interruptions in play. Bad light stopped play with the hosts 145-2 as they held on to share the points. Northants' seventh draw from their eight Division Two matches leaves them seventh.
England face Australia, New Zealand and Scotland in this year's Four Nations. Wayne Bennett has been given a two-year contract with England until the 2017 World Cup. Bennett is the most successful coach in Australian rugby league history, with seven Grand Final wins. Wigan Warriors forward
Yeovil held out until half-time but Chelsea struck twice in stoppage time. Drew Spence, Erin Cuthbert, Crystal Dunn and Ramona Bachmann all scored. Part-time Sunderland's draw was their second from two games so far.
Victim alleged that former Senator Wilfred Krichefski carried out the attack with another man. In 2008 police statement, victim said he was taken by a member of staff who said: "I have a boy for you, sir" It was the first time details of the allegations
Maud Kells was shot outside her home in the Democratic Republic of Congo. She narrowly missed death or paralysis after the bullet hit her in the shoulder. Ms Kells wants to help free a man who has been imprisoned for involvement in the crime.
Fijian rugby player Matavesi senior came to the UK in the 1980s to play for Fiji Barbarians. He made such an impression in a match in Cornwall that Camborne rugby club paid for him to return. As rugby union was an amateur sport, the club had to find
Police called to address in Renfrewshire town's Gordon Street at about 20:55 on Tuesday. A 40-year-old woman and a 45 year-old man were found dead inside the home. Post mortem examinations have been carried out and both deaths are being treated as unexplained
Ednane Mahmood, from Blackburn, is alleged to have encouraged acts of terrorism. He was stopped by police at Manchester Airport after returning from Turkey on 21 September. The 18-year-old was released on conditional bail at Westminster Magistrates' Court.
Ex-manager said he was told to buy lunch for high-spending customers. Other managers said they were paid a bonus if they met financial targets on machines. Coral said it takes its commitments to responsible gambling 'extremely seriously' Industry says it takes responsible gambling very seriously.
Straker, 27, has been without a club since leaving York in January. He began his career at Crystal Palace before moving to Southend. Grimsby are currently third in the National League.
Dyfed-Powys Police said search in Carmarthenshire concluded on Thursday. Addresses in Birmingham and London have also been searched. A 75-year-old man was confirmed as the fifth person to die in the wake of the attack. Eight arrests have been made
Thai officials are trying to put on a show of "business as usual" at the shrine and surrounding areas. Analysts say the government is desperate to retain an air of normality in the capital. But industry experts say it will take more than this initial show of strength to convince investors
Steven Walters, 48, pleaded guilty to two counts of sexual assault at Stafford Crown Court in September. Chief Constable David Thompson said the case represented "one of the worst violations of policing integrity I've ever seen" Walters was also found guilty of gross misconduct at a disciplinary hearing and dismissed from
Giving a backie is illegal under the terms of the 1998 Road and Traffic Act. Offenders can be fined up to Â£200. The mayor has apologised, saying he did not know he was breaking the law. Footage was shot by passengers in a passing car as the
Recordings of the sex acts were used by blackmailers. Victims were told to transfer money to an account based in west Africa. Cases have all been uncovered in the past seven months - an average of two cases per week.
8 March 2016 Last updated on 10:47 GMT.
The animal, nicknamed Menai, was discovered at Tan-y-Foel close to Anglesey Sea Zoo. Zoo said it was the first time an Olive ridley turtle had been in the UK. It is now progressing to the next stage of its recovery by being moved to
Erhun Oztumer scored his sixth goal of the season in the 17th minute. The midfielder saw Lawrence Vigouroux off his line to open the scoring. Oztumer claimed his second in the 51st minute, controlling a long ball over the top before volleying
Cameras in Rhyl, Prestatyn and Rhuddlan will be beamed to Cheshire West and Chester. If anything is spotted, officers will alert North Wales Police immediately. The network's server at Rhyl police station is said to be beyond its serviceable lifetime.
South Sudan beat Uganda 4-1 in Central Eastern Zone qualifier. Malawi lost 1-0 to Madagascar in Southern Zone qualifier with Rokotoarimaldla Tsilavina scoring. Mauritius beat Seychelles 1-1 to progress 3-2 on aggregate
Ayatollah Khamenei says Iran still has sharp differences with the US over the Middle East. Iran will continue to back Syria, Iraq, the Palestinians and "oppressed people" in Yemen and Bahrain, he says. The supreme leader also denied that Iran was intending to create a nuclear bomb
Texas passed the legislation last year and it goes into effect in August. Dean of Texas School of Architecture says policy is not "appropriate" for higher education. Frederick Steiner says he will not return to the University of Pennsylvania until law is enforced. University of Texas president Greg Fenves
UKIP's NEC voted by a "clear majority" to exclude MEP Steven Woolfe from leadership race. Three NEC members quit in protest, saying governing body is 'no longer fit for purpose' Mr Woolfe said he was 'extremely disappointed' not to be on the final ballot.
The 24-year-old becomes Walsall's second signing of the summer after Luke Leahy. Jon Whitney says he is at a 'good stage of his career' after leaving Crewe. Walsall boss Jon Whitney has signed Leahy from Falkirk.
Timothy Geaney admitted taking or permitting the images between 2004 and 2014. He was made the subject of a community payback order and put on the sex offenders register. Geaney has now been removed from his profession's register following a General Teaching Council Scotland hearing.
Owen Jones, 52, of Caernarfon, Gwynedd, was not fit to hold a firearms certificate. North Wales Police claimed he was 'highly offensive' after officers looked at his Facebook profile. Mr Jones, who had held a licence for more than 30 years, appealed
The 29-year-old finished 11th in the -94kg class for Armenia, where he was born. A retest of his 2012 sample revealed the presence of a steroid. Vardanian was previously banned for six months in 2009 after testing positive for cannabis.
Pilkington scored in Cardiff's 4-0 friendly win at Shrewsbury on Saturday. Republic of Ireland international moved from the wing to a central forward role last season. The 28-year-old says it is going to be a tough season for the Bluebirds.
Lance Corporal Trimaan "Harry" Dhillon stalked Alice Ruggles before fatally attacking her. Her parents Sue Hills and Clive said they knew it was him when police knocked on their door. Dhillon, 26, denied murder but was found guilty and sentenced to
Lord Strathclyde has served six party leaders, including three prime ministers. Friends insist there is absolutely no political reason for his departure. He will be replaced by Lord Hill of Oareford, a former John Major aide, who entered the Lords in 2010.
Adelie Ireland, which took over The Bite Group last year, has gone into administration. Staff were sent home after being informed of the news on Friday. Administrators are examining the options for the future of the business.
Tadashi Ishii said he would tender his resignation at a January board meeting. Dentsu has been under pressure to reduce the amount of overtime its employees do. Matsuri Takahashi, 24, jumped to her death in December last year.
Darren Byrne, 40, denies murder and arson at Chelmsford Crown Court. Prosecutors said he struck Maria Byrne, 35, on the head at their home in Theydon Bois. Court told he doused unconscious wife in white spirit and turned on the hob before going out.
Blasts come a day after Afghan and US officials signed a deal letting US troops stay in Afghanistan. The agreement was authorised by new Afghan president Ashraf Ghani, who was sworn in on Monday. On that same day, two bombs killed at least 15 people in Kabul and Paktia provinces
Chapelcross, near Annan, is one of five sites being considered. Consultation was at the Victoria Halls in Annan on Friday. UK government has pledged that public opinion will be taken into account.
Google paid Â£10m in UK corporate taxes between 2006 and 2011. Chairman Schmidt said the company did what was "legally required" to pay the right amount of taxes. He said it was up to the government to change its tax system if it wanted companies to pay more
Mozambique is one of Africa's poorest nations. More than half of its 24 million people live below the poverty line. Tensions remain between the ruling Frelimo party and the opposition Renamo. Discovery of natural gas in 2011 is set to transform Mozambique's economy
Robin Hood, also known as Tim Pollard, met Sally Chappell at a banquet. The couple now have a two-year-old daughter called Scarlett. Instead of wedding presents they have asked for donations towards a relaxing space for Ms Chapell, who has incurable breast cancer
Main scores after the hour mark to seal victory for the Latics. Oldham have a sizeable cushion above the League One relegation places with three games left to play. Southend remain in 13th place in League One.
The Kidman cattle empire is Australia's largest landholding, encompassing some of the driest and toughest country Australia has to offer. Its story begins in the 1890s with Sir Sidney Kidman and his elder brother Sackville, who embarked on an ambitious venture that would transform agriculture in Australia.
The Bantams went ahead on 43 minutes when Billy Clarke started and finished a move, linking up with Steve Davies who crossed for him to score. But the Shrews levelled a minute after the restart with a messy goal.
Prince Harry visited the Iwokrama rainforest on the last day of his Caribbean tour. Met rangers to learn about the steps being taken to protect the rainforest. Later visited a school and the Kaieteur Falls - one of the world's largest freefall waterfalls.
Shots were fired from a car near St Brendan's Primary School. Victim is a well-known criminal and is receiving treatment for his injuries. Police have appealed for witnesses to contact them.
Andal Ampatuan Junior is accused of orchestrating the murder of 57 unarmed civilians. 27 members of his family have also been charged in connection with the killings. The Ampatuans were - and still are - extremely powerful in the Philippines. At the time of the massacre, the
Greece has submitted proposals for tax, benefit and economic reform to secure bailout deal. Proposals submitted to secure deal from their creditors to avoid tumbling out of the euro. Athens wants budget surpluses rising in steps to 3.5% of GDP or national income by
Drivers from the Rail, Maritime and Transport union have unanimously backed the deal. Maintenance workers represented by the TSSA and RMT have rejected the proposal. Service was due to start on some lines at weekends last September but has been delayed.
Gwilym Joseph MBE served the club for nearly 50 years. He was also the club lead on building the Liberty Stadium. Swansea chairman Huw Jenkins said: "It's a very sad day for the club"
Hearts goalkeeper Lee Hollis is a doubt for Sunday's Edinburgh derby. Hollis, 28, spent four seasons at Well after a six-year spell with Airdrie. Hearts face Hibernian at Tynecastle on Sunday.
Bradford Bulls entered administration on 14 November. RFL and administrator remain in talks over the future of the club. Bulls last played in Super League back in 2014.
L/Cpl James Brynin was shot while on patrol in Helmand Province. The 22-year-old, who was born in Shoreham-by-Sea, West Sussex, served with the 14th Signal Regiment (Electronic Warfare) He received immediate medical attention but died from his
332-acre total does not take into account all land affected. Landowners contributed more than Â£1m towards the cost of fire fighting. Private landowners supplied staff, specialist equipment and paid for helicopters.
Judges compiled list of 100 most influential women for Radio 4's Woman's Hour. Duchess of Cambridge did not make the list but judges noted her potential to do so. Author JK Rowling was seventh and Scottish Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon was 20th.
Home favourite Judd Trump beat compatriot Scott Donaldson. Five-time world champion O'Sullivan took the first three frames and won 4-1. Mei Xi Wen eliminated Peter Ebdon and will play Higgins on Thursday.
The prince said he used to "bury his head in the sand" but now views life differently. He co-founded the Sentebale charity with Prince Seeiso of Lesotho to help young people affected by HIV/Aids. Sentebale has delivered adolescent HIV testing and counselling
More than 1,000 drivers and engineers were set to stage the walkout on Bank Holiday Monday. It was supposed to be the second day of strike action after Unite members at Tower Transit took action on Friday. Transport for London said Tower Transit operated less than 5% of the bus network
District Judge Lucy Koh's move opens the way for US sales of Samsung's older tablet model to restart. Separately, Samsung filed a motion on Tuesday against Apple's iPhone 5 saying its patents had been violated. Apple has not commented on either move.
The 24-year-old Australian has spent his entire professional career to date at Newcastle. He has made 44 appearances, five of them coming in 2017. "By bringing in Tyler, it will bring in a genuine competition and add quality," says Trinity head coach Chris Chester.
Prince Alwaleed is one of the world's richest men. He owns stakes in many well-known companies, including News Corporation. The prince also has investments in a number of media groups.
Survey sent to 568 women in almost 40 different sports, with 339 responding. Sports Minister Tracey Crouch believes more needs to be done to stamp out sexism. One respondent said she believed it could affect her selection chances. Another was worried sexism could be perceived as "banter
His wife has said she might have to lock him in the shed to stop him from buying back his own favourites. There are 67 items in total, including a Dalek from 1966, and a Cyberman from the show's 19th series. The auctioneer has said that the full collection
Ashley claimed the deal, struck with former Rangers chief executive Charles Green, was wrongly terminated. He took his case to the High Court in London where it has been agreed his litigation can continue. In May, Rangers' directors said they were going to rip up contracts held with a merchandise company
Lord Alderdice was a member of the Independent Monitoring Commission. He said the new body would only be able to produce a few proposals for the Executive. Lord Eames said he was well aware of the "desperate plight" of troubles' victims.
Fire broke out in communal area of the block in Stewartville Street, Partick. Four people treated at the scene for the effects of smoke inhalation. Crews worked through the night to deal with any fire spread.
The BBC's Richard Westcott was the first passenger to fly in a Dreamliner since it was dramatically grounded in January. The 50 planes around the world were grounded due to battery malfunctions that saw one 787 catch fire in the US. Boeing is expected to complete repairs on all
Graffiti read "Homeland is racist" and "homeland is rubbish", among others. Artists say they were asked to write the graffiti in June to "lend authenticity" to a set depicting a refugee camp. The episode featuring the set in question aired on 11 October in the
Sprinter Sacre was bought by owners Raymond and Caroline Mould as part of a job lot of 22 horses in France that cost a total of 300,000 euros. He banked more than £1.1m from 18 wins, nine at the highest level - Grade One. The
Four people died in the crash of a Super Puma helicopter off Shetland in 2013. Judge ruled it was in the public interest and the interests of justice to make it available. The British Airline Pilots' Association (Balpa) said it had lodged an appeal.
James Wharton and Guy Opperman are two MPs from the North East. They were invited to Chequers to talk through their concerns with the PM. Wharton said the meeting with Cameron had been'remarkably positive' Opperman would like to see a mayor in the North
Gwent Police said it was 'extremely concerned' after five incidents potentially linked to heroin. They happened in Caerphilly, Newport and Blaenau Gwent between 23 October and Friday. Det Insp Leigh Mears said he "cannot rule out the possibility that the deaths and
Joey's Pizza has 212 stores across Germany with annual sales of â‚¬143m ($156.5m; Â£103.9m) Germany is the world's fourth-biggest pizza market and the deal is worth up to A$120m ($86m
Landlord Mr Jones, 46, died at The Blossoms public house in Holyhead. 24-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder and remains in custody. North Wales Police say they are not releasing Mr Jones's cause of death yet.
Vincent Hudson, 54, charged with historical offence on a boy under the age of 16. Cumbria Police said the attack was reported to have taken place in 2001. Mr Hudson is due to appear before North Cumbria Magistrates' Court later.
Rafael Esquivel was among seven officials arrested at a luxury hotel in Switzerland last year. More than 40 individuals and entities have been charged under the probe. Esquivel - a former president of the Venezuelan Football Federation - was extradited to the US in March.
This October, the only surprise seems to be a day without surprises. Donald Trump's embrace of "lock her up" rhetoric received the lion's share of condemnation from the left and right. The Clinton team also spent the week weathering a scandal of its own thanks to the release by Wikileaks
Home affairs select committee has called for urgent review of laws governing undercover policing. Here are the accounts of two women whose relationships were based on deception. Lisa had a six-year relationship with former PC Mark Kennedy, who posed as long-haired dropout Mark "Flash" Stone. Al
Imran Khawaja, 27, from Southall, west London, left the UK for Syria last January. He was one of the most public British fighters in Syria - always online, but always masked. Khawaja was a member of Rayat al Tawheed - which means Flag
Craig Nelson, 34, was found at the Woodhead Tunnels off the A628 in Derbyshire. A man, 41, and a woman, 23, were arrested in Sheffield by South Yorkshire Police. Post-mortem found the 34-year-old died as a result of head
Few MPs expect her position to be strong and stable for the next five years. There is a feeling that the party is holding on to nurse for fear of something worse. Theresa May is expected to hear strong criticisms of what one backbencher dubbed "her miserable manifesto"
The Football Association, known as the FA, is the organisation that looks after all football in England. It was formed in 1863 and is the oldest football association in the world. The FA is run by a group of people called the FA Council, which has 122 members. Just eight of
In comparison, it is long on vision of "a great meritocracy" and short on specific policies. The promise not to raise income tax or national insurance contributions has gone, along with the triple lock on pensions. Winter fuel allowance will be means-tested with the money spent on health and
Bangladesh beat England by 108 runs to win the second Test in Chittagong. Chasing 273, England collapsed from 100-0 to 164 all out, with Mehedi Hasan taking 6-77. Ben Stokes, Adil Rashid and Zafar Ansari
The past decade in Europe has been the warmest on record, according to a new report. The cost of damage caused by extreme weather events has increased from 9bn euros in the 1980s to 13bn euros. Experts say adaptation strategies need to be developed to minimise the risk to nations'
The 25-year-old started his career with Blackwood and played sevens for Wales. A statement issued by the region said the player had failed to recover from a head injury he suffered during the Premiership Sevens in August 2015. "I am devastated that I have been forced to retire
The death of Virgil Runnels, which was his real name, was announced by World Wrestling Entertainment. His long and glittering career, which began in the late 1960s, earned him a place in the WWE Hall of Fame. Tributes poured in for the Texan-born fighter
European market accounts for 73% of UK's agri-food exports. 40% of Scottish lamb exports go to Europe.
GP practices are being paid to help local NHS groups limit the number of patient referrals. Appointments affected include scans and consultations with specialists - including those for cancer patients. British Medical Association said such incentives were "misguided" NHS is under pressure to make savings, with a target
Diafra Sakho has only played twice all season after surgery on his back. Senegal international missed this season's Africa Cup of Nations with injury. Sakho was due to join West Brom for £15m before his summer injury.
Yentob said decision to drop Clarkson was right, but sad day for BBC. He said it would be a disappointment if the other presenters quit, but Top Gear might still continue. "Of course I wouldn't rule that out, but that's not for now," he said.
Bristol Metrobus was supposed to be run on a completely commercial basis. First Bus, Wessex and the Bath Bus Company RAPT were said to be in the running for the contract. Metrobus admits public subsidies might now have to be used to entice firms on board.
Paralympic discus champion Davies threw 16.14m at the British Indoor Championships in February. His new mark remains an unofficial world record until verified by the IPC. Davies is set to be named among the first phase of Great Britain track and field athletes for the
Annemiek van Vleuten was leading Rio Olympics road race when she crashed. The 33-year-old suffered three fractures in her back and a concussion. Two weeks after the crash, she won her first stage of the Belgium Tour prologue. She will compete at the
Japan has one of the lowest levels of entrepreneurship in the developed world, according to the Global Entrepreneurship Monitor. Naoki Makiura is an atypical Japanese youth who is not afraid to take risks. Takafumi Horie, former boss of internet firm Livedoor
Baxter, 24, played the last of his 93 league games for the Blades in February. Dean Hammond has activated a clause in his contract to remain at Bramall Lane. Goalkeeper George Long has been offered a new deal while Alex Baptiste, David Edgar and Conor Sammon have left
The aim of the scheme was to increase bank lending by up to £70bn. In essence, the Bank of England is letting commercial banks borrow funds from it cheaply. The banks then pass this on in the form of cheap loans to firms. Is it working? Some report banks are
Maria Carreiro, 51, said she "ran down the street like a crazy woman" Among her plans for the winnings were a Hawaii honeymoon after 30 years of marriage and a larger house. 60% of winners of more than C$1m paid off debts, 56%
Same-sex marriage is legal in England, Scotland, Wales and the Republic of Ireland. But it is banned in Northern Ireland, which is currently in the grip of a political crisis. A judge said it was for the Stormont Assembly, and not a judge, to decide social policy.
Private Derby XXXI was selected by the Duke of Devonshire from his flock. The Swaledale Ram helped to form a guard of honour for Premiership rugby union match. Lance Corporal Derby XXX, who switched on Ashbourne's Christmas Lights in 2014, died in November.
Jordan Burrow tripped James Jennings in the Town box. Parkin put the visitors ahead from the rebound after his penalty was saved. Frear made it 2-0 before the break when he fired in Keanu Marsh-Brown's cross.
Daniel Bebb-Jones, 23, was arrested by anti-terror police near an Army reserve centre. Police say there are not believed to be any links to terrorism. He will appear before Redditch Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
Dario Cataldo won the final day's 10km individual time trial to make it a one-two for the British team. Team Sky director Dan Frost said: "It's like being in dreamland. To win four out of five stages is not a common thing to do but the team
Scottish distance runner Eilish McColgan aiming to qualify for the GB Olympic 5,000m team. The 25-year-old has been recovering from a broken ankle since January 2015. McColgan will qualify for Rio if she finishes in the top two at the British Championships
Edinburgh have lost five of their last six matches in all competitions. The Murrayfield side are seventh in the table and face a difficult run-in as they seek a top-four finish. Dickinson, with Willem Nel and Ross Ford part of an all-Edinburgh first
Mohammad Sidique Khan's brother-in-law speaks out for the first time. Says his sister was married to the oldest of the four suicide bombers who attacked London on 7 July 2005. Mr Patel says there were no signs he could have spotted in Khan to predict what he would
Richard Boyd Barrett brought the dab to the Dáil - the Irish parliament. The left-wing politician pulled the move during a debate on the Misuse of Drugs Bill. In his speech he said politicians "need to start to listen to young people"
ScottishPower will tailor each customer's 'day' based on how much energy they typically use. Customers will be able to buy packages of gas and electricity in quantities from one day to a month. The firm has been piloting the scheme and it says it could transform the way consumers
McCain is the top Republican on the Senate armed services committee. He is understood to have entered Syria through Turkey and was on the ground for several hours. The US currently provides non-lethal aid to opposition groups in Syria. An estimated 70,000 people have been killed since violence broke
Konta faces five-time Wimbledon Champion Venus Williams in the semi-finals.
Jak Trueman, 15, was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer last August. The West Calder High School pupil had been documenting his life and treatment on social media. On Saturday he briefly attended a school prom held in his honour. His mother Allison broke the news of his
Former Corries musician Ronnie Browne and authors Christopher Brookmyre and Lesley Riddoch will also be festival guests. The 12th annual event will be held from 1-6 September.
Almost three quarters of young people in the Highlands have drunk alcohol by the time they turn 15, according to the Highland Alcohol and Drugs Partnership. Its campaign Meet the MacPhersons draws on evidence gathered from 200 young people and 20 parents. The partnership said there has been a 10% reduction
Militants are using snipers and suicide bombers to put up fierce resistance. Iraqi general says clouds are limiting the ability of drones and other aircraft to provide cover. About 50,000 Iraqi security forces personnel, soldiers, police, Kurdish Peshmerga fighters, Sunni Arab tribesmen and Shia milit
Environment Minister Zhou Shengxian said conflict between development and nature had never been so serious. He said if China meant to quadruple the size of its economy over 20 years without more damage, it would have to become more efficient in resource use. His comments came ahead of China's annual session of
Pietro the cat was found when his owners returned to the house to get some belongings. He was taken to a veterinary clinic and is said to be in a critical condition.
Euro is shaking again after the chaos-election in Greece. The change of the guard in France has robbed Angela Merkel of her most important partner. If the international financial markets start to lose confidence in France, then that will weaken the euro. And Germany alone will not be able to stabilise it
Hidden Abbey Project hopes to uncover the high altar where the king and queen are buried. Henry I, son of William the Conqueror, founded Reading Abbey in 1121. After his death in Normandy in December 1135, his body was brought to Reading sewn into a bull's hide.
Python star Michael Palin pays tribute to his "most wonderful friend" Jones, of Colwyn Bay, Conwy, announced last month that he has a severe type of dementia. Mali Harries takes the best actress prize for detective series Hinterland/YGwyll. Mark
Fifa has warned the FMF about "insulting and discriminatory chants" Some fans of Mexico shout an insult at keepers when they take a goal-kick which is argued to be homophobic. Mexico have already been fined eight times during World Cup qualifying because of homophobic chanting.
Christopher Marinello is chief executive of the Art Recovery Group. The group has retrieved US$500m of stolen and looted works of art over the past decade. Isis and other people are taking advantage of the war in Syria to tap into these markets. Marinello: "Stopping
Mae grŵp wedi'i sefydlu yn Arberth, Sir Benfro sy'n helpu iddod â theulu o ffoaduriaid i'r DU a chynnig cartref iddyn nhw. M
Top seed Rafael Nadal begins against Serbia's Dusan Lajovic in the third match on Ashe at about 20:00 BST. Third seed Roger Federer faces American teenager Frances Tiafoe in the second night match at about 02:00. Women's world number one Kar
TWE is the world's biggest listed winemaker. Last year, it sold 385 million bottles and recorded revenues of AU$1.76bn. KKR's new bid is a joint venture with fellow US private equity firm Rhone Group.
James McLaughlin scores only goal of the game in the second half. Jordan Forsythe sent off in 71st minute for crude challenge on Lyndon Kane. Stephen Baxter's champions within four points of Premiership pacesetters Linfield.
The Scream (1892) depicts a figure holding its face, which is making an agonised expression. But look above this individual and the sky is full of colourful wavy lines. Researchers say these are probably Mother of Pearl Clouds. Rare phenomena would have had a big impact on anyone
Citizens Advice Bureau receives growing number of complaints about telemarketing. BBC One current affairs documentary would like to hear about your experiences.
Chilton dominated the race at Iowa Speedway to earn his first win in any series since 2012. The Briton said he had learned of Bianchi's death on Friday night US time before going on to take a victory which saw him lead for 87 of the 100 laps at the 0.894
The skill is often one of the first lost by people who have dementia. Researchers say the game could generate an unprecedented amount of data.
Corrie Mckeague, 23, was last seen in Bury St Edmunds following a night out. He is believed to be from Dunfermline, Fife, and based at RAF Honington in Suffolk. His uncle Tony Wringe said his nephew kept in close contact with
Union Unite organised rally at firm's headquarters in Derbyshire. It called for an end to 'Victorian working practices' and demanded staff get a living wage of Â£7.85 an hour. Sports Direct said casual workers receive holiday and sick pay, and are included in
New guidance aims to increase testing in people with undiagnosed HIV in England. Estimated that 103,700 people are living with HIV in the UK. 17% of people with the virus are unaware of their infection, so risk unintentionally passing it on to their sexual partners.
Andrew Frangos of Cornhill Capital was approached by Dominic Chappell to raise money secured against property to use as working capital. He was joined in the Commons by accountants Grant Thornton and lawyers Olswang. Both made extensive use of client confidentiality protection but several important themes emerged.
Truck drivers resorting to drugs to help relieve boredom of long journeys. Drug testing firms say to have 10% of drivers in an haulage firm test positive for drugs was "not unusual" Road safety minister Mike Penning insists Britain's roads are among the safest in the world.
Rebel fighters have agreed a ceasefire and will leave Homs to President Bashar al-Assad's tender mercies. President Assad is meant to be talking peace with some of the leaders who have suffered this reverse. But it doesn't seem very likely - not with Russian President Vladimir Putin behind him.
Residents of Mashkel have close ties with ethnic Balochs in Iran's Sistan province. Relief operation has been hampered by remoteness of the affected area. Many people have families and relatives on both sides of the border. The town's economy depends on oil smuggling from Iran and
Most of the 32 defendants are from Saudi Arabia's restive Eastern Province. One is an Iranian national and another an Afghan. They face charges including treason and establishing a spy ring with Iran. Tensions between Saudi Arabia and Iran have escalated in recent weeks.
Scunthorpe have signed 18-year-old on loan for the month of January. Luke Daniels starts a three-match ban for his red card against Burton on Saturday. Watson could feature for the Iron in Tuesday's League Cup tie with Barnsley.
Kev Brady paddled more than 200 miles (320 km) along the Mahaweli. He now aims to paddle the 800 miles (1,300 km) around the coast of the island of Sri Lanka. His previous feats include canoeing along the Mississippi and swimming the length of the
Mr Slipper is accused of sexual harassment by a former staff member. His resignation could harm Ms Gillard's slender majority. He defected from opposition leader Tony Abbot's Liberal Party last year.
Almost 80,000 passengers and crew have sailed into Belfast this year on 43 different tourist ships. One of the big draws is the new Titanic Visitor Centre, which so far has welcomed people from 111 different countries. The Giant's Causeway, golf and Titanic Belfast are pulling in the visitors
TomSka is one of the stars of The Creators, a new documentary about YouTube vloggers. He says the only way to make money is to be 'incredibly, painfully honest' The 24-year-old has been open about his depression and struggles with mental illness.
Redrow has just short of 26,000 plots in its landbank. Planning process is also dissuading smaller builders from doing more, he said. White Paper proposed forcing housebuilders to surrender land if construction had not started.
England beaten 17-16 by Australia in first Test at John Smith's Stadium. Wayne Bennett takes charge of first competitive game in charge of England. England's hopes of reaching the final in doubt after Australia's win over Scotland.
British tennis player Caroline Robson has won three qualifying matches at the US Open. The 22-year-old has recovered from a long-term wrist injury to qualify for the final Grand Slam of the year. Robson beat Petra Kvitova in the third round of the Australian Open
PC Keith Burgess, 41, also faces three counts of misconduct in public office. Hampshire Constabulary said he had been suspended from duty until criminal investigation is completed. He was bailed to appear before Guildford magistrates next month.
Hibernian have appointed Alan Stubbs as their new head coach. The 42-year-old has left his role as a youth coach at Everton to take the job. He replaces Terry Butcher, who was sacked following Hibs' relegation from the Premiership last season. Stubbs
Trinidadian Simmons has been offered the West Indies job. Ireland exited from the World Cup after defeat by Pakistan on Sunday. Simmons has led the Irish to six successive ICC global tournaments.
Newark and Sherwood District Council plan to restore Magnus buildings. The project will cost £5.4m in total and will open in September 2014. Centre could attract more than 60,000 visitors each year, authority says.
The 19-year-old forward has yet to play a competitive first-team game for Huddersfield. He had a three-game loan spell at Wrexham earlier this season. The deal would include the play-offs should Colchester reach them.
Laura Muir breaks her own Scottish 5K record by 14 seconds. The 23-year-old ran a time of 14 minutes, 49.12 seconds at the Emirates Arena in Glasgow. Muir broke her own British 1500m record at the Diamond League meeting in Paris in August.
Human rights groups hope the trial will shed light on Operation Condor. Joint effort among South American military rulers aimed at suppressing opposition. The men are accused of having run a notorious detention centre in Buenos Aires. More than 200 people are believed to have been kidnapped and taken to the secret prison
England captain Alastair Cook says it is nice to be underdogs in Ashes series. Cook's side lead Australia 1-0 going into second Test at Lord's on Thursday. Australia captain Michael Clarke confident wicketkeeper Brad Haddin will be fit to play. Wicketkeeper Shane
The former HSBC bank building will house 16 flats including a four-bedroom penthouse. Planners said the proposals would help regenerate the area. The Victorian Society opposed the plan, saying it would cause 'unjustified harm' to the building. Four-storey building was constructed in
New minerals and mineral-like compounds are being formed faster than at anytime in Earth's history. Minerals are specific combinations of chemical elements arranged into crystalline structures. Many in the list have been found down old mine tunnels or on slag heaps where water and even fire have had
Boy's mother says foetus was formed with organs like those of a baby. It is believed to be the first reported case of "fetus in fetu" in Malaysia. Funeral rites have been performed on the foetus and it was buried at a local cemetery.
Andrew Butchart, Eilidh Doyle, Zoey Clark, Chris O'Hare, Steph Twell, Josh Kerr and Eilish McColgan secured their spots at the British team trials. Beth Potter, Laura Muir and Callum Hawkins sealed early places. Guy Learmonth
Lancashire Police confirm they are investigating the source of the messages. Montgomery High School in Bispham will open as normal on Monday morning, principal says. The unnamed Facebook user also praised gun killers in schools in the United States. "Nobody talks to me or notices me
Victoria Police launched a special investigation into young women trying to join IS. The women, aged between 18 and 29, have been recruited on social media. Five of them are now living with IS militants in the conflict zones, according to police. Concern has been rising since mid-2014
Warwickshire all-rounder Keith Barker took 9-157 as Durham were all out for 327. Barker narrowly missed out on becoming first player since 1911 to score a century and take 10 wickets in a first-class game. Mark Stoneman hit 111 before he was run
Moody's: UK could keep many of its trade terms with the EU so as to avoid disruption. Report shows economic warnings from pro-EU groups have been "baseless scaremongering", Vote Leave said. Britain Stronger in Europe group said it was further evidence that leaving would
Australia opener is being investigated over claims of an attack in the early hours of Sunday morning. Mickey Arthur can tell his players "this is what happens if you step out of line because it is totally unacceptable" If Warner stays on the tour I would expect his presence to add to the banter
Welsh government given £5m to compensate those affected in Wales. Follows a ruling by the Pensions Ombudsman in a test case in May. Retired Strathclyde fireman William Milne received more than £30,000.
Communication between two proteins is what triggers the cell tent to lose its shape and become unanchored. This allows the cells to travel to other areas of the body. The researchers said their findings could help prevent the spread of lung cancer.
Slovenia's Bedene beats Spain's Carreno Busta 7-6 (7-4) 6-3 4-6 5-7 6-2 in five sets. The 26-year-old had a two-set lead but recovered his poise to win in
New ambassador Jeffrey DeLaurentis had been working at new US embassy in Havana. President Obama said there was 'no better-qualified public servant' Restrictions on flights have been lifted but US embargo on Cuba remains in place.
Bristol City lose 3-2 at home to Luton in the League One clash. Jack Marriott, Paul Benson and Aden Flint scored for the hosts. Aston Villa loanee Callum Robinson pulled a goal back for City.
Virtual reality headset will allow gamers to experience a virtual gaming world. Will be sold for Â£549 and you'll need a very powerful computer to even be able to use it. Similar products on the market include HTC's Vive and Sony's PlayStation VR.
Qatar is the richest country per capita in the world, but it imports 90% of its food. Food security involves a tangle of trade, diplomatic and political issues. Qatar joins a growing list of countries that are not just importing food but buying the land on which it is grown
Rouhani's five-day visit to Italy and France is the first by an Iranian president in nearly two decades. He is expected to secure valuable trade deals following the lifting of international sanctions. Among them is a likely agreement with French aircraft manufacturer Airbus for more than 100 new aircraft.
EastEnders producer Sean O'Connor describes them as "noisy and brash" The announcement has split opinion among fans on the soap's Facebook page. Some worried they are a stereotypical white working-class family and/or pale imitation of Millers. Others are looking forward to
In April the UK saw less than half the amount of rain it normally would. Rivers in Cumbria have been drying up, and levels of water stored in reservoirs in Cornwall are getting very low. But at the moment, though, the UK isn't thought to be having a drought.
All 57 seats were contested, of which the Tories took 43, compared to the 36 they won in 2013. Turnout was up on 2013, at 33.7%. Labour gained a councillor, taking their tally to 12, while the Liberal Democrats saw their number of seats fall from six to two
Former police ombudsman Baroness O'Loan says confronting the past is the only way to peace. Last weekend 140 parades were held in Northern Ireland, marking the height of the marching season. Between the beginning of April 2014 and the end of March this year, three people died due
Dwight Gayle has signed for Newcastle from Bournemouth. The winger scored 26 goals in 74 games for Crystal Palace last season. Newcastle's Andros Townsend went in the opposite direction in a separate deal.
Ceredigion-based Lewis Coaches, which runs buses from Aberystwyth to Cardiff via Carmarthen, is to shut on Friday. The Confederation of Passenger Transport Cymru said 40 jobs were at risk. Council said it was working to continue some services.
Kelly Pearce, 36, was found with fatal throat wounds on Canvey Island, Essex. Anthony Ayres, 49, of Fairlop Avenue in Canvey, denies murdering her. His defence claimed Mr Withers killed her and then blamed Mr Ayres who arrived later.
Huddersfield Town beat Brighton 3-1 in their Premier League clash. Tommy Smith, Nahki Wells and Elias Kachunga scored for the Terriers. Brighton defender Lewis Dunk was sent off for a second yellow card. The Seagulls remain one point ahead
Asghar Buksh, 55, repeatedly struck mother-of-six Nasreen Buksh over the head with a heavy blunt object which has never been found. He admitted culpable homicide on the basis of diminished responsibility after saying he had no recollection of the killing at Dixon Avenue, Glasgow,
Met Commissioner Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe is retiring after five and a half years in the post. He said public pressure on firearm officers meant there are not enough people willing to do the job. Sir Bernard also stated that armed officers did not fire a shot at a suspect in more than 3
More than 20 firefighters were sent to the Westmorland Shopping Centre in Kendal. A fire service spokesman said the blaze was quickly extinguished and no-one was injured. The split-level complex houses about 30 shops and an indoor market.
St Ives MP Derek Thomas claimed diabetes is "completely avoidable through good diet and exercise" on his Facebook page. Dozens of constituents complained that his comments were inaccurate and "insulting" He said he was "sincerely sorry" and would raise the issue with government.
Suite Francaise is the work of Jewish author Irene Nemirovsky. She was arrested by the Nazis and died at Auschwitz concentration camp in 1942. Michelle Williams plays the young wife in the film, Kristin Scott Thomas plays her mother-in-law.
Fire started in two road tankers before spreading to plastic and steel drum oil containers. At least 10 fire crews from around the county were tackling the fire. No casualties have been reported.
Spanish 14-time Grand Slam champion has played in the Wimbledon warm-up event on six previous occasions. Andy Murray confirmed he will defend his Queen's title in June. The Aegon Championships will be held from 13-18 June in London.
The ship took shelter near Mounts Bay after an initial rescue at 22:00 BST on Sunday failed due to poor weather conditions. The men were airlifted to Royal Cornwall Hospital. It is understood the tanker was en-route to Germany to pick up cargo.
The 45th President of the United States found himself immersed for the first time in the complexities of the EU. It was hard to ignore the feeling that, as European leaders were getting to know the president, they were being offered a tantalising glimpse of the president they preferred. Mr Trump's
The 24-year-old has been without a club since leaving Kilmarnock last year. Ngoo had loan spells with Hearts, Yeovil Town and Walsall during his time at Anfield. He is eligible to make his debut for the Ravens against Chester on Saturday.
Strong winds overnight fanned the flames which reportedly started in the Lane Poole Reserve on Wednesday. Residents in Waroona area who have not yet evacuated to leave. "The glow is scary enough... and the ash is coming into the backyards and into the fences, and the smoke's getting really
Asad Khan, 11, was found unresponsive at his home in Bradford in September. He was taken to hospital but died a short time later. His family believe he had been bullied and inquest into his death was adjourned. Solicitor Ruth Bundey said it was important to have
13m new accounts opened in 2014-15, down from 13.5m the year before. Figure is the lowest since 2004-05 and will be disappointing for the Treasury. Maximum subscription amount was increased to £15,000 for both cash and stocks-and-shares Isas
Number of farms discovered increased to 7,865, more than doubling in four years. Number of recorded cannabis production offences in period from April 2011 to March 2012 will rise to 16,464. In the last two years, police forces have seized 1.1 million cannabis plants.
Graham Andrew bought the 33,600-piece Wildlife puzzle and recruited 200 jigsaw fans to complete it. He was left with four holes in the giant puzzle and had to ask the manufacturer to re-cut them. The pieces have arrived and the puzzle should be completed on Friday.
Incident happened on the first stage of the Highland Car Club Snowman Rally. Police later named the woman as Joy Robson, 50, from the Isle of Skye. The boy was taken to hospital but police said his condition was not life-threatening.
It is the first time Wales' commissioners for children, older people, future generations and Welsh language will appear on stage together. They will discuss how education system in Wales can play a part in shaping the nation's future.
Cornelius Price, 40, threw the six-pint bottle in a temper, court heard. Admitted criminal damage and was fined £75 and ordered to pay £85 costs. The money will be deducted from his benefits at £10 a fortnight.
Maíria Cahill waived her right to anonymity to tell how the republican movement responded to her allegations. She claimed she was raped by a suspected IRA man when she was a teenager. BBC Northern Ireland Director Peter Johnston said it was a 'fantastic win'
Jewish association chief Ognjen Kraus said snub was a warning to the new centre-right government. Ethnic Serbs and anti-fascist groups are also boycotting next week's official ceremony. Death camp operated under the Ustashe regime, which ran Croatia as a Nazi puppet state
Belgium international had asked to leave Old Trafford on a permanent transfer. The 21-year-old has scored five goals in 63 appearances for the club. Januzaj spent four months on loan to Bundesliga side Borussia Dortmund last season.
Ann Budge has asked the Foundation of Hearts to postpone repayment of her loan for two years in the hope of raising the £3m for the main stand project. Supporters and the club's on-field success, securing a third-place finish in the Scottish Premiership, form half of the £6
Berahino has not started a game since the trip to Bournemouth on 10 September. The 23-year-old has appeared five times for the Baggies this season and has yet to score. Tottenham had three bids rejected for the forward in the summer transfer window.
Sarries beat Tigers in the final round of pool matches. Quins go to an Exeter side hoping to reach the final for the third time. The semi-finals will take place between 10-12 March.
Kyle Clarke, 27, was hit by a car and dragged along under the vehicle for 600m. His mother Helen Stockford described him as the "light of her life" In 2009, Kyle saved her from a convicted murderer and rapist who was on parole. Shakrun Islam, 30
Emily Scarratt, Abbie Scott, Lydia Thompson, Marlie Packer and Vicky Fleetwood score tries. It was England's first victory away in New Zealand since 2001. England are preparing for the Women's Rugby World Cup in Ireland.
The woman was operating a paramotor - a motorised paraglider. She had a "very close encounter" with an Airbus A400M near Andover, Hampshire. The UK Airprox Board assessed the incident as having the most serious degree of risk. Investigators concluded that
Eight fire appliances and 45 fire fighters are at the scene, including crew from the Irish Fire Service. The blaze has spread across a 5 kilometre area, crossing the border. It is the latest of 435 reported wildfires since the beginning of May.
Liam Cann, 22, of Goldhanger, Essex, was convicted of 23 sex offences last year. He contacted a number of boys while playing Xbox games online, Chelmsford Crown Court heard. Judge John Dodd described the bell-ringer as "clever and calculating"
Oh Wonder was conceived as a songwriting project, whereby the two musicians could subsidise their solo careers by giving songs to other artists. In September 2014, they created a Soundcloud page and, prompted to describe themselves, wrote: "Writing duo, one song a month" Their first song
Nursery staff in Luton thought boy was saying 'cooker bomb' instead of 'cucumber' Case was sent to police and social services panel instead of de-radicalisation scheme Channel. Teachers and public service workers have a legal obligation to report concerns of extremist behaviour.
Onlookers in the car park instructed the five-year-old on how to open the boot. The incident happened on Thursday in Riverdale, Utah. Tori Castillo, 39, is facing child abuse charges and the children are now with their father.
Incident said to have happened as Mr Galloway gave a talk at the university. He tweeted that he had an "unknown substance in my eyes and lungs" Police confirmed they had been called to a disturbance at 19:45.
Ivory Coast beat Angola 2-0 at home in Elephants' first match on home soil since winning last month's Nations Cup. Ali Assadalla and Salomon Kalou on target for Ivory Coast. Hector Cuper makes winning start to Egypt career as Pharaohs beat Equatorial Guinea
Celtic manager says Europa League qualification would be biggest achievement of his career. Norwegian side must beat Romanian side Astra Giurgiu to progress from Group D. Celtics beat the Romanians 2-1 in Glasgow two weeks ago. Scott Brown says players are standing by
Wales' 37,600 teachers will be given a learning passport by September to record professional development. Minister Huw Lewis said having "high capacity, high skilled professionals" was essential. Policies for recruiting and developing teachers and other school staff are 'underdeveloped'
Mourinho says he will not chase 'impossible' transfers in the summer. Manchester United boss says his squad contains players who 'don't think the aim is to win' Six United players have not won a domestic league title or major international tournament. Bastian Schweinste
Police called to Biffa depot in Avonmouth at 11:00 BST on Friday. They were alerted by staff to possible remains at one of the units. Victim named as Matthew Symonds, 34, of no fixed address in Swindon. His death is being treated as unexplained
Final list of leadership candidates will be revealed on Wednesday at midday. UKIP donor Arron Banks suggested Steven Woolfe will not be on the ballot. Mr Woolfe's candidacy is in officials' hands after he missed the deadline. Also in the race are MEPs Jonathan Arnott and
Paul Sheerin has been player-manager at Arbroath since 2010. The 39-year-old replaces Neil Cooper at Pittodrie. Arbroath were relegated to Scottish League Two after finishing bottom of League One.
PSNI said the teams will "deal with community problems" and give "advice" First LPTs to launch will be based in Lurgan and Armagh city police stations. They will be supported by four mobile neighbourhood policing teams (NPTs) The roll-out of all
Pittsburgh Steelers asked him to retire earlier this year but he only agreed this week. He has two sons, aged seven and five, with his wife Theodora. Born in the US, he is of Samoan descent and is known for his iconic hairstyle.
Jonathon Robert Thomas, 34, died following an incident on Princess Way. Daniel Jason Shepherd, 23, from Skewen, Neath Port Talbot, pleaded not guilty. Mr Thomas played for Swansea RFC along with his brother, Nicky.
Ronnie O'Sullivan takes on Judd Trump in the final at the ExCel Arena in Glasgow. O'Sullivan beat Neil Robertson 9-5 in last year's final in a thrilling encounter. Stuart Bingham beat Robert Milkins 6-0 in the other semi-final.
Exeter took the lead through Jake Taylor's stunning long-range strike. Adama Diomande equalised for Hull within two minutes. Substitute Robert Snodgrass' late 25-yard free-kick secured the Tigers' place in round three.
Part of Ysgol Glan Clwyd in Saint Asaph will be demolished in November. New classrooms, assembly, music, drama and dining areas will be created. Work is aimed at meeting growing demand for Welsh-medium education.
Mr Whyte was the only person in the dock at the High Court in Glasgow. The 45-year-old and six other men originally faced charges relating to the acquisition of the club in May 2011 and its financial management. Charges have been dropped against Gary Withey, 51, David G
Tyler Denton curled in a fine effort in the first half as Leeds won a second-straight away game. Kemar Roofe hit the crossbar for Leeds as they pressed for a second. Jack Marriott twice squandered efforts when he was one-on-one with the goalkeeper.
Former Italian PM convicted of certain crimes can choose between house arrest and community service. Ordinary criminals can be assigned by the courts to work in centres for drug addicts or soup kitchens. But Mr Berlusconi is no ordinary criminal. He normally travels surrounded by a cohort of bodyguards.
Edwards joined the east London outfit in 2009 and has been coaching in the club's academy. The 44-year-old will work alongside Andy Hessenthaler, who was appointed as Orient boss last week.
Wayne Moores, 28, died when his motorbike was struck by a drink driver in 2010. Donna Hackett, then aged 26, fled and was found by police asleep in a ditch. She served half of a six-year jail term for causing death by careless driving.
A number of men forced their way into the property at Oakfield Drive in Belfast. They demanded money before assaulting a man aged in his 50s. The gang made off with a sum of cash. Alliance East Antrim MLA Stewart Dickson condemned the attack.
England beat Sri Lanka by six wickets in fourth ODI at The Oval. Jason Roy scores 162 not out, five short of Robin Smith's record of 167 not out against Australia. Roy also made a century in record-breaking stand with Alex Hales in second ODI. England
Wales hooker Ken Owens has started all of Wales' Six Nations matches this season. The 30-year-old has made 31 of his previous 49 Wales appearances from the bench. Owens has won 50 caps for Wales and is set to win his 50th cap against France.
Tom Westley and James Anderson make unbroken stand of 128 in 37 overs. England Test captain Cook hits seven fours and a six off Moeen Ali. Rain and bad light meant the loss of the entire afternoon session. Worcestershire's Matt Henry went for 11 off
Abid Naseer was convicted of providing and conspiring to provide material support to al-Qaeda. He was extradited from the UK to the United States in 2013. The 28-year-old was polite, calm and professional at his trial in New York. Det Supt Mark
Russia has carried out air strikes on anti-government rebels since 2015. Moscow's involvement is credited with turning the war in favour of its ally. The announcement comes days after Russia and Turkey negotiated a ceasefire. Russia, along with Turkey and Iran, is now pushing for peace talks.
Alexander Zverev beaten in three sets by Rafael Nadal at Australian Open. Spaniard comes from behind to win 4-6 6-3 6-7 (5-7) 6-4 6-2 in four hours and six minutes. Nadal will next face Gael Mon
The metal object was found floating on a remote river in Salinopolis, Brazil. UK Space Agency confirms it is from the launch of Europe's largest telecommunications satellite last year. The piece bears the logo of the UK Space Agency and Arianespace - the European satellite company. Local
Brusthom Ziamani, 19, from Camberwell, south London, found guilty of preparing act of terrorism. Court heard he was inspired by murder of Fusilier Lee Rigby and used internet to research cadet bases. He converted to Islam in 2014 and became radical
Elisa Bianco, 22, told Sally Retallack she had three months to live. She was jailed for 32 months at Truro Crown Court in December 2015 after admitting stalking. Appeal Court judges cut the sentence to 28 months, London's Appeal Court heard. Mrs Retall
Four-storey building in Los Cristianos, on the south of the island, collapses. Body of woman, 70, found in rubble, local media report. Three people injured, one seriously, emergency officials say. Nearby apartments evacuated over fears of a gas leak.
St Johnstone beaten 2-1 at home by FK Trakai in Europa League qualifier. Visitors took the lead through Maksim Maksimov and Vaidotas Silenas. Joe Shaughnessy headed home Liam Craig's corner to level the scores. But
More than 165,000 people have signed petition calling on government to 'cap' price rises. Travelzoo e-petition calls for Airport Passenger Duty (APD) to be suspended or reduced. Staggering holidays would help end the 'parent trap' of inflated holiday prices, say
30,000 members of Prison Officers' Association (POA) in England and Wales will take part in an indicative ballot. It follows last month's announcement that Birmingham Prison is to become the first jail in the UK to be privatised. POA general secretary Steve Gillan said prison officers were
Ivory Coast international Cyriac joins Fulham from Oostende. The Cottagers have option to buy him at the end of the season. Fulham are 11th in the Championship, five points off the play-off places.
The New York businessman-turned-politician said many controversial things and flip-flopped on a number of policy positions during the campaign. Here, we look back at 24 of his professed beliefs.
Cornelius Gurlitt was son of Adolf Hitler's art dealer. He was found with more than 1,400 works in his Munich apartment in 2012. Among them were works by Picasso, Renoir, Chagall, Nolde and Liebermann. Mr Gurl
Stagecoach to buy £82m worth of new vehicles for regional networks. A further £10m will be invested in new buses for London and about £4.5m in coaches for its megabus.com operations. Falkirk-headquartered coach maker Alexander Dennis (ADL
Granada will finish bottom of La Liga. Former England captain was appointed until the end of the season in April. He has insisted that he will not stay on as coach but has been working at the club as a consultant since November.
The A40 between Nantgaredig and Whitemill is closed and diversions are in place. A grey Smart Fortwo Prime, a black Volkswagon Golf and a grey Volvo were involved. Dyfed Powys Police are appealing for witnesses.
Moorways was closed to the public in 2016 but continued to be used by swimming clubs until the end of January. The decision was made in a bid to save about £350,000 a year. Council leader Ranjit Banwait said that whatever the cost of a new pool, it was important
Isis Academy in Oxford has been rebranded as 'Iffley Academy' to protect its reputation. The name 'Isis' was originally chosen as the school is near to a section of the Thames of the same name. It is also the name of the goddess wife of the god
Dow Jones up 0.74%, Nasdaq rises 0.92%, S&P 500 index 0.64%. Macy's, Best Buy, Macy's and Macy's all up 1% and 2% respectively. Facebook and Google parent Alphabet both rise 1.1%, Amazon
Hearing loss is considered an 'invisible epidemic' in Africa. HearScreen app can detect hearing loss with a smartphone and headphones. The app can screen two ears in less than 60 seconds and its makers claim that the system is six times cheaper than traditional testing equipment. There are
Jaeseok Lee, 40, collapsed at an address in High Street, New Malden. Hyojung Lim, 43, has been charged with his murder. Ms Lim is due before Wimbledon Magistrates' Court later.
World number one was due to play exhibition match at Hurlingham Club on Friday. Briton says his hip is still sore and he needs to rest it. Murray is still expected to begin the defence of his Wimbledon title on Monday.
Lars Lokke Rasmussen looks likely to succeed Helle Thorning-Schmidt as prime minister. But difficult talks lie ahead as his own party Venstre (Liberal) saw great losses in Thursday's poll. The biggest party in the right-bloc is now the anti-immigration Danish
Caerleon-born Machen is known for his story The Bowmen, set in World War One. Newport council is consulting on budget plans that could see the library shut. A spokesman said it would relocate the reference library if the building shut.
Rikki Evans, 28, started playing the bagpipes at 11:00 on Wednesday. He stopped playing more than 24 hours later on Thursday. Under Guinness rules he was allowed to take a 10 minute break every two hours.
Che Labastide-Wellington, from Harrow, was at a party in Belvedere Way, Kenton. Police said there had been a fight with a group of youths who tried to gain entry. Che was stabbed in a later scuffle in an alleyway at about 00:
Malaria carries serious risks for mother and baby including miscarriage, stillbirth and premature labour. The tropical disease is transmitted by mosquitoes and causes a fever, flu-like symptoms, vomiting and diarrhoea. In the UK, about 1,500 cases of malaria are reported each year and about
Green candidate Caroline Lucas launches poster launch in Brighton Pavilion. Party leader Natalie Bennett urges voters to "vote for what you believe in" Warns "the time for half measures is over" and urges big firms to pay their fair share. Brian May to join Ms Lucas to talk about
Draft Labour manifesto for general election due to be formally signed off on Thursday. It contains policies on renationalising railways and renewing the Trident weapons system. Also suggests Labour will not leave the EU without a deal. Labour would introduce an "immediate emergency price cap" of £1
She was the last leadership candidate to throw her hat in the ring. She was ordered to leave the assembly chamber when she referred to the Queen as Mrs Windsor. But during the leadership campaign she said she would meet the Queen if it was part of her duties.
Rate of expansion in hiring employees sank to a four-month low. Rate of growth in short-term jobs however had sped up since April. Suggests companies needed time to "digest the election result", which saw Conservatives win majority.
London-born Liam Stewart signs for Alaska Aces in the U.S. ice hockey league. The 21-year-old will count as a foreign import because of his junior development. His dad is a former Brentford trialist and passionate Celtic and Scotland fan.
Chester have been reinstated as a Conference Premier club and Hayes & Yeading will stay in Conference South. The Bulls' debt to their football creditors, including former boss Martin Foyle, members of the current squad, other club staff and clubs from whom the Bulls loaned players during the 2013
Ramu Chavan, 53, confessed to beheading his wife but did not divulge a motive. Police suspect he is mentally unstable and are seeking more information. Videos and images of him with the severed head are being circulated on social media.
Helal Uddin and Mohammed Anwar Hossain were freed on Tuesday evening. They were seized on 6 March from the al-Ghani oil field along with seven other foreigners. Islamic State militants were suspected of carrying out the abductions.
Tommy Sheldon died two weeks after being pulled from the inferno by a passer-by. His mother Teresa Sheldon, from Kent, has also been charged with the attempted murder of another person, who cannot be named for legal reasons. Ms Sheldon, 38, from Leyton Cross Road, Dart
UN investigators say they have five lists of names of alleged war criminals in Syria. The Commission refused to say how many suspects were named, but diplomatic sources said there were approximately 200. UN figures show that more than 220,000 people have been killed during Syria's four-year civil conflict.
Reverend John Price denies 14 counts of indecent assault on boys aged between 11 and 17. He is accused of carrying out the attacks in the 1970s and 80s. Mr Price, 82, of Bedale, North Yorkshire, who is now retired, denies the charges.
Jack Letts, 20, from Oxford, is said to have left for Iraq aged 18. He is suspected of being the first white Briton to join the terror group. John Letts and Sally Lane, denied providing money for suspected terrorism. They are due to appear at the Old Bailey
Repairs to an electrical fault on the Condor Liberation were completed earlier this week. Ferry operator Condor said a mezzanine ramp was fixed and the vessel departed at 10:10 BST.
Consultation expected to start in December on 100 sites which could be earmarked for development. The city currently has a population of around 240,500 supporting 107,000 jobs. It expects over the next 10 years to be the economic hub and main driver of the new Swansea Bay City Region
Demonstrations were held in various parts of the country including Dublin, Cork and Galway. Right2Water campaign is made up of community groups, political groupings and trade unions. Department of the Environment said three out of four people are now paying water bills.
Shane McGuigan and father Barry signed Taylor to their Cyclone Promotions company when he won 2014 Commonwealth gold and turned pro. Taylor left Edinburgh's Lochend club, where he worked under Terry McCormack, and now trains for his pro fights at the McGuigans' gym in Wandsworth
Hoard includes red and yellow pigments, shell containers, and the grinding cobbles and bone spatulas to work up a paste - everything an ancient artist might need in their workshop. It is proof, say researchers, of our early ancestors' complexity of thought. Blombos Cave on
Year-on-year growth of 7.7% was the strongest recorded in Ireland since the early 2000s. Ireland was among the eurozone's worst hit economies, with the bursting of its property bubble and soaring unemployment.
City Square could be closed off to through traffic by 2021. Move forms part of the city's 2023 European Capital of Culture bid. Plans are part of a discussion on a 20-year vision for the city.
Abertay was the first university in the world to offer degree level qualifications in computer games development. The University of Malta was the only other European institution to make either list, coming in at 23rd for postgraduate courses.
For the true believers it was simple, Scotland was a nation, not for purists the distraction of debate. Some who thirsted for independence drew inspiration from the Jacobite risings of the 18th century. But such undiluted historical nationalism was a largely private affair. "Yes
Foreign Office could not confirm the reports. Taxi driver said man hailed him near resort and asked to be taken somewhere to shoot. He had shown no signs of stress while in the taxi, the driver said.
Helen Richardson-Walsh scores twice as Great Britain beat Argentina 3-2. Sophie Bray and Florencia Habif also on target for the hosts. United States beat Japan 6-1 to stay second in Group B. Australia beat India while New Zealand beat Spain 2
Derby striker David Nugent could return after missing Monday's draw with Huddersfield. Fernando Forestieri is a doubt having only been able to play from the bench in the last two games. Midfielder Jacob Butterfield is hoping for a recall after coming off the bench
Royal Spice in Oswaldtwistle, Lancashire, temporarily closed by council. Council says takeaway has below standard allergen management and a mice infestation. Two men held on suspicion of involuntary manslaughter by gross negligence have been bailed. Megan Lee died two days after being admitted to
Caroline Wootton-Thomas, 49, forged colleague's signatures on cheques. She transferred cash to a bank account she set up in her mother's name. Grandmother used petty cash fund for debts, expensive gifts and luxury holidays. Jury convicted her of theft and transferring criminal property
ActiveQuote's software provides information on specialist health and protection insurance products. It has won four contracts to operate price comparison sites on behalf of online businesses. The Welsh government will provide Â£600,000 to back the firm.
Latest in a series of angry gestures by Pyongyang. South Korean President Park Geun-Hye has ordered the army to be on alert. North Korea has been reacting after the UN imposed some of its toughest sanctions. It is also angered by joint US-South Korean military exercises taking place
Demonstrators march outside the Iranian embassy in Kabul. Soaring fuel prices have angered many Afghans. Iran denies blocking fuel exports to Afghanistan.
Over the next decade, the urban environment is expected to increase by nearly 30%. German scientists have published a database of 390 trees and shrubs. They hope the information will help shift the focus away from the way trees look. The long term survival and evolutionary development of species populations are
Toulon's Halfpenny ruptured anterior cruciate knee ligaments. Rhys Webb suffered an ankle injury in the 23-19 win over Italy. Halfpenny has scored 508 points in 62 appearances for Wales.
Ms Goulard is the second leading figure in President Emmanuel Macron's cabinet to leave ahead of a reshuffle. Her decision was linked to a French inquiry into claims that her centrist MoDem party wrongly used EU funds to pay party workers. She is a former MEP.
Dillon was a prolific artist who began professional work at age 16. He was best known for his US collaborations with writer Garth Ennis. His brother Glyn confirmed the death on Twitter, saying his "big brother and hero" had died.
Rory McIlroy is one over as he seeks a career Grand Slam at the Masters. Defending champion Danny Willett misses the cut after shooting 78 in blustery winds. American Rickie Fowler shot a day's best 67 to lead by one shot. Spain's Sergio Garcia
Dawn has completed its first full science orbit since arriving at Ceres on 6 March. Spots were seen from a distance of 13,600km. Dawn is now heading downwards to get even closer to the body.
Alexander Young crashed his Iveco Daily van into Andrew Nisbet's parked car. The 58-year-old suffered fatal injuries when he was struck by his own vehicle. Young pled guilty to a careless driving charge at Livingston Sheriff Court.
Officials in Pakistan, Malaysia and Indonesia all said they had not formally agreed to join the alliance. Prince Mohammed said it would focus on efforts to fight terrorism in Iraq, Syria, Libya, Egypt and Afghanistan. It comes amid international pressure for Gulf Arab states to do more in the fight against so-called
Russia finished bottom of Group B after losing 3-0 to Wales and drawing 1-1 with England. Slutsky succeeded Fabio Capello as Russia coach last July, but only had a contract until end of Euro 2016. CSKA Moscow boss was told he would have to choose between
The 20-year-old has made seven senior appearances for Rovers so far in his career. Born in Wales, he has previously had loan spells at non-league sides Taunton Town and Bath City. One of five players offered a new deal by Darrell Clarke at the end of
Warner is alleged to have struck Joe Root in the early hours of Sunday morning. England and Australia players were in the Walkabout pub in Birmingham at the time. Broad put his arm around Root as soon as it happened and said 'time to go back to the hotel' Warner
Wyre Forest District Council granted planning permission for the water park. Owners say it will create between 300 and 500 jobs at the site in Bewdley, Worcestershire. The park said it hoped this would open by 2017.
Malala Yousafzai was attacked on her way home from school in Mingora, the region's main town. She came to public attention in 2009 by writing a diary for BBC Urdu about life under Taliban militants who had taken control of the valley. A Pakistani Taliban spokesman told the BBC they
Sir Harry Burns is to chair the study, which will consult NHS staff and patients. Initial report and recommendations are expected in spring 2017. Mr Burns, who stepped down as chief medical officer in 2014, said it was vital that staff felt empowered.
Michelle Mellotte, 61, took the money from Michael McGrory in February 2010. She knew her patient was suffering from Alzheimer's when she asked him for the loan. Ms Mellotte admitted fraud by abuse of her role and was given a suspended prison sentence and suspended from the medical register.
Salahuddin Quader Chowdhury found guilty of nine out of 23 charges. He is the first sitting member of the Bangladesh National Party (BNP) to be tried by the court. The BNP and his lawyers argue that the trial was politically motivated. Previous verdicts against
Wakely (112) and Keogh (105) combined to move Northants from 60-3 to 214-3. The pair's 171-run stand put Northants in command, allowing them to declare on 289-7. Leicestershire reached 44-0, 349
The St David Awards will be presented on 10 March. Peter Fuller was nominated for stepping in to stop a machete attack in Mold. Matthew James is also nominated for shielding his partner from bullets in Tunisia.
Green Valley Films' Kevin Phillips said it would be a'miracle' if it won. But it won best original screenplay of a foreign language film on Saturday. The film was written by a group of friends from Blaenau Gwent - and was their first attempt at writing a movie
10 men and three women, aged from 22 to 54, are from Lincolnshire and West Yorkshire. Ten face charges of conspiracy to hold another person in slavery or servitude. Two have been charged with cheating the public revenue and another with false representation. They are due to appear at Lincoln
The 39-year-old, who goes by Mick Fett, was born the year the first Star Wars film came out. Since the 1990s, Fett has amassed a vast collection of action figures, costumes and other merchandise. His collection fills the five-bedroom home he shares with
Oscars to be held in New York on Sunday night. The ceremony will be broadcast on ABC at 8.30pm.
Dorrans becomes Pedro Caixinha's ninth summer signing. The Ibrox club had two bids rejected by the Canaries for the 30-year-old Scot. He made 91 appearances for Livingston before joining West Bromwich Albion in 2008.
The group had been sailing around the County Down lough on Wednesday. Three crew members went ashore on Green Island. The cabin cruiser then developed electrical problems as it made its way to Salt Island.
Christopher Hannah was driving a car which struck and killed 11-year-old Sophie Brannan. Her friend Chelsea Sommerville, and Chelsea's uncle, Joseph Lloyd, were also badly injured. Hannah, who is said to be a heroin addict, admitted a charge of culpable
Items have been highlighted during sonar scanning of the waterway in an effort to locate the remains of 11-year-old Moira Anderson. She left her grandmother's house in Coatbridge on 23 February 1957 to go to the shops but never returned. Convicted paedophile Alexander G
President Zuma says there will be no increase in university fees in 2016. Universities said they needed to increase fees to maintain standards. #FeesMustFall protests have been biggest to hit South Africa since apartheid ended in 1994. They have cut across South Africa's deep political divide
Atlantis is more serious and darker than it was in its last series. Co-creator Johnny Capps says it's not necessarily a bad thing. "I think audiences now are a lot more sophisticated than they used to be," he says. Jack Donnelly, who plays Jason,
Shoppers are expected to spend almost £1bn online on Monday - up almost a third from last year. Amazon said it had its biggest sales day in the UK on Friday, selling more than 7.4 million items. John Lewis said Black Friday saw its biggest ever single-day trade
Rover has now driven more than 100m from the location on the floor of Gale Crater where it landed a month ago. Methane detected by satellite and by Earth telescopes, and its presence on the Red Planet is intriguing. The Sam analysis is ongoing but no major surprises are expected
Pressure is growing, particularly in schools on London's fringes and in cities such as Leicester, Nottingham, Reading and Peterborough. In London, around 99,000 pupils or 95% received a place at one of their six preferred schools this year - up 1,100 and nearly five percentage points from
The works were all commissioned as part of the BP Portrait Award first prize. 'Paul Smith to J.K. Rowling' opens at the University of Hull on Wednesday. The free exhibition runs at the Brynmor Jones Library until June.
Hend, 43, carded a one-over-par 73 to finish on nine under after the third round. Hatton, 24, birdied five of his last eight holes to shoot a six-under 66. Lee Westwood (68) and YE Yang (75)
Jack Russell-type dog allegedly bit girl a number of times in Skegness. Owner allegedly refused to provide her details to the child's parents. Police are treating the incident as an offence of dog dangerously out of control.
Chinese artist Ai Weiwei accused Lego of "censorship and discrimination" after it refused his bulk order for bricks for exhibition. Lego said it has never sold directly to anyone wanting to use its product to make a political statement. Ai used Lego last year to create portraits of 175 diss
Robert Kubica says he misses racing in Formula One. Polish driver is still some way from being able to compete in F1. Kubica won the 2008 Canadian Grand Prix for BMW Sauber.
Winter Olympics will see 16 stars compete in bobsleigh, slalom and ski cross. The first series saw injuries to Sir Steve Redgrave and Marcus Brigstocke, who retired hurt. Jackass star Steve-O, JB Gill, Heather Mills and Louie Spence also
Rherras is a 23-year-old left-sided player of Moroccan descent. Hearts have signed Rherras on a three-year deal from Belgian side Sint-Truiden. Six players left Tynecastle in the summer, with three first-team regulars.
Mr Abbott said it had been a tough day, but when you join the game, you accept the rules. He said he was proud of what his government had achieved, while also taking swipes at party members who had carried out "a sour, bitter character assassination" Mr Abbott's removal followed
Digital Awareness UK and Headmasters' and headmistresses' conference carried out poll. They warn night-time usage of mobiles means pupils come to school tired and unable to concentrate. Suggest putting devices away for 90 minutes before lights-out or keeping them out of bedroom.
The 1949 Delahaye Roadster was given to Dors when she was 17. It is one of only 150 Roadsters made, and only one of 51 of its specific model - the 175S. The sky blue car was expected to sell for up to $6m but went for
Qiang Gao, 39, attacked the co-worker in the kitchen of the Szechuan Express takeaway in Thatcham, Berkshire in May. The victim, 40, suffered severe head injuries including a fractured skull and had a finger partially severed. Gao denied attempted murder, claiming self-
The Lynx UK Trust has suggested trial reintroductions in Aberdeenshire, Argyll, Northumberland, Cumbria and Norfolk. It said the plan has public support and research sets out benefits of the big cats' return. The National Farmers Union (NFU) has
Retailer has been refurbishing the 160,000 sq ft store since last year. It is creating an additional shopping floor, a new cafe and a tech product area. The redevelopment includes a new entrance on Leith Street and parking spaces.
Samuel, 22, came through the ranks at Reading and has two goals in 16 senior appearances for the Championship side. He has previously had loan spells at Colchester, Dagenham, Coventry and Gillingham. Wales international Huws, 23, is a Manchester City academy graduate
Zoe Tynan died after being hit by a train at West Allerton station in Merseyside. The former Manchester City player was playing for Fylde Ladies in the Women's Premier League. Her family paid tribute to a "vibrant, generous and fun-loving girl
Cynthia Cheroitich, 19, said she drank body lotion because she was hungry and thirsty. She was only brought out on Saturday morning after security forces found a teacher she knew to convince her it was safe to come out. "I was just praying to my God," she
Mudassir Hussain of Derby pleaded guilty to preparing acts of terrorism. The 31-year-old made it to Turkey before his family alerted police, who then had him returned to England. Police said the actions of Hussain's family may well have saved lives, including his own.
Sleiman Daoud al-Afari was a specialist in chemical and biological weapons, sources say. He was seized last month in Irbil, a Kurdish stronghold in northern Iraq, it is reported. Pentagon would not confirm his capture, but said US special forces had begun operations
The BBC Sports Personality of the Year will be named on Sunday, 14 December 2014 (BBC One & BBC One HD) Voting for the main award will be from a shortlist of 10 contenders presented during the live show. The public will decide the winner via phone or via the BBC website
Hermione's race is never specified by author JK Rowling in the books. Some argue that it makes sense for Hermione to be black because of the challenges she goes through. Art by Harry Potter fans depicting Hermione as black or non-white has been circulating online.
Programme makers did not disclose the comments made by Biggins. But they said the Channel 5 show "does not tolerate offensive language" Biggs, 67, sparked controversy four days earlier over comments that bisexual people were "the worst type"
Denmark reorganised the way patients were diagnosed by GPs and specialists. It brought in a new approach to deal with those cancer cases which are not initially obvious. Part of the problem was that waiting times patients faced before getting diagnosed were too long. Prof Frede Olesen of
Area near the swimming pool in Gourock, Inverclyde, was evacuated on Monday. It is thought to be a British mine dating from the 1940s or 1950s. Evacuation affected three streets, with wider safety advice issued to residents within 500m of the device.
Uefa general secretary has included the plan in his manifesto for the Fifa election on 26 February. Infantino is one of five candidates standing for the presidency of world football's governing body. Current Fifa president Sepp Blatter has been banned for eight years from all football-related activities for breaching
Former Coventry City, Derby County, Stoke City and Watford midfielder will take charge in the summer. Chief executive Colin Gordon has been in temporary charge of the first team since January. Harriers have endured a turbulent season on and off the field. Gary Whild and Dave Hock
12 bell ringers recreated the historical chimes from 1767.
Reading Borough Council is considering permission to restore the buildings. The buildings were last used by the Witan International College 10 years ago. Restoration work will start in early 2016 and is expected to take nine months.
Vunipola has been out of action since November with a knee injury. The 24-year-old was expected to miss the whole of England's Six Nations campaign. He could now be in contention to face Scotland on 11 March, or Ireland a week later.
Flood waters have reached platform level at North Llanwrst station. Line from Llandudno Junction, Conwy, to Blaenau Ffestiniog, Gwynedd, closed for several days. A tree has been removed from the line between Aberystw
Michael Hoolickin, 27, suffered multiple stab wounds in Middleton, Greater Manchester. Timothy Deakin, 21, of Lever Street, Heywood, denied murder but was found guilty by a jury. He was ordered to serve a minimum of 27 years at Bolton Crown Court.
Manchester United finished fifth in the Premier League. Jose Mourinho is now expected to take over at Old Trafford.
Experts say the beaching may have followed the death of a dominant male in the pod. The group was in the middle of a migration towards the Faroe Islands to reproduce and feed. Two of the rescued whales stayed close to the shore, as if waiting for the others.
Residents say cars are being illegally parked on local streets by staff and patients. Hospital is looking at demountable parking decks above existing car parks as one solution. Roger Bayliss, who had an appointment for an X-ray at the hospital, said he spent more than an hour
Eurotunnel says delays are due to increased security measures. The firm said there were waiting times of up to three and a half hours in Folkestone. A teenager thought to be from east Africa was killed by a freight train in Calais on Thursday. It is the 11th person to
For the first time in India's recent history, there has been a decline in the female labour participation rate. Rising aspirations and relative prosperity may be putting a large cohort of women out of work in India. Having a high school-level education was "not found to be an incentive for women"
Wes Morgan remains out with a back injury and Nampalys Mendy is a doubt. Xherdan Shaqiri is set to miss an eighth straight game for Stoke. Phil Bardsley is out after his red card against Chelsea. Geoff Cameron's thigh problem will be monitored.
Judge dismisses girl's claim that Paul Frew linked her name to anti-social behaviour. North Antrim MLA said he felt 'vindicated' after the judgement. Mr Frew said he had never meant to harass the girl and acted in good faith.
Trafford Council closed Bollin Primary School in Bowdon, Greater Manchester. It follows a strike by teachers on Thursday, supported by some parents who demonstrated outside school. School has appointed Kylie Spark as interim head teacher while Michelle Brindle is 'not in school' A number of
Seven straight wins have lifted Glasgow Warriors into third place in the Pro12. Glasgow are two points behind leaders Leinster and Connacht with three games remaining. The top four enter the end-of-season play-off semi-finals, with the top two enjoying home advantage.
Crash happened on southbound carriageway near the Hindhead tunnel at Bramshott. The 32-year-old man was pronounced dead at the scene on Thursday morning. Police said a 33-year old man from Waterlooville had been arrested on suspicion of causing death by
Berahino, 21, was travelling at 110mph when he was stopped by Cheshire Police. He was found to have 101mg of alcohol per 100ml of blood - the drink-drive limit is 80mg. Magistrates fined him Â£3,400 and offered him a
Lebeau played Humphrey Bogart's spurned lover in Casablanca. In a famous scene, she tearfully shouts "Vive La France" Her stepson said she died on 1 May in Spain.
Stoke centre-back spent a spell on the sidelines with a similar problem last season. He also missed the start of the season after surgery on a back injury. Shawcross will now miss the second leg of the Capital One Cup semi-final at Liverpool.
Lenin Moreno of the governing left-wing Pais party falls just short of 40% needed to win outright. He will fight former banker Guillermo Lasso for the top job. There had been tension after long delays in the count.
Bangladesh army commandos performed drills inside the stadium on Thursday. No international side has toured Bangladesh since 20 people were killed in a siege at a cafe in Dhaka in July. England and Wales Cricket Board said in August that tour would go ahead following a security review.
Recorded Future found 705 emails and passwords originating from government agencies. The details were likely to have been stolen when used to access malware-ridden sites. Company scanned more than 680,000 web sources over the course of a year.
UK government will keep Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland up-to-date about negotiations. Mr Davis said he wanted to hold a monthly meeting to share analysis with each of the three nations. But Mr Russell said transparency about UK government plans was needed.
The Tayside outfit lost both their games on their maiden outing at the showpiece finals over the weekend. Dundee Stars lost 4-2 to Cardiff Devils in Saturday's semi-final and 15-8 to Belfast Giants in the third place play-off. EIHL champions
UK Sport-funded GB women's team need to rank in the top six from nations who have not already qualified. Commonwealth champion Smith is the lead candidate to represent Team GB should the GB women claim a berth. Welsh lifter Darius Jokarzadeh's first appearance in the sport
Liverpool will insist on £30m for defender Mamadou Sakho. AC Milan and Inter Milan have expressed an interest in the left-back. Serbia winger Lazar Markovic is a target for Watford and Zenit St Petersburg.
Kengo Kuma was given a tour of the site where construction of the museum's curved inner walls is underway. The architect said he was confident the museum would be completed on schedule at the end of 2017. It will take the remainder of 2016 to take the building up to roof height.
Venice's population has dropped to under 55,000, from about 175,000 in 1951. Protesters hang sign over Rialto bridge and carry suitcases to symbolise having to leave. Locals say they are being forced out by high rents, housing shortages and a surge in the
Augustin Dobre and Ionut Muti were caught on CCTV dumping waste on Priory Road, Aston. The pair dumped 42 tonnes of waste over 15 visits between August and October last year. Dobre, 23, was handed a six-month prison sentence while Muti, 24
Ministry of Defence said the crash near Kandahar air base appeared to be a 'tragic accident' Four of those on board, three soldiers and an airman, were stationed at RAF Odiham. The fifth man was an Army reservist from 3 Military Intelligence Battalion, in London.
Chinese policy of opening up to new overseas alliances presents opportunities. SCC said there was potential to sell goods and services Chinese firms and consumers needed. The trade mission saw SCC hold meetings with senior business people, politicians and local officials.
Hong Kong pro-independence candidate in court battle against Hong Kong and Chinese governments. Ms Yau and fellow party member Sixtus Leung won elections in September, gaining more than 55,000 votes between them. They sparked a furore when they were being sworn in last month,
Manchester United beat Anderlecht 3-2 on aggregate in Europa League quarter-final. Ajax, Lyon and Celta Vigo will play in the semi-finals. The draw will take place at midday on Friday.
Experts warn that African governments and online services are vulnerable to criminals. The two largest economies in Africa - South Africa and Nigeria - are each estimated to lose $500m (Â£375m) annually to cyber criminals, according to a 2016 McAfee report. Many African governments have appeared unprepared
Electoral Reform Society attacked both sides of the EU referendum debate. Said people felt 'ill-informed' by the 'dire' debate and impact of politicians was'minimal' Called for a 'root and branch' review of the way referendums are run in the UK.
Theresa May is determined to make this election about how a vote for the Tories means a "strong hand" at the negotiating table with the EU. An added dimension to this election is the potential for the Conservatives to make significant gains in Wales. Recent polling data suggests the Conservatives may be on
British number one says she has room to grow in all areas of her game. Australia-born Konta says she is proud to represent Great Britain. Konta reached Wimbledon semi-finals with victory over Simona Halep. The 26-year-old is taking a short
Paulinho is Barcelona's first signing since Neymar left for Paris St-Germain. Luis Suarez will be out for 'four to five weeks' after being injured in Super Cup defeat. Uruguayan forward will also miss World Cup qualifiers against Argentina and Paraguay.
Problem detected at water treatment works at Tophill Low and Keldgate. Yorkshire Water said it could take several hours for water supplies to return to normal. HU7 and HU8 postcodes were particularly affected by the problem.
Magical Journey, at The Belfry Golf Club, near Sutton Coldfield, closed temporarily. Bosses say they had 'no alternative' after a 'key financial backer dropped out' Ticket-holders have been advised to contact their banks for refunds.
Nathan Gill, UKIP Wales leader, told to stop 'double-jobbing' as an AM and MEP. Ms Jones is one of two people who could take up the role if Mr Gill made it vacant. The other is South Wales East AM David Rowlands.
Ghana's health ministry says it has enough nurses and it is no longer useful to keep them under bond. Policy reversal unlikely to lead to an immediate exodus of nurses. It takes four years to qualify as a nurse and those already in the scheme will have to finish their five-year service
John Porter's brother Mike, 66, died at the scene after being trampled by cows. Jury returned verdict of accidental death and said more needs to be done to prevent further tragedy. Mr Porter, 74, said: 'Accidents will always happen, sadly. But we need to
Thieves broke into the production room to steal two laptops and keys. They fled with a Mercedes Sprinter Splitter van containing crew suitcases. Comedian's Limboland tour continues later in Cardiff.
The 28-year-old has signed a new five-and-a-half-year deal at Old Trafford. But many will be asking if the striker is really worth all that money? For all the income United generate, they are a club going through a difficult transition. The
Pilgrims beat Portsmouth 2-1 to reach Wembley for the first time in 20 years. Hartley heads home from a 91st-minute corner to send the game to extra time. The 28-year-old says it is the biggest moment of his career so far.
Revised figures showed that Japan's economy expanded by 1% in the first three months from the previous three, up from an initial estimate of 0.6%. The benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended flat at 20,457.19 points. Shares were also lower despite a positive US
For the six months to June, net profit jumped to a record $1.1bn (Â£660m) from $873m one year ago. Woodside benefitted from a new pricing regime at its Pluto LNG project. The company did not offer any guidance for the rest
Small businesses need to protect mission-critical data from hackers, fraudsters and natural disasters. A third of FSB members have been victims of online crime over the last year. 43% of UK and 53% of US small businesses said they spend more time changing passwords than backing up.
Ministers asked an advisory group of experts to draft the code after BBC Scotland investigation. Hundreds of children under the age of 12 were being subjected to consensual stop searches. The new code states that stopping and searching members of the public is a "significant intrusion into their personal liberty and privacy"
The route between Edinburgh and Tweedbank had been hit by delays and cancellations. ScotRail apologised for the problems and said buses had been organised to supplement the trains that could run.
17 Welsh rugby union and league players, from grassroots to semi-pro, are currently banned. UK Anti-Doping said the other seven are among 14 players banned from rugby league. Last week Merthyr Rugby Club player Owen Morgan, 25, and Glynneath RFC's Greg Roberts
Pope Francis said humanity had lived through "three massive tragedies" in last century. He said it was his duty to honour the memories of those who were killed. Armenia and historians say up to 1.5 million Armenian Christians were killed by Ottoman forces in 1915. Turkey has always
Three people who know Lance Armstrong well give their thoughts on his confession. Frankie Andreu believes there should be no way back into cycling for Armstrong. Wife of former professional road cyclist Frankie Andreu says Armstrong has no credibility. Former French road cyclist's career effectively ended when he spoke
Glastonbury has introduced sustainable, recycled stainless steel pint cups. Only available at 10 of the main bars - overall there are hundreds of food and drink stands. Don't throw them at the band - they're awkward to throw and don't have lids. The real danger comes from
Helicopters take over role previously carried out by RAF and Royal Navy. Inverness base is one of the UK's busiest search and rescue units. 500 missions include rescues of climbers and searches for missing people.
FA has a 'three strikes' policy and the most likely punishment is a fine. City have allegedly failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. It is understood the information was not updated following a change to training routines.
PM Grindeanu was accused of failing to carry out necessary economic reforms. He was involved in a power struggle with party leader Liviu Dragnea, who was barred from office. Decision by his own party and its liberal ALDE allies to oust him was seen as a first.
Users in Doncaster, North Wales and Bristol among those affected. Sky Go Extra allows users to download movies and TV shows so they can be watched offline. Firm working to boost capacity at telephone exchanges in worst hit areas.
Ministers insist the police did their job and Parliament can't be sealed off. Security expert Professor Anthony Glees said the attack had demonstrated a "lack of protection" Parliament, which oversees its own security, said the arrangements should reflect the level of risk.
Chronic myeloid leukaemia (CMLS) sufferers often need to take tyrosine kinase inhibitors (TKIs) indefinitely. But 93% of those in new study stayed cancer-free after stopping or reducing treatment. Cancer Research UK said the results were
Thomas Jackson, 30, of Cheshire, was injured as he tried to help Mia Ayliffe-Chung, 20, in the attack at a hostel last week. Frenchman Smail Ayad, 29, has been charged with murder and attempted murder. Mr Jackson's father
Barcelona lead Atletico Madrid 2-1 from the first leg of their Champions League quarter-final tie. Luis Suarez scores both home goals, but Fernando Torres is sent off for two needless bookings. Referee Felix Brych also appears to have missed Luis Suarez kicking Juanfran
Jack Walsh is working for the hugely popular Game Grumps channel in Los Angeles. The 23-year-old's passion for film was sparked by his A-level course at Friends' School in Lisburn. He is also involved in the company's planned expansion into TV comedy on YouTube.
The men, in their 20s, were stopped at Aston Quay in the city on Friday, 29 July. Police found ecstasy tablets worth an estimated 418,000 euro (£353,176) and cocaine. A follow-up search at a D'Olier Street apartment found cocaine worth
Jeremy Corbyn has signed 19,485 Early Day Motions since 1989. These are petitions for MPs to start or put their name to motions in the House of Commons. They are a good way for an MP to draw attention to an issue without having to wait for their turn. Corbyn
Local traders believe the bad times are slowly changing in County Longford. Recent years have been bad - 30% down on the boom - with a member of staff laid off. Opposition party Fianna FÃ¡il critical of how the Fine Gael-Labour coalition is dealing with
Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson has accepted invitation to visit Moscow. Meeting will focus on relationship between UK and Russia and Syria and Ukraine. Foreign Office said UK will engage with Russia where it is in national interest to do so. Mr Johnson has been hugely critical of Russia recently, accusing it of
Lancastria was carrying up to 9,000 people when it was sunk in 1940. Only about 2,500 people survived in the largest single loss of life for British forces. Relatives and survivors have until 15 May to apply for a commemorative medal.
There are more than 33,000 fixed-odds betting terminals in the UK. Labour said they were an example of David Cameron's Britain and councils should have new powers to curb them. Culture Minister Helen Grant told MPs their future was "unresolved" and bookmakers must take immediate
Olympic gold medallist Haile Gebrselassie pulls out of New York marathon with knee injury. He has also made a name for himself as businessman, educator, philanthropist and art collector. Gebrselsassie is involved in international campaigns against climate change and malaria
Nikkei group media house has just acquired the Financial Times from Pearson. The acquisition is being called a bold and brave move for Nikkei. Little is known about the man behind the deal, but he has alluded to the need to expand.
Barcelona confirm Luis Suarez will train with the first team on Friday. Uruguay striker still banned from all football-related activity for biting Italy's Giorgio Chiellini during Uruguay's 2014 World Cup group match in Brazil in June. Suarez's lawyers argued Fifa's decision to
Lithuanian international Sernas has 35 caps for his country. The 30-year-old was previously with Wigry Suwalki, who are 14th in Poland's second tier. Sernas started his career with Dainava Alytus in his homeland.
Plans resolve concussion lawsuit filed against the federation by parents. US Soccer also intend to limit the amount of heading in practice for children between the ages of 11 and 13. There has been previous criticism of football's attitude towards concussions. New rules have been brought in for Premier League matches
Media tycoon Rupert Murdoch controls 21st Century Fox, which already owns a 39.1% stake in Sky. The proposed offer is worth £10.75 a share in cash, a premium of 36% to the closing price on 8 December. Sterling's 16% fall against
Arrests are part of an investigation into allegations of child sexual exploitation in Rotherham. The men, aged 36 and 37, were arrested on Monday in the area. Three men arrested in Goole, East Yorkshire, in November as part of the inquiry remain on bail.
The men entered the Post Office in Quarrywood Avenue, in the Barmulloch area. They threatened a member of staff with a knife and demanded money. The 27-year-old worker was said to have been badly shaken but otherwise unharmed by the ordeal.
56th event started at 07:00 BST, with 2,400 teenagers taking part. Competitors aged 14 to 19 are hiking distances of up to 55 miles (89 km) First teams are expected to cross the finish line on Sunday morning.
The National Assets Management Agency (Nama) is the Republic of Ireland's 'bad bank' It was set up to deal with toxic loans after the 2008 property crash. UK's National Crime Agency is investigating Nama's Northern Ireland deal after cash was transferred to an Isle of Man bank account
Steffan Roberts Vernon, 33, from Caernarfon, died at the Llanberis beauty spot. Alexander Hadley, 21, from nearby Dinorwig, also died on Sunday. Two others, aged 27 and 25, were treated in hospital and later released. Police
Action taken by St Columba's School in Inverclyde after details of police investigations came to light. Police Scotland confirmed it was investigating a recent allegation involving a young child. A 56-year-old man has also been reported to prosecutors over alleged historical abuse of a 15-
Ivory Coast striker Tiote died after collapsing during training on 5 June. Friends, family and former team-mates attended the memorial service in Beijing. The 30-year-old made over 150 appearances for Newcastle United.
Nikkei ends the year up 7.1%, driven by aggressive asset purchases by the Bank of Japan and a weaker yen that boosted company profits. China shares traded in opposite directions with Hong Kong's Hang Seng index down 0.9% and Shanghai Composite up 0.7%.
The Z10 has been on sale for a month in the UK, Canada and other markets. It went on sale with little fanfare a week ago in the US, Blackberry's most important market. Analysts say it is too early to judge the success of the Z10 and its
Proserv said the deals strengthened its position in the subsea controls and communications field. The company operates worldwide from 30 sites in six geographical regions.
STRB has recommended a pay rise of just 1% for teachers in England and Wales. The rise applies to all leadership and teacher pay ranges and to allowances. Teachers' unions expressed disappointment at the 1% rise, saying it would do nothing to ease recruitment and retention issues.
Overall, increased by 0.1% to 43.1%, after decades of decline. The centre-right EPP is set to take the largest share of the seats, with an estimated 208. In France, the National Front overcame its pariah status to win 24 seats. After three years
Dywedodd Charles Hendry, awdur yr adroddiad, y gallai morlynnoedd llanw fod yn "ddiwydiant newydd cyffrous a phwysig i'r Deyrnas Unedig" "
Liverpool City Council asked residents about a proposed council tax rise of 5% plus 6% for social care. Mayor Joe Anderson said the plan would not go ahead after 57% of respondents said no. He also revealed plans for a Liverpool lottery in his New Year message.
Drought and heatwave across the US has destroyed much of the country's corn crop. Under US law, 40% of the corn harvest must be used to make biofuel. UN says this could contribute to a food crisis around the world. US Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack says bio
Researchers at the University of Bristol believe shape of beer glasses affects the speed people drink. Study suggests people drink more quickly out of curved glasses than straight ones. They argue that the curvy glassware makes pacing yourself a much greater challenge.
Liverpool-born Dugdale spent a year at the National League club. Left-back Cole, 23, was recently transfer-listed having signed from Staines Town.
Mythic: The Story of Gods and Men had $4,739 in pledges out of $80,000 target. Scam exposed by users of Reddit, Something Awful and other sites. Scheme offered backers the chance of being motion captured so that they could appear as a "
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is charged with 30 counts related to the Boston Marathon bombings. Medical examiners gave graphic details of the injuries suffered by those who died in the attack. The defence began calling its own witnesses later on Monday. Mr Tsarnaev could face the death penalty if found guilty.
Walkouts in the NHS are quite different from other sectors. While unions want to make a point, they commit to not harming emergency services. NHS England releases figures suggesting only about 12,500 staff - about one in 35 - did not turn up for work.
John "Jack" Zawadski, 82, and his nephew filed the lawsuit after being told that the funeral parlour did not "deal with their kind" But the co-owner of the funeral home has tearfully denied the allegations. Henrietta Brewer said that her mort
Nottingham has more than 500 man-made sandstone caves which have been used for dwellings and jail cells. Tour will take in Mortimer's Hole under Nottingham Castle and King David's Dungeon. Caves have been digitally reproduced using the latest gaming and virtual reality technology.
Noah Zunde, who was 22 months old, succumbed to heatstroke after being left in the car for seven hours. His mother mistakenly believed she dropped him off at childcare, the inquest heard. Psychologist told the inquest he believed Romy Zunde suffered a memory lapse
Tumours can "seed" themselves elsewhere in the body and this process is behind 90% of cancer deaths. Researchers created 810 sets of genetically modified lab mice to discover which sections of DNA were involved in resisting a cancer's spread. Targeting one gene - Spns2 - led to
Hobart Hurricanes face Sydney Sixers on Friday for a place in final. Hurricanes skipper Heather Knight and Sixers all-rounder Laura Marsh are the only England players left in the competition. Thunder's male counterparts also reached the final of the men's Big Bash League.
Scottish Conservatives claim a surge in support has "sunk" a case for a second indy poll. Scottish Daily Mail claims it was the Conservatives' best-ever council election result in Scotland. Despite the Tory comeback, the SNP was still the "runaway winner", it adds
Redcar Labour MP Anna Turley is seeking help to save the building. Bell travelled around the Middle East in the early 1890s and is credited with drawing up the borders of modern Iraq. Her childhood home, Red Barns, in Redcar, has since been a pub and hotel.
Mikhail Khodorkovsky says he is considering asking for political asylum in the UK. Former head of now defunct Yukos oil firm spent 10 years in Siberian prison on fraud charges. He is accused of ordering several of his employees to kill a mayor and a businessman. Mr Putin "se
All samples submitted so far since the Grenfell Tower fire have failed, Theresa May said. She urged local authorities and housing associations to "get on with the fire safety checks" At least 79 people are feared to have been killed in the blaze on 14 June.
North Korea's state-run newspaper says the'suave' liquor will spare you a hangover. Made from indigenous ginseng called insam and glutinous rice, and cultivated by an organic farming method. Liquor has been'registered as a national scientific and technological hit'
Newcastle Falcons lost 28-20 at Worcester Warriors on Saturday. Falcons remain rooted to the bottom of the Aviva Premiership table. London Irish are also yet to record a win, but have better points difference.
Reuben Lewis was driven 45 minutes from Ysgol Cedewain, Newtown, without teachers or transport staff realising he was still on board. BBC Wales understands he was then left alone on the parked bus in Rhayader on two separate occasions. Powys council said there had been
President said that even if Paris deal was fully implemented it would only have a "tiny, tiny" impact on temperatures. Researchers have told BBC News that the President was "cherry picking in the extreme" in his use of the facts. They say that the Paris deal could make the difference
Cpl James Dunsby's temperature was 40.4C (104.7F) - well above a normal 37C. He was one of three reservists to die on the 16-mile (26km) march on a "boiling hot" day. Cpl Dun
Google is working on disease-detecting nanoparticles that would enter bloodstream via pill. Nanoparticles would be attached to cancer cells and detected by magnetic field. Wristband would take readings of the nanoparticles via light and radio waves one or more times a day. Google
Ghana are in the semi-finals of the Africa Cup of Nations. Grant's side are seeking an elusive fifth Nations Cup title. The Black Stars will meet Cameroon on Thursday for a place in the final.
Morecambe have signed 23-year-old defender from Blackburn Rovers. He is the Shrimps' third signing of the summer after Ruben Lameiras and Lionel Ainsworth. Edwards was named player of the year at Morecambe's awards night.
Melanie Harris emptied the bank account of Ted Carter, 65, who had cerebral palsy. Harris, 44, from Barnstaple, used the money for shopping trips and family presents. She was jailed for two-and-a-half years for the thefts between 2011 and 2013.
Fifa president Gianni Infantino wants to expand the World Cup to 48 teams. The number of competing teams at World Cups last changed in 1998, increasing from 24 to 32. Fifa's council will discuss the proposal at a meeting on 9 January.
Arlene went missing after a night out in County Donegal in 1994. Main suspect in her disappearance, Robert Howard, died in prison last year. Kathleen Arkinson said she felt police missed opportunities to question witnesses. She complained to the Police Ombudsman in 2006 about the police
Age UK review identified more than three million people aged over 65 with a care need. Just two-thirds of them were actually getting help, according to the review. The charity warned that the lack of support for the ageing population was risking their health. But ministers said steps were being taken
Ruth Carr attacked Alan Allan, 34, at about 09:00 on 25 January last year. Carr was wearing only underwear at the time of the attack. She had claimed Mr Allan had sexually assaulted her. A jury at the High Court in Glasgow rejected her claims of self defence.
Coalition warplanes target the headquarters of the Special Security Forces in Sanaa. At least 100 others were wounded in the strike, which reportedly struck a warehouse containing weapons. The commando unit is allied with Houthi rebels whose military capabilities the coalition has been trying to destroy. Residents
Motion tabled by Jim O'Callaghan, Fianna FÃ¡il, amid fears planned march could lead to violence. A rally in Dublin in 2006 was abandoned after rioting erupted.
Welshman Chaz Davies won the race as Northern Ireland's Rea secured an unassailable 55-point lead going into the final race of 2016. England's Tom Sykes, who needed to win and for team-mate Rea to finish outside the top 14, finished fourth.
Afghan government plans to release 72 of 88 prisoners held by the US at Bagram jail. US military says it is an "extra-judicial release" that would be "a major step backwards" The US insists they are "dangerous individuals" but Afghanistan says there is not enough evidence
Argo wins Directors Guild award for best director at 65th Annual Directors Guild Awards. Win would normally be indicator of Oscar success, but Affleck missed out on Oscar directing nomination. "I don't think that this makes me a real director, but I think it means I'm on my
State of emergency declared in Yobe, Borno and Adamawa states. Move aimed at "asserting the nation's territorial integrity" and "enhancing security" Boko Haram has seized control of parts of the north-east over the past three years. Some 2,000 people have
Mr Corrigan died at a hospice in Penarth, Vale of Glamorgan, surrounded by his family. He had been suffering from oesophagus cancer and had watched Wales play England in Euro 2016. His brother Chris, 69, said: "He could make you laugh in
Richard Michael Walsh, 43, has been charged with two counts of attempted murder and one count of assault. He will appear before magistrates in Portsmouth on Monday, police said. The boys, aged 12 and 13, were seriously injured and remain in hospital.
Latham emerged from the pack to take bronze in the men's team pursuit. 23-year-old chased down Adrian Teklinski of Poland and Lucass Liss of Germany. GB were beaten to the bronze medal by Italy in the team pursuit in Hong Kong. Elinor
Kieron Assiratti, Shane Lewis-Hughes, Morgan Sienawski, Rhun Williams (all Cardiff Blues), Reuben Morgan-Williams, Kieran Williams (both Ospreys) and Declan Smith (Scarlets) are all back. Coach Jason Strange says players are
League of Gentleman star Steve Pemberton will adapt EF Benson's novels. The comic drama, set in the 1930s, focuses on the snobbery and pretensions of life in small-town Tilling. Pemberton's League of Gentleman co-star Mark Gatiss will join
Joseph Clark, also known as Oey, played football for two local teams and was known for being a speedy winger. Jacqueline Gilchrist met Oey in 1978 when she was 16 and he was 18. The couple fell in love and had three children together. Oey died
Teen held the blade to driver Mohammed Ashar's neck on their return to the party. One boy, 16, pleaded guilty to assault and another, also 16, admitted theft. Sentence was deferred until next month for social work background reports.
England beat Netherlands Women 1-0 in Euro 2017 qualifier in Tilburg. Jodie Taylor scored the winner after Jordan Nobbs' long ball sent her racing clear. England have now conceded just one goal in their last eight matches. Mark Sampson's side will be heavy favourites to
Jonny Evans will fill the gap left by Micky Young and Peter Stringer, who will leave the club in the summer. The 22-year-old former Wales Under-20 international made his Dragons debut at 17. He will compete for a place in Bath's side with Chris Cook
The 42-year-old had regained the lead from Frenchman Armel Le Cléac'h, but was second. Thomson's next milestone is to turn north at Cape Horn as he heads towards the finish port of Les Sables d'Olonne. The Gosport-
Greens party MP Jeremy Buckingham filed the motion to the Upper House of the NSW parliament. It condemned "misogynist, hateful comments" made by Mr Trump about women and minorities. Mr Trump has apologised for remarks, which he described as "locker-room talk" Many top
The BBC will broadcast more than 3,000 hours of Olympic and Paralympic coverage. Up to 24 live HD video streams will show every moment online. Fans will be able to personalise their Rio 2016 experience on the BBC Sport website and in the app. 'My Sport' will
Transocean Winner came ashore at Dalmore, near Carloway on Lewis, in a storm. Owner Transocean has paid the money requested by the MCA to cover costs. The rig was eventually taken back under tow and scrapped in Turkey.
Operation Stack is a queuing system where lorries park on closed sections of the M20. Last week, it reached unprecedented levels when it extended to phase four for first time. Queues of 4,600 trucks stretched back 30 miles and daily cost to UK economy estimated at Â
Mark Jones, 43, who had been in hospital since the incident on 26 July, died on Saturday. Two men have been charged with attempted murder and having a shotgun. South Wales Police said a review of those charges would now take place.
West Indies beat England by 19 runs in World T20 final. Marlon Samuels top scored with 85 not out for West Indies. West Indies were chasing 155-9 from their 20 overs in pursuit of England's 155. Ben Stokes took four wickets in the final
Coetzee ran a covert counter-insurgency unit that detained and killed anti-apartheid activists. He revealed the existence of Vlakplaas in 1989 when he was smuggled out of South Africa to write his story. The unit operated in secrecy from a farm near
Six men charged with criminal offences over 1989 Hillsborough disaster. Former match commander Mr Duckenfield was match commander at FA Cup semi-final. Ch Insp Sir Norman Bettison, two officers, a solicitor and Sheffield Wednesday club secretary also charged. No organisation will face corporate charges and no
Pottery fragments and the remains of kilns used for drying grain were among discoveries made at Torvean. Archaeologists have been monitoring the building of the West Link. The new road is being built for Highland Council to ease traffic flow through Inverness.
Series of violent attacks in the past few days has shaken people in Duesseldorf, Bavaria. "I'm trying not to let it affect me too much in my daily life," says student Xenia. Alois Frank: "I think there will be more attacks like this if
The party is not happy that it was only allocated 25 seconds of airtime which was aired a month before polling day. To qualify for an election broadcast a party has to stand a minimum of 12 candidates in at least six constituencies. The Workers Party said this rule was "effectively putting a
Mayweather was appearing in Birmingham, meeting fans as part of a tour. Eyewitness says he was outside when the van was set on fire. "There was panic inside the whole hotel," says witness.
The girl was riding the Hogwarts Express train with her family from Tennessee. She suffered mild burns to her face, arm, and leg and was taken to hospital. The vapouriser was inside a man's pocket when it malfunctioned, causing minor burns to his leg.
The man was pronounced dead at the scene outside Southwark Park Primary School. Emergency services attended the scene at around 11:00 GMT but were unable to save the man. The incident has been referred to the Health and Safety Executive.
More than 200 million people have moderate to severe vision impairment. That figure is expected to rise to more than 550 million by 2050. Worst affected areas are in South and East Asia and sub-Saharan Africa. Study calls for better investment in treatments, such as cataract surgery.
Scotland beat Poland 1-0 in a friendly in Warsaw. Scott Brown scores the only goal of the game. Strachan's side have gone five matches unbeaten away from home. Scotland face Poland in a European qualifier in October.
Richard Gray, 36, admitted intending to cause fear of violence with fake firearm. Also admitted possessing knife in Worthing's Victoria Park. Sentenced to eight weeks in prison for each offence, to run concurrently.
In Poland, where it is a public holiday, people light candles at relatives' graves. In the UK, volunteers sweep away leaves and light candles contained in glass lanterns. Volunteers from the Poland Street association are in attendance at Gunnersbury Cemetery.
Broadband suppliers will now have to show upfront and monthly costs, without separating out line rental prices. The Advertising Standards Authority said customers were less likely to be misled. Research by the ASA, conducted with regulator Ofcom last year, found that most users could not correctly calculate bills.
A man entered the shop on Balmoral Place and threatened a member of staff with a weapon. He fled with cash, cigarettes and the wallet and mobile of a 61-year-old customer. Police described it as a'shocking' and 'vicious' attack on the 33-
Corporation Tax is the tax that companies pay on their profits. The current UK rate is 21% whereas in the Republic of Ireland firms pay 12.5%. Welfare Reform Bill failed to pass at Stormont on Tuesday night.
A stretch of the 100ft (30m)-high cliff in East Cliff in Bournemouth fell away on Sunday morning. The area has been cordoned off by the council amid concerns of further movement. No-one was injured but the seafront promenade remains open.
The 28-year-old has scored 37 goals in 98 appearances since joining the Lions from non-league Halifax in 2014. "He has played his best football under me and he is a big part of this squad," says Lions boss Neil Harris.
The man was due for release from HMP Littlehey in Cambridgeshire on 6 January. He had been serving a 30-month sentence for sexually assaulting a girl under 13. The Ministry of Justice said an investigation is now under way.
Tories held Bournemouth East and West, Christchurch, Dorset West, North and South and Poole. Tory Michael Tomlinson beat Vikki Slade in Mid Dorset and North Poole, a seat held by Lib Dems. Richard Drax won Dorset South
Opposition budgets had been put forward by the SNP and Lib Dems. Council leader Jenny Laing said protecting frontline services and jobs was the budget priority.
Liam Fee was only two-and-a-half-years-old when he died. Concerns were raised about the little boy on a number of occasions. His nursery alerted social services, worried by a change in Liam. Liam's case was not reviewed until further
New rules also stop Syrian refugees travelling to the US until further notice. Mr Trump said the plans were about keeping America safe from terrorism.
Changes to the Australian Citizenship Act will be introduced to parliament on Wednesday. The new laws could be applied to up to half of the 120 Australians fighting in the Middle East with Islamic State. Prime Minister Tony Abbott said the new laws would not leave anyone stateless.
Protest by 16 soldiers sparked by grievances with captain and colour sergeant. Soldiers from Yorkshire Regiment sat on the floor when ordered to stand to attention. Protest took place in February while on exercise in Kenya. 15 soldiers sentenced to detention, one of whom was dismissed from the Army.
The 33-year-old victim was playing on a fruit machine in the Rosevale Tavern in Partick. The attacker fled via a side entrance and CCTV showed him heading down Dumbarton Road. He was wearing a black quilted waist-length jacket, dark blue jeans and dark trainers
Hart's new album will be released in the autumn by Motown Records. The 37-year-old's previous albums have all been recordings of his stand-up shows. He has already been seen this summer in the action comedy Central Intelligence.
Top seed Murray beats American Sam Querrey in straight sets. British number three Evans beats Bernard Tomic in three sets to reach round four. Murray will play Germany's Mischa Zverev in the last 16 on Saturday. Former US Open champion Stan Wawrinka through to
Allen, 34, last played for the Carolina Panthers in 2015. He had an initial spell with the Vikings between 2008 and 2013. Allen also had spells with the Kansas City Chiefs and the Chicago Bears.
Dunkley will join Wigan on 30 June on a free transfer. 25-year-old made 52 appearances in all competitions for Oxford last season. Defender joined the U's from Kidderminster Harriers on loan before signing permanently in 2015.
60% of the ocean has no rules because it’s outside national jurisdiction. Report says the open ocean is at risk from climate change, over-fishing, deep sea mining, farm pollution and plastics. Authors say the Bay of Bengal is at a tipping point which could impact on
Six people died and 15 were injured when bin lorry went out of control in Glasgow. Driver Harry Clarke, 58, blacked out at the wheel and the vehicle veered off Queen Street. It came to rest against the Millennium Hotel in George Square, with six people dead and 15 injured
DUP said the claims were "outrageous, untrue and unfounded" The RHI scheme was set up by former first minister Arlene Foster in 2012. It aims to increase consumption of heat from renewable sources. But businesses received more in subsidies than they paid for fuel.
Dumfries site was the first of a number of control centres across Scotland to be closed. Review of impact of closure found satisfaction levels were 'consistently above 90%' Report to Dumfries and Galloway Council said service was proving of a 'high standard' However
The new 30-mile Borders Railway is expected to open in September. Transport Scotland officials have met with partners and offered initial advice. News of the discussions emerged in response to a parliamentary question tabled by MSP Jim Hume.
Action group Pylon the Pressure won the right to a judicial review. It claims the double wooden poles would be a blight on the countryside. Part of the cables would pass near the 16th Century Berain Farm, Llannefydd.
Saido Berahino scored the third in a 3-2 win over Crystal Palace. It was the 22-year-old's first goal in the Premier League since October. Berahino apologised on Friday for threatening to go on strike.
Lake District Calvert Trust is raising funds for new facility at Old Windebrowe site. The 60 ewes will be joined by 50 lambs to coincide with the reopening of the A591 in May. Each sculpture is sponsored by a local business and decorated by an artist.
Mario Gaspar scores stunning acrobatic goal as Spain beat England 1-0 in Alicante. Vicente del Bosque's European champions had 64% possession. England's friendly against France on Tuesday goes ahead after terrorist attacks in Paris.
The circa 600 AD coin was created by French rulers of the time to increase their available currency. The 23.5mm diameter pendant was created from an imitation of a gold solidus of emperor Maurice Tiberius. It features a suspension loop with three longitudinal ribs having been soldered to
UKIP leader Paul Nuttall says Arron Banks is causing 'negative publicity' Banks has suggested he should be made party chairman to shake up the party's policies. He said the move was 'apparently' in response to him criticising the current leadership. But a spokesman said
Cardiff Council is consulting on plans to introduce a cycle lane on Cathedral Road. Plans also include making some streets one-way and removing a traffic island. Council estimates Cardiff's population will increase by nearly a quarter over 25 years. This will result in a 32% increase in traffic and
Clarkie and Melanie Killen are the first father and daughter to officiate a senior game in Ireland. The Drumahoe pair were in charge of Tuesday's game between St Johnston and Ballyspallen. Melanie Killen also became the first ever woman umpire of a NW
Two men were convicted for abuse at Skircoat Lodge in the 1970s, 80s and 90s. Malcom Phillips, who ran the care home for nearly 20 years, was jailed for seven years in 2001. Andrew Shadders, a social worker there, who abused boys, was
Vincent Ryan, 25, was shot dead in Finglas in Dublin on Monday. He had dropped off his partner and five-month-old baby when he was killed. The gunmen escaped in a silver Volkswagen Golf that was taken in October.
Skins of insects have been found on Winmarleigh Moss, near Garstang. Baculovirus drives caterpillars on a "death march" to the top of plants. When it dies the bug bursts out to seek other victims.
Andrew Hocking, 57, sexually assaulted four girls, aged between six and 12, from 1976 to 1990. He was found guilty of one count of rape and six indecent assaults at Lewes Crown Court. Sussex Police said Hocking showed "no genuine remorse" for his actions.
Brentford move 12 points clear of the bottom three with 2-0 win over Bolton. Lasse Vibe and Nico Yennaris on target for the Bees. Zach Clough scores from the penalty spot for the Trotters. Bolton are 17 points from safety with
Luke Durbin, 19, of Hollesley, Suffolk, failed to return home after a night out in Ipswich. He was last seen on CCTV walking across Dogs Head Street in the direction of the bus station. Police have released CCTV images of a silver or white Volvo 440 seen in
Lancashire were 264 ahead when their ninth wicket fell. Alex Davies (89) and Jarvis (17 not out) added valuable runs to leave a far tougher target of 365. Derbyshire then lost both openers cheaply to end the day on 27-2.
Jordan Ayew opened the scoring for Aston Villa. Paul-Jose M'Poku equalised for DR Congo. West Ham's Andre Ayew then coolly dispatched a winning penalty, sending Ley Matampi the wrong way to seal the win.
Eight Villa supporters and seven Leicester fans were held after trying to run away from officers. Five more were arrested after being found hiding in a nearby car park. The fans were aged between 16 and 21 and had been bailed until February and March.
Two waves of bombs pounded Manchester from 20:00 GMT on 22 December, only ending at 06:00 the next day. Among the buildings hit were Manchester's Free Trade Hall, the Royal Exchange, Smithfield Market, Cheethams Hospital, the Gaiety Theatre and St Ann's Church.
Connor Farrell gave Widnes the lead. Luke Dorn went over for the hosts in his final game for Castleford. Ben Crooks, Matt Cook and Paul McShane also scored for the Tigers.
Leaked emails reveal George Clooney was mortified by poor response to Monuments Men. Jennifer Lawrence and Amy Adams didn't get the same fee as their male co-stars in American Hustle. Women sometimes get paid less than men at Sony, according to another leak. An early
Matthew Williams was found attacking Cerys Yemm, 22, at the Sirhowy Arms Hotel. He was Tasered four times by police and arrested but later died. Inquest heard he had previously made death and violence threats to his ex-girlfriend. PC Jake Silver said
Study of 15,687 adults analysed at Heriot-Watt University. Welsh government said it was working with charities on a patient guide. Chronic illnesses affect an estimated 800,000 people in Wales.
Six Russian athletes named as having had urine samples tampered with. The suspensions should stand until 31 October, according to the International Ski Federation (FIS) The decision relates to athletes Alexey Petukhov, Evgenia Shapovalova, Maxim Vylegzhanin, Alexander
NAB said between £350m and £500m more would be set aside this year. Up until the end of March, NAB had set aside £806m to compensate customers for the mis-selling of payment protection insurance. NAB is in the process of demerging and floating
Two-year-old male zebra was owned by a mobile zoo but was being housed at a stable and riding club. On Tuesday evening, farm managers were bringing in the zebra for the night when it became agitated. It trampled the paddock fence and fled towards a nearby mountain
The blaze took hold of the Royal Victoria Hospital building at about 16:20. Firefighters used six pumping appliances and breathing apparatus to battle the blaze. A Scottish Fire and Rescue spokeswoman said there were no casualties in the incident.
One policeman refused to shake hands with the president and prime minister. He said: 'There are too many problems in the police. We've had enough'
Nigeria's Inspector General of Police, Ibrahim Idris, wants all new recruits to undergo lie detector test. Move is innovative and opens up all manner of possibilities on the African political landscape, writes Farai Sevenzo. The search for honest police officers could be extended to most African states
The 1935 edition was presented to Peter Cadogan during a visit to Munich in the late 1930s. It will be sold at Silverwoods auction house in Clitheroe, Lancashire, and is expected to raise Â£1,000. Auctioneer James Thompson said some
Archaeologists are racing against changing tides to record and excavate the find in peat at Borth, Wales. Team believes the footprints could be 3,000 to 4,000 years old. They lie across an area that would have been salt marsh when the footprints were made.
Paulo Roberto Costa named a minister, governors and congressmen. Among them were members of the governing Workers Party. But the names also included rivals of President Dilma Rousseff. Several politicians mentioned have denied involvement.
Rachubka joined Bolton in September 2015, but made only eight appearances. The 35-year-old former Manchester United trainee has played over 350 career games in spells with 16 clubs.
More than 600 Jamaican nationals are in UK jails but cannot be deported. Officials say the deal could save taxpayers £10m a year when transfers begin in 2020. Almost 70% of the Jamaicans in prison in Britain are serving sentences for violence and drug offences.
Bangladesh's central bank had no firewall and used second-hand routers costing $10. Hackers aimed to steal $1bn but made mistakes that led to theft being spotted and stopped. Second-hand hardware also meant basic security steps were not taken.
Steve Sidwell becomes Brighton's fourth signing of the January transfer window. The 33-year-old had a loan spell with the Seagulls in 2002-03 when he was at Arsenal. Sidwell has featured just four times for Stoke this season.
Foster was once told he was the worst Rangers player ever by a fan on Twitter. The full-back admits that he finds it difficult to just brush criticism aside. Foster is a quick, industrious and earnest player, a winger in his youth who was converted into a full-
Hydrus Group, an oil and gas service company, has started work on a specialist manufacturing base at the Brechin Business Park. The new facility should be complete by spring 2015 and bosses say it will create 100 jobs over five years. Hydrus currently employs 50 people in Brechin at a
I know Liam pretty well and this is a big opportunity for him to go out there, give it a go and show everybody what he's got. You want to be playing on the big courts against the best players, in front of a big crowd, and there's no pressure on him,
Durham, Kent and Royal Holloway websites advertise fees of £9,250 for 2017. MPs will vote in the autumn on whether to allow an increase in tuition fees. Government will support an increase if universities can show they have high quality teaching.
Paul Colin Morrison, 51, from Burton Leonard, Harrogate, died on 20 November. A 44-year-old man is expected to appear before magistrates in December. He had originally been charged with causing grievous bodily harm on 1 November.
Pythefnos yn ôl dywedodd Ken Skates y byddai'n rhaid i'r cwmni sy'n ceisio cael cefnogaeth ar gyfer Cylchffordd Cymru roi mwy o fanylion
Elias Kachunga scored his 12th goal of the season in 3-0 win. Aaron Mooy and Nahki Wells also on target for Huddersfield. Jonathan Hogg returned to action after neck injury less than three weeks ago.
Sergio Aguero is serving a three-match ban for his violent conduct against West Ham. Manchester City face Manchester United in the derby at Old Trafford on Sunday. Mourinho says Aguero's absence makes Pep Guardiola's side "unpredictable"
Pulis managed Stoke for 464 matches over two spells and comes up against his old side with them bottom of the early Premier League table. The 58-year-old admits that a return to Stoke "could not have been scripted better" Welshman has also managed Crystal Palace in
Sri Lanka's highest run scorer Sangakkara to retire from international cricket. The 37-year-old will end his international career on home soil against India in August. He announced his decision during the second Test match against Pakistan in Colombo.
Moussa Dembele missed training on Tuesday with a hamstring complaint. Leigh Griffiths is serving a one-game ban for "provoking supporters" in the previous round against Linfield. Erik Sviatchenko is carrying a knock, while Dedryck Boyata is a long
Dumfries and Galloway Council has spent more than £750,000 on events since 2014. 38 events have attracted combined attendances of more than 160,000 people. More than 43% of audiences have come from outside the local authority. Survey found good public awareness of the
Report said number of self-harm incidents at HMP Woodhill was also "very high" It said the prison's response to deaths had "lacked rigour" National Offender Management Service said a new governor was "working hard" to improve things.
Paul O'Connell retired from international rugby this year after the World Cup. Hooker Best is a candidate to succeed him but Jamie Heaslip could be favourite. Best recently signed a new two-year contract with the Irish RFU.
More than 20 competitors are due to take part in Saturday's event. Carvers from Scotland, England, Ireland as well as continental Europe, Canada and the US regularly enter the competition.
Irfan Patel, 33, was found guilty on Friday of cruelty against children. In the last year, three teachers from madrassas in Lancashire have been convicted. The schools are unregulated and teachers often have no training.
Gove and Johnson go to bed with only one speech prepared - to acknowledge defeat. Boris felt he was staring down both barrels of a gun - did he really want to be PM? Was this the turning point? Too soft, too un-Brexity, for Michael Gove?
Ofgem chief Dermot Nolan said wholesale energy costs have fallen by a third. He said prices should be cheaper "for the vast majority of people" Energy UK said there was a competitive market of 34 suppliers and people should switch.
DJ will be joined on the Dorset festival line-up by 90s girl group All Saints. Frankie Goes to Hollywood frontman Holly Johnson will also perform. The annual event takes place at Lulworth Castle from 27 to 30 July.
Brookes will miss Saints' Premiership game at Leicester on Saturday and their Champions Cup game with Leinster. Newcastle lock Calum Green has also been banned for a week after admitting striking with his arm. Brookes was dismissed in the 38th minute of Saints' 22-16 defeat
Labour leader says he is "very angry" that so many lives were lost in the fire. Harriet Harman criticises PM for failing to meet residents at the scene of the tragedy. Theresa May says residents are in her thoughts and prayers and has ordered a public inquiry. Labour
Mike Hearn, a long-time proponent of Bitcoin, says he has sold all of his own bitcoins. Hearn says he will no longer take part in the currency's development. Bitcoin is a system of digitally created and traded tokens to which value is assigned. The biggest issue
27-year-old man from Blackburn was riding a grey Triumph Daytona motorcycle. He crashed along the B6479 near Selside on Wednesday evening. The road was closed for five hours to allow collision investigators to examine it.
Six girls were taking part in the FIRST Global Challenge competition in New York. They took home a silver medal for 'can-do attitude' and 'courageous achievement' Their story made the news because they weren't going to be allowed to go to the competition. The girls had
Ben John, Sam Parry, Jeff Hassler and Dan Evans score tries for Ospreys. Dafydd Howells, Keelan Giles, Ma'afu Fia, Alun Wyn Jones and Dan Biggar also score tries. Fly-half Sam Davies scores 11
Met Office said rain and sleet showers had caused ice to form on roads across Scotland. Two police officers were taken to hospital after they were hit by a car on the A77 near Kilmarnock. Alex Salmond thanked emergency staff and other workers for keeping the country running.
Sir Elton says he performed 10 concerts in "agony" on European tour before he called in doctors. He is on a course of "intensive antibiotics" and is expected to undergo surgery "in the coming weeks" Singer has had to postpone a series of summer festival dates including shows
In 1975, cryptographer Whitfield Diffie devised "public key cryptography", which revolutionised encryption. Diffie's system took encryption keys away from the state and marked the start of the so-called "Crypto Wars" NSA had been accustomed to being the only place that cryptography was done
Deutsche Bank says markets are unsettled by the prospect of a Labour-led government. It says it would lead to increased taxes, less austerity and a slower reduction in the deficit. But Labour's position on how to deal with the surge in popularity of the SNP is not settled, says
Markit's latest Purchasing Managers' Index fell to 53.6, from 54 in May. Analysts said the strong dollar was weighing on factory orders. US construction spending posted a solid gain in May, led by a big jump in non-residential projects.
Muhammad Ali's 1974 world heavyweight title fight with George Foreman was held in Kinshasa, Zaire. The Stade Tata Raphael is now home to a boxing club named in Ali's honour. There are about 120 semi-regular attendees, including more than 40 who hope to
Residents of 650 flats in Camden evacuated at short notice from their homes over fire safety concerns. Local council says it will remove external thermal cladding from five tower blocks on the Chalcots estate. Residents of four of those blocks were asked to move out temporarily. Many feel like the evacuation
1.2 million people aged 16 to 25 in England have stayed in an unsecure or unsafe place. Connor Lawson, who plays Alex, and Gaia Marcus, from homelessness charity Centrepoint, join Jenny on the sofa.
Aer Lingus says it has reallocated its planes to routes with greater demand. Summer routes were due to end in late September. Airline says it will offer a refund or alternative flights to those booked to fly in September.
Explosion happened at a vehicle repair unit, Interior Minister Suleyman Soylu said. South-eastern Turkey has seen frequent clashes between PKK and Turkish security forces. Turkey is five days away from a key referendum on granting President Recep Tayyip Erdogan sweeping new powers.
Here is her life in pictures. Here are some of her most memorable moments.
Munashe Charles Kutyauripo, 16, known as Charlie, was attacked at Ashton Playing Fields following his friend's party. Police said the boys were arrested at separate addresses and were in custody. Detectives are continuing to search for Aaron Alexander Tavares-Gaiete.
Ballinamallard are 11 points clear of Carrick Rangers with four games to play. Carrick are not in action until Saturday, when they take on Ards. Portadown came from behind to beat Carrick 2-1 last weekend.
Ukrainian Cyber Troops, Cyber Berkut and Anonymous International present themselves as independent activists. They hijack official documents and private communications, and websites are blocked. Cyber Berkut claims to have retrieved confidential documents from a mobile device used by one member of Joe Biden's team while in Kiev.
Kevin McKell's suitcase set off alarms going through an X-Ray machine. He told security staff that he had a knuckle duster and a knife. But a check revealed three CS gas canisters, seven knives and 10 knuckledusters. McKell admitted possessing the
Tata Steel has said it plans to sell the rest of its UK steel business. The Scunthorpe steelworks is a key part of Tata Steel's long products division. Greybull Capital has been in talks to buy the division for nine months. London-based investment firm
Phil Mickelson shoots lowest ever Open score at Royal Troon. Defending champion Dustin Johnson cards a round of 71. Patrick Reed and Martin Kaymer are second on five under. England's Andy Sullivan is four under, one shot ahead of Justin Rose and Rory McIlroy.
TfL remains confident, although it admits there will be breakdowns. Here's some advice for tourists and Olympic visitors to make transport easy.
FTSE 100 index was down 17.61 points at 6,910.66. Shares in WH Smith rose 2.9% after flat like-for-like sales in the three months to 30 May. Royal Mail rose 0.7% to 527.50p.
5,423 assaults on prison staff in the year to the end of March, up 40%. Self-inflicted deaths up 28% to 105 - the highest for six years. 65 prisoners were released in error in 2015-16 - a six-year high. Justice Secretary Elizabeth Truss
SNH had previously heard complaints about'significant problems' with irresponsible owners. Farmers said some were unable to control their dogs around livestock. Advice includes opening up less sensitive areas to dog walkers rather than trying to ban them completely.
Lead singer of The Alarm is encouraging US congressmen and senators to 'Get On The List' Mr Peters co-founded the Love Hope Strength Foundation in 2007 to encourage more people to sign up as potential lifesavers. The US visit follows a similar recruitment drive in Westminster in 2013.
Welsh Government's spending plans to be presented to AMs for first time. Last financial plan saw cuts for local government but rises for NHS and education. But for 2017/18 we are expecting that to shrink to something between £14.6bn and £15.8bn.
The accident happened at the Mill Street level crossing in Leominster, Herefordshire. No-one was injured in the crash but the nearby A44 is likely to be closed all day. Replacement buses are running between Shrewsbury and Hereford.
Cian Healy suffered suspected ankle ligament damage against Western Force. Healy was taken off on a stretcher in the 37th minute of the 69-17 win on Wednesday. The Ireland international has also been cited for allegedly biting Western Force scrum-half Brett Sheehan.
1Malaysia Development Bhd, set up by Mr Najib in 2009, was meant to turn Kuala Lumpur into a financial hub and boost the economy. But it started to attract negative attention in early 2015 after it missed payments for some of the $11bn it owed to banks and bondholders
Glasgow City Council's executive committee approved £20m to improve existing housing. Homes are planned to be for social or mid-market rent and it is hoped they will be completed by 2021. Eight sites in the area have been identified for development.
Price of Brent crude fell to $27.67 a barrel at one point, its lowest since 2003. US crude fell as low as $28.36, while Morgan Stanley analysts say $20s oil is possible. Saudi Arabia is keener on preserving its market share than cutting production to
Welsh government says Jobs Growth Wales has not been scrapped and placements will continue. Last year, the scheme's budget was cut in order for cash to go to the NHS. Labour-run Welsh government said this had not affected the scheme which hit all its targets. George Osborne said
Rallies took place in London, Cardiff, Edinburgh, Lancaster, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester, Bristol and Shipley. Organisers said they were overwhelmed by the number of people who took part. The events draw inspiration from the Women's March on Washington, which attracted 200,000.
Two men have been arrested on suspicion of murder following the death of a 22-year-old man. Ambulance staff were called to Bartley Green, Birmingham, at about 22:50 BST on Monday. The man was taken to hospital and died shortly after, a police spokesman said
Holyrood's economy, fair work and jobs committee will examine pay gap. Ministers said they were committed to removing the barriers faced by women. Difference between men and women's median hourly earnings for full-time work in Scotland fell from 7.7% in 2015 to 6.2
Margaret Slater, who has dementia, was taken to Queen's Medical Centre Nottingham. Her family said there appeared to be too many patients for the number of staff. In the week beginning 9 November, the hospital had 3,870 emergency admissions. 80.7% admitted to ward within four
European Parliament withholding half of Marine Le Pen's salary and expenses. Allegations - denied by the FN - have now gone to French investigators. Ms Le Pen says she is the victim of a politically motivated vendetta. The National Front is highly critical of the EU, rejecting its liberal
Pay threshold will apply to people wanting to remain permanently after more than five years working in the UK. Those who don't qualify will be ordered to leave the UK after six years. Scientists and researchers in PhD level jobs will also be exempt from the earnings test.
Britannia received a record score of 96%, the highest mark ever awarded to a visitor attraction in Scotland. Almost five million people from around the world have visited The Queen's former yacht since it opened to visitors in Edinburgh in 1998. With 308,906 visitors in 2015, the Royal Y
Aslef said it had been told that unless drivers agreed to rosters they would automatically be imposed and no pay offer would be made this year. The union said LU had "closed down" negotiations, however LU said these claims were "completely untrue"
Chapel Bay Fort and Museum at Angle will open on 3 April after restoration work. The coast artillery fort was completed in 1891 and is the earliest known fort in the world constructed in concrete.
North Wales Fire and Rescue Service received 30 calls after Sunday's deluge. Homes and streets were hit in Llay, Rossett and Gresford in Wrexham. Residents in at least four properties are being rehoused while repairs are carried out.
Allegations relate to Olmert's time as mayor of Jerusalem in the 1990s. He has already been charged in three unrelated corruption cases. Latest charges concern construction of a luxury residential complex in Jerusalem.
Proposed deal would see all migrants travelling to Greece from Turkey sent back. In return the EU might offer Turkey incentives, including financial aid and visa-free access to Schengen countries. Aim is to establish a joint position of all 28 EU member states before talks with Turkish PM.
New laws in Mississippi and North Carolina allow businesses to refuse service to LGBT people. Travel advisory from UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office says attitudes toward LGBT people are different. North Carolina law says transgender people must use public bathrooms according to their birth certificates. Mississippi's law has a similar provision
Gillingham are hoping to construct a new stadium at Mill Hill in Medway. The League One side have been based at their current 11,582-seater Priestfield ground since 1893. They are 18th in League One, four points above the relegation zone.
The body of the 36-year-old was found in a house in Glenfinnan Road on Wednesday. Two officers were seen at the property on Friday afternoon. It was cordoned off by police tape and a bunch of flowers lay outside.
Luke Varney gave Ipswich the lead with his side's first real effort of the game. Scott Carson somehow let the ball creep into the net despite getting two hands to the effort. Derby move out of the bottom three by virtue of goal difference, despite having lost for the third successive match.
US researchers say the slow-is-more-accurate rule generally applies. They looked at physics behind releasing a projectile with the human arm. Their equations suggest a slow underarm throw is the best strategy for getting a piece of paper into a bin.
Oliver Hannon-Dalby and Matthew Lamb have both signed one-year extensions. Thornton, 24, made his first-team debut for the Bears in the One-Day Cup win over Northamptonshire on 27 April. Lamb, who turns 21 next week,
Anyone can win the prize by correctly predicting the result of all 51 games in the Euro 2016 football championships. Odds of winning are only slightly better than the odds of guessing the mobile phone numbers of the next two strangers you see in the street. The UK does not send £50 million a
Yellow warning will remain in force until 11:00 on Sunday. Forecasters said snow is expected even at low levels in northern Scotland. Showers accompanied by sub-zero temperatures will see ice form on untreated roads.
Several first-team regulars at Hibs are out of contract this summer. Hibs captain David Gray is among those coming to the end of their current deals. Easter Road side will face Aberdeen in Scottish Cup semi-final on Saturday.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter says there may be a new president in "the near future" Jeffrey Webb had been linked with the role in 2015, but says he will not be the next president. Blatter was speaking at the opening of a Concacaf sport summit in the
3% of men suffer from the condition. Researchers in Birmingham say new dads can find it hard to seek help.
Eric Bristow asked on Twitter why victims did not "sort out" their abusers "when they got older and fitter" More than 20 ex-footballers have made allegations of child sex abuse. Bristow suggested that darts players were "tough guys" and footballers "w
Tashan Corpe, 27, died in Sedgemoor Road, Bath, on Sunday. Police have charged Josh Farnham, 30, with murder. Rachel Smith, 42, has been charged with assisting an offender. Both appeared before Bristol Magistrates' Court on Wednesday.
BBC director general Tony Hall sets out plans for the next decade. Plans include a children's iPlayer and a pool of local reporters sharing work with local newspapers. But he warns funding cuts will mean the loss or reduction of some services.
Home Depot's fourth quarter sales rose 9.5% to almost $21bn (Â£14.9bn) between November and January. Retailer has benefited from pent-up demand in the housing market. Existing home sales rose by 0.4% in January, on
Bell, 19, made three first-team appearances for Dale in addition to loan spells at Chester and Droylsden. He follows former Forest Green striker Reece Styche among the Tynesiders forward imports this summer.
Eight senior managers are charged with murder over the Soma coalmine tragedy. An underground fire sent deadly carbon monoxide through the mine last year. It was modern Turkey's worst industrial accident. The trial was adjourned until Wednesday because the accused must testify in person.
Senior RAF commander says IS has been firing missiles at coalition planes. But so far no aircraft has been hit, says Lieutenant General Mark Carleton-Smith. Iraqi government and Kurdish Peshmerga forces intend to launch an offensive on IS in Mosul in the coming weeks. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon says
The Australian Open champions beat the second seeds in straight sets. The Briton and the Brazilian went 4-0 up in the opening set and held firm to remain top of the ATP doubles rankings. A reflex Murray volley sealed the match and improved their season record to 17 wins and only three defeats
Damon Smith is accused of unlawfully and maliciously making or having in his possession an explosive substance. North Greenwich station was evacuated last Thursday during the alert. Mr Smith was remanded in custody until 17 November.
Policemen found guilty of staging extrajudicial killing known as a fake encounter. Another 10 police officers also charged in the case have already died. Police often see cases evaporate as trials are delayed and witnesses turn hostile.
Sir Anthony Seldon says China's strict schooling style needs to change. Chinese schools, often criticised for rote and repetitive learning, should be more holistic. Comments come during Chinese President Xi Jinping's visit to the UK.
Green paper aims to increase public trust in business in the face of anti-globalisation. Other proposals include improving effectiveness of remuneration committees and votes on pay packages. It comes after Theresa May appeared to row back from plans to force companies to appoint employees to their boards.
Ferguson Shipbuilder, Port Glasgow, laid off last August when it went into administration. Entrepreneur Jim McColl, who took over the business, said it now employed 140 staff. He plans to invest up to Â£65m in the yard, which was the last in Britain fully
Dorothy Leyden's body was found on waste ground in Collyhurst in April 1971. Her sister Pat Atkinson has made an emotional appeal for more information on her death. The appeal will be shown on Crimewatch later on BBC One at 21:00 BST.
Megan Bannister, 16, died before the collision in Enderby, Leicestershire. Two men, aged 27 and 28, have been arrested on suspicion of murder. Post-mortem reveals Megan's injuries were not consistent with a crash. She was due to take the
Deputy Hunter Adam handed the Bailiff Richard Collas a letter informing him of the decision following a recess for his board to discuss its options. Deputy minister Barry Brehaut and deputies Elis Bebb, David Inglis and Arrun Wilkie have also resigned.
Chelsea appoints Guus Hiddink as its new manager. Hiddink replaces Jose Mourinho, who was sacked by the club on Thursday. The 69-year-old won six Dutch league titles and the European Cup in two spells as PSV Eindhoven boss. He
Chan siblings win their third doubles title of the year. Broady and Watson win in just over an hour in their first final as a pair. Watson suffered a second-round singles defeat by Caroline Wozniacki, while Broady failed to get past round one.
Mal Meninga's side went through the tournament unbeaten. Blake Ferguson, Josh Dugan, Trent Merrin and Johnathan Thurston scored tries. Darius Boyd extinguished any hope of an unlikely comeback with a score shortly after the restart. Two tries from Jordan Kahu reduced the deficit
60 seasonal workers have had their contracts terminated early at Surf Snowdonia. Eight permanent staff have also been made redundant at the Conwy Valley attraction. The lagoon, which generates a man-made wave using new technology, suffered its third fault last week. Bosses have apologised to
Flames tore through Newsome Mills, a four-storey former textile mill in Huddersfield. The mill site is Grade II-listed and was founded in 1827 and was a working mill until 1983. Most of the buildings were let out as business units until the site was
Prof Richardson was speaking at the British Council's Going Global education conference. She argued that "radical ideas belong in a university" and should be debated. Last week, Prof Richardson was nominated as the next head of Oxford University.
Richard Linklater wins best director and Patricia Arquette best actress. Timothy Spall wins best actor for painting JMW Turner in Mr Turner. The Lego Movie wins best animated film and Ida wins best foreign film.
Richard Ellis is the council's former interim director of corporate governance. Ciaran Monaghan and Ewan Sutherland are both going under a voluntary redundancy and early retirement scheme. Stephen Flynn, the leader of the opposition SNP group, said he expected further departures in the coming months.
Brooke Henderson and Lee Mi-rim lead after two rounds at Sahalee Country Club, Seattle. Only five players are under par at the halfway stage of the second women's major of the year. Ko won the ANA Inspiration in March to add to her victory in the Ev
Mr Garner will join Nationwide in spring 2016 to replace current chief executive Graham Beale. He will leave Openreach, the fixed-line network provider, after almost two years in charge. Mr Garner said the Nationwide job was "too good to turn down"
Kilmarnock have signed defender Daniel Waters on a two-year deal. Waters spent last season on loan at Dumbarton and Alloa. The 21-year-old was previously with Celtic's development squad.
Gwynedd council decided to go ahead with establishing a new Church in Wales campus. Governors want it designated as a community site and 500 people have signed a petition. In December, the council alleged the church no longer supported the project, something it denied. A report is expected to be
Muzaffer Ali, 39, from Luton, Bedfordshire, denied importing prohibited weapons. He was found guilty of conspiracy to evade the prohibition on the importation of a prohibited weapon. Ali sourced the weapons from criminals in Amsterdam while other members of the gang provided security, delivered the firearms
Nasa's New Horizons probe will fly past Pluto on 14 July at almost 14km/s and at an altitude of just 12,500km. New Horizons' 23-second thruster burn will adjust very slightly its speed and arrival time. The spacecraft needs to take a very calculated path
Cipriani will return to Wasps after four seasons at Sale Sharks. The 28-year-old has won 14 caps for England but missed out on the Six Nations squad. He spent the 2011-12 season at Australian side Melbourne Rebels.
EDF, which is financing most of the £18bn Hinkley Point project, approved the funding at a board meeting. Contracts were to be signed on Friday but Business Secretary Greg Clark has said the government will "consider carefully" before backing it. EDF chief executive Vincent de Riv
Grimsby took a 3-2 lead with goals from Padraig Amond, Omar Bogle and Nathan Arnold. Rhys Browne equalised for Aldershot but Jon Nolan's late winner was enough for victory. The result keeps Paul Hurst's Grimsby side third
Fast food company says it can't get enough potatoes because of industrial action in America. More than 1,000 tonnes of potatoes have already been flown in to try to boost supplies. A further 1,600 tonnes will be imported by sea but they won't arrive until January.
Wales international will become first active international to play at Twickenham since Dan Vickerman in 2009. The 29-year-old, capped 77 times by Wales, is currently studying part-time at Cambridge's Queens' College. He will join new club Harlequins after the
Judges are concerned that they have seen a worrying increase in cases where rapists have filmed their attack and the victim. Judges should be able to send offenders to jail for longer where modern technology proves to be an aggravating factor in increasing the victim's suffering, the Sentencing Council says.
Powell joined United for £3m from Crewe in 2012. He was loaned out to Leicester City and Hull City before his contract expired in June. Powell scored 12 goals in 41 appearances for Wigan during a loan spell in 2013-14.
Christian Kern was sworn in as president on Tuesday. He replaced Werner Faymann who quit after losing the support of party colleagues. The SPO were trounced in the first round of presidential elections last month. Far-right party's candidate Norbert Hofer faces a run-off
The 21-year-old is the first man to win the Masters wire to wire in 39 years. He is the second youngest winner in Masters history and the first to go to 19 under (before a bogey on the last) Spieth is still young enough to do exactly what his
Up to a million people still needed to complete their tax credit renewals. HMRC warned that anyone who failed to renew their tax credits could be in danger of having payments stopped. The tax credit helpline is open until 20:00 BST on Saturday and Sunday.
Wilder is currently on a one-year rolling contract with the League Two side. The 48-year-old ex-Oxford manager has guided the Cobblers to promotion from League Two. Bolton Wanderers chairman Ken Anderson said on Monday that the club had a shortlist of
Edinburgh Caps ended seven-game winless run with 3-2 win over Dundee Stars. But they were beaten 6-0 by Dundee in Sunday's rematch on Tayside. Fife Flyers beat Manchester Storm 4-2 and Braehead Clan 4-3 at Nottingham
MSC Oscar is 396m long and has a capacity of 19,224 standard containers. It is shorter in length than the previous holder the CSCL Globe, which docked in January. More than 200 people lined the beach to welcome the ship's arrival.
Nick Selman scores 101 not out as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire by eight wickets. Batsman was dropped on eight in the first over of the day in the Welsh capital. Aneurin Donald's quick-fire 36 not out was the next best for the
LGA says government needs to find 'genuinely new money' to meet funding pledges. Ministers say money raised from sugar tax on soft drinks will be spent on improving child health. But the LGA says schemes to improve pupils' health cannot be seen as 'non-essential'
The first Land Rover was introduced in 1948 and its basic design has changed little over the past six decades. The carmaker has also released the first images of the concept car upon which the new Defender will be based, the DC100. This is set to make its public debut at next month
Southampton defender Van Dijk has been linked with a move away from St Mary's. Chelsea, Manchester City, Arsenal and Liverpool have all been reported to be interested. Van Dijk joined the Saints from Celtic for £13m in 2013 and has made 55 appearances, scoring four times.
Dutch firm says PPGP's offer shows a 'lack of cultural understanding of the brand' PPG said it was disappointed by Akzo Nobel's decision and would'review' its response. It comes several weeks after PPG increased its offer to buy the Amsterdam-based firm for
Last season's treble winners had almost 50 attempts on goal, with Clare Shine scoring a hat-trick. Aberdeen, Rangers and Spartans all netted five goals in disposing of Jeanfield Swifts, Hamilton and Stirling University. Hibernian won 1-0 away to
Red Cross has had to halt deliveries to the Red Sea port of Hudaydah. It said this was partly because it had not received security guarantees. The port has also been targeted by warplanes from a Saudi-led coalition. UN attempts to bring in five cranes to replace those
Economic Minister Simon Hamilton had previously said the rescue package was crucial to attracted US-inward investment for Northern Ireland. United Airlines statement said: 'We have regretfully taken this decision because of the route's poor financial performance'
Bafana Bafana are without a win in four games in Group M. They drew their latest games against Cameroon 2-2 and 0-0. The 65-year-old believes South Africa still have a chance to make it to next year's finals.
Wikipedia is the world's sixth most popular website. The Russian edition has more than one million entries. It comes amid increasing Kremlin control of the web.
Fearon finished fifth in the four-man bobsleigh at the 2014 Winter Olympics. The 27-year-old had already represented Great Britain at the Winter Games in Sochi in 2014. Fearon tore to victory in the 100m in the English Championships, clocking 9.96 seconds
Celtic and Dundee are exploring the possibility of playing a game in the US. Kilmarnock striker Boyd has experience with MLS side Portland Timbers. A formal proposal is set to be put before the Scottish Professional Football League regarding the Dundee v Celtic match in the next few weeks
Zaneta Krokova, 11, and Helina Kotlarova, 12, died after the crash. Four men, aged 59, 48, 38 and 18, remain in custody. A fifth man, aged 23, has been de-arrested, police said.
Gape has spent four months on loan at Adams Park this season. The 22-year-old has played 20 times for Gareth Ainsworth's team, scoring once. Gape made one first-team appearance for Southampton, against Everton in December 2014.
Bailey Matthews given Richard Whiteley award at Yorkshire Awards. Cricketer Joe Root receives Sporting Achievement award. TV chef Rosemary Shrager named Woman of the Year.
Max Boykoff founded the Media Climate Change Observatory a decade ago. From 2004 to 2014, coverage of climate change has dropped: 36% globally, 26% in the US and 55% in UK. Jennifer Morgan is the Global Director of the World Resources Institute. Robert Gifford
David Ginola is being paid £250,000 by betting firm Paddy Power. Ginola's bid has the support of pressure group ChangeFifa. The 47-year-old is attempting to raise £2.3m to fund the challenge.
Englishwoman Evans, 29, is a 10-time ladies' champion. Mark Selby is the top seed, with five-time winner Ronnie O'Sullivan seeded second. Jimmy White, six times a runner-up at the Crucible, meets James Wattana.
England legends take on Hawk Green 1st XI in Twenty20 match. Mal Loye top-scores for England Legends with 117. Justin Blackhurst scores 88 as home side make 165 in 20 overs.
Burkina Faso have named a preliminary 24-man squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. Charles Kaboré, Préjuce Nakoulma, Jonathan Pitroipa and Bertrand Traoré all have injury concerns. Bakary Koné is another player from
PC Peter Hodgkinson discharged the weapon while Andrew Pimlott, 32, was holding a lit match at his parents' home in Plymouth in April 2013. Inquest heard two police officers went to the home after his father called 999. PC Hodgkinson said he only fired because he feared Mr P
Southern reinstated a full timetable after three months of reduced services. The firm's parent company, GTR, said an offer, which includes a Â£2,000 bonus, "cannot be available indefinitely" if strikes continue. But RMT bosses said the union had already rejected the
More than 1,300 people fled Middletown, north of San Francisco, as their homes were consumed by the flames. Four firefighters who were badly burned are receiving treatment in hospital. The fires across northern California are being blamed on high temperatures and years of drought.
Southport have lost their last three games and are only a point above the drop zone. Steve Burr, 57, joined the Sandgrounders in September to replace Andy Bishop. Watson, 46, has spent eight years as manager at Southport in two spells.
Sherri Papini, 34, was abducted while jogging near her home in Redding, California, on 2 November. She was discovered with a bag over her head and chained at the waist and wrists on the side of a highway. Her husband Keith said she had suffered "repeated beat
Council said it would need Â£700,000 to bring the Arthur Hill Memorial Baths up to standard. It would sell the building to help pay for a new facility in the area in about four years. Campaigners have now set up a community interest group in a bid to reopen
Did you know the word emoji literally means "picture" (e) + "character" (moji) in Japanese? Get cracking on these answers at the bottom of the page.
Sgt Louise Lucas, 41, was airlifted to hospital but later died. Her daughter Olivia, eight, was also injured in the incident on The Kingsway. Swansea council said it would install temporary barriers along the central reservation of the road.
The 29-year-old, who carded a round of 59 in January, began the final round with a four-stroke lead. He put his tee shot into the water at the 16th, made a double bogey and was tied for the lead at 14 under. However, Hadwin
Greater Ardoyne Residents Collective (Garc) is protesting against an agreement aimed at resolving a long-running dispute in the area. They are planning to stage a protest on Friday night. Community advert placed in the Irish News said the protest would not help ease tensions.
Suffragette Oak in Kelvingrove Park won a public vote from six trees. It was nominated and championed by Glasgow Women's Library. The oak will now compete with entries from 15 other countries.
Northern Irish cyclist Irvine won the 2013 World Championship scratch race. The 30-year-old became the first Irish cyclist to win a world track title in 117 years. Irvine also won a World Cup gold in Manchester in the same year. He was named Northern Ireland Sports Personality of the
Winger Young won the last of his 30 caps against Ukraine in September 2013. The 29-year-old has been in fine form under Louis van Gaal this season. Young has been used as a full-back and at wing-back this campaign.
Kudankalum was the scene of mass protests over safety concerns last year. India's Supreme Court ruled that the power station could start operations. The plant is one of many that India hopes to build as part of its aim to generate 63,000 MW of nuclear power by 2032.
Margaret Gleeson, 70, died two days after a hernia operation in October 2015. Coroner ruled out neglect and said she died due to a rare complication. But he said he wanted to highlight concerns raised during the hearing. Wrightington, Wigan and Leigh NHS Trust said it
Munster beat the Ospreys 26-17 in their Guinness Pro12 clash. Dave Kilcoyne scored the winning try for Munster. Ospreys coach Tandy was unhappy with two incidents from the game. Tandy felt his players were unfairly tackled by Francis Sail
Office for Nuclear Regulation (ONR) warns Devonport might need enhanced monitoring until 2020. Babcock, which carries out refitting for MoD, said safety was its 'highest priority' ONR said once-a-month inspections of HMNB Devonport had'more effort'
A 16-year-old boy is in a critical condition following incident in Penilee Road. Police had earlier released an image of a man they wanted to speak to. A spokeswoman said he had been located in the Dumfries and Galloway area.
The girls were touched inappropriately in the Castaway Camp playground in Windsor, Berkshire. Thames Valley Police refused to give the suspect's age or say where he was arrested. The boy has since been released on police bail until 2 December.
FA Regulatory Commission upheld Blues' appeal for wrongful dismissal. 20-year-old striker was sent off by Mike Jones in Blues' 2-0 win on Saturday. Adams is now free to play against Bristol City on Sunday.
Sinead Higgins, 37, and son Oisin O'Driscoll were found dead on Wednesday. Police forced their way into the house in The Fairway, Ruislip, west London. Detectives do not believe a third party was involved in the deaths.
The RCN is working on national advice to encourage more animal visitors. In a recent survey of 750 nursing staff, 82% said animals could help patients be more physically active and 60% said they believed animals improved physical recovery. Many nurses said animals were not allowed where they worked. Main reasons
Beat estimates 80% of those affected by eating disorders in the UK have misused laxatives in order to lose weight. UK supermarkets say their sale of laxatives complies with regulation set by the medicines regulator, the MHRA. Beat wants supermarkets and retailers to reduce the ease with which young people can
Liam Fox says he wants a deal with the EU 'at least as free' as the present arrangements. He says anything else would be bad for all the people of Europe. Suggests Britain should take its seat as an independent member of the World Trade Organisation.
Rachid Redouane moved to Ireland from Dublin in 2012. Two men have been arrested and questioned on suspicion of theft and fraud offences. Redouane, who claimed to be Moroccan-Libyan, was based in Barking, east London. He married a British woman in
Move is part of changes to the Wales Bill which sets out next steps for Welsh devolution. Amendment to the bill on teachers' pay will be debated next Monday. But two major unions say they are opposed to the idea, fearing lower pay than in England. First Minister Carwyn
A 17-year-old female passenger is in a critical but stable condition in Ninewells Hospital. Police Scotland has appealed for information from anyone who witnessed the crash or who was in the area at the time.
Israel's Yad Vashem Holocaust institute replaces dilapidated 1960s exhibition at Auschwitz. New permanent Shoah exhibition places former camp in broader context of Nazi Germany's attempt to wipe out Europe's Jewish population. Earlier in Warsaw, Mr Netanyahu accused Iran, one of Israel's strongest foes, of
Nine of Wales' 22 councils have taken part in the Syrian refugee settlement programme. Oxfam welcomed increase but said the resettlement process remained "painfully slow" UK ministers have pledged to settle 20,000 Syrians in the UK by 2020 under a scheme launched in October 2015.
Ennis-Hill will be at Chatsworth House and Windsor Great park this weekend. She says the events are aimed at families, serious runners and those who have never run before. "I've seen the benefits you have from being active and being healthy," she says.
Crash happened on Monday in Nord Troendelag county, 700km north of Oslo. Two military personnel inside the tank were unhurt. About 15,000 troops from Nato and partner countries are in Norway taking part in the Cold Response exercise.
Inside the mosque, the floor is strewn with debris: scattered prayer mats, beads, smashed spectacles and pages from the Koran. Boko Haram seemed to be stating it had no respect for the way Islam is practised here. By targeting such a prominent place of worship, the jihadists
Gioacchino Campolo was sentenced last year to 18 years in prison. He made his fortune by altering slot machines in countless bars and cafes. Among the confiscated assets are more than 200 properties in Rome, Milan and Paris. Campolo also possessed more than 100 art works,
Andreas Von Knorre and Elton Hinz pleaded guilty to entering a train depot and spraying graffiti on a train. Singapore has strict laws on vandalism, and has caned and jailed foreigners in the past for the offence. In 2010, Swiss software consultant Oliver Fricker was jailed
Carneddau Landscape Partnership awarded £198,700 to improve area's natural and cultural heritage. It claims the mountains' archaeology, ecology, peatland and Bronze Age cairns are under threat. Funding also set aside to improve heritage of Holy Island, off Ang
North Korea has carried out tests to develop a nuclear missile. The UN has banned it from missile or nuclear tests. But it has repeatedly broken those sanctions. US missiles struck a Syrian airbase, killing at least six people.
Belfast Giants will play a Colin Shields All Star select at the SSE Arena in Belfast. Glaswegian Shields is Belfast's all-time leading goal scorer with 208 goals in 517 games. The 37-year-old was selected 195th overall in the 2000 NHL draft by
Joe Robinson, 24, was with fiancÃ©e Mira Rojkan and her mother when they were arrested. He is thought to be under suspicion of sharing material from his time in Syria with Kurdish militia. Lawyer Kaya Sertkaya said: "We do not know
St James' Gardens was a burial ground from 1790 until 1853. Church warden Dorothea Hackman said it was 'quite outrageous' they were going to 'dig up our dead' HS2 Ltd said the work would be done with 'dignity, respect and care'
Stevens led Kent to 389-7 after Essex's decision to bowl first. They had slipped to 208-6 with Matt Dixon taking two wickets in two balls with figures of 4-89. Joe Denly (74) and Sam Northeast (56) shared 109 for the third w
Hassan Nasrallah said Syrian opposition was too weak to bring down regime militarily. Syrian opposition has long claimed Iranian-backed Shia movement has been supplying fighters. Hezbollah leader said it had never hidden its martyrs, but reports that large numbers of its fighters had been killed were
Alex Salmond said he has 'little doubt' the 'next test is coming' in a newspaper column. He resigned as SNP leader after losing the independence referendum two years ago on Sunday. Independence supporters are holding a rally in Glasgow's George Square to campaign for a second referendum.
75 firefighters worked into the night to put out the fire in Wimblington. Road closures are expected to stay in place until midday. Incident was brought under control at 2300 GMT.
Army bomb disposal unit called to Preston's Avenham Park on Friday. Police cordons were put in place and people were urged to avoid the area. Second time in under a year a wartime bomb has been discovered in the park.
Dyfed-Powys Police said training will begin on Wednesday ahead of deployment. Move follows a three-month trial in 2015 and any member of the public has the right to request footage taken of them within 31 days. Any recordings not needed for policing purposes are automatically deleted from cloud storage
Comic will attempt to run more than 700 miles in 27 days. The number 27 comes from the number of years Nelson Mandela spent in prison. Comic previously attempted a similar feat in South Africa in 2012, but had to pull out. He also completed 43 marathons in 51 days
Celtic have agreed a fee with Hibernian for midfielder Scott Allan. Rangers have had three bids for the 23-year-old rejected. Allan is a boyhood Rangers fan and has submitted a transfer request.
Woman, named in floral tributes as Kelly, was arrested on suspicion of assault. She was found 'unresponsive' in her cell and taken to hospital where she later died. Incident referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) for investigation.
The Irish were 17-0 down inside the opening 13 minutes in Cardiff. Jordi Murphy's try helped cut the margin to only three points at half-time. Ian Madigan missed a long-range penalty that would have levelled the game.
Takayuki Tanooka, 44, and his wife briefly left their son by the side of the road on 28 May as punishment. When they came back he was gone. A huge search was launched and the boy was found at a military base on Friday. Yamato Tan
Hugh Thomson, 67, from Lumsden, drank half a pint of beer and four whiskies. Police found that he was more than four times the legal drink drive limit. He has been given a community payback order and a further 10 year driving ban.
Freemont (Denbigh) Ltd, which will have to pay the bill, said it was disappointed. Council is hoping it can purchase the site and restore it. In 2011, it served an urgent works notice on the British Virgin Islands-based company after becoming frustrated at the deterioration in the
Incident happened at Wadi Joz, an Arab area in occupied East Jerusalem. Police said the officer involved had shown "severe and unusual behaviour" The video was recorded by a Palestinian resident of East Jerusalem and has been passed to the police investigation unit.
Manchester United vice-captain Michael Carrick is the best central midfielder in English football. Ferguson says United will be fine when all of Louis van Gaal's injured players are fit again. United have won six out of seven games since Carrick returned from an ankle injury in November.
Matching Models in London describes itself as "an international temp agency for beautiful people" It advertised for a personal assistant with "a classic look, brown long hair with b-c cup" Equality and Human Rights Commission called it "appalling, unlawful and demeaning to women"
Survey of 4,000 people was commissioned by the Church, Hope and the Evangelical Alliance. Church of England's General Synod will discuss the survey in November. Fewer than 10% read the Bible and prayed regularly, or go to church at least once a month.
Four little girls, aged five and 15 months, died in explosion at their home in March 1916. Pte John Bagnall was cleaning an unexploded German fuse shell at Moss Valley, north Wales. Researchers Phil Coops and Robert Webb hope to mark the centenary next year.
Lord Janner was ruled unfit to stand trial because of dementia in December 2015. Allegations relate to 13 separate claims of historical child sex abuse involving an alleged institutional cover-up. Marion Janner says family has evidence the peer could not have committed the crimes he is accused of.
Donald Trump called off a rally on Friday night in Chicago after clashes between protesters and supporters. He has blamed the supporters of Democrat Bernie Sanders and denied responsibility for the violence. On Sunday, he said his campaign is "not provoking" and "wants peace" A Quinnipiac University
University of London's Institute of Education compared vocabulary test scores and reading habits of 9,400 British people born in 1970. Researchers analysed data collected at the ages of 10, 16 and 42. Those who had read regularly for pleasure as children beat the rest, scoring an average 67% in the age 42
The 28-year-old was out of contract at the Iron. He captained them to the play-off semi-final this season, where they lost to eventually-promoted Grimsby.
Dyddgu the Welsh Springer Spaniel went with owner Rhiannon Williams to Grangetown Pavillion, a former bowls club, in Cardiff. Macey the dog lives on a farm in Somerset where a temporary polling station has been sited. Brody the golden retriever
Focus will be on how leaving the EU could affect law enforcement and criminal justice. Will also look at possible implications for civil and family law, and commercial issues. Meeting due to take place in Edinburgh on 24 November.
Tanna island is one of the worst hit by cyclones in Vanuatu. People there are still in desperate need of shelter and water. Aid workers reached Tanna for the first time on Tuesday and reported 80% of homes or buildings destroyed. Eleven people are known to have
Woman, 28, was found lying on a pavement late on Sunday with serious injuries. Police say she had been dragged by the neck through several streets. Both the victim and the suspect are German citizens of Kurdish origin.
Barnsley beat Coventry 2-0 in their Championship clash. The Tykes have lost just once in their last 12 matches. Tony Mowbray's side have now lost two games in a row.
Bournemouth lost 2-1 at Sunderland on Saturday. Victor Anichebe and Jermain Defoe scored the goals for the Black Cats. Cherries are the first team to lose to Sunderland in the Premier League this season.
Kanu Gandhi, a grand nephew of the Mahatma, took 2,000 pictures of Gandhi during the last decade of his life. He was a callow young man in his 20s and a photographer with a Rolleiflex camera. Gandhi forbade him from
Incidents happened between 01:30 and 01:40 on Sunday 3 May at the Riego Street flats. One woman was indecently assaulted and the other was assaulted. A 25-year-old man was detained following a CCTV appeal and will appear at Edinburgh Sheriff Court.
Griffin Place Communications Limited, in Llantarnam, Cwmbran, employed up to 140 people. Many staff claim they were sacked days before. Torfaen AM Lynne Neagle said the Welsh government has "serious questions to answer"
Subhan Shafiq described his 'friend' as being of 'good current character' This helped him get a taxi driver's licence despite his four convictions for rape. Milton Keynes Council leader Peter Marland said he should examine his conscience.
Dufner shot a second successive seven-under-par round of 65 for a tournament record 36-hole total of 14 under par. Rickie Fowler shot six under for the day to move third and within one stroke of fellow American Daniel Summerhays. Jordan Spieth still on six under
Campaign group Cycling UK said Mansfield hosting the race was illogical. Six cyclists are challenging the council over a public spaces protection order issued a year ago. The order prohibits people from cycling in the pedestrianised market place area. Anyone who fails to dismount when asked could be fined.
Jaber al-Bakr gave elite commandos the slip over the weekend, sparking a two-day manhunt. Police believe Mr Bakr was planning to bomb a Berlin airport. He evaded police surveillance on Saturday in the eastern German city of Chemnitz. Mr Bakr made his
Households actually grew richer during the financial crisis. But the reason for the growth between 2006-12 was the increase in pension values. The study also looked at people's attitude towards saving and pensions.
Main parties failed to break political deadlock after December's inconclusive elections. The conservative Popular Party (PP) is favourite to win, but only narrowly. In December the PSOE was runner-up to the PP. There is speculation that PSOE and Podemos could form a ruling coalition
Liverpool sign Christian Benteke from Aston Villa for £7m in 2012. Benteke becomes the Reds' second most expensive signing after Raheem Sterling. The 24-year-old becomes Brendan Rodgers' seventh signing of the summer. Liverpool have also signed Danny Ings, Roberto
Woman attacked at St Denys station in Southampton just after 00:00 BST. 18-year-old is being held on suspicion of rape and attempted murder and remains in custody.
Low oil prices are not all bad news for integrated oil companies. BP's downstream business is creating considerably more profit than its upstream partner. The cost of the Deepwater Horizon disaster has now reached $55bn (£35.85bn)
Hanson Academy claims it 'communicated clearly' its expectations for this year. Pupils face being sent home if they wear hoop earrings, two earrings or more per ear or patterned trousers. Angry parents took to the school's Facebook page to complain about the new measures
Bhansali has been planning the film for a year. The five-time world champion is from the remote northeast state of Manipur. Thousands of north-eastern people have fled the Indian cities of Mumbai, Bangalore and Hyderabad fearing reprisal attacks in the wake of ethnic clashes
Queensferry Crossing was originally due to open by December 2016. High winds forced work to stop on 25 days during April and May, using up time. Project director David Climie said new target of May 2017 was'realistic' Project remains within its budget of £1.35
Welsh Government wants to remove defence of reasonable chastisement from law. It would remove defence for parents who use corporal punishment to discipline children. Campaigners say it would leave 'ordinary parents facing jail' and paint them as 'thugs' Campaign group Be Reasonable Wales has
Thousands of villagers have been taking to the streets every day in a brazen challenge to the authorities. The Guangdong Government has been urging us to leave. There are really only two possibilities. They think that without media coverage some of the steam will come out of the protests, allowing the nearby city government
Sopel: The 2016 US election campaign has been weirdest, most compelling, unpredictable, disturbing, hate-filled, bizarre. FBI director James Comey's letter breathed new life into the Donald Trump campaign. The bigger truth about this campaign is that it has shown a deeply polarised America
Ebac in Newton Aycliffe expects to make up to 300,000 washing machines a year. The family-run company also makes dehumidifiers and water coolers. It was awarded from the government's Regional Growth Fund for the project.
President Obama tells Atlantic magazine operation in Libya went as well as he had hoped. But he says the country is now 'a mess' and that EU countries were 'free riders' He also criticises former French President Nicolas Sarkozy for trying to claim the spotlight. Number 10 says there
Martin McCauley was seriously wounded and a teenager was killed when police opened fire on a hayshed in County Armagh in 1982. It later emerged that the security services had secretly recorded what happened. Evidence was not made available to the court during his trial. The 52-year-old
Pae Jun-ho, known in the US as Kenneth Bae, smuggled anti-government materials and plotted the state's downfall. Mr Bae was detained last year after entering North Korea as a tourist. North Korea has arrested several US citizens in recent years, including journalists and Christians accused of
Dom Thomas has agreed a three-year deal with Motherwell. The 21-year-old spent the second half of last season on loan at Queen of the South. He started just four games for Motherwell and made 33 appearances from the bench.
Leigh's victory means Widnes Vikings finish bottom of the Super League. A win for Salford would have ensured third place, which would have been their highest league placing for 40 years. Salford slipped to a fifth defeat in their final six games before the Super 8s/Qual
Winstone will play the EastEnders and Carry On actress in her 20s. Spiro will reprise the role of Babs in her 50s.
Unrest began after soldiers announced they had dropped their pay demands. They were due to receive a further payment this month. About 8,000 mutineers are unhappy that they were not consulted ahead of the announcement. Three former rebels from the country's civil war era were wounded in Bouak
California governor vetoed bills to end sales tax on tampons and nappies. Advocates have decried the tax as an unfair burden on women since tampons are not considered a luxury. The average statewide sales tax in the US is 6.25%, but in some states it can
Osborne says recent months have 'decisively ended' questions about his economic policy. Cites 'tentative signs' of a 'balanced, broad based and sustainable recovery' Labour accuses him of 'extraordinary complacency' and says he is 'out of touch with most people
How did the man who once accused the Conservatives of being out of touch for "banging on about Europe" get himself into a position where he will spend four months still doing precisely that? Since he made that claim in his first season as party leader in 2006, there have been three big changes
Plaid promises to save 10,000 lives between 2016 and 2026 through a range of measures. They include ensuring earlier diagnosis of disease and better access to life-saving treatments. In a major shake-up to how the NHS is run, Plaid says it will fully integrate primary, community and
Campaigners have raised concerns over possible health risks and increased traffic if the build goes ahead. The development, which includes sports facilities and a 1,200 place secondary school, attracted more than 80 objections. Sheffield City Council said it carried out extensive investigations into any potential risks.
NFU Scotland said producers are losing Â£10 for every pig that is sold. Prices have been driven down from a record high in 2013 after Russian import ban. Farming leaders plan to meet retailers to discuss promotion of Scottish pork over cheaper rivals.
Di Gilpin's knitwear costs in the region of £400 ($600, €550) for a sweater. CustomMade.com claims to connect 12,000 makers with 100,000 buyers. Eddie Taylor says that as mining giant De Beers tightly controls the supply of the
Gang targeted three major rail improvement projects being delivered by Network Rail. They stole signalling cable and sold the copper inside to scrap dealers. Total cost to Network Rail was in excess of £1m. Recorder Simon King told them: "I have no alternative but to impose immediate custodial
Bieber ordered to pay $80,900 in damages and complete anger management programme. He was not present in court for the sentencing in Van Nuys, California. The singer faces two other criminal cases in Florida and Toronto. "Justin is glad to get this matter resolved and behind
Am I Included? will be broadcast on BBC One Scotland at 19:30 on Wednesday. Documentary looks at what does real inclusion mean in practice and is the system a success? Is it about being included just about being able to get in the front door?
Derek Beaumont relinquished the head of rugby position because of his business commitments. Cunningham, 40, left his role with Saints in April. Leigh have won one and lost one of their two fixtures in the Qualifiers.
Musician Rod Temperton died in London last week after a brief battle with cancer. His hits included Off The Wall and Baby Be Mine for Jackson and Boogie Nights for Heatwave. Chic guitarist Nile Rodgers among those paying tribute, tweeting: "Your genius gave us a funkier world
The 26-year-old Sussex wicketkeeper-batter has been a key part of the England set-up since 2006. She is England's third highest one-day international run-scorer and second only to Charlotte Edwards in T20 games. Taylor has scored 5,581
Kenneth Zohore scores late goal to give Cardiff City a 1-1 draw against Burton Albion. Cardiff's top scorer last season saw an early effort ruled out for off-side. Nigel Clough's side could have led in the first half when Marvin Sordell's
Derek Bebbington, 57, of Moss Nook, Burscough, denies charge at South Sefton Magistrates' Court. He will appear at Liverpool Crown Court on 10 June.
Star Wars co-star Harrison Ford says he is "shocked and saddened" by the news. Fisher's brother Todd says she is in intensive care in Los Angeles. The 60-year-old actress suffered a heart attack on a flight from London to LA on Friday. She
The cameras will go live on the northbound and southbound carriages of the M74 from Monday. They will remain operational until spring 2017. Similar measures will follow later on the M8, A8 and M73 motorways. The motorway improvements project began in February 2014 and
South Africa bowled out for 226 and will begin day four 360 runs behind England. Home side, leading by 136 on first innings, wobbled to 153-7 before Moeen's 59-ball knock took them 224-8. Under-fire opener Keaton Jennings managed only 18 as
Amputee football has been going for many years south of the border. Now a charity is trying to form a Scotland-wide league. The first amputee Scottish Cup will be held in Edinburgh next month. "It gives me a lot of confidence," says Brian Murray, who
Soldiers were unlawfully killed on active service, coroner rules. Coroner Darren Salter will write to Defence Secretary Michael Fallon. The men died when an improvised explosive device (IED) tore through their heavily armoured Mastiff vehicle on April 30 last year.
The WRU and Cardiff Blues have been without a binding deal since June. Jones is one of nine players tipped to become dual-contracted under proposed new deal. Ospreys begin their season on Friday, 5 September at home to Treviso in the Guinness Pro12.
Gardeners' World presenter Monty Don says wholesale nurseries are 'bad' for consumers. Nurseries increasingly focus on plants that can be mass produced so big stores can sell them cheaply. Horticultural Trades Association says supermarket sales actually help grow the market.
The young woman and her diving buddy were exploring the wreck of sunken cargo ship near Lochaline. She was rescued by Oban's RNLI lifeboat, whose crew included a doctor with experience of working with divers in similar situations.
Pistorius says he mistook Reeva Steenkamp for an intruder when he shot her. The double amputee says he was on his prosthetic legs when he used the cricket bat to break down the toilet door. He denies murder, saying he thought she was an intruder and
Six travel agencies accused of violating competition rules. They are suspected of colluding on prices before responding to an education ministry tender to take students to Holocaust memorials. Israeli education ministry approached a number of different companies and received identical quotes.
Oldham went in front in the fifth minute when Marc Klok delivered a free-kick from the right to the far post, where Peter Clarke scored. Bradford dominated the rest of the opening period as the visitors' defence survived a series of narrow escapes. Oldham somehow held their lead until half
The 33-year-old was a free agent after leaving Galatasaray at the end of last season. Nice finished third in Ligue 1 last season and face Napoli in a play-off to qualify for the Champions League. Sneijder played in the 2010 World Cup
Ricky Miller ended a run of two games without a goal with a penalty. James Alabi was a constant threat for Chester. Joe Healy completed the scoring with a superb volley.
Falmouth University planning permission applications for large scale student accommodation. Protestors say the demand on housing is already high and any more students will have a detrimental effect on the town.
Speed restrictions and speed cameras will be introduced along the M8, M73 and M74. The improvements are expected to cut journey times by up to 18 minutes for the busiest sections of the motorway. Improvements to the Raith Interchange near Hamilton include realignment of the A725
North Wales Police and Crime Commissioner Arfon Jones said a 'fix room' could reduce drug deaths and the spread of infection. He said the proposed plan came in response to Rhosddu residents' concerns over dumped hypodermic needles. Mr Jones' comments come after a similar facility
Miliband says a Labour government is "not going to happen" if price of power is a deal with SNP. SNP leader Nicola Sturgeon says Scottish voters would never forgive Labour if it allowed Tories back. Tories say Mr Miliband's claim "changes nothing"; Lib Dems claim SNP wants
Gretna accounts for 12% of all weddings in Scotland. Last year's total is more than a third down on the 2004 record of 5,555. It is particularly popular for "tourism marriages"
Rebecca Minnock and son Ethan disappeared from Highbridge, Somerset, on 27 May. She told newspapers she knew it was wrong but she could not give Ethan up. Det Ch Insp Marie Wright told her: "You don't have to carry on hiding. There's always a solution
Haverfordwest councillors voted 28 to 22 in favour of another consultation. It follows a long dispute over the future of education in the town. Previous consultation was abandoned last November after trustees threatened to launch a judicial review.
Jenny visits a children's hospital in Sheffield to speak to a doctor. She also meets Lilly and Jake, who have come to hospital needing treatment, to see how their experience went.
Erfan Ali was just six when he was attacked by his neighbour's Rhodesian Ridgeback. It jumped through a broken wooden fence before attacking the boy in his family's garden. The dog's owner Kevin Large was jailed in 2012 after he admitted failing to control the animal. Erfan's
The 18-year-old, from the Exeter area, was climbing on the 15ft (4.5m) statue. He suffered serious neck and back injuries and died in hospital. The well known landmark depicts General Redvers Buller on horseback.
In the last month, prices went up by 1.7%, said the Halifax, bringing the average price of a home to Â£208,286. However, other lenders, such as the Nationwide measure, put the rate of increase much lower. Last time UK house prices rose so
The flag is one of only three surviving from the battle. It is said to have flown above Nelson's warship HMS Leviathan. Arthur Cory, 49, said the flag had been kept in a cupboard at Penllyn Castle.
Ahmad Zeidan, 20, claimed he was tortured into signing a confession. He denied the drugs belonged to him and said the confession document was in Arabic, which he did not understand. Justice charity Reprieve said it had uncovered evidence of a systematic pattern of torture in UAE prisons.
Winston Rea was among dozens of loyalists and republicans who gave evidence. Boston College staff were compiling an oral history of the Northern Ireland conflict. Interviews were given on the understanding that tapes would not be made public until after their deaths. Mr Rea's legal team argued
Moldovan canoeist Serghei Tarnovschi provisionally suspended for failing a drug test. The 19-year-old was set to compete in the 1,000m C2 event on Friday with his brother, Oleg. Colombian Luis Javier Mosquera Lo
Odion Ighalo put Watford in front before Antonio equalised for Nottingham Forest. Matej Vydra restored the Hornets' lead from the penalty spot after he was brought down by Kelvin Wilson. But Antonio levelled the scores again, heading in Chris Burke's cross to
Wales has a 'proud tradition of being a friendly and hospitable nation' About 50 refugees from Syria have been re-settled in Wales with more to come. Torfaen, Ceredigion, Neath Port Talbot and Caerphilly have been the first councils
The PGA Tour has a doping policy but it is not as strict as Wada standards. Golf is returning to the Olympics for the first time since 1904 at Rio next summer. The sport's ruling bodies were criticised by Greg Norman for not taking the threat of doping seriously enough.
Trolls have been sending death threats and telling people "to get cancer" from fake profiles. Devon and Cornwall Police's Hi-Tech Crime Unit says fake profiles are becoming more common. They say weak privacy settings combined with a rise in professional trolls is to blame. Here are
CCTV footage shows heavily armed police entering the building's foyer. Self-styled Islamist Man Monis died after he was shot multiple times. A hostage, Katrina Dawson, was also killed in the raid by a ricocheting police bullet.
MoD expects to receive just under £3m from the sales agreed earlier this month. HMS Cornwall has been sold to Swansea Drydocks while the other three have been bought by Turkish firm Leyal. MoD spokesman: "We believe this deal represents value for money"
Tyrone McCarthy has signed a contract with Salford Red Devils. The 29-year-old forward has previously played in Super League with Hull KR and Warrington. McCarthy has 12 international caps and played for his country at the 2013 World Cup.
Local man was working at Fruehauf on Houghton Road in Lincolnshire. Officers believe he fell from cherry picker at about 13:45 GMT on Thursday. Lincolnshire Police said it was carrying out joint inquiry with Health and Safety Executive.
OPCW inspectors have been in Syria since 1 October. They have visited 19 of the 23 sites disclosed by Syria. The mission was set up after a chemical weapons attack near Damascus in August. More than 100,000 people have been killed in the fighting that has ravaged Syria.
Combination of drugs could bypass genetic errors that cause CF. Cystic Fibrosis Trust said it could "improve the lives of many" One in every 2,500 babies in the UK has cystic fibrosis. Patients often die before their 40s as mucus clogs and damages lungs
Sarthin Books, in Cromford, Derbyshire, needs four steel columns to support 100,000 books. Manager David Booker said building work was put off in favour of restocking during shop's 41 years. Crowd funding appeal began on Sunday and more than £5,000
Dairy farmers currently receive about 19p a litre for milk, well below cost of production. Asda confirmed on Friday that it will increase price to 28p from Monday. It said this would "assist our farmers during the current crisis" UFU president Ian Marshall said farmers
Peers defied the government by backing calls to set up a joint parliamentary committee to look at the proposals. Lord Lawson and Lord Forsyth were among Conservative peers to rebel as the government lost by 320 votes to 139. Ministers have had to redraft plans to give English MPs an effective veto
Mikaeel Kular's body was found in a wood in Kirkcaldy in January this year. Shaun Moth, 45, posted the abuse on an anti-racism page as a police search was underway. Moth exploited the media attention around the search for Mik
Nicos Anastasiades said refusing the bailout would have led to the collapse of the country's banks. Depositors in Cyprus with less than 100,000 euros in their accounts would have to pay a one-time tax of 6.75%. Those with sums over that threshold
St Kilda's last 36 residents left the islands in the 1930s. Bob Kerr and Tim Hamlet climbed to the summits of Stac Lee and Stac an Armin. The pair managed to make their climbs during a spell of fine autumn weather.
The camera was installed in 2012, but only fully commissioned earlier this year. It has now notched up a staggering 13,624 penalty notices for speeding. The GoSafe partnership said 99.5% of drivers at the site met the speed limit.
Twenty-two people were killed in the Manchester Arena attack on 22 May. Salman Ramadan Abedi, 22, detonated a homemade device in the foyer of the arena. A full inquest will be heard once the police investigation into the attack has been completed. The five-minute hearing was
FP McCann Ltd. brought the action after failing to land the deal to design and build the A8 dual carriageway between Belfast and Larne. Mr Justice Colton backed legal action by construction company FP McCann Ltd. FP McCann issued proceedings over the tender for the work it submitted in
"Mae'r gymeradwyaeth yn golygu y gallwn ni nawr fwrw mlaen â'r cynlluniau ar gyfer y safle i'r de o Ffordd Ystumllwynarth, sef
Ian Paterson, 59, was found guilty in May of 17 counts of wounding with intent. Appeared at Court of Appeal via video link and was told his current sentence was 'not sufficient' Appeal Court judge described his treatment of patients as 'brutal and sustained'
Pair waited nine months for their Personal Independence Payments to be paid. They brought the test case to the High Court, claiming the delay was unlawful. Minister said "significant progress" had been made in processing claims. PIPs started replacing disability allowance in April 2013.
Labour's Jeremy Corbyn said there was a "disconnect" between rhetoric and actions. SNP's Angus Robertson said 10 times more officials were investigating welfare fraud than tax evasion. PM said the figure sounded "bogus" and HMRC staff numbers were going up.
Shots fired in Friedrich-Stoltze Square, a busy area of bars and cafes. Police said that someone opened fire from a passing car. Witnesses spoke of up to a dozen shots being fired close to the main police station.
Unions say salaries for teachers in NI are falling behind counterparts in England and Wales. Employers offered no rise for last year and a rise of 1% for 2016-17. Education minister said the rejection of the offer was "disappointing"
From September, three and four-year-olds in England will be entitled to 30 free hours of care a week in term time. Ministers say affordable childcare is at the heart of their agenda. Pre-school Learning Alliance poll of childcare providers suggests many will struggle to offer the 30 hours
Flamingos are able to stand on one leg without any external support. Researchers from Georgia Tech and Emory University in the U.S. have uncovered the secrets behind this trick. They found that flamingos employ no active muscular effort when they're unipedal. This means
The pedestrian died following an incident involving a green car in the Diamond area. Police said an 18-year-old woman had been arrested.
The RMT's 10,000 members will start voting on 11 February. Night Tube service will take place on five lines - Jubilee, Victoria, Central, Northern and Piccadilly lines. The proposed agreement includes a 2% pay rise in year one, RPI inflation or 1
Kate McCann set off from Edinburgh on Saturday with about 20 other cyclists. The five-day challenge is in aid of the Missing People charity. It will pass through Newcastle, York, Nottingham and Northampton before crossing the finish line in London on Wednesday.
Ece Heper, 50, was arrested on 30 December in the north-eastern town of Kars. Her friend says she was arrested for Facebook posts critical of President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Turkey's penal code states that anybody who insults the president can face up to four years in prison
Both Broughty Ferry lifeboats were called out shortly before midday. Coastguard officers conducted a search on foot of the waterfront area close to the bridge. Lifeboats were stood down at about 15:00.
Planners also approved proposals for an additional 154 car parking spaces. The complex will feature a home and garden centre, shops, a drive-through restaurant, lakeside visitor centre, restaurants and a boathouse. It is predicted to create 2,000 jobs.
The court ruled that the assembly was in contempt and said it would exercise congressional functions. The charge stems from alleged electoral irregularities by three opposition lawmakers in elections in 2015. Head of the OAS Luis Almagro accused President Nicolas Maduro's government of carrying out what he described as a coup against
Welsh Local Government Association warns councils face Â£92m social care 'black hole' in 2017-18. Social Services Minister Rebecca Evans says increasing council tax is not 'fair' Leading experts say cost of providing care could double to ÂÂ£2.3bn by
Victim remains in hospital with serious injuries to his arms. One suspect is described by police as a black man, aged about 24, of large build, with short hair. Another is thought to be about 25 years old, with a ponytail and beard.
Edinburgh Airport said more than 781,000 passengers passed through its doors last month. Glasgow saw its traffic rise by 8.4% to nearly 600,000. Aberdeen International Airport recorded its lowest decline in passenger numbers for almost two years.
IMF's David Lipton: "We are clearly at a delicate juncture" Lipton outlined some of these risks in a speech to the National Association for Business Economics. The comments come after weaker-than-expected trade figures from China showing that exports plunged by a quarter from a
Cypriot parliament may delay again today voting on a bailout deal that has brought protesters onto the streets. Cyprus's banks will remain closed at least until Thursday while they try and unravel this. Bank shares in Europe have been under pressure. The markets are unnerved. Fear has returned to
US dentist who shot Cecil the lion has left Zimbabwe but could still face charges. Walter Palmer said he paid for the hunt, but was not aware of the lion's identity. He said he regretted shooting the animal and believed he was on a legal hunt. Mr Palmer has a felony
Video shows servicemen carrying Canada's former "Red Ensign" flag. It went out of official use in 1965 after being replaced by the maple leaf design. One man claims they are members of an alt-right group called "Proud Boys" General Jonathan Vance, Canada's top
Tatton MP Chris Matheson becomes MP for the constituency. Conservative Stephen Mosley loses out by just 93 votes. George Osborne takes 58.6% of the vote in Tatton.
Suweida, home to Syria's Druze minority, also hit by rare blast. Eight people killed and 50 wounded in Hijaz Square explosion, says opposition group. Government blames attack on "terrorists", the government's way of referring to rebels forces.
Incident happened after the vehicle left the A68 in Jedburgh at about 09:40. Police said a "small number of passengers" on board had been left shaken. Investigations are continuing to determine what caused the bus to leave the road.
Lidia Pascale, 26, was last seen on 19 November 2014. Her body was discovered more than two weeks later in West Bromwich. Matthew Cherrington, 32, must serve a minimum of 19 years.
Figures show emissions in 2015 were 41% below the levels for 1990. Last year saw a record reduction of 45.8% which not only met the annual target but exceeded a medium-term aim to reduce emissions by 42% by 2020. Transport has overtaken energy supply as the
Exhibition brings together texts which have informed our perception of Arthur for more than a millennium. Early evidence suggests there was an Arthur in the 4th or 5th Centuries, says curator Dr Maredudd ap Huw. King Henry VII named his eldest son Arthur in honour of the legend
HS2 Action Alliance says engineering work will mean 133 weekend closures. Derby to Birmingham lines will be hit between 2017 and 2022. Four whole weekends will be lost on Coventry to Leamington Spa route in 2018. Part of West Coast Mainline will close for 31 weekends in 2018-
Thomas Hunter, 59, admitted causing the eight-vehicle crash on the A34 at Hinksey Hill, Oxford. Isla Wiggin, of Fleet, Hampshire, died two days later. Her mother Collette's unborn son also died in the crash. Collette Wig
Chris Bryant MP said the House could 'force' Mr Ashley to attend a meeting. Row follows a BBC investigation into the work practises at the company's warehouse in Shirebrook. Newcastle United FC owner was given a deadline of 21 March to respond to a letter from MP Iain
Stephen Archer, 50, arrested after off-duty officer spotted him getting off a train. Victim, 49, airlifted to hospital with 70% burns after the attack on Monday. Detectives believe she was covered in petrol before being set alight.
Hackney Council to provide office space for up to eight people in a tree in Hoxton Square. Idea from Park Hack community partnership aims to generate more investment in parks and open spaces. Workers will be able to hold meetings or work on laptops in the weather-proof structure.
Former PM Tony Abbott reintroduced knighthoods and damehoods in 2014. His controversial decision to give Prince Philip a knighthoughting was widely seen as one of the biggest blunders of his time in office. Now new PM Malcolm Turnbull has dropped the titles, saying they
New England Patriots beat Indianapolis Colts to win Super Bowl XLIX. Patriots are being investigated over allegations they under-inflated balls. Quarterback Tom Brady named most valuable player of the game. Pop star Katy Perry was the star attraction at half-time with special guests.
Spencer Wilding, 44, was the guest of honour at a special screening of Rogue One. He had to muster all powers of the force to keep his Vader role secret until the film's release. The actor said it proved a tricky task after rumours of the role leaked a year
Slovenia Under-21 international Benedicic has joined on a free transfer. The 20-year-old came through Milan's youth academy. Benedicic spent a month on loan with Leeds in 2014-15.
Pontio at Bangor University was due to open in September. Worker claims building mistakes and extensive water damage are responsible for delays and pushing it over budget. Staircases, basement rooms and the arts centre's new cinema have all suffered damage.
The Malheur National Wildlife Refuge is a collection of more than a dozen buildings. It was established by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1908. The refuge abuts property owned by the two men whose incarceration sparked this whole protest. Those involved insist they are patriots and they claim they have the law
Rosie's Helping Hands has raised Â£350,000 for young people in and around Aldridge. Her parents say it is time for the charity to wind down. "We didn't want to keep it going longer than we had Rosie," said mother Karen.
The man's bike was in collision with a car in the village at around noon. Police said the car driver is assisting officers with their inquiries. It happened close to the junction with the Kilkeel Road and Pat's Road.
Fr Donegan accused of taking sides with Sinn FÃ©in and the Orange Order. He has ministered in the Ardoyne area for the last 15 years.
AB InBev raises offer for SABMiller to £42.15 a share, having previously bid £38 and £40. Any deal between the two would create the world's biggest brewer, worth more than £180bn. If a deal does go through, the merged company would
Migaloo is known for his distinctive colouring and for many years was the only documented all-white humpback whale in the world. He has been sighted off the coast of New South Wales state, including the resort town of Byron Bay. The 14m-long mammal was
Scottish minister John Swinney to present his 2016-17 spending plans on Wednesday. Scottish government says UK government's recent spending review placed 'unprecedented pressure' on public spending north of border. UK government says Scottish ministers will have £390m more in spending next year.
Leaks provided by Peter Bo Henriksen to the Se og Hor weekly magazine enabled it to report a series of royal family and celebrity stories. The case has attracted huge public interest in Denmark. Henriksen was sentenced to 18 months in jail for selling information between 2008 and 2012.
Andrew's initial 12-match ban was one of the longest handed out in English football. The suspension was cut following a hearing at Wembley on Thursday. Andrew was not punished for the incident during the game on 29 October, but was later cited after a Football Association video review.
James Taylor will work with Nottinghamshire's batsmen. The 27-year-old retired with a heart condition in April 2016 after 27 one-day games. Former Northants captain David Sales will also work with batsmen at the County Ground.
Valencia are bottom of La Liga after four straight league defeats. The Spanish club sacked coach Pako Ayestaran earlier this week. Nani was one of several summer arrivals at Valencia when he joined from Fenerbahce in July.
Allardyce says Hart will be in squad for next month's World Cup qualifier with Slovakia. The 29-year-old is yet to make an appearance for Manchester City this season. Everton are keen on signing Hart, who is not attracted by the prospect of joining Sevilla and Bor
AJ Leitch-Smith gave Vale the lead before Jamal Campbell-Ryce and Sam Hird equalised. Gboly Ariyibi turned in a corner and O'Shea's 20-yard shot sealed the win. The win moves the Spireites up to 17th
In dollar terms, imports dropped 20.4% from a year earlier to $145.2bn. Drop due to lower commodity prices and weaker domestic demand. China is due to report its third-quarter growth rate next week. It is expected to be lower than the 7% annual pace seen
Rhodri Colwyn Philipps, 50 - the 4th Viscount St Davids - wrote the message four days after Ms Miller won a legal challenge against the government. Chief magistrate Emma Arbuthnot said she had "no doubt it was menacing" Philipps, who called
Death toll was the 'equivalent of three plane crashes', says AA president. Separate DfT figures suggest about 240 deaths in 2014 involved drivers over the legal alcohol limit. Officials said the rise in deaths in the year ending September 2015 was not'statistically significant'
The Fraser of Allander Institute questioned 320 businesses following the vote on leaving the EU. Just over 60% of Scottish firms surveyed said they believed it would have a negative impact on their business. However, the survey found little evidence of companies cancelling investment or recruitment.
Wayne Rooney and Ashley Young are back in training after respective ankle and groin injuries and might be involved. Chelsea head coach Antonio Conte has a full-strength squad and could name an unchanged side. Cesc Fabregas and Willian are the most likely of any players to earn a recall.
Francois Fillon and Alain Juppe face off in final Republicans party debate before Sunday vote. Mr Fillon says his proposals are "more radical" than those of his opponent. Juppe hits back: "Reform should not be a punishment but bring hope"
Team from Imperial College London, King's College London and Oxford University say findings show the value of early paternal involvement. Found positive correlation between degree to which fathers engaged with their babies at three months and how those children went on to score in cognitive tests. Children whose fathers displayed more withdrawn and depressive
The prime minister "is committed to free school meals in England", spokesman says. Meal budget has cost about Â£600m each year, and there had been speculation over its future. Chancellor George Osborne has demanded cuts of between 25% and 40% from unprotected budgets.
Pembrokeshire council considered several waste and recycling options on Thursday. Council's policy scrutiny committee said Â£1.2m needed to be saved over the next four years. Five options were presented to the committee, including weekly, fortnightly and three-weekly black bag
Robert Farmer, 26, killed 18 cats and injured three in San Jose in 2015. One of the cats showed signs of having been sexually abused, experts said. Farmer admitted 21 felony counts of animal cruelty and was sentenced to 16 years. He was banned from owning or caring for a pet
Gloucestershire club Forest Green Rovers have gone vegan. Cow milk has been replaced with soya or oat milk. Chairman Dale Vince is himself a vegan.
Scott Van Zanten signs for Championship club Buddies. The 32-year-old was released by the Paisley club after two stints at the club. He is the club's second signing of the summer, following Scott Taggart's move from Morton.
World number one Novak Djokovic beats Tomas Berdych in straight sets. Serb will face Dominic Thiem in the semi-finals at Roland Garros on Friday. American Williams beats Yulia Putintseva to reach the last four. She will play Kiki Bert
Finance secretary Derek Mackay gave evidence to committee backing local tax reform. Plans would see some households pay more to raise money for education. Committee formally recommended the scheme to parliament after vote of four to two. Green MSP Andy Wightman said he had "concerns
Hull City host Burnley in the Premier League on Saturday. Tigers boss Marco Silva says pressure is on his players to prove themselves. Burnley winger Johann Berg Gudmundsson is out with a knee injury. Dieumerci Mbokani is doubtful due to illness, but
Jonny Evans has been linked with a move to Manchester City. The 29-year-old spent nine years at Manchester United and has two years left on his deal. West Brom have also turned down a £10m bid from Leicester for the Northern Ireland international. Pep Guardiola said
Harold Jellicoe Percival, who was known as Coe, served as ground crew on the famous Dambusters raids carried out in May 1943. He died last month aged 99, never married or had children. The funeral home put an advert in a newspaper appealing for people
Eloyse Lesueur pips Briton to gold in the women's long jump at 6.85m. Nigel Levine helps Britain to silver in the men's 4x400m relay in 3:03.49. Christine Ohuruogu claims bronze for GB in
Medical researcher Jamie Robinson was on a Thalys train travelling from Amsterdam to Paris. He saw three members of the train's staff run through his coach and lock themselves in a service room. French actor Jean-Hugues Anglade has also spoken about being trapped in the same space.
Keepers at San Diego Zoo had used acupuncture and hydrotherapy to treat his arthritis. Speed had been brought to California in 1933 as part of a programme to preserve species. Thirteen Galapagos tortoises remain at the zoo.
The players will ride an open-topped bus down a stretch of Broadway. Pressure has been building in recent days to honour their achievement. The game was the most-watched football match in US history.
Eoghan Chada, 10, and his brother RuairÃ­, 5, were found dead on Monday. Father Sanjeev Chada was charged with their murders on Thursday night. Parish priest Father Declan Foley said the boys' deaths were "beyond comprehension"
Csongor Sandor, 30, of Dallow Road, Luton, was arrested in June. Police, acting on information, found a photo of the attack on his phone. At Luton Crown Court he admitted sexually assaulting a child under 13. Sandor also admitted three counts of
Brake manufacturer Meritor owns the site in Cwmbran where facilities could be built. Joint plans from Coleg Gwent and Torfaen council will now be put to the Welsh government for approval.
Raids by 19 RAF Lancaster bombers destroyed two dams and damaged a third. Eight aircraft were lost and 56 of 133 aircrew were killed or captured. An estimated 1,600 people died on the ground. The photographs were sold in Nottingham for Â£2,100 - considerably more
Greg Foston's Fine Meats in Duns has created scotch eggs with a chocolate twist. He has wrapped the Easter treats with sweet chilli pork meat which compliments the chocolate. Latest in a series of peculiar products created by Mr Foston.
Saido Berahino had said he would not play under Jeremy Peace again. The 22-year-old had rejected two deadline-day offers from Tottenham. Berahino scored his first goal for the Baggies since his return from injury.
Valery Gergiev led the orchestra through pieces by Johann Sebastian Bach, Sergei Prokofiev and Rodion Shchedrin. Last July, IS posted footage online showing some of its fighters carrying out killings in the ancient theatre. Syrian forces, backed by Russian air strikes, retook
The Death of Klinghoffer was due to be broadcast live on 15 November. It portrays the hijacking of the Achille Lauro cruise ship by the PLO in 1985. Jewish American passenger was killed in the attack. John Adams says the opera 'in no form condones or promotes
Kris Boyd double and Kallum Higginbotham on target in 3-0 win over St Johnstone. Killie now eight points clear of Dundee United at the top of the Scottish Championship. Kris Clark's side have just five games to make up ground on Hamilton.
Prof Jacquie McGlade said UK appeared to have abandoned its leadership on climate change. She said the cuts in renewables subsidies, coupled with tax breaks for oil and gas, sent a worrying signal to the coming UN climate summit in Paris. UK government says it will meet its targets on carbon
Todai robot outperformed 80% of high-school pupils and was in the top 1% for maths. Prof Arai, a mathematician at the National Institute of Informatics, is not happy about how well it is doing. At the Ted (Technology, Entertainment and Design) conference,
Leading rebel groups Jaysh al-Islam and Ahrar al-Sham both say the plane was shot down. Syrian state media said the crash was caused by a technical fault. Jaysh Al-Islam said the pilot was captured by militants from the al-Qaeda-linked Jabhat
Reports in France suggest Toulon coach Diego Dominguez's job is under threat. Lancaster, 46, is viewed as a potential successor. He left his role with England after their exit from the 2015 World Cup.
Steve Whitmire has worked on the Muppets since 1978. He has provided Kermit's nasal tones since the death of Jim Henson in 1990. Whitmire will be replaced as Kermit by Matt Vogel, according to US reports. No reason has been given for his exit
Ryan Watson was taken to Wishaw General following an incident on 11 August. He later died from his injuries and police have appealed for information. Det Insp Mark Bell said he is confident the answer lies within the local community.
The Transocean Winner became detached from the tug boat overnight. It ran aground at the beach of Dalmore in the Carloway area of the Outer Hebrides. Coastguard personnel have blocked access to the beach for health and safety reasons. The Marine Accident Investigation Branch
Jack Lloyd Kay, 20, was driving a Peugeot when it overturned near Hitchin. Jack Mudd, 19, who planned to go to a US university to continue his golfing career, died in the crash. Kay had already pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving while over
Widnes Vikings have won just once in their last seven games. The Vikings started the season with six wins from their first seven matches. They face Salford at Magic Weekend on Saturday.
Denmark international refused to be on the bench for the visit of Bournemouth. Villa's relegation from the Premier League was confirmed with last weekend's defeat at Manchester United. Director David Bernstein and Mervyn King left the club.
Police received reports that six windows had been smashed at the property. At 07:00 BST the property was set alight causing extensive damage downstairs. In the intervening period the occupant of the property had left and no-one was injured.
Plaid Cymru will challenge Labour politicians to drop their 'commitment to Tory cuts' Tories will say housing association tenants should gain right to buy homes in Wales. Welsh Lib Dems warn a 'BLUKIP' alliance of "right wing Tories and UKIP" could hold balance
The swan had been shot through the wing with an arrow which narrowly missed its vital organs and spine. It underwent emergency surgery and was on antibiotics and painkillers until its release on 13 April. The bird was cared for at the Scottish SPCA's national wildlife rescue centre in Fishcross
Regulating all these groups was a "world-first for Wales", says council's chief executive. They join more than 75,000 teachers and learning support staff on the national register. Keith Towler, chairman of CWVYS, said good quality youth work "saves young lives"
At least 151 people have been put to death in Saudi Arabia so far this year. Al-Riyadh said 52 would die soon, while Okaz said 55 were awaiting execution. They are thought to include Shia who took part in anti-government protests. Amnesty said it had no
Morgan-Smith was released by the Latics at the end of the season. The 26-year-old has previously had spells with Stockport County, Luton, Macclesfield and Kidderminster.
A raccoon climbs a crane in Toronto and a lorry full of honeybees overturns in Washington state. A group of zebras trotted through the streets after escaping from a local ranch. The animals were apparently upset by the sale of some of their stable-mates.
The men were trying to descend Bla Bheinn when they got into difficulty in fading light. They raised the alarm at 20:40 and a rescue operation was launched. A coastguard helicopter from Stornoway in Lewis airlifted the men to safety.
Dundee West MP Chris Law was questioned by police in relation to his Spirit of Independence referendum campaign in 2014. Campaign saw him raise grassroots funding to travel across Scotland in a Green Goddess fire engine that had been painted in the colours of the saltire. The Crown Office confirmed that no further action
Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb spoke after the final televised debate before the election. Labour's Owen Smith clashed with Plaid's Leanne Wood during the debate. Mr Smith challenged Ms Wood about whether she would vote down a Labour minority government.
Reading for pleasure is associated with enjoyment, relaxation and escapism. It can also boost children's emotional understanding, according to a review of research. 4,000 UK adults were polled on whether they enjoyed social occasions more.
F1 is hosting an event in London on Wednesday, with all the teams and many drivers taking part in a demonstration at Trafalgar Square. British Racing Drivers' Club says it cannot afford to host the race after 2019. The BRDC had a contract until 2027 but it contained a
Porthcawl, in Bridgend county, had the second highest number of launches for Wales in 2015. The location is notorious for crashing waves that can risk sweeping people out to sea.
Flight provider rewards hackers for disclosing security flaws rather than posting them online. It has given the maximum reward of a million flight miles, worth dozens of trips, to two people. Big tech companies such as Yahoo, Google and Facebook offer hackers cash incentives to report bugs.
Ross County beat Inverness CT 3-2 in Scottish Premiership clash. Striker Liam Boyce scored a hat-trick for Jim McIntyre's side. Inverness were reduced to 10 men when Kevin McNaughton went off with a knee injury.
Researchers at University of Sussex put heart monitors on horses and showed them pictures of faces to see how they reacted to different emotions. Angry faces made the horses' heart rates speed up quicker than the happy faces.
North Wales Police said 60 arrests were made from breath tests. Det Ch Con Gareth Pritchard warned motorists not to drink and drive.
The assault took place at North High Street, Musselburgh, between 19:15 and 19:40. Victims were taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary, where they were treated for minor injuries. Police Scotland described the attack as 'vicious' and appealed for witnesses.
Atletico Madrid surrender 15-game unbeaten run. Gabi Fernandez was sent off in the second half for two bookable offences. Barcelona have a game in hand after being without a domestic fixture.
Tottenham Hotspur beat Aston Villa 2-0 in the FA Cup third round. Ben Davies and Son Heung-min scored the goals for Mauricio Pochettino's side. Spurs move into third place in the Premier League on the back of a five-match winning run.
Royal Sun Alliance says it will close its office in Birmingham later this year. Firm has had a presence in the city for more than 30 years. Union Unite called it a "big blow" for the finance sector in Birmingham. Staff are to be offered redeployment around the
Manchester United remain 15 points clear at the top of the Premier League. United have won 50 of a possible 54 points in their last 18 Premier League games. Ferguson will make changes for FA Cup quarter-final replay against Chelsea on Monday.
Health Secretary Vaughan Gething says trial will begin this summer. All Wales Medicines Strategy Group (AWMSG) had advised not to fund Prep on cost-effectiveness grounds. The Terrence Higgins Trust in Wales had called AWMSG recommendation "short-sighted" Around 150 new
Darya Klishina will be allowed to compete in the long jump at the Rio Olympics. The 25-year-old was initially banned from the Games after the IAAF revoked her eligibility. Court of Arbitration for Sport overturns that decision after receiving new information. Klishina
Welsh Economy Research report shows 79% of direct spend was retained in Wales. This was an increase of 4% on the previous year. 1,923 new homes built in 2014/15 and £301m spent on repairs/maintenance.
TfL said it is "operationally ready" for the Night Tube launch. The planned September start date was pushed back until 2016. Talks at the conciliatory service Acas are due to resume this week.
The fire at Alexandra Docks started on 5 December and has been smoking since. It took four appliances, an aerial platform, two water tankers and a pump to put it out. The fire was eventually brought under control at about 17:30 GMT.
Cardiff North MP Jonathan Evans said cases should be investigated by police first. He said it was a 'tragedy' there was no agreement on who should chair the inquiry. Victims groups have urged the government to scrap it and replace it with a more powerful body.
Daily Politics is on BBC2 from 1200-1300 on weekdays, with 1130 start on Wednesdays for PMQs. Sunday Politics on BBC1 from 1100-1215, with a repeat on BBC Parliament at midnight. Follow us on Twitter or 'like' us on
Big picture shows long-term rise in young people seeking places on undergraduate courses. Big differences within UK, with Northern Ireland youngsters most likely to aspire to university. Within England, teenagers in London are the most likely in England to seek places. Gender remains one of the biggest factors in application
Kieren Moss crossed twice to give Hull KR the lead at Craven Park. Ben Heaton scored four tries for Halifax. Matty Marsh went over for the Robins.
Charlie Jermyn died of sepsis 30 hours after he was born in Penryn, Cornwall. He had shown signs of illness but was not sent to hospital for treatment. Sepsis happens when the body's immune system goes into overdrive.
Naomi Gwynne wrote to South Lanarkshire Council after visiting new park. Her twin brother Isaac was unable to use the swings as they were too small. Both children are autistic and Isaac is visually impaired by a brain tumour. The council said it had found a new seat it
Police are investigating events at the wake and funeral of Peggy O'Hara. She was the mother of Irish National Liberation Army (INLA) man who died in 1981 hunger strike. Unionist politicians criticised paramilitary display at the funeral in Londonderry on Saturday. But her granddaughter
Scottish Athletics, which runs the initiative, said it was shocked by the decision. Scottish government said £50,000 had been provided last year to help JogScotland. The initiative is now in discussions with mental health charity SAMh about the possibility of a funding partnership.
DUP's Gavin Robinson has high hopes of winning East Belfast back for unionism. DUP Alliance's Naomi Long has found herself on the receiving end of death threats. She was hit by a projectile just this week after visiting a nail salon targeted by arsonists.
PC Weatherley was sacked for leaking information about Downing Street row in 2012. She was on duty at the Downing Street gates on the night of the dispute. Met said she had exchanged several messages with another officer over next three days. PCs Keith Wallis and James Glanville have
Arterton has been involved in early workshops for the production from a script by One Man, Two Guvnors writer Richard Bean. Producers Stage Entertainment said they would "very much love her to be part of the production" It has not yet been announced which London theatre the musical
There were too many dismissals in England's second innings that were not down to the pitch. It ultimately comes down to a batsman's state of mind. When you get a difficult delivery or the ball misbehaves, it can be very hard to put that out of your thoughts.
Charles Raine, 66, known as Neville, and his nephew Philip, 47, sentenced to three years in prison. The pair, from County Durham, were found guilty of conspiracy to use criminal property. Police investigating missing ewes organised identity parades to reunite them with rightful owners
Vladimir Putin says there will be "no discussions" about Crimea. Crimea was seized by Kremlin-backed forces in 2014, leading to sanctions from the EU and US. The EU is expected to renew sanctions in a matter of weeks. Mr Putin's visit to Greece is an attempt
Bradley Wiggins' therapeutic use exemptions (TUEs) were made public by hackers Fancy Bears. Wiggins was permitted to take a banned substance before major races. UK Anti-Doping officials are looking at allegations of wrongdoing at Team Sky. Brailsford says he is not proud
Mr Tsilikin, 54, was found on Thursday evening after friends and family had been unable to contact him. His mobile phone and computer are missing and police have opened a murder inquiry. He was a well-known culture and arts critic, working on TV and radio as well as
Pan Am Flight 73 was hijacked at Karachi airport on 5 September 1986. 22 people were killed and about 150 injured in the 16-hour siege. Surviving crew members speak out for the first time since the attack. They say they want to honour and acknowledge the vital roles played by all
Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary said some forces are 'downgrading' 999 calls. Inspectors said officers were arresting fewer people and too many crimes were being shelved. 67,000 people suspected of crimes were not entered onto the police national computer. Report also warned there
The 20-year-old Slovak has yet to play for Fulham's first team. Rodak made 17 appearances in the National League on loan at Welling last season. He will go straight into Accrington's squad for their League Two fixture against Cheltenham.
National Grid and WPP shed 5.08% and 3.46% respectively after ending dividend payments. Ofgem says it is looking into "whether two or more companies providing a supporting service for the energy industry have breached competition law" Easyjet was among the top gainers, rising 0.
Rehtaeh Parsons, 17, was severely bullied over a photo of her alleged rape by four boys. She was taken off life support after a suicide attempt in April. One of the accused was charged with two counts of distribution of child pornography. The 18-year-olds, who will
Gymnast broke tibia and fibula in his left leg after landing on concrete floor. Bevan was part of the first British team to win a World Championships medal. The 18-year-old won bronze in the pommel horse at the 2015 European Games in Baku.
Incident occurred on the A9 north of Berriedale in Caithness at about 14:00. Several other people received minor injuries in the crash. Police Scotland said inquiries into the incident were ongoing.
David Skeen, 51, was last seen going for a run in Talgarth, near Brecon. Firefighters, police and more than 45 mountain rescue volunteers had been out. Mr Skeen was wearing an orange gilet, black running trousers, pale trainers.
West Ham recorded only their second clean sheet in 11 matches. Blues boss Jose Mourinho says it is 'not the best league in the world' Hammers keeper Adrian made three good saves from John Terry, Samuel Eto'o and Frank Lampard. Chelsea are now three points behind
Staffan de Mistura says a partial truce agreed in February is "barely alive" At least 20 civilians reportedly killed in government strikes on a hospital and nearby residential building in eastern Aleppo. The escalation has threatened to derail the UN-brokered peace talks, which resumed last month.
Roedd y Farwnes Eluned Morgan, AC dros Ganolbarth a Gorllewin Cymru, yn siarad wedi i Nicola Sturgeon gadarnhau y byddai'n ceisio am ail refferendwm ar annibyn
Warren Gatland's Lions face Super Rugby side Crusaders on Saturday. Wales wing North, 24, is one of four Lions making their first appearances of the tour. North scored two tries in the 2013 series which saw the Lions beat Australia 2-1 - their first Test series win in 16 years
Roads around Matilda Street were sealed off at about 10:30 BST. Traffic was diverted as police liaised with a military bomb disposal team. It was the fourth time in a week a device had been found in the city.
We Were There was written by Leicester singer Bob Wragg for the 1982 World Cup finals in Spain. Mr Wragg, 82, said its original release was deemed "inappropriate" following the outbreak of the Falklands War. The recording features many of the winning side including Bobby Moore, Geoff Hurst
Shyamal Kanti Bhakta was made to hold his ears while performing squats. The Hindu teacher was beaten and made to squat repeatedly before being beaten. Many Bangladeshis were angered by his treatment, posting photos of themselves holding their ears. Education Minister dismissed the school board and
Letters from the Department of Environment began arriving on Wednesday. It is understood a number of high profile organisation are badly affected. In some cases the cuts runs to more than £200,000. One of the organisations affected is the Northern Ireland Environment Link.
The BBC's Vikas Pandey profiles five Indian restaurants with a signature dish. Giri Manjas serves 200-300 portions of fried fish every day from 11am to 9pm in Mangalore. Alamgir Mujeeb Ahmed claims his father invented the bund gosht in
Equiniti has won a government contract worth £500,000. System is designed to help with recording, planning and scheduling of staff. Passport Office has 2,500 employees working from 37 locations across the UK.
Perry Cohen and Austin Stephanos, both 14, were last seen on Friday afternoon. The boys went fishing offshore when the weather turned and "something went amiss" Their capsized boat was found on Sunday morning more than 180 miles from where they set off. Former American football player
Abigail is the first storm to be given a name by the Met Office. The storm will hit Northern Ireland with strong winds on Thursday afternoon. It will move towards the west coast of Scotland and northern England on Friday.
Drew Nelson said members have organised protests that will be controlled by the Orange Order and will be peaceful. A judicial review hearing is expected to take place in the High Court in Belfast at 14:00 BST on Friday. Northern Ireland Secretary Theresa Villiers said she would meet unionist and Orange Order
Bristol City Council approved work on new stadium in November. Majority shareholder Steve Lansdown confirms work will begin on Tuesday. Work is an alternative to proposals to build a new stadium at nearby Ashton Vale.
Lib Dems came fourth in Corby by-election and lost their deposit. In Cardiff, the Lib Dems came third after another slump in their vote. They came fourth behind UKIP in Wiltshire and Northumberland and fourth behind an independent in Merseyside.
Martinez was sacked on Thursday with Everton 12th in the Premier League. The Spaniard took over at Goodison Park in 2013 and led the club to fifth in his first season. Everton reached the semi-final of both the FA Cup and League Cup this season.
Welshman Rigg Rigg has signed for Newport County on a two-year deal. The 27-year-old has previously played for Bristol Rovers, Port Vale and Oxford United. Rigg helped AFC Wimbledon to League Two promotion last season.
"Wales: The Road to the Euros" is on BBC iPlayer until Wednesday, 8 June.
Couples have been decorating the Ponte Milvio bridge on the river Tiber with locks for several years. They are meant to symbolise the locking of hearts, inspired by a novel. The city council said rust from the locks, which hang off chains, is harming the
Sukhjit Singh, from Derby, was found dead in his bed while on holiday in India. His wife Ramandeep Kaur Mann is facing charges of plotting the killing. Her family has denied the charges and said it is launching a legal battle.
Garry Ringrose has been compared to Brian O'Driscoll. The 22-year-old Leinster centre is expected to make his Six Nations debut this year. Ringrose made his senior Ireland debut in the autumn international against Canada. Former Ireland international backs Tony Ward and
Britney Spears performed 23 songs in 90 minutes at London's Roundhouse. Show was streamed live as part of the Apple Music Festival. Sam Smith, Rita Ora, Nicholas Hoult and Melanie Blatt joined in with Britney karaoke.
Glenurquhart beat Lochaber 2-0 to move out of relegation play off place. Kilmallie's 5-1 victory at Ballachulish means that they trail leaders Glasgow Mid Argyll only on goals scored. Lovat beat Kingussie 3-1
Hogan was awarded $115m for economic damage and emotional distress. Gawker Media was hit with a $15m ruling, while owner Nick Denton was stung with an additional $10m. The editor who posted the video and wrote the accompanying post, AJ Dauler
Seamus Eastwood is challenging Alasdair McDonnell for the SDLP leadership. Party activists will vote next month at the annual conference in Armagh. Earlier this year, Mr Mallon called on Dr McDonnell to step down as leader.
2014 was narrowly the safest year ever, with one fatal accident per 2.38 million flights. Nearly 1,000 people died in 2014, which is 700 more than the year before. Every new generation of aircraft has been safer than the one before.
La Gommeuse achieved the top price of $67.5m (£45m) at Sotheby's, as part of their Impressionist & Modern Art sale on Thursday. And Van Gogh's atmospheric landscape, Paysage sous un ciel mouvemente
Pharmaceutical companies are turning to artificial intelligence (AI) to help them identify promising drugs. Successful drug discovery relies on precise understanding of how a disease affects our biological systems. The sooner we can identify when something isn't going to work, the less money will be wasted.
Wales beaten 2-0 by Portugal in World Cup 2014 semi-final. Cristiano Ronaldo opened the scoring for Portugal in the first half. Gareth Bale came on as a second half substitute but failed to make an impact.
Jane Bell, from Galashiels in the Scottish Borders, got into difficulty at Dalmeny Hotel. She was swimming in the hotel's main pool with no flotation devices when she went into the 7ft (2m) deep end. Staff had received no emergency response training, inquest
Landowner Mohammad Miskin is accused of killing an eight-year-old boy. Reports say he tied the boy to a donkey and beat it to make it run faster. The boy, named Mudassir, died of his injuries. Miskin denies the allegations against him
Nottingham Panthers face Fife in Saturday's second semi-final. Panthers finished fifth in the league and beat Cardiff Devils to win Challenge Cup in March. Coventry Blaze play-off champions Coventry Blaze face Cardiff Devils in opening game.
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board shut mental health wards to stop spread of virus. Dr Tom Porter urged anyone eligible to get a free flu vaccine to reduce risk. Dominant strain circulating in the community is influenza A (H3), particularly affecting the elderly.
Fifa have asked the Spanish Federation for documents relating to transfers over the last five years. Club director Emilio Butragueno said the club was "absolutely calm" about its behaviour. Real Madrid said the majority of the 51 players that the governing body had asked for information on were exempt
Celtic playmaker Commons' deal at Easter Road expires on 15 January. The 33-year-old made his debut for Hibs against Morton on Saturday. Commons has not featured for Celtic since manager Brendan Rodgers took over in the summer. Hibs midfielder John McGinn
Sharnford Traffic Action Group (STAG) said some motorists were clocked at 100mph. The county council has offered to install speed bumps on Aston Lane at a cost of Â£12,000 to the parish council. STAG, which owns the monitor, sends the speeds
EDF, 85% controlled by the French state, has struggled to find the cash for its 66.5% stake in the Hinkley Point nuclear plant in the UK. In April it pushed a final decision on the £18bn plant back to September. EDF is cutting costs and planning
The 39-year-old has not played since the World Championship quarter-finals in April. O'Sullivan opted not to defend his title at last week's Champion of Champions in Coventry. He is currently playing exhibition matches.
BBC Sport's current deal extends until 2013 as exclusive broadcaster of the Six Nations. The championship is contested by England, Ireland, Scotland, Wales, France and Italy every February and March. This year's tournament saw audiences increase to their highest level for 13 years, with an average audience of 4
Liverpool beat AFC Wimbledon 2-1 in the FA Cup third round on Monday night. Steven Gerrard scored both goals as the Reds advanced to the fourth round. The 34-year-old will leave Liverpool at the end of the season and move to the MLS. Gerrard's
Treasury has agreed to make money available over a five-year period. But failure of Stormont politicians to reach agreement on how best to deal with the past means those institutions, and the money, are now on hold. Until agreement is reached, the Police Service of Northern Ireland and Police O
Catalonia's parliament has voted to start the process of independence. But Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has gone to the Constitutional Court to suspend the resolution. Secession is banned under Spain's constitution and the prime minister has accused campaigners of trying to "liquidate" the nation.
Wisley Property Investments is hoping to build homes, shops, a school, health centre and sports pitch on the former Wisley Airfield site. A decision was expected by 24 December but Guildford councillor Tony Rooth said more information was needed. Greenbelt councillor Susan Parker fears the delay will play
Foyle and Lagan Search and Recue are among 67 charities to benefit. The grants were awarded from a funding pot of £5m being delivered across the UK over a five year period.
Plans for a permanent memorial to be built into the pavement in Martin Place. Clear cubes containing flowers will be embedded into the concrete and will shine with specialised lighting. It is a project inspired by the massive floral tributes that were left in the days after the siege.
Nick Gargan, 48, found guilty of eight charges of misconduct but cleared of gross misconduct. Details can not yet be made public about what the panel ruled Mr Gargan had done. He is returning to work but not yet in Avon and Somerset, police and crime commissioner's office said
Fifa do not allow any nations to have any political, religious or commercial messages on shirts. They had turned down a request to allow England and Scotland's players to wear armbands with poppies on. The FAs have now said that they will let their players wear the armb
Thirteen people, including civilians, were on board the Mi-17V-5 helicopter. One of them was a four-year-old child. The weather in southern Venezuela is currently cloudy and stormy with heavy rain.
The 39-year-old was last seen at her home in Tranmere on 18 October. She was discovered on land bordering Poole Lane and Old Court House Lane in Bromborough. Ms Stevenson's family has been informed and is being supported by specialist officers. A 41-year
Lewis Gregory takes four wickets in one over as Durham are bowled out for 256. Somerset captain Tom Abell and Josh Davey fall lbw to Rushworth and Onions. Gregory also takes wickets of Paul Collingwood and Marcus Trescothick.
St James' Park and West Ham's ground were raided in April by HMRC. Newcastle's managing director Lee Charnley was among several men arrested. The ban remains in force until a court hearing on 22 June. Magpies lawyers applied for a judicial review against HMRC on
Principals in schools in the Belfast area called the proposals "totally unacceptable" They sent a letter to parents, the Department of Education, the Education Authority and the secretary of state. On Tuesday, they went to a meeting of Belfast City Council to ask for support in fighting the cuts.
The 27-year-old was released by York in January after making 18 appearances for the League Two side. He worked with Blackpool manager Gary Bowyer as a trainee at Blackburn. The former Scunthorpe, Sheffield Wednesday and Preston player worked with Bowyer at Blackpool
Legally, it needs at least 5% of local electors for a referendum to go ahead. Those behind the petition say a mayor would offer more dynamic leadership. Council leader Tim Warren said it felt "unnecessary" so soon after the elections.
Anthony Kevin Morais went missing on 4 September after leaving his house. Police said they had arrested seven suspects in the case. One of the suspects was involved in a corruption case prosecuted by Mr Morais.
Annie Besala Ekofo and Bervil Kalikaka-Ekofo were found dead in East Finchley. Scotland Yard said officers will explore whether anyone else linked to their address could have been a target. Four other people, including a child, were also at the property at
England beat Japan 2-0 to top their World Cup group. Goals from Ellen White and Rachel Yankey set up last eight clash with France. Powell's side needed to avoid defeat against Japan to be sure of reaching last eight.
Thousands turn out to mark the anniversary of the end of the Siege of Derry in 1689. Thousands of supporters from across the UK turned out to watch the 145 bands taking part. A thanksgiving service was then held at St. Columb's Cathedral.
The 23-year-old has scored 24 tries in 37 appearances for the Wolves. He could make his debut for the bottom side in Friday's trip to Hull FC.
US officials say retired Gen John Allen will be tasked with forming coalition to fight IS. 10 Arab countries agreed to help US attack the group in both Iraq and Syria on Thursday. But Turkey refused to sign communique calling for countries to join US in fight against IS.
The drink is based on a 16th century Welsh drink called metheglin. Salmonella is one of the germs that trigger more than 500,000 cases in the UK each year. Dr James Blaxland, who has led the work, tested more than 50 different plants
Homeowners will not face bills until at least March 2017, after MLAs ruled to defer charges. Northern Ireland is the only part of the UK not to levy a charge on homes. The EU Water Framework Directive envisages that users should pay for their water to promote conservation.
Nelson Carter, 29, was awarded a posthumous Victoria Cross for his bravery. He died in the Battle of the Boar's Head, in which he died on 30 June 1916. A memorial paving stone was unveiled in Eastbourne Pavilion Gardens and in Hailsham High Street.
Prof Simon Wessely, said he was 'genuinely surprised and incredibly honoured' He now heads the department of psychological medicine at the Institute of Psychiatry, King's College, London. Became interested in "medically unexplained symptoms and syndromes" early in his career.
The 30-year-old made 219 appearances for the Cherries between 2006 and 2011. Hollands will be in Steve Davis' squad for Saturday's trip to Newport County. He left the club in the summer after turning down a new contract.
President Juan Manuel Santos is leading Oscar Ivan Zaluaga with more than 50% of the vote counted. The campaign has been dominated by discussions on the ongoing peace talks with the Farc rebel group. More than 32 million Colombians were eligible to vote, but the turnout was low in
Dawn Purvis has been director of the clinic since it was launched in 2012. Ms Purvis, who will step down on 24 April, said it was "time to move on" She will take on a new role on the clinic's Northern Ireland advisory board.
Simpson beat Egypt's Karim Ali Fathi in four sets. The 29-year-old took the first game 12-10 after an impressive trick-shot between his legs. Simpson: "Played my first trick shot today. Wanna know how I did it? Me
St Johnstone beat Hamilton Academical 3-0 in their final match of the season. Ali Cummins and Murray Davidson scored the goals for St Johnstone. Hamilton's Ali Crawford missed a golden opportunity in the first half. Cummins' header from Danny Swanson's corner was
Janet Muller, 21, was found by fire crews in a Volkswagen Jetta in West Sussex. Christopher Jeffrey-Shaw, 26, is due to appear at Guildford Magistrates' Court on Thursday. The cause of Miss Muller's death was smoke inhalation.
Alex Noren wins Castle Stuart tournament by one shot. Ramsay says he knew on the 10th tee that he could win. The Scot has won three times on tour, the most recent of them being the Trophee Hassan in March last year.
Leo Cullen's Leinster now six points clear at the top of the Pro12. Dan Leavy, Luke McGrath and Ross Molony scored tries for the hosts. Tomos Williams and Sion Bennett scored for the visitors.
UK could ask Brussels to establish a "temporary customs union" after March 2019. During this period it would expect to be able to negotiate its own international trade deals. Plan has drawn a mixed response, with Labour's Keir Starmer calling it "incoherent and inadequate"
The 24-hour Underground service was originally scheduled for September. Unions took industrial action during the summer calling for increased pay and a limit on how many all-night shifts their members would be asked to do. Mr Johnson said he was "relaxed" about when the service was introduced
Healthcare Improvement Scotland said several senior charge nurses and clinical service managers raised issues during an inspection visit. NHS Grampian was asked to supply an improvement action plan. Senior inspector Ian Smith said the action plan had given "assurance"
UN report accuses both sides of atrocities in Sri Lanka's civil war. Sri Lanka promises local inquiry but will not allow court with foreign judges. Cabinet spokesman says ex-President Rajapaksa and his family would not necessarily be protected if there were allegations of serious crimes against them
Butterfield threw a new F51 European record of 17.68m to score 1100 points. It beat the previous best of 15.83 set by Ireland's Catherine O'Neill in 2001. The 35-year-old was left paralysed by a tumour on her spinal cord
Minister faced questions from MPs as the UK government published a White Paper. Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said her party would do everything it could to prevent damage. MP Glyn Davies asked Mr Davis for assurances that Welsh interests would be considered.
Poor-quality and fake tablets are causing drug resistance and treatment failure. Researchers looked at 1,500 samples of seven malaria drugs from seven countries in South East Asia. Data from 21 countries in sub-Saharan Africa including over 2,500 drug samples showed similar results.
The glutinous dish is a part of many people's celebration of New Year. According to local reports, 18 people were taken to hospital in Tokyo after suffocating on the snack. The fire department is advising people - especially the very young and elderly - to cut mochi into small pieces
Academy rated inadequate by Ofsted last October and placed in special measures. The Bright Tribe Trust said it was working to tackle known issues. Unions said teachers had'serious concerns' about the way they were being managed.
Maryland and D.C. have filed a lawsuit against President Donald Trump over his business ties with foreign governments. The lawsuit cites the US constitution's emoluments clause, which says no federal official should receive a gift or a fee from a foreign government. It is the first such lawsuit
West Midlands Police spent £800,000 of POCA cash on projects last year. The money is mainly used to fund community crime prevention projects. It comes from money convicted criminals have been ordered to pay back.
Inspectors criticised Phoenix Academy and Lakeside Academy following visits in February. Wrockwardine Wood and Sutherland academies were put in special measures earlier this week. Ofsted criticised the trust's lack of support to the schools and said each was now considering an alternative sponsor.
The infant was reported missing from his home in Arleston on 24 February. He was found safe and well the same day. Kelly Mahon, 41, admitted one charge of kidnap at Shrewsbury Crown Court. The 41-year-old was remanded in custody and
Former Hearts captain Zaliukas has signed for Rangers from Leeds United. The 30-year-old played more than 200 times for Hearts over seven years. He made just 15 appearances for Leeds last season. His first competitive match for Rangers could be against Hibs in the Challenge Cup
Theresa May says she'll watch Doctor Who and Agatha Christie on Christmas night. PM says she enjoys Strictly Come Dancing, but won't take part as she can't dance. She says she's never had a female role model and has 'got on with doing what I am
Agriculture minister Barnaby Joyce said Australia had agreed to health protocols that would be finalised by his Chinese counterpart. Mr Joyce said the trade in live cattle between Australia and China could be worth up to $A2bn ($1.5bn, Â£950m) each year.
Corrie Mckeague, 23, based at RAF Honington in Suffolk, vanished 11 days ago. He was last seen on CCTV walking alone and eating fast food in Bury St Edmunds. Three young people aged between 16 and 18 were seen at Short Brackland at 04:
Germany captain Schweinsteiger was sent off in 0-0 draw with West Ham. The 31-year-old caught Winston Reid with his left arm as they waited for a free-kick. Referee Mark Clattenburg spoke to both players after the incident, but did not mention
Cameroon's Patrick Ekeng dies aged 26 of a suspected heart attack. Ekeng fell to the ground in the 70th minute of a televised Romanian league match against Viitorul. The final, scheduled to be played on Tuesday 10 May, was postponed following Ekeng's death
Bo Xilai is accused of accepting bribes from Chinese tycoon Xu Ming. The disgraced politician denies the charges and says he is innocent. Beijing-backed newspapers praise the trial as a sign of the Communist Party's resolve to stamp out corruption. Independent Hong Kong press question whether
Hodnet Parish Council suggest Brian Wood takes a companion with him. But Mr Wood said that would affect his independence.
Guernsey's States accounts do not show what is spent on advertising and promotion. Some residents said this was a 'waste of money' and the States would need to measure effectiveness. In-house staff costs came to just over £397,000 for the January 2013 to October 2014
Bryony took silver place on Friday with a score of score of 56.040. Now she wants more kids to get involved in the sport.
Pontypridd MP said he was 'not part of any plot or coup against Jeremy Corner' Mr Smith will be battling Angela Eagle for the anti-Corbyn vote. He said MPs had since lost confidence in the Labour leader's leadership.
Father Benedict Seed, 83, denies the charges, which include striking pupils aged between 11 and 18 with a cane and a spiked golf shoe. He is also charged with pulling a boy from his bed and hitting him on the body with a hockey stick. Seed denies all the charges and will face
Malala Yousafzai was attacked by Taliban gunmen on a school bus in Pakistan in October. She was treated at Queen Elizabeth Hospital in Birmingham and now lives in the city. The 16-year-old will place her copy of The Alchemist by Paolo Coelho in the library
Alexander Protopopov oversaw the dismantling of a road in the Komi region. He then sold off its 7,000 reinforced concrete slabs for personal profit, police say. Officials believe the scheme cost the government more than 6m roubles ($79,000; Â£54
More than 400 people have been killed in unrest since President Pierre Nkurunziza said he would run for a third term in office last April. More than 200,000 people have fled their homes. Diplomats are now negotiating how to implement the UN Security Council's resolution.
Alwyn Pritchard, 53, was riding his motorbike when he was hit by Paul Wilson's car. Wilson, 38, of Blaenau Gwent, admitted causing death by dangerous driving and other charges. He was jailed for four-and-a-half years and
Jack Marriott lobbed home keeper Alex Cisak to give Luton the lead. Shaun Brisley stretchered off with head injury after colliding with Jonathan Mitchell. Luton boss Nathan Jones 'proud' of his players' performance.
Wales' Barker won the women's 25km points race in Hong Kong. The 22-year-old won two silver medals in the madison and scratch races at the championships. Great Britain won five medals compared to the nine they won at London 2012.
Skydrive car uses drone technology and has three wheels and four rotors. Toyota and its group companies have agreed in principle to support the project. Skydrive claims to be the world's smallest flying car, measuring 9.5ft by 4.3ft.
Myrtle Cothill, from South Africa, has been cared for by her daughter in Dorset. She had been ordered to fly home on Tuesday but the Home Office has halted proceedings pending a medical report. The widow, who came to the UK on a tourist visa, has heart problems,
Nigel Dodds said funding could relieve financial pressures on police. He said no-one should be allowed to rewrite the history of the Troubles. Cameron said he would consider Mr Dodds' arguments.
Widnes Viking star taken to hospital with head injuries following attack. Man, 32, arrested on suspicion of assault and bailed until 29 November. Tickle joined Widnes Viking on a three-year contract in 2014 from Hull FC.
Spencer Powles, 62, died 10 days after the incident at the firm's Maisemore site. He suffered severe injuries to his abdomen when a telehandler lurched forward. A telehandler is a four-wheel drive machine, mostly used in farming and industry.
Algerian Mbolhi signs three-year deal with Turkish club Besiktas. The 29-year-old was on trial with English Championship side Bolton Wanderers. He joins Cameroon's Samuel Eto'o at the club after he signed for them in July.
Ceredigion council plans to sell site of former Ysgol Dyffryn Teifi in Llandysul, which closed last term. Council cabinet meets on Tuesday to discuss the sale set for 30 September. Plant y Dyfryn wants more time to draw up a bid to
Millwall drop to sixth in the table, four points ahead of Barnsley. Lee Gregory and Chris Taylor both miss chances to put the Lions ahead. Neil Harris' side remain in 23rd place, seven points adrift of safety.
Cornish side were relegated after losing 4-0 at Bishop's Stortford. White Tigers let in 99 goals from 42 league games, more than any other side above the bottom three. Hodges says he will meet chairman Peter Masters this week to discuss plans for next season.
The 1970 Ferrari 512M is still in working condition and was recently raced at Le Mans Classic. It set a new record in 1977 when Robert Horne drove it 192mph over a flying mile. Kensington and Chelsea Council said it was "issued as it would in any case"
In the first half of this year, there were more than 5,000 road accidents in Tanzania. More than a quarter of them were motorcycle accidents. Boda boda drivers are often blamed for causing problems on Mwanza's roads. Trainee doctor Marko Hingi is
The blue-chip index closed 0.6% or 45.4 points, higher at 7,337.8. Housebuilders helped to lift the index, with Barratt Developments up 3.1%. ITV shares rose 2.9% after Goldman Sachs named broadcaster as a possible
Women are as likely as men to ask for a pay rise - but less likely to get one, study finds. The study, by the Cass Business School and the universities of Warwick and Wisconsin, looked at 4,600 workers. It found 'no support' for the'reticent female
Incident happened on the 20:14 service, between Keith and Elgin, on Friday 16 June. The suspect - believed to be travelling with about seven other men - then got off the train at Elgin. He was white, about 25, and 6ft tall and was wearing a black
Thirteen civilians were killed when soldiers opened fire on a civil rights march in 1972. Police resumed their investigation into the killings in January. Det Ch Insp Ian Harrison said the soldiers are not obliged to speak to the police. He said they are being treated as witnesses and not suspects.
"Mae'r catrawd wedi colli dau gymeriad ac mae'n fraint i fod wedi gwasanaethu gyda nhw. Bydd colled ar ôl yddau" Mae dau filwr ar
Duminda Silva found guilty of shooting dead Bharatha Lakshman Premachandra and three supporters. Defendants likely to serve long jail terms because of Sri Lanka's moratorium on executions. Silva was a close ally of the powerful Defence Secretary Gotabaya Rajapaksa.
Lawless was released by Luton when his contract at Kenilworth Road expired. He made 203 appearances during a five-and-a-half-year spell with the Hatters. The 31-year-old has also had spells at Torquay United and Forest Green Rovers
Techniquest was already told it could lose the government cash by 2019. The centre, which receives Â£850,000 annually from ministers, said it needs to find new revenue streams. Since 1986, it has had more than five million visitors, including at least 1.5m
Boy, 17, flung the door open before leaping out on Copa Airlines flight. He was confronted by construction staff working nearby and held until police arrived to arrest him. Passengers said the teenager seemed fidgety and anxious throughout the flight.
Remains of Saima Ahmed, 36, were found in grounds of Gogar Mount House in Edinburgh. She was reported missing from her home in Wembley, London, in August last year. Ms Ahmed had no known links to the Scottish city and had no friends or contacts there.
The group, reported to be three men, two women and four children aged from two to 11. They were held at Reyhanli, in Hatay province, near the Syrian border. Intended in travelling to the region, where areas are controlled by Islamic State militants or al-Qaeda
Franck Petricola died at Sulby Crossroads. The 32-year-old was making his debut at the TT after recovering from a serious accident at last year's North West 200. Organisers of the event passed on "their deepest sympathy to Franck's family and friends"
Arrests not linked to Friday's attacks in Paris which left 129 people dead. Suspects, aged 22 and 20, were detained at Dover Eastern Docks in the early hours of Sunday. They are being held on suspicion of preparing terrorist acts.
Petition started by college student Nikita Azad in response to sexist remarks made by head of Sabarimala temple. Priest said machines will be invented that can scan women's bodies and check for weapons. Azad says there is no "right time" to enter a temple and
Amanda Thompson, of Rochdale, collapsed after eating the dessert, inquest told. North Manchester coroner Simon Nelson recorded a verdict of accidental death. Holiday company Thomson offered its "deepest sympathies" to her family.
Aiden Hughes posed as a 14-year-old called Matt Smith on a social networking site. He met his victim in a park and touched her over her clothes during a meeting. Hughes was put on the Sex Offenders' Register for ten years and banned from working with children.
ONS data showed the jobless total rose by 6,000 between October and December, to stand at 135,000. Scottish unemployment rate is now 4.9%, slightly above the UK rate of 4.8%. Employability and Training Minister Jamie Hepburn said the figures were "
Scotland winger Robert Snodgrass ruled out for six months with a knee injury. Snodgrass suffered the injury in Hull's 1-0 win at QPR on Saturday. The 26-year-old joined Hull from Norwich in a £6m deal from the Canaries this summer.
Can you identify the genuine F1 drivers from the imposters? Niki Laudas, Ayrton Senna and Michael Schumachers among the more obscure members of the 754-strong F1 club.
The woman was attacked in the Seagate area, near Dundee bus station. Officers have issued a description of man they want to speak to in connection with the incident. He was in his 20s, about 5ft 10in tall, of slim build, with short, dark, brown
Esteban Chaves wins stage two of the Tour de France. Team Sky's Chris Froome loses four seconds to Nairo Quintana. Colombian Chaves leads the overall race by five seconds.
Czech world number 233 edged Estonia's 99th-ranked Kontaveit 6-4 7-6 (8-6) Vondrousova had beaten compatriot and world number 18 Barbora Strycova in the semi-final. Sunday's victory moves her
Victim is being treated in hospital after he was struck by vehicle in Tower Hamlets. He was taken to a major trauma centre by London's Air Ambulance after the crash. A 25-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and failing to stop at the scene
Scottish government says figures show its strategy for tackling heart disease is working. Deaths from heart disease between 2004/05 and 2013/14 dropped by 43%. Number of people dying after a stroke also decreased by 41%.
Incident happened in Gerard Street, Ashton-in-Makerfield in Wigan. Woman in her 70s was critically injured and died at the scene. Police have appealed for any witnesses to contact them.
Doctor Who: The Bells of Saint John will be shown on BBC One at 18:15 GMT on Saturday. It is the first episode of the 2013 Doctor Who run and marks the show's 50th anniversary. Tennant and Piper have long been rumoured to be making a return for the
Warning sirens went off just before the rockets hit. The city's airport has been closed and security tightened. Eilat has previously been hit by rockets fired by militants in neighbouring Egypt and Jordan.
The Lucky Country by Donald Horne painted a bleak picture of Australian society in the early 1960s. Horne painted a picture of a deeply conservative and unambitious country that got to where it was by luck rather than merit. The question for many is whether Horne's assessment still applies
First Gulf War brought together largest military alliance since World War Two. More than 30 allies, including Britain, US, Saudi Arabia and Egypt. Military action complied with both international and UK law.
Protesters threw petrol bombs at police and stones at police lines. Water cannon was deployed and police used tear gas and rubber bullets.
Hook has agreed a three-year contract with the Ospreys. The 31-year-old left the Welsh club to join French Top 14 side Perpignan in 2011. He has 81 caps for Wales and helped them to the 2010 Celtic League title.
Chloe Grace Moretz has spoken out about being fat-shamed on set. Actress was 15 when male co-star told her she was 'too big' for him. She says he was in his mid-20s and she was in her mid-teens.
Plans for biomass power plant backed by the University of East Anglia. Plans would use straw pellets as raw material for electricity and heating. Protesters claim construction on contaminated land could pollute water sources. Norwich City Council says there is no risk to health or threat to water
The 27-year-old Scot is to marry girlfriend Kim Sears in April. Murray is back at number four in the world after dropping down the rankings following back surgery. The Scot has progressed to the quarter-finals of ATP event in Indian Wells.
Final series of ITV drama will be filmed in Dorset, Bristol and Somerset. David Tennant and Olivia Colman will return as DI Alex Hardy and DS Ellie Miller. Sarah Parish, Charlie Higson, Roy Hudd and Julie Hesmondhalgh will also appear. Writer Chris Ch
Captain James Anderson was in command of the ship which laid a telegraph cable under the Atlantic in 1866. His fellow Doonhamers put on a banquet worthy of such a significant achievement. The menu for the 200 invited guests at the Assembly Rooms was of a quality - and scale -
Darren Grayson has stepped down from the East Sussex Healthcare NHS Trust. The trust runs the Conquest Hospital in St Leonards and Eastbourne District General Hospital. In March the Care Quality Commission said A&E waiting times were 'excessive' Campaigners have called for the resignation of the board
Police have seen an increase in collisions on the Maxwell Road, Macadam Road junction. The works on Gdynia Way near Plymouth's city centre have been in place since June. Plymouth City Council said temporary traffic lights would be put on the junction.
Putin. War is based on facts that have already appeared in Russian and foreign media. But authors say putting the facts together makes a compelling case for accusing Putin of waging war in Ukraine for his own ends. Russia has consistently denied accusations that it has sent regular troops and armour to help rebels.
James, 27, has been in and out of prison since he was 18 years old. Jason, 38, has lost count of the number of times he has been locked up. Ryan, 29, has 12 weeks left to serve of his sentence at HMP Addiewell in West L
Duddy was a key link between the IRA and the Secret Intelligence Service. He hosted talks in his own living-room involving a top British spy and Martin McGuinness. These talks would ultimately pave the way for peace in Northern Ireland in the 1990s.
Officers working with sniffer dogs uncovered the illicit haul at six properties in the Freeman Street area of the town. North East Lincolnshire Council's Trading Standards team said it was the largest haul since it began a crackdown on illicit products last year.
Edinburgh celebrations claim to be the UK's largest outdoor winter festival celebrations. Entertainers performing for the crowds included Paolo Nutini, The Charlatans, Fatherson and Be Charlotte. The Edinburgh events are estimated to be worth more than £40m to the Scottish economy.
The 1.8-tonne British bomb was found during construction work. It will be Germany's biggest post-war evacuation for an unexploded bomb. The operation will affect 32,000 households within a 1.5km (0.9 mile) radius of the site.
Fossil of long-necked, 245 million-year-old marine reptile from China reveals it was carrying an embryo. All examples of this group, known as the Archosauromorpha, lay eggs. Dinocephalosaurus, a distant ancestor of crocodiles,
There were more than 2,000 family doctors in Wales in September 2014. Plaid Cymru highlighted a 1% fall in GP numbers from 2013/14. 23% of GPs were aged 55 or over and nearing retirement age.
Those born between the mid-1940s and mid-1960s are better off than any other age group. They have enjoyed enormous increases in the value of their homes and generous pensions. Young people born in the 1980s have only half the wealth of those born a decade earlier.
The Vector V40R powerboat flipped over and hit a buoy in the Solent in May last year. The teenage son of the driver spent a month in an induced coma after suffering life-threatening injuries. He was saved by the "selfless" actions his father after the crash,
Roger Hayes, 75, and son Andy, 39, died when their twin-seat plane crashed. The plane crashed 20 minutes after taking off from nearby Limoges. Inquest heard the single-engine Jabiru 450 had been heading to the southern French town of Rodez when it crashed into
UK policy in Syria has been hampered by 'wishful thinking', says Mark Urban. Officials underestimated the staying power of President Bashar al-Assad, he says.
Prof Hawking's lecture is part of a raft of new BBC Radio 4 programmes unveiled on Monday. They include Glenda Jackson's return to acting, in a drama based on a cycle of 20 novels by French writer Emile Zola. Miles Jupp is to take over as the new
Ministry response shows 5% of council schools have budget deficits. Lib Dem leader Tim Farron said funding gaps had become a 'national scandal' Heads of every state school in West Sussex sent a letter to Downing Street. Warned they would have to consider cutting school hours or
Airport ground workers' union called strike after government rejected pension plan request. 3,000 baggage handlers, airport security and weather forecasters at 12 Chilean airports joined the strike. Most flights coming out of or landing in Chile's main airports were cancelled or delayed.
Kim Wall, 30, was last seen on board Peter Madsen's submarine on Thursday evening. Submarine later sank and Mr Madsen was rescued before being arrested and charged with manslaughter. The stricken vessel, the Nautilus, has been raised but no body was found and the search for
Citizens Advice says that the bills hit thousands of pounds in some cases. As many as 2.1 million consumers a year receive some sort of catch up bill. In 2007, suppliers signed a voluntary commitment not to back-bill domestic customers for energy used more than 12 months previously.
Ciaran Williamson, eight, was playing with friends in Craigton Cemetery when a headstone fell on him. Council employee David MacCall told inquiry in the days after Ciaran's death, between 500 and 900 headstones were laid flat over safety concerns. Another boy was injured by
MI6 launches its first ever cinema advert, aimed at attracting different types of candidate. Aim of advert is to wean public off grotesquely misleading stereotype. Part of drive to recruit from widest, most diverse cross-section of society.
Group like-for-like revenues were up 5% with turnover at Â£9.7bn. In the UK and Ireland the group trades as Carphone Warehouse, Currys and PC World. CEO Seb James said they had posted record profits but it was vital the government struck a
James Franklin has been made full-time captain in the County Championship and One-Day Cup. The 35-year-old batsman will link up again with his ex-Black Caps team-mate Daniel Vettori. Vettori was appointed Middlesex's Twenty20 coach on a three
Baosteel is to take over Wuhan Iron and Steel. Both companies are majority-owned by the state. The merger will create a new company, China Baowu Iron & Steel Group. Based on data from 2015, the two firms together have an annual production of
Arsenal beat Aston Villa 1-0 in the FA Cup final at Wembley. Theo Walcott scored the opening goal for the Gunners in a one-sided victory. Alan Shearer says Arsenal's defensive display was as big a part as their attacking power. Shearer believes Arsene
Hear one woman's story of how her family were affected by the Partition of India.
Lord Alderdice says he does not think it is appropriate for the commission to return now. Talks will begin next week in Belfast in a bid to resolve the current crisis. The monitoring of paramilitary activity in Northern Ireland was conducted by the IMC until 2011.
Wydad Casablanca and Zesco could qualify for the semi-finals of Africa's premier club football competition. If Wydad defeat visiting ASEC Mimosas on Sunday in Group A. Mamelodi Sundowns of South Africa have won Group B thanks to three consecutive victories
Sheeran has 16 million Twitter and 5.5 million Instagram followers. He has just completed a world tour of his number one album x. His second album x topped the chart in the UK, Australia and the US.
Nine-year-old's family sought redress from NHS England and South Central Ambulance Service after he became unwell in 2007 aged six weeks. He received treatment at the Royal Berkshire Hospital, but it came too late to prevent injury to his brain. The organisations denied liability, but agreed to settle
Sevilla become first team to win the Champions League three seasons in a row. Liverpool conceded three goals in the space of 24 second-half minutes. Kevin Gameiro, Kevin Coke and Kevin Mirallas struck for the La Liga champions. Daniel Sturridge gave the Reds the lead at
More than 1.4 million students are taking the Bihar School Exams this year. Many students smuggled in textbooks and notes into the examination centres. Parents and friends were photographed scaling the walls of test centres to pass on answers. Some photos even show policemen posted outside the centres accepting bribes to
Australia beat West Indies by three wickets in second Test at Bellerive Oval. Pattinson takes four wickets for five runs as Australia enforce the follow-on. West Indies posted a first-innings total of 223 in response to Australia's 583-4 declared.
Drug ivermectin kills the first larval stage of the parasite - the babies of adult female worms. William C Campbell discovered this by studying bacteria living in soil samples. Chinese scientist Youyou Tu had been focusing her attentions in the 1960s and 70s on finding a new treatment for
Siemens and Mitsubishi increase cash component of their bid by 1.2bn euros to 8.2billion euros. The move comes just a day after rival bidder General Electric sweetened its offer. GE offered to create a joint venture with Alstom's nuclear and energy businesses
Carberry last played for Hampshire in July 2016. The 36-year-old was diagnosed with a cancerous tumour in July last year. He immediately started treatment and had a successful operation. Carberry scored exactly 100 off 121 balls in Hampshire's game against Cardiff MCCU.
Mark James said in 2012 he would not keep any damages he won over Jacqui Thompson. Carmarthenshire council funded chief executive's legal fees of more than £35,000. Mr James's lawyers would not say if this had been or would be given to the council.
Trained by Colin Tizzard, the 2-1 favourite took control at the penultimate hurdle. Reve De Sivola held on for second and Deputy Dan trailed in third.
Bolton Wanderers held to a goalless draw by Birmingham City at the Macron Stadium. The draw is the second in a row for Bolton, while Birmingham have four points following a win and a defeat in their first two games. Harry Redknapp brought new signing Isaac Vassell off
Vincent Janssen scored from the penalty spot after 50 minutes to give Holland the lead. Vardy rounded off a slick passing move to steer in Kyle Walker's cross four minutes before the interval. But England's defence lived on the edge too often and were punished for sloppy play.
Iron have lost three of their last six league games, but are still second in League One. The Iron were top of the table when they last won, against Port Vale on 28 January. Scunthorpe host the Cod Army on Saturday.
Angelo Fusco, 81, has been a keen observer of Italy's games against the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland for decades. He was brought up in Belfast, educated in Dublin, and his father had strong links with the Comino Valley. Angelo and his brothers witnessed the infamous 'Battle
A Volkswagen Crafter Van collided with a Peugeot Partner Van on the A702 near Biggar. A 58-year-old male passenger is in a serious but stable condition in hospital. Police said both vehicles suffered extensive damage in the collision.
Caf invite new bidders to bid for 2017 Africa Cup of Nations. Libya were originally set to host the tournament in 2013 but were replaced by South Africa. Civil unrest in the country meant the event ended up taking place in South Africa instead. A decision on Libya's replacement
Thousands lined the streets to cheer on the competitors. We spoke to a young Yorkshire resident Max to see what the atmosphere was like.
Lily James stars as modern Elizabeth Bennet in the film adaptation of Pride and Prejudice and Zombies. Seth Grahame-Smith's novel was on the New York Times bestseller list for more than 41 weeks. James says she was inspired by films like The Terminator and Angel
Mageean's coach Jerry Kiernan says she was unaware of the event. The meeting takes place in Vaasa, Finland from 23-25 June. Kiernan says Mageean has already committed to running an 800m in Sligo.
Inverness draw 1-1 with Dundee in Scottish Championship clash. Ross Draper opened the scoring for Dundee before Kane Hemmings equaliser. Inverclyde boss Paul Hartley says his side could have won the game 5-1.
Firefighters called to BBC studios in Elstree, Hertfordshire, at 23:00 GMT on Tuesday. Flames reported in parts of a building on Albert Square after rehearsals had finished. A firework is believed to have caused the fire, which did not lead to serious damage
Girisha Hosanagara Nagarajegowda won a silver medal in the Men's High Jump F42 class. Questions are being raised at the country's ability to translate the tone into awareness of disabled rights. India is not known for being friendly towards the disabled and most public
John Jackson worked in the Witham-based criminal justice mental health team. Concerns were raised about his internet use in 2013. Health and Care Professions Council panel heard 40% of his work involved porn. Mr Jackson was dismissed following an internal disciplinary hearing in August 2013.
Mourinho was one of the most colourful characters in the British game. He won the Premier League twice, the FA Cup, the League Cup twice and the Community Shield at Chelsea. BBC Sport looks at some of Mourinho's best quotes and controversies.
Robbie Walsh, of Island View, Kilrush, was charged with assault causing serious harm to Karl Haugh. Two other men arrested over the killing were released without charge. Mr Haugh, 25, was stabbed in a laneway in the Marian estate in the early hours of Sunday.
Adidas cancels contract of Sunderland winger Johnson hours after he was dropped. The 28-year-old will stand trial on Friday on two counts of sexual activity with a child. Johnson denies the charges, which he will contest at Bradford Crown Court. Sunderland manager Sam Allardy
Robert Gray, 60, submitted a string of false VAT returns between October 2011 and August 2013. The fabricated returns triggered repayments he was not entitled to, Dumbarton court heard. Gray was caught following an investigation by HMRC.
Andrew Travers left the authority by "mutual agreement" after the error. Voters were initially turned away from all 155 polling stations in the borough. An independent investigation has been launched, the council said.
Lara Clarke, from Brownhills, has made cakes of Hollywood stars Johnny Depp and Jennifer Lawrence. Her latest creation, baked to celebrate the Defender model, fed 2,000 people at an event in Solihull. The half-scale replica weighed 600kg and featured working headlights
John Yianni said he started getting abusive and "weird" phone calls when the campaign appeared on Twitter. The Lib Dems said it was "an innocent mistake" and the site had been changed. Party spokesman blamed an "over-enthusiastic volunteer" who released an early
Neymar joined Barcelona from Brazilian club Santos in June 2013. Barcelona had been accused of tax fraud over the signing, which it denied. Club president Josep Maria Bartomeu says there was a "mistake" in tax planning.
Noah Pozner and Jack Pinto, both aged six, buried on Monday. Other victims' funerals will be held throughout the week. White House spokesman says tighter gun control laws are part of the answer.
Royal Society and Royal Academy of Engineering say technique is safe if firms follow best practice and rules are enforced. Exploratory fracking is being mooted in at least seven sites around the UK. Fracking involves drilling down into shale formations and fracturing the rock using explosives or hydraulic pressure.
911 caller said "they were going to blow up the Statue of Liberty" Federal police arrived and sniffer dogs found "an area of interest" After a sweep, the area was declared safe by late afternoon.
Taoiseach was interviewed live from his party's conference in Galway. Mr Cowen had to deny being drunk or hungover during the interview. Fine Gael's Simon Coveney accepted Mr Cowen's apology on Wednesday.
Herd, 27, was a free agent after cancelling a move to Perth Glory. Nouble, 25, spent last season at Chinese side Tianjin Quanjian. Herd has been capped four times by Australia.
Tottenham could play Champions League games at Wembley next season. Spurs are having a new £400m stadium built next to their existing home White Hart Lane. They aim to move into their new 61,000-seat home before the 2018-19 season.
Lethal yellowing has wiped out almost half of Antigua's coconut palms. The disease is spread by a plant-hopping insect that is believed to have entered the country from abroad. Tourism-dependent island's tourism industry has been hit hard by the disease. Officials
Manufacturing and construction proving to be a drag on the whole economy. Biggest fall in output came from the basic iron and steel sector. Oil and gas industries saw sharp gains, increasing production 17% in February, and 10.9% in March from the same months a year earlier.
Zeid Raad Al Hussein described the incident in Cizre as 'extremely shocking' Cizre has been the focus of an offensive by Turkey's army against the Kurdish rebel group, the PKK. Mr Al Hussein expressed concern over reports that the man who filmed the incident was arrested.
1 December 2016 is the final instalment of the Money Advice Service's monthly calender. Nick Hill from the service says that now is the time to start thinking of money resolutions.
Pre-inquest hearing into the deaths of 21 people in attacks at two pubs in 1974 opened. Coroner Peter Thornton QC said he supported the families' claim for legal aid. Last week marked the 42nd anniversary of the tragedy in Birmingham. In June it was confirmed that inquests into
Benaud, 84, is said to have died peacefully in his sleep on Thursday. He will be remembered in a private funeral attended only by his immediate family, Australian media reported. His widow Daphne phoned the PM's office on Saturday to "kindly decline" the offer,
US says it is willing to discuss with Iran what measures can halt advance of ISIS rebels. But US officials dismiss reports of military collaboration with Iran. Human rights chief Navi Pillay says systematic killings in Iraq 'almost certainly amounted to war crimes' Militants, led by ISIS,
The 18-year-old was last seen in Inverness on 10 November on CCTV. A member of the public alerted emergency services to the discovery on Sunday. Police Scotland said formal identification has still to take place.
Prices rose 0.8% in the month compared with 0.1% in November. Overall in 2015 house prices rose by 4.5%, with the average price of a property in the UK now at Â£196,999. London remained the strongest performing region for the fifth year running
Murray beat Kyrgios 6-3 7-6 (7-5) 6-4 to reach Australian Open semi-finals. Briton will play Tomas Berdych in the last four on Thursday. Berdych is working with Murray's former coach Dani Vallverdu who left
Inverness manager John Hughes played Ryan Christie and Liam Polworth as teenagers at Inverness. Ryan Christie is now a Celtic forward and his father wants more home-grown players in every match squad. "There should be a rule in Scottish football to do it," says Christie.
The fire blew out the windows of the house, leading to reports of an explosion. Emergency services attended the scene at 02:50 BST and discovered the body. Police and fire service are carrying out a joint investigation into the cause of the fire.
The shooting occurred at a hostel attached to the private Pragati Residential School. Police say the alleged gunman, identified as Mahesh, was working as an office assistant. Incidents of gun crime at schools and colleges in India are very rare.
Bandstand Marathon was the official finale event of the London 2012 Festival. The 12-week festival was the climax of the Cultural Olympiad - a programme of arts events that has been running since 2008. London 2012 element of the festival began on 21 June and closes on 9 September.
Tobacco was the first mass comforter. After World War Two, National Service in the armed forces regularised the fag break for almost everyone. Bottled water is now challenging the consumption of fizzy sweetened drinks. The phone links its obsessed user with others - not
Six-month interim deal agreed in Geneva prompted a fall in oil prices on markets. But Israel's prime minister has warned the agreement is a "historic mistake" On Monday Benjamin Netanyahu announced that an Israeli team led by national security adviser Yossi Cohen would travel to Washington for talks on the deal.
NHS Highland required an additional £2.5m to help it break even in 2013-14. MSPs questioned how well informed board members were of the financial situation. The health board said it had acted to address the concerns raised by the committee.
Car dragged for several hundred metres after being struck by Paris-bound train. Car "seemed to have stopped in the middle of the tracks" before the crash. None of the 34 passengers on the train, which was travelling from Le Mans to Paris, were hurt.
Amina Ali Nkeki, 19, was one of 219 schoolgirls abducted by Boko Haram in April 2014. She was found with a baby in Sambisa Forest by army-backed vigilante group on Tuesday. Nigerian military says she will be taken to Maiduguri for
UEFA to make about 1,000 extra tickets available to Northern Ireland fans. Some fans who said they ranked near the top of the IFA's 'priority list' missed out on tickets. Northern Ireland are to play Poland, Ukraine and Germany in France in June.
Scots will compete in 15 of the 42 sports at Rio de Janeiro 2014. It is the largest ever contingent of Scots in a Great Britain team for an overseas Olympics. Andy Murray, Heather Stanning and Katherine Grainger among returning medallists. David Florence, Luke Patience and
Iran accused BBC of inciting unrest after Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's disputed 2009 re-election. BBC Persian broadcast online videos and interviewed protesters who described deaths, injuries and arbitrary arrests. Mark Thompson: "We have witnessed increased levels of intimidation alongside disturbing new tactics" Sister of a BBC Persian
Wales is ready to support UK government in welcoming greater numbers of vulnerable children. Home Office says priority is to ensure safety of children in the Calais camp. Children's charity Unicef has appealed to UK government to speed up the transfer of refugees.
There are estimated to be 350-500 Gourma elephants left in northern Mali. Poaching has been linked in the past to rebel groups in the region, who have connections to smuggling rings. Northern Mali has been a flashpoint of conflict since Mali's independence from French rule in 1960.
Colonel-in-chief will attend the colours parade at Welsh rugby stadium on 11 June. The presentation of new colours will be the final formal recognition of The Royal Welsh. She will also address the regiment and meet soldiers, their families and others associated with the regiment.
Anastasia Deyeva, 24, has been appointed a deputy interior minister in Ukraine. Some Ukrainians think she is not qualified for the job because she is young and inexperienced. Nude photos of her were posted online, but she insists they are nothing to do with her work.
Anna Egginton-Murray said there was nobody with the expertise to treat serious cases. She worked at Liverpool Prison and HMP Kennet, a prison for Category C inmates. Lancashire Care NHS Foundation Trust denied the list's existence and said severe cases were treated. Ministry
Hibs have lost their last four league games and are six points behind Falkirk. Midfielder joins up with Scotland squad on Friday ahead of friendly against Denmark. The 21-year-old hopes to show he can make the step up to full international level.
Public inquiry into Special Demonstration Squad (SDS) has been launched. It will look at allegations that officers infiltrated protest groups later accused of criminality. The inquiry will also look at the "operational governance and oversight" of undercover operations. Here are seven key themes and allegations that lie
Ofcom had been due to start accepting applications for the spectrum this month. Now, it looks unlikely to begin before the summer - with the European Commission's judgement on the O2-Three merge expected in May. The spectrum on offer could add capacity to 4G networks, but it is
Run-up to the poll was marked by violence with drug cartels blamed for the deaths of several candidates. Protesters and parents of 43 students who disappeared last year burned election material in town of Tixtla. A dissident teachers' union also burned ballots and ransacked offices of political
Zlatan Ibrahimovic is out of contract with Paris St-Germain at the end of the season. The 34-year-old has been linked with a move to Manchester United. Football finance expert Rob Wilson says Ibrahimovic would be Manchester United's most marketable player since Cristiano
The roll-on roll-off vehicle and passenger vessel is the third of its type to be built for CalMac. The ship is almost 150ft long and can take up to 150 passengers, 23 cars or two HGVs. It will use a low-carbon hybrid system that combines traditional diesel power
My daughter received her AS results this morning which were disappointing. She got Bs in the two subjects she sat, with her other two subjects coming under the new rules where she simply takes her A-level in those two subjects next year. Her father wants her to resit the year, change schools
Dow Jones was down 178.84 points or 1.03%, at 17,425.03. S&P 500 was down 0.95% at 2,043.86, while the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite was 1.15% lower at 5,007.41. For
Mr Cameron told the BBC last week he would not serve a third term as PM. Downing Street said he would serve "every single day" of a second term. Mr Cameron has tipped Home Secretary Theresa May, Chancellor George Osborne and Boris Johnson.
Insecurity was a running concern in many parts of the continent in 2013. Some of the security concerns of this year will drag on into 2014. 2013 will forever be remembered as the year one of the greatest figures of modern history passed away.
Sheikh Obeikan was an adviser to the royal cabinet. He opposed moves to relax some stricter interpretations of Saudi law. His comments were taken to be an attack on tentative steps towards relaxing some laws.
Tesco has been looking to dispose of its loss-making US food chain for some time. Around 4,000 of Fresh & Easy's 5,000 employees are to transfer to new business as part of the deal. Fresh & Easy operates 200 stores across California, Nevada and Arizona.
Len Richards has been named as the new chief executive of Cardiff and Vale University Health Board (CVUHB) Mr Richards is currently the deputy chief executive for South Australia Health. The CVUHB chair Maria Battle said he brought "broad international" experience to the role.
Shiels played for Dundalk last season. The 32-year-old is son of Derry City manager Kenny Shiels. He spent four years at Rangers where he played in two promotion-winning teams.
Kanye West played a snippet of Four Five Seconds at the iHeartMedia music summit. The song is a slower, acoustic guitar-driven number. It follows West's collaboration with McCartney at the beginning of the year. West has previously collaborated with both Rihanna and McCartney.
Baltimore mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake replaced Police Commissioner Anthony Batts. She replaced him with his deputy, Kevin Davis, for an interim period. The city was rocked by riots in April when a black man died after suffering injuries in police custody. Six officers were charged over the death of
Nearly 49,000 items were dispensed in England in 2016. In 2014 the figure was about 37,000, and in 2012 it was 27,000. Drug carries warning of side-effects including depression and mood changes.
Last month the army freed 39 captives, mostly women and children. They were brought to the capital Lima by air from an isolated valley in the Amazon region. Some of the captives said they had been seized some 30 years ago.
Kevin Whyman, 39, was killed in the crash at Oulton Park, Cheshire. CarFest organisers said the festival had resumed but there would be no further aerial displays. A minute's silence has been held at the festival site and visitors stopped to pay their respects.
Mullah Mansour assumed leadership in July 2015, replacing Mullah Mohammad Omar. US Secretary of State John Kerry said Mansour posed "continuing, imminent threat to US personnel" Pentagon said operation took place near the town of Ahmad Wal at around 15:00 (10:00
Donald Trump will address the nation at 21:00 local time (01:00 GMT) He said he had reached a decision after reviewing war options with national security team. Mr Trump once called for a full US pullout from Afghanistan. He announced a strategic review soon after taking office in January
Ryanair was a strong performer, up 5.2%, after it said profits would be 25% higher than thought. Hargreaves Lansdown's shares were up 7% after its results and Barratt Developments shares were 0.2% higher after an initial 2% rise.
Ricky Burns becomes first Scot to win world titles at three weights. Scottish boxer beat Italy's Michele Di Rocco at Glasgow's Hydro on Saturday night. Burns' record stands at 40 wins from 46 bouts, 11 of those have been world title fights.
65,000 Rohingya fled to Bangladesh as the military searched for those behind attacks on police border posts. Many of those who fled described rapes, killings and other abuses by the army. But the military said its own investigation found the claims were "false and fabricated" Tensions between Rohingya Muslims
Ministry of Justice said it will spend Â£70m helping victims this year. Every victim who reports a crime is entitled to a statement about how it has affected their life. Baroness Newlove said 15% of victims had been given the opportunity to make a statement.
Helen Garner won the Windham-Campbell prize for body of non-fiction work. "I thought what the hell is this? Somebody's having me on," Garner said. The prize is one of world's richest literary awards.
Ingeborg Rapoport (then Syllm) finished her medical studies in 1937 and wrote her doctoral thesis on diphtheria. Her mother was a Jewish pianist, so under Hitler's anti-Semitic laws she was prevented from defending it. In 1938 she fled to the
Steve Sidwell will join Stoke from Fulham on a two-year deal on 1 July. The 31-year-old was Fulham's top scorer in the Premier League last season. Sidwell played in all 38 of the Cottagers' top-flight fixtures in 2013-14
Marjory Stewart, of Bellshill, Lanarkshire, is alleged to have crashed into three other vehicles during the incident in Portsoy in July. She is accused of failing to keep her car under proper control. The case continued without plea until next month.
Council of Mortgage Lenders said 2,500 homes were repossessed in April, May and June. Lenders said low interest rates were keeping the numbers down but homeowners must prepare for a rate rise. More than a million householders had never experienced a rise in the Bank of England's base
Former Labour MP Huw Irranca-Davies stood down to run for Welsh Assembly election. In the 2015 General Election, Labour won the seat with 52% of the vote and the Conservatives came second with 15%.
Councils get income from council tax, a share of business rates, any income they generate themselves from services plus a grant from central government. "Core funding" worked out by number of homes multiplied by a set amount. Each authority has a different value set per dwelling. If we look at
Daryl Mitchell becomes 14th PCA chairman since its creation in 1967. The 33-year-old former captain takes over from Glamorgan wicketkeeper Mark Wallace. Mitchell replaced by Joe Leach as Worcestershire captain for 2017.
Responsible Travel, based in Brighton, specialises in wildlife holidays. It says keeping animals in zoos is inhumane and is no longer relevant. Most of the zoos involved in the firm's decision are in southeast Asia.
Lionel Richie will perform 20 shows in Las Vegas next year. The cheapest tickets, which go on sale on Friday, start at $59 (Â£38) The singer played the Pyramid Stage at Glastonbury in June.
East Sussex Wildlife Rescue said it had rescued 25 birds in the last 12 months at Ditchling Common Country Park. In the latest incident a fishing hook had to be removed from a swan's tongue in the charity's operating theatre. East Sussex County Council said it inspected the lakes and removed
Sean O'Brien's wonder try in the first Test will be remembered. Sonny Bill Williams' red card in the second Test was a huge moment. Owen Farrell's mental ability to step back and kick crucial penalties shows his ability to totally zone in when he has to.
Kent Police said paedophile hunter activities can hinder investigations. Det Ch Supt Tom Richards of Kent Police said it diverts resources away from real children. The Hunted One claims to have caught 57 people, leading to 27 convictions.
Swansea have let in nine goals in their last four games and are 17th in the league. The Swans were bottom of the Premier League in January but have won four of their last nine games. Manager Paul Clement's side have conceded 63 goals this season - the highest in the
The fire started at South Wales Wood Recycling in Heol Llan, Coity. Firefighters from Pencoed and Bridgend have isolated the burning material. The company said the "circumstances were suspicious"
In Uig, local authority-run toilets have been out of order since the beginning of the year. Highland Council said it was seeking quotes for the repair work needed. The availability of toilets on Skye has been raised previously.
Roedd Jane Marion Lord, 76 oed, wedi ceisio stopio ei char Vauxhall Corsa coch, rhag rholio i lawr y ffordd yn ei chartref ger Castell Newydd Emlyn, Ceredigion.
Joey Haddad was named Devils' forward of the year in 2016-17. Haddad scored 24 goals and 29 assists in 66 games last season. The 28-year-old was a dominant force as Devils won the Elite League.
England declare on 490-8, a lead of 321, after losing three wickets before tea. Joe Root (72), Dawid Malan (61), Ben Stokes (58) and Chris Woakes (61) also help England take control. West Indies' openers survive six
Culture committee split six-to-four with Tory members branding it 'partisan' Labour and Lib Dems back report, but Tory members refuse to endorse it. News Corp says it is 'carefully reviewing' report and will respond'shortly' Report concludes Murdoch exhibited 'wil
Arthur and Joan Frost lost their daughter Julie Bennet and her husband Mike in February. An image of the couple during their last moments was released by their children. The appeal has raised over Â£275,00 to help them stay in their home in Wirral.
Southern's parent firm Govia Thameslink is in dispute with both the RMT and Aslef unions. The planned six-day strike involves train drivers from both unions, most routes expected to have no services. RMT union began the 72-hour walkout on New Year's Eve
Fe gysylltodd teulu Elen Jones, 36 oed a'i mab wyth oed, Lewis Rhys Jones gyda'r heddlu iddweud nad yw'rddau wedi cael eu gweld ers
Rachid Lamrabet, 42, denies sexually assaulting a 25-year-old man. The trial had only just begun at the High Court in Livingston on Monday. English is not the accused's native language, and a Spanish interpreter sat with him in the dock so he could understand the proceedings
Gothenburg City Council spent $1.3m on a six-hour work day trial in the Swedish city. Nurses working shorter hours logged less sick leave, reported better perceived health. The project also reduced sick pay costs and fuelled global debates about work culture. But critics say
New docks and a new pipeline network have been built to receive the gas. Ineos said the move means it is now in "great shape" to run the plant at full capacity. The firm successfully completed operational trials of the Train 2 unit.
The 21-year-old has had six loan spells with Port Vale, Yeovil and Gillingham. The centre-back has also played for England at Under-21 level. He joins a club which has won just one of their opening five League One games.
Harmonie-Rose Allen was diagnosed with a rare form of meningococcal septicaemia. Her family have stuck pink ribbons around the estate where she lives to raise money for her care.
Hearts have signed Danish top-flight club AGF Aarhus defender Kevin Eckersley. The 28-year-old has spent the past four years with the Danish top flight club. Scotland Under-21 international Kevin McHattie is Hearts' first-choice left-back.
Tepco says it will need up to nine months to bring the power plant to ''cold shutdown'' The firm said it also planned to cover the reactor building. Nearly 14,000 people died in the earthquake and tsunami on 11 March. Hillary Clinton pledges America's'steadfast support
Liberty, headed by Sanjeev Gupta, was first to express an interest in the assets when they were put up for sale. Tata has not publicly set a deadline for any deal, but has made it clear it cannot sustain its £1m-a-day losses indefinitely.
Vatican usually responds within six weeks to approve such a new ambassador. Nomination of Laurent Stefanini was seen as a litmus test for Pope Francis. Vatican traditionally makes no statement if it intends to decline a nomination.
Stuart McCall and Pat Bonner assesses the performances of Rangers and Celtic. Former Rangers and Scotland midfielder Stuart McCall rates Rangers' players. Pat Bonner rates Ronny Deila's players.
Jeremiah Regis, aged two-and-a-half, was found injured on November 20. Sindyann Regis and Chevaze Mcgregor appeared at Wolverhampton Crown Court. Court heard Jeremiah was found with more than 100 injuries, including a bite to the chest.
Paul Walker's daughter Meadow files wrongful death lawsuit against Porsche. She alleges the carmaker took safety shortcuts when it crashed and caught fire in 2013. Walker was a passenger in a Porsche a friend was driving when it hit a pole and burst into flames.
Tragedy in the city of Tultepec has killed 35 people and injured another 70. The San Pablito fireworks market has been burned to the ground three times in the past decade. Most of the victims are so badly burned their bodies will have to be identified using DNA testing
Current flu vaccines focus on the mutating part of the virus. Two US teams have found success with an approach that homes in on a stable part. Studies are now needed in humans to confirm that the method will work in man. Experts say people should continue to receive an annual flu jab.
There are 56 cases involving 97 deaths in Northern Ireland. They include killings by police officers and soldiers, and allegations of collusion. Twenty-two of the cases are more than 40 years old. Families of those who were killed and legal teams have been asked to inform the court of the issues
Louis Cryer was 18 and in Sri Lanka with his mother Zoe and brother Felix. They were staying in an idyllic beach village called Unawatuna in Galle district. It took a matter of seconds for a wall of water of about 5ft (1.52m) in
The government wants migrants to wait four years before they can claim tax credits. The aim is opposed by many EU countries - particularly in eastern Europe - who say it would be discriminatory. PM has indicated he would consider other ways of reducing migrants' incentives, to get a deal with the EU.
The premiere was held in New York on Sunday evening ahead of its opening this weekend. Ben Affleck stars in the film as Batman, with Henry Cavill taking the role of Superman. The film is directed by Zack Snyder and written by David S Goyer and Chris Terrio.
Independent Monitoring Board (IMB) found blocked toilets and leaking sewage at Pentonville. Ministry of Justice said more resources were being put in place at the London jail. The IMB concluded: "The contract is working neither for us nor the taxpayer"
Ms Trump will have access to classified information but no official title or salary. She will serve as her father's "eyes and ears" while providing broad-ranging advice. The 35-year-old will join husband Jared Kushner, who is a senior adviser to the president. Ms Trump
The Red Lion in Northmoor was put up for sale last year after failing to find tenants. Locals formed the NorthMoor Lion Ltd, secured a loan and bought the pub in November 2013. Since then, 70 people have bought company shares, raising about £300,000.
Group accuses Facebook of 'disproportionate censorship' of users of colour. Wants site to specify which rules a deleted post has broken, and provide an appeal process. Facebook has previously responded to a letter, but has not replied to latest one.
M4 between Cardiff West services and Magor, east of Newport, is regularly congested. Little disagreement that the M4 is busiest around Newport, partly because of the unusually large number of junctions. Big question in terms of easing congestion is how much the Metro integrated road-and-rail
British Under-23 time-trial champion Mel Lowther will compete in her title-winning event and women's road race next month in Herning. Alice Barnes, Ellie Dickinson, Lucy Shaw and Abi Van Twisk complete the road race line-up. Head coach Iain Dyer
Shane Long gave the Republic of Ireland the lead with a first-half strike. Luuk de Jong equalised in the 85th minute to give the Dutch hope of victory. Harry Arter was named man of the match after winning only his second cap.
Katie Zelem's first-minute opener gave Liverpool Ladies the lead. Karen Carney, Fran Kirby, Drew Spence and Eniola Aluko put Chelsea 4-1 up at half-time. Emma Hayes' side face Arsenal in the Women's FA Cup Final at Wembley on
New security bill expected to be approved by President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Police will have right to conduct stop-and-search, detain people for up to 48 hours. Critics say that could mean a firecracker or a simple slingshot. Governors - who are appointed by the government -
Poet Thomas was staying in Apartment 205 in the renowned hotel before his death in 1953. Developers are about to refurbish the building which will affect the layout of the apartment. Geoff Haden, who restored the poet's Swansea birthplace, is appealing for help to stop the work
America is the number one country in the world for youth participation in football. More than three million youngsters were registered to play in 2014, compared with just 103,432 in 1974. Major League Soccer matches now have a higher average attendance - 19,148 in 2014 - than basketball and ice hockey
Selling as much as you can to anyone and everyone can have unintended consequences. LVMH has had its Chinese business undermined by bulk sales ferried into the country by so-called "daigou" agents. The luxury goods industry on the whole is very choosey about whom it
Those detained include players and directors from around 30 clubs from Italy's third and fourth divisions. More than 70 people are also under investigation in the inquiry led by prosecutors in the southern town of Catanzaro. Police said that some of those charged had links to mafia organisations.
Commissioner Sarah Rochira has branded the use of antipsychotic drugs in care homes a 'national scandal' Health boards and care homes have said changes are being made. Survey last year found 18% of dementia patients were being prescribed drugs.
With no general elections to fight, relationships between main Stormont parties eased. Tensions raised by Belfast union flag dispute prevented any mid-term détente. Londonderry spent the year basking in its status as UK City of Culture. Relations between Northern Ireland's leaders hit a
Cooper signed a first professional deal last summer. The 18-year-old is yet to make a senior appearance for Birmingham City. Cooper is the son of former Swindon, Peterborough and Darlington manager Mark Cooper.
Highland Council has a plan to give every P6 to S6 students access to a tablet computer. The local authority said the study also suggested that good teaching coupled with technology could benefit pupils. Study of schoolchildren in more than 70 countries was carried out for the OECD.
Tracy Kearns, 43, of Kinmel Bay, has not been seen since 7 May. A 48-year-old man was arrested on suspicion of murder on Thursday. Ms Kearns is described as 5ft 3ins (1.6m) tall with sandy coloured shoulder-length hair
Inspectors report'marked increase' in prisoner safety at HMP Risley since last inspection. New psychoactive substances (NPS) were 'undermining prisoner well-being' Chief Inspector of Prisons Peter Clarke said the findings were 'disappointing'
US officials said Russia staged no air strikes in Syria in the past week. Strikes come days after President Vladimir Putin ordered the withdrawal of most Russian forces. IS militants captured the ancient city of Palmyra last May.
Aaron Saucedo, 23, had already been charged with murder in connection with a killing in August 2015. Now he has been linked to the deaths of eight other people, between January and July 2016. Police say they have not identified a motive but believe he acted alone.
Iranian hardliners fear nuclear deal may have opened the floodgates to undesirable Western influences. They see Iran's participation in the talks as another worrying sign President Hassan Rouhani is deviating from the Islamic revolutionary path. Iran's policy of ensuring the survival of President Assad has many critics at home
84% of allergic children could eat the equivalent of five peanuts a day after six months. Peanuts are the most common cause of fatal allergic reactions to food. There is no treatment so the only option for patients is to avoid them completely, leading to a lifetime of checking every food label before a meal
Labour says ministers put "personal ambition" before national interest. Two clashed over ways to tackle extremism after reports of plot in Birmingham schools. Mrs May told MPs she "did not authorise" the release of the letter to Mr Gove.
Mead producers in the US have banded together to form an industry group, the American Mead Makers Association. Mead is classified as wine by the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau, which regulates alcohol sales and labelling. This means that mead has to be labelled as "
Tunnel closure is part of a Â£750m upgrade to enable faster, bigger and greener electric trains. The disruption will last from 13 June to 27 July and is expected to last for six weeks. ScotRail advised passengers to add at least 30 minutes to their planned journey
John Stollery, 58, was one of 30 UK holidaymakers killed by a gunman near Sousse. His wife Cheryl said her husband was the most "fantastic man" and his legacy could bring about "peace" and "understanding" The terror attack on June 26 claimed the
Discovery was made at Whitehills harbour at about 13:30. Police Scotland said: "Inquiries into the circumstances are at an early stage"
Lib Dem leader says only another "stable and strong" coalition involving his party could save country. Says the last thing Britain needs is a second election before Christmas. Insists his MPs could be "guarantors of stability at a time of great uncertainty" Refuses to be drawn
RSPB says new facilities will bring more visitors and improve access to nesting birds. The centre, which attracts about 76,000 people a year, has been closed since September. It now has a bigger reception, sheltered place for education and space for community groups.
Spurs will not appeal against violent conduct charge handed to Moussa Sissoko. France midfielder will miss games against Liverpool, Leicester and Arsenal. Spurs boss Mauricio Pochettino says the elbow was in the face of Harry Arter. Arter says he is happy to accept
Independent unionist MLA John McCallister has tabled a bill in the assembly that proposes big changes to the workings of the devolved parliament and government. He argues that his plans would help to move politics in Northern Ireland away from tribal divisions. Under his plans, parties would have to gain
Keep Military Museum in Dorchester plans to convert a bunker into an interactive experience. It also wants to create an online gallery of Dorset and Devon people who fought in the war. The museum is receiving the money from the Heritage Lottery Fund.
Celtic striker scored a hat-trick in 5-2 win over St Johnstone on his return from injury. The 20-year-old has scored 23 times since his £500,000 summer move from Fulham. Chelsea were reportedly considering a £40m offer for the
Hibs beat Rangers 3-2 in Scottish Premiership clash at Parkhead. Rangers took an early lead through Alfredo Morelos before Simon Murray equalised. Vykintas Slivka and James Tavernier scored in second half for Hibs. Ryan Jack was sent off
Operation Anagram was formed by Strathclyde Police in 2006. Peter Tobin is serving three life sentences for the murders of Vicky Hamilton, Dinah McNicol and Angelika Kluk. Police said that while the operation was being scaled back it would never end.
Nottinghamshire beat Warwickshire by 10 runs in their One-Day Cup opener. Batsman Jonathan Trott hit 104, his 21st limited-overs century. Notts climb to fourth in North Group, three points behind leaders Worcestershire.
Juhel Miah was escorted off a flight from Iceland to New York by security staff. Council has written to the US Embassy to express its dismay at the treatment of Mr Miah. Muslim Council of Wales says it is "deeply troubled" by the incident.
Musadikur Rohaman and his wife Zohura Siddeka left for Syria in December 2014. Dry cleaners Mohammed Hussain and Mohamed Rohaman collected Â£10,000 for their brother, a fighter in Raqqa. Another two men, also appearing at the Old Bailey, deny funding offences
The report was commissioned by Stormont's Department for Social Development and the Department of the Environment. It concluded that introducing a single percentage of affordable housing across Northern Ireland will not work given current market conditions. Similar schemes operate in the rest of the UK and the Republic of Ireland.
Leipzig beat Hoffenheim 2-1 at the Allianz Arena. Sandro Wagner was sent off for kicking Stefan Ilsanker in the first half. Nadiem Amiri had given the visitors the lead before Timo Werner equalised. Marcel Sabitzer
The man, in his early 50s, slipped on the south ridge of 3,000ft-high Tryfan. RAF Sea King helicopter was called to help him back down the mountain. He was flown to Ogwen Valley mountain rescue team base after it was determined he did not need
Rangers have not won since beating Celtic in the Scottish Cup semi-final. Mark Warburton's side have now gone three games without a victory in all competitions. Livingston had gone into the game with only 17 fit players and gave a first start to 16-year-old Matthew
Cambridge United will host a Football Family Day on 9 October to raise funds. Former Newmarket Town player Shaun Whiter lost both his legs when he was hit by a car. Lionel Messi's shirt and one from Arda Turan will be auctioned off. Wayne
Vulnerable man targeted by two 'despicable individuals' in East Kilbride on Friday night. They threatened their 32-year-old victim with a knife before punching and robbing him. Det Con Stuart Burnside appealed for help in tracing the men.
Gloucestershire side come from behind to beat Tranmere 2-1. Forest Green's Ben Strevens sent off in injury time for spitting on the pitch. James Constable gave the away side the lead after a dour first period. Parkin scored a late winner
Bath winger missed matches against France and Wales after injuring his hamstring in January. Head coach Eddie Jones said he was "confident" Watson would feature against Italy. Northampton Saints prop Paul Hill has also been retained for the week-long training camp.
Mignon du Preez hit 116 off 99 balls to help South Africa to 272-6. Chloe Tryon added 89 for the sixth wicket with Chloe Tryon (52) Ireland were all out for 204, having lost the first match by 89 runs.
Fire service received more than 100 calls to flooding incidents in Southend. Roof of Pearl Dragon restaurant collapsed under the weight of the rain. Amusement arcade on Golden Mile overcome by water. A12 London-bound at Witham blocked by flood water.
Beauty pageants have been popular in the Philippines since colonial rule in the early 20th Century. Candidates need to start training at least six months before a competition. One of the most successful beauty camps is headed by Jonas Gaffud, CEO of Mercator. His team's
Guiseley hit the front spectacularly when Kevan Hurst swung in a corner to the edge of the box. John Rooney volleyed in past Nathan Ashmore. Ebbsfleet staged a dramatic second-half turnaround in the space of three minutes.
He said Manila would not "break or abrogate existing treaties" Relations between the old allies have become strained in recent months. Washington has voiced concerns over the Philippines' 'war on drugs'
Mick Antoniw said he was 'delighted' by the Supreme Court ruling on the issue. He said it is likely AMs would get a vote on the triggering process. But he said it will not be a veto on leaving the EU. AMs could decide to hold a
Hull City beat Southampton 2-1 in their Premier League clash at the KCOM Stadium. Goals from Robert Snodgrass and Michael Dawson gave the hosts victory. Hull had lost Abel Hernandez and Will Keane to first-half injuries. The win ends a six-game losing
Former BBC presenter James Hand suggested Clifford The Big Red Boat. The suggestion has attracted more than 27,000 votes in an online poll. Boaty McBoatface is 25,000 ahead of the second place suggestion, RRS Henry Worsley. There is no guarantee the ship
Jermain Defoe has signed for Bournemouth on a three-year deal. The 34-year-old England international scored 15 league goals last season for Sunderland. Defoe is seventh on the Premier League all-time goalscoring list with 158 goals in 468 appearances.
Lord Toby Harris of Haringey will review the "capability, capacity and collaboration arrangements of every London agency" The strategic review was one of Sadiq Khan's main manifesto promises. Lord Harris said there was a "developing threat picture"
Field Marshal Bernard Law Montgomery witnessed the surrender of Nazi forces in northern Europe on 4 May 1945. The order is one of the earliest written records of the German surrender. German forces in Italy had already surrendered on 2 May, but those in north-west Germany, Denmark and Holland surrendered on 4
John Whittingdale will oversee negotiations for the BBC's charter renewal. He has described the TV licence as "worse than a poll tax" He will also face the prospect of cuts to his department - the Department for Culture, Media and Sport. And press regulation will be on his
Ethan McKen, 24, was at the Black Sea resort of Sunny Beach, near Burgas. He and a friend were hit by a wave earlier on Saturday. Mr McKen was unable to get back to shore and his friends were unable to reach him. Thomas Cook is working with
Oscar-winner Jane Fonda, 76, was honoured at Hollywood event on Thursday. Michael Douglas: "Jane, you are true film royalty, not through birth, but through your talent" Fonda, nominated for seven Oscars, has won two Oscars for 1971's Klute and 1978
Devon and Cornwall police have seen a 55% rise in reports of sexual abuse in past four years. More than 380 historic allegations of rape involving a child reported to force since 2011. Police urged victims to come forward and said they would be protected. Charity Twelves Company,
Cristian Montano was one of six men arrested as part of spot-fixing investigation. The 22-year-old was released on bail until April 2014. Montano had been at Boundary Park since the summer of 2012.
13 cloned sheep are currently living out their lives on a farm owned by the University of Nottingham. Cloned from the same adult ewe as Dolly the sheep - the first cloned mammal born in 1996. The original Dolly died at the relatively modest age for a sheep of six
UKIP leader says referendum will be opportunity for UK to regain its "national self-confidence" He described David Cameron's renegotiation strategy as a "charade" which would yield only "minor" changes. EU leaders will discuss UK's reform agenda, including proposed curbs on benefits
Over the past 15 years, America's fortunes have changed with dizzying speed, writes Andrew Hammond. Polls show that Americans recognise that their country's international standing has waned, he says. But there has been no great public outcry as America's global standing has been diminished, he argues
Parma were relegated from Serie A and cannot now register for Serie B. The club won the Uefa Cup twice and the Cup Winners' Cup once in the 1990s. Parma's total debts are nearly 75m euros (£54m) Mike Piazza and Giuseppe
President Martelly told a woman to "go get a man and go into the bushes" at a rally in Miragoane. The remark was directed at a woman who had criticised Mr Martelly and his administration. Women's Affairs Minister Yves Rose Morquette, Social Affairs Minister Victor
Murs and Flack will replace Dermot O'Leary on The X Factor. The pair previously co-hosted the spin-off show The Xtra Factor on ITV2. Murs was a contestant on the show in 2009, when he was runner-up to Joe Mc
Gavin Roberts, 28, died of a brain injury after a collision on the A34 in Oxfordshire. Megan Williamson's petition calls for the speed limit to be reduced from 70 mph to 50 mph. She said "people treat it like a motorway and it is a very narrow
Blaze in Albion Terrace, Sheffield, started at about 08:10 BST. It is believed the unit was being used to manufacture soft toys from the film Minions. National Rail said trains are now running normally between Sheffield and Doncaster.
Daniel Clarke was found by the train track in Thung-kha, Chumphon province. He told police he stepped out to smoke between two carriages when he fell. The Foreign Office said a Briton had been hospitalised in Thailand.
Cardiff have surrendered nine points by conceding goals after the 80th minute since Warnock was appointed. The Bluebirds drew 1-1 with Birmingham on Saturday as Lukas Jutkiewicz struck in the 89th minute. Warnock's first defeat as Cardiff manager was the result
Guardiola has exiled some players from first-team training until they meet weight targets. Nasri missed six months of last season with a thigh injury he suffered in training. Guardiola says his fitness is "much better now" and should be back in two weeks.
Real Madrid beat Espanyol 5-0 in their La Liga clash. Karim Benzema, James Rodriguez, Cristiano Ronaldo and Oscar Duarte scored for Real. Ronaldo's hat-trick moves him level with Barcelona's Luis Suarez on 19 goals. Espanyol
Mr Akufo-Addo will be sworn in on January 7 after a one-month transition period. His main campaign promise was a "one district, one factory" policy that he says will industrialise the country. He is credited with preventing possible violence in 2012 by not rejecting the outcome
Thirty people have been arrested. The unrest began when drivers erected barricades in a protest against harassment and roadblocks by police demanding bribes. Robert Mugabe, 92, has been in power since independence in 1980.
Chelsea won the Premier League by a convincing margin last season. Jose Mourinho identified what he needed and went out and got it in the summer. The Blues have scored the first goal in 27 out of their 35 league matches this season.
Blast happened in a cafe in Velez-Malaga at about 17:00 GMT during a local festival. Local newspaper La Opinion de Malaga said that the chef had raised the alarm moments before the blast. The cause of the blast "could have been a gas leak," the town's
Andronicos Sideras, 55, is accused of mixing horsemeat with beef. He denies one count of conspiracy to defraud through his company Dinos & Sons. Two men who ran FlexiFoods have admitted passing horsemeat off as beef.
By 2014 half of India's population will have an identity tagged to a random, unique 12-digit number. The database will accommodate more than 12 billion fingerprints, 2.4 billion iris scans and 1.2 billion photographs. Once established and stored, a person's identity can easily be
Spy boss Charles Farr: Facebook, Twitter, YouTube and web searches classified as "external communications" This means they can be intercepted without need for a warrant and intercepted without extra clearance. Privacy group Privacy International labelled the policy "patronising" It is the first time the UK
M-Sport driver won three out of 17 stages in his first event since returning to WRC. Evans was more than six minutes behind team-mate Ogier. Toyota's Jari-Matti Latvala finished in second place, with M-Sport's Ott Tanak
Russia's plan for "de-escalation zones" backed by Iran and Turkey at talks in Kazakhstan. Turkey, which supports rebel groups, also agreed to act as a guarantor. But some delegates from the rebel forces angrily rejected the plan. Syrian and Russian warplanes would stop bombing
Mooboo Bubble Tea was attacked on social media and by campaign groups. A petition to demand it pay staff properly collected more than 40,000 signatures. Company has branches in London, Birmingham, Bradford, Coventry, Leeds, Liverpool, Manchester and Glasgow. Trainees will now be
Thomas Waldrom scored a hat-trick for the visitors. Frank Halai replied for Wasps on the stroke of half-time. Chiefs will be replaced at the top of the table if Saracens beat Newcastle Falcons on Sunday.
Siale Angilau, 25, died in hospital after being shot several times by a US marshal. FBI said he had rushed towards the witness with a pen in an "aggressive, threatening manner" Angilau was the last of 17 accused gang members tried as part of a 2010
Public Services Minister Leighton Andrews says Labour needs a new leader to win elections. Andy Burnham, Liz Kendall and Jeremy Corner are the other three candidates. First Minister Carwyn Jones has not named his preferred candidate for the top job. Mr Andrews said he understood the "rom
Equality and Human Rights Commission expresses concern about hate attacks. Calls for "accurate information and respectful debate" from politicians. Home Office said extra money had been allocated to tackle hate crime.
Mudlarking was originally a term for the poor who scavenged in the river's mud. It has been adopted by a new breed of treasure hunters armed with metal detectors. These men and women show off their favourite finds, and discuss the joys of mudlarkering.
Between 2011-12 and 2015-16 the number of patients with psychiatric problems rose by nearly 50%. For the under 18s alone the numbers almost doubled to nearly 22,000. Experts say a lack of early support means patients are reaching crisis point.
Motion condemned the paper for its "blatant lies" about the tragedy. The Society of Editors said the council was "stretching towards censorship" The motion recognised the efforts of campaign group Total Eclipse of the S*n to "rid" the city of the newspaper. Liverpool
Violet-Grace Youens died after Aidan McAteer's car struck her on Prescot Road, St Helens. McAteer pleaded guilty to causing death by dangerous driving at an earlier hearing. He was handed a jail sentence of nine years and four months.
Restrictions were imposed after 1989 merger of local bus companies Badgerline and Midland Red West. CMA said merger would remove competition for bus services contracted by former Avon County Council. Fears two firms could have too strong a bargaining position with the council. First Bristol said
Most Rev Justin Welby told worshippers at Canterbury Cathedral: 'On Easter Day hope decisively overcame fear' Tuesday's bombings in Brussels killed 28 people and injured dozens. Archbishop said hope can seem far away and fear so close "in the shadow of this week's darkness"
USS Mason was "conducting routine operations in international waters" north of the Bab al-Mandab strait. US says it "detected two inbound missiles" that hit the water before reaching the ship. Houthi spokesman says it had not targeted any warships. Saudi-
Personal Independence Payment (PIP) will replace the existing Disability Living Allowance (DLA) in April. Claimants who manage tasks, but not "reliably", will get higher payments. Ministers admit there were concerns that the proposals were "unclear"
Newport drew 0-0 with Colchester on Saturday to remain bottom of League Two. Manager Westley says more signings are imminent with a focus on midfield. Josh Sheehan is expected to stay at Newport for the rest of the season.
Mark Molesley scores late winner for Aldershot Town in FA Cup replay. Portsmouth still looking for first victory in the competition since 2010. Aldershot manager Andy Scott hails 'fantastic effort' from his side.
Autographs include Flt Cdr Henry Melvin "Dinghy" Young, second in command of the raid. The seller's father collected the signatures at RAF base at Scampton, Lincolnshire. Book was compiled by the fleet's senior medical officer as a ninth birthday gift to his son
Government statistics show 8,103 cattle slaughtered in Wales as a result of bovine TB in 2015. This is up more than a quarter on 2014, when 6,378 cattle were killed. Since 2008 there has been a 37% reduction in incidents of TB, says Prof Christianne Gloss
Arrested on suspicion of conspiracy to intercept voicemails and attempting to pervert the course of justice. 15th arrest since Operation Weeting was launched in January. Former News of the World managing editor Stuart Kuttner, 71, rearrested and bailed on Tuesday.
Plans for the Ysgol y Berwyn site were originally approved in 2015. Campus was due to open in 2018, but petition called for Church to own the buildings. Cyngor Gwynedd's cabinet agreed to consult on the school's Church status. Diocese of
Mazembe beat Bejaia 5-2 on aggregate to win the Confederation Cup. Zambia international Kalaba and Jonathan Bolingi scored the other goals in Lubumbashi. The win follows their 1-1 draw with Algeria in the first leg of the final last weekend
Human rights group accuses Malian army of targeting Arabs and ethnic Tuaregs. France intervened militarily on 11 January to halt a militant advance. UN says 7,100 civilians have fled to neighbouring states since 10 January to escape fighting.
Notts County Ladies sign Liverpool's Lauren Greenwood for undisclosed fee. Greenwood played for England at the Women's World Cup in Brazil. The 22-year-old is the club's eighth signing of the transfer window. "This is a fantastic move for me," Greenwood says.
Hosts GB held to a 1-1 draw by Australia in the Champions Trophy. Goalkeeper George Pinner made a series of saves to keep the game level. GB will face 2014 Champions Trophy runners-up India in their second fixture on Saturday. South Korea beat Belgium 2-0
Blues built a 14-3 lead with tries by Lloyd Williams and Gareth Anscombe. Hallam Amos hit back before the break, Nic Cudd followed up and they earned a penalty try. Josh Navidi went over as Blues staged a late challenge, but the hosts held on to earn
Thein Sein, 67, took office in March 2011, after the country's first election in 20 years in November 2010. He has led a process of reform in Myanmar, ruled for decades by a military junta of which he was a key member. Under his administration the government has
Jewellery stolen from Stanley Hunt Jewellers in Marshalls Yard, Gainsborough. Police have released pictures of the stolen items in an attempt to trace them. One person was arrested and is currently on police bail.
Hugh McGoldrick admitted falsifying drug trials on patients with sleep disorders. The former GP was originally given a nine-month jail term and a Â£10,000 fine in June 2016. But he appealed the sentence and was released from jail six days later. Medical Pract
Umar Akmal's unbeaten 56 from 27 balls had helped Pakistan reach 168-7. The series is now level at 1-1 with the decider in Wellington on Friday. Guptill hit four sixes in his 87 from 58 balls, while skipper Williamson took only 48 deliveries for his
Bursledon Windmill in Hampshire has had its wind shaft and sails replaced. It is believed to be the only working windmill in England that retains a wooden shaft. The Grade II-listed structure was rescued by Hampshire Buildings Preservation Trust in 1970s.
Community union said 250 jobs are to go, mainly at Llanwern, which employs 1,500 workers. Tata said it needed to "reduce costs and focus on manufacturing higher-value products" Welsh government said it would look at how it could help Tata, calling the news "
Cave finished in nine hours, 15 minutes and 54 seconds. She was just over a minute clear of Switzerland's Caroline Steffen. It was Cave's second world title of the year after victory in the Half Ironman World Championship last month.
He accepted it would have been better to challenge the intelligence used to justify the war. But he stood by his decision to join the invasion.
Guthrie has signed a two-year deal with the National League club. The 23-year-old previously played for Accrington Stanley, Southport, Bath City and Welling. Defenders Tom Eastman and Jamie Harney have signed new one-year contracts.
Sheffield's Brook will fight world middleweight champion Golovkin on 10 September. Brook is the IBF welterweight champion and one of 14 current British world champions. The 30-year-old is unbeaten in 36 professional contests and has 32 early victories to his name.
Nico Rosberg was 1.834secs quicker than Kimi Raikkonen on the same'soft' tyres. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat were fourth and fifth. Ferrari's Sebastian Vettel was 11th on the medium tyre.
Multiple TT winner set the fastest time of the week in Classic event on his Yamaha Superbike at 125.49mph. Barry Lee Evans topped the Senior MGP board while home rider Michael Evans moved to the top of the Junior leaderboard.
Plans were put forward by BHS two years ago in an attempt to build up the scheme. At the time, BHS was owned by Sir Philip Green's Arcadia group. The plans were not implemented and BHS went into administration last month. Newsnight understands the plans were
Joseph Murphy, 41, was injured in Ballymurphy, west Belfast, in August 1971. He died 13 days later in hospital after being shot in the leg during Operation Demetrius. Tests have confirmed that the bullet was fired from a military-issue weapon. Mr Murphy
Thibaut Courtois made two world-class saves as Chelsea beat Arsenal 2-1. West Ham's Michail Antonio has had an impressive season for the Hammers. Andrea Ranocchia was absolutely superb at the back for Hull against Liverpool. Lamine Kone
The 47-year-old was on a practice run for a race in an electric car for Amazon Prime show. Hammond injured his knee and leg and in a blog entry says he had "two sleepless nights" The incident on 10 June was described as a "serious crash" by The
European leaders have expressed shock, but most have said the result should not lead to a panic. Here, Europeans share their reaction to the result and their views on the UK's relationship with the EU.
Dispute relates to the running of common grazings, including at Mangersta and Upper Coll on Lewis. Last month, the board of crofting's regulatory body apologised for its handling of the dispute. It also asked convener Colin Kennedy to resign, but he said he would
Tomasz Galwaz, 29, died after falling from the roof of Al Amin Wholesale in Aston, Birmingham. Mafizur Rahman, 32, pleaded guilty to manslaughter at Birmingham Crown Court in December. Police said his main priority had been to get roof repairs done as
Gerry Anderson was diagnosed with Alzheimer's 18 months ago. The 83-year-old said of living with the condition: "I've lost my freedom" Thunderbirds was filmed on Slough Trading Estate in Berkshire and was first broadcast in 1965.
Parents who give up work are given NI credits while their children are under 12. If they return to work, relatives can claim the credits instead. To qualify for the so-called grandparents' credit, relatives need to be of working age. In the year to the end of September 2016,
The park will include a multi-sports arena, sporting events site and a dinghy park. It will also see repairs made to a artificial surf reef at Boscombe, which was closed in 2011. Funding for the park has been assisted by a grant from the government's Coastal Communities
Falling oil prices have hurt Africa's biggest economy, which has contracted for the first time since 2004. Foreign currency reserves have dwindled to their lowest level in more than ten years. Iberia said it was leaving Nigeria due to "very difficult operating circumstances and dwindling passenger numbers"
Aston Villa manager Paul Lambert says Kozak's arrival will ease pressure on Christian Benteke. Kozak has represented his country four times and becomes Villa's seventh signing of the summer. The 24-year-old was top scorer in last season's Europa League with eight goals.
Cigarettes must be covered up and no longer in public view unless customer asks for them. Shop managers and assistants who break the law could face Â£5,000 and six months in prison. Follows similar restrictions introduced for larger stores and supermarkets in 2012. Public Health Wales
The Clarets are 14th - two points off ninth place - and close to securing top-flight survival. West Brom are eighth in the Premier League, despite losing their last four games. Pulis also believes British coaches like him, Dyche, Eddie Howe and Sam Allardyce
Latest missile flew for 45 minutes and was 200km higher than previous ICBM test. US President Donald Trump called it "only the latest reckless and dangerous action by the North Korean regime" US and South Korean military conducted a live-firing exercise using surface-to-surface missiles.
Scotland lost 1-0 to Italy in a friendly on Sunday. Gordon Strachan's side have remained in Malta for a training camp. Scotland face France in their final warm-up game before the Euro 2016 tournament. Norwich City captain Martin admits they need to improve if they are
Troy Newman was detained in Melbourne on Thursday after entering Australia without a visa. Australia had cancelled his visa while he was still in the US on the grounds that his presence in the country could incite violence. Mr Newman has previously called for the execution of abortion doctors and said women who have abortions
Jon Stewart has been host of The Daily Show since 2004. Show has become an alternative way of learning about the world for many Americans. Stewart has lampooned politicians as well as reporters for taking themselves too seriously. His first broadcast after the 9/11 attacks was a tearful
Mr Simpson left the council's cabinet and Independent Plus Political Group in 2014. He was the only person nominated after the previous leader, Jamie Adams, pulled out. IPPG has led the council since 1996 but lost 20 councillors in the 4 May elections.
Jos Buttler has signed a new deal with Lancashire until 2019. The 25-year-old moved to the Red Rose from Somerset in 2013. He has scored England's three fastest ODI centuries.
Themes from Star Wars, Jaws and Indiana Jones will also be played at the concert, on 20 July. Hull's year as the City of Culture will also mark with a performance of Handel's Water Music. Europe's only BAME orchestra, Chineke! will make
The SNP secured 610,454 first preference votes - up from 503,233 in 2012. Turnout was 46.9% - higher than the 39.6% recorded in 2012 - highest in East Renfrewshire. Scottish Conservatives won 276 seats - 22.5% of the
UN humanitarian co-ordinator for Iraq, Lise Grande, says humanitarian concept of operations is key. Iraqi forces recaptured the eastern part of the city earlier this year and have surrounded the western part. Leaflets warning residents of an imminent offensive have been dropped. Mosul
Gusts of up to 75mph (120kmph) could occur locally, particularly to the west of the mountains. Forecasters said disruption to travel on roads and at sea was likely. The affected counties are Conwy, Anglesey, Gwynedd, Pembrok
Pressure sensors built into flexible rubber skins that can detect tiny changes in pressure. Could be used to sheath artificial limbs or create robots that can pick up and hold fragile objects. Sensors can register a pressure in a tenth of a second, over a large range - from five grams
Local authority is carrying out the review against a background of 'ongoing financial challenges' It stressed that it was not simply about making savings but also delivering benefits. Councillors are being recommended to start statutory consultation on the closure of three schools in the region.
El Bakhtaoui scores twice in quick fire first half to put Ayr United in control. Pars goalkeeper Sean Murdoch denied Jamie Adams in a first half of few chances.
Man was injured by accident on'soft ground' near Okehampton in Devon. He was with his 10-year-old daughter at the time but there were no reports she was injured. Sgt Harry Tangye, of Devon and Cornwall Police, tweeted that the early signs were
Lost for Words was written after St Aubyn's novel, At Last, was overlooked by Booker judges. It takes aim at judges of the fictional Elysium prize, who largely fail to read the books. Author beat Sebastian Faulks, John Niven, Hanif Kureishi, Joseph
There will be live TV and radio coverage of all England's group games, plus a quarter-final and a semi-final. The final at Old Trafford kicks off at 14:30 BST and will be shown live on BBC One. New Zealand are the World Cup holders, having shocked Australia
It is the second month in a row the state has exceeded emergency conservation regulation. California has been dealing with record low water levels for four years. Governor Jerry Brown imposed the state's first mandatory water restrictions four months ago.
Sylvester, a three-year-old male lion, escaped from Karoo national park in South Africa in March. He will now be rehouse with two young female lions in Addo Elephant National Park. The move will establish him as the dominant male, said South Africa National
Islamic Center of Boca Raton had planned to host polling site in August and November. Officials rescinded invitation after receiving 50 complaints from people who said they did not want to vote in a mosque. Democratic US Representatives Ted Deutch and Lois Frankel released statements opposing the move.
University and College Union (UCU), Unison and Unite reject 1% pay offer. Unions say offer represents a 13% pay cut in real terms since 2008. Employers maintain the offer is a good outcome for staff.
Chinese shares fell by nearly 8% after a week of volatile trading that spread fear to global markets. Tianjin explosions killed 150 people - with 23 still missing. A total of 367 people remain in hospital after the 12 August blast at a warehouse.
Scientists say acidification could increase by 170% by 2100. Human activity is adding 24 million tonnes of CO2 to oceans every day. Study will be presented at global climate talks in Poland next week. Acidification has already caused 30% loss of species in some ocean ecosystems.
Nick Cave and his wife Susie Bick are at the hearing in front of senior coroner. Arthur Cave, 15, was found with multiple injuries on the underpass of Ovingdean Gap in July. Inquest heard Arthur had taken LSD with a friend and was seen'stagger
US Federal Reserve kept interest rates on hold, Chair Janet Yellen said. The US central bank also said it expected a "slower path" for future rate rises. It raised rates in December for the first time in nearly a decade.
Dutchman Tom Dumoulin won stage 13 of the Tour de France. Froome clocked 51 minutes and 18 seconds for the 37.5km stage from Bourg-Saint-Andeol to La Caverne du Pont-D'Arc. Bauke Molle
Harry Clarke, 58, was unconscious at the wheel of a bus in 2010 and during bin lorry crash. Expert witness Dr Ronald Neville told inquiry doctors did not note differing accounts of 2010 episode. Mr Clarke told his GP he had fainted in the work canteen at First Bus.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan hits out after German authorities cancel rallies in Germany ahead of referendum. About 1.4m Turks in Germany can vote in the April referendum, which could give Mr Erdogan new powers. Voters will be asked whether they back a new constitution, which would transform the country
Algeria international has only started two Premier League games this season. Guedioura initially joined Wolves on loan in January 2010 before signing permanently at the end of the season.
Toolis ends his partnership with twin brother Ben to return to Australia. Backs Jack Cuthbert, Otulea Katoa, Nick McLennan and Jade Te Rure, plus prop Grant Shiells, are also moving on. Matt Scott, Sam Beard, Mike Coman
Islamic State group (IS) has said it carried out the attacks. The group has established a presence in Yemen since a civil war broke out there. It is opposed to the government and Shia Houthi rebels who have seized much of the country.
BBC Sport will increase its TV coverage of all 12 international events. The coverage will also be covered on the BBC Sport website and BBC Radio 5 live. BBC has a separate deal for live coverage of the two UK Diamond League events.
The 17 women elected make up 6% of the new cohort of 290 MPs. Only 16 cleric MPs have been voted in, meaning the new parliament will include more women than religious leaders. President Rouhani acknowledged the new record and said: "People chose the best candidates"
Nihar Janga, 11, and Jairam Hathwar, 13, battled for 25 rounds in the national competition. They each received a $40,000 (Â£27,343) prize, which was broadcast live on TV. One of the biggest cheers of the night came
Former Millwall and Sheffield Wednesday keeper Stephen Bywater will stay at Burton. The 35-year-old has not played for the Brewers since joining on a free transfer in January. Bywater will continue to act as cover for first-choice keeper Jon McLaughlin.
About 60% of 1,500 teachers questioned in a poll said they had faced abuse. In one case, a photograph of a teacher was posted online with an insulting word underneath. Another, pupils used the name of a heavily pregnant school worker to post insults.
Marcy Smith was woken by her son David to find their house in flames. The whole family was able to escape, but their house is destroyed. Mrs Smith said if it wasn't for her son, she and her daughter probably wouldn't have survived.
Partick Thistle say they have yet to receive an approach from Shrewsbury. Luke Williams left Wiltshire outfit last week after they were relegated. Archibald is the longest-serving manager in Scotland's top flight.
The 45-year-old's Honda Fireblade crashed in the opening practice session of the Jurby Motodrome racing meet on Saturday morning. Carswell sustained serious injuries in the crash and was taken to Noble's Hospital, where he later died.
Kremlin spokesman Dmitry Peskov says Moscow is tired of the accusations. He said a report detailing the allegations was groundless and amounted to a "witch-hunt" It is the first official reaction from Russia since President-elect Donald Trump received the report on Friday. The unclassified report
Mr Charney was ousted last year amid employee complaints and accusations of misuse of company funds. American Apparel board said it did not expect him ever to return to the firm. Court filing documents evidence of illicit emails written to female employees by the former chief executive. They come in response to
Nye Frankie Newman, 17, from Aldershot in Hampshire, died in Paris on New Year's Day. His mother Debs Malone told the crowd of teenagers to carry his spirit 'forever' A minute's silence was held at the event, organised by the Brewman parkour
The first earthquake near Dingxi city had a magnitude of 5.98 and was shallow, with a depth of 9.8 km. Just over an hour later, a magnitude 5.6 quake hit the same area, the US Geological Survey said. Tremors were felt in the provincial
Joseph Mendes and Jordan Obita put Reading ahead in the first half. Michael Kightly and Ben Turner replied for Burton. Yann Kermorgant made it 3-0 before Lewis Grabban sealed Reading's win. Reading will face Fulham in the play-off semi
Homelessness applications have decreased by a third in the past five years. Charity Shelter said this was disproportionate to the sector's size, which is 13% of housing in Scotland. It said it was important that vulnerable households were supported before they were pushed into crisis.
Ryan Burnett will fight champion Lee Haskins for the IBF world bantamweight title at the SSE Arena on Saturday. Ireland's former Olympic champion has won all five bouts since turning pro.
Victims' information is used to identify violence hotspots, such as nightclubs and parks. More than 100 hospitals across Wales and England have since copied Cardiff's approach. The method has already been adopted by Western Cape in South Africa and Milwaukee in the USA.
Until recently, AI seemed firmly stuck in the realm of science fiction. The term "artificial intelligence" was coined 60 years ago - on August 31 1955, John McCarthy proposed a "summer research project" We're now entering the seventh decade, and just starting to see real progress in
Maddison has only started one game for the Canaries since joining from Coventry City in January 2016. The 20-year-old has spent time back on loan with the Sky Blues and Aberdeen.
German Andreas Ostholt finished second on So Is Et, with Britain's Gemma Tattersall third on Arctic Soul. Jung, 33, had already won at Burghley and Kentucky and completed the treble with a flawless showjumping performance in Sunday's final event. Zara
Sunflower Movement last year occupied Taiwan's parliament for 24 days sparking largest anti-China protest in years. Sunflower leaders say this will advance Taiwan's democratisation and safeguard its sovereignty. It has also contributed to a major defeat for the pro-China ruling party in November local elections.
Protesters allege Edir Frederico Da Costa, 25, was 'brutally beaten' by Met Police officers. Bricks were thrown and fires lit outside Stratford bus station and Forest Gate police station. Police said there had been no arrests but some officers suffered minor injuries.
Tulip has been covering the outbreak of birth defects believed to be caused by the virus. Many of you got in touch on Facebook to ask Tulip questions about the new vaccine. The vaccine is being developed by the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda. Human trials are due to start
Mr Cameron says corruption is "the root of so many of the world's problems" He also described it as "an enemy of progress" World leaders will meet at Lancaster House on Thursday. Panellists are expected to include World Bank president Jim Yong Kim.
St Johnstone beat Inverness CT 3-0 in their Scottish Premiership clash. Liam Craig, Murray Davidson and Danny Swanson scored the goals for St Johnstone. ICT captain Gary Warren was sent off for two bookable offences in quick succession after the break. Inverness
Eight out of 10 newborns are now breastfed at least once after birth. Experts say increase is partly due to public awareness that "breast is best" But figures do not reveal how many mums stick at it for recommended first six months.
War and Peace averaged 6.3 million viewers, peaking at 6.7 million. It was up against ITV's Endeavour and spy drama Deutschland 83 on Channel 4. The drama, which stars Paul Dano, Lily James and James Norton, has also won rave reviews.
Wales drew 0-0 with the Republic of Ireland in Dublin on Friday night. Bale will miss one game through suspension, the visit to Serbia on June 11. Reading defender Gunter says Wales have shown they can win without key players.
Pavlina Pizova and Ondrej Petr began hiking the Routeburn track in Fiordland National Park on 26 July. After one night in the open, Petr, 27, slipped in a steep ice slope and died. Pizova spent the night with his
Western Sahara was a former Spanish colony annexed by Morocco in 1975. It has been the subject of a long-running territorial dispute between Morocco and its indigenous Saharawi people. A 16-year-long insurgency ended with a UN-brokered truce in 1991 and promise of a referendum on
The 28-year-old won bronze at the Commonwealth Games in 2014. Donnelly will face world champion Mohammed Rabii of Morocco in the last eight. The bout will take place at Riocentro on Saturday at 16:15 BST.
Incident took place at the Sun Dial restaurant in Atlanta on Friday. The revolving floor stopped moving when the child became stuck. Employees managed to dislodge the boy, who suffered crushing injuries to his head and brain. His death has been ruled accidental.
Italy is struggling with a huge surge in migration. Nearly 6,000 people rescued from the sea just this weekend. More than 50,000 have arrived in Italy this year, most from Libya. Lombardy, Liguria and Veneto warn they cannot accept more migrants.
Ambassador Andreyev told reporters his remarks had not been "sufficiently precise" He was speaking outside the Polish foreign ministry, after he was summoned over his comments. Ties have sharply deteriorated in recent years, and Warsaw has sharply criticised Russia's conduct in Ukraine.
Charb's book was finished two days before he was killed by Islamic militants. He argues that the fight against racism is being replaced by a struggle against Islamophobia. Charb and 11 others were killed during a Charlie Hebdo editorial meeting in January.
Operation Calderdale16 was the council's biggest ever live training exercise. The exercise was carried out in Todmorden, Hebden Bridge, Mytholmroyd, Sowerby Bridge, Elland and Brighouse.
6,000 tonne piece of concrete is part of the Hong Kong-Zhuhai-Macao Bridge. The bridge will connect three different places on the coast.
Vincent Uzomah, 50, was stabbed once in the stomach during a science lesson. He was attacked in front of other students at Dixons Kings Academy in Bradford. Teenager was arrested in the city centre following an extensive manhunt. Police said his injuries are not life
The Tower Blocks - Our Blocks project has been described as a "Domesday Book" of the UK's post-war reconstruction. It will include images of towers which have been demolished over the past 30 years, as well as those which are still standing. The project is to receive a Â
Stephanie, 27, was badly injured in a motorbike taxi accident in Vietnam. She was flown back to Scotland earlier this week and is in hospital in Edinburgh. Her parents said she had opened and her eyes and said "Hi" on Thursday. A friend said the judo
Conservative politician was in Scotland a day after the draft referendum bill was published. He met his Scottish government counterpart Michael Russell for talks. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said a referendum will be called if it is felt necessary to "protect Scotland's interests"
Code could be used to create a "signature" for CIA malware, said one virus hunter. Information is part of a larger cache about CIA hacking tools that started to be released last month. The CIA would not comment on the authenticity of the information released by Wikileaks.
Leeds City Council purchased the pages from a 13th Century text in 1951. The pages mainly show surahs (or chapters) 29 and 30 of the holy book of Islam. Conservator Richard Hawkes said: "This is the earliest example of paper that I have worked on"
Mitch Rose put Mansfield Town ahead just four minutes into the second half. Mansfield keeper Scott Shearer saved his defenders' blushes with a great save low to his left. Stags striker Danny Wright missed a couple of chances to win it in stoppage time.
Rafael Nadal joins Murray in the last four of the Barcelona Open. The 14-time Grand Slam champion defeated Korean qualifier Hyeon Chung. British number four Aljaz Bedene beat Ivo Karlovic to reach the Hungarian Open semi-finals.
Drilling rig was destined for a yard in Turkey to be decommissioned. But it ran aground on Lewis after a towline broke and it is now anchored in Broad Bay. Councillor Angus Campbell has said it could remain longer term. He has written to the rig's owner
Gordon was playing after Dorus de Vries picked up an injury at the weekend. The 33-year-old goalkeeper was busy in a 3-3 draw with Manchester City. Gordon started the first nine matches of the season but lost his place to summer recruit De Vries.
Sutton opened the scoring after 13 minutes when Kevin Amankwaah laid the ball back for Roarie Deacon to fire in. Nine minutes later Maxime Biamou headed down for Jamie Collins to volley in from 10 yards. Biamou turned scorer 11 minutes later when he netted the
Heavy rains caused the river Liboriana to burst its banks, triggering the landslide. Much of the village of Santa Margarita, south-west of Medellin, was swept away. Rescue teams and residents have got together to dig through rouble in the hope of finding survivors
23-year-old spent one month on loan at Warrington in April. Ormsby scored 29 tries in 42 games for Warrington. He played in only five games for Huddersfield this season.
Send your pictures of Scotland to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk. Send your photos between 6 and 13 January.
1,000-tonne boring machine breaks into eastern end of Liverpool Street Crossrail station. By 2018 high-speed trains will run from Reading, through central London to Abbey Wood and Shenfield. Machine, named Elizabeth after the Queen, has 2,460ft (750m) to
IRA leader Ivor Bell, 77, was arrested at his home in Andersonstown. He has been charged with aiding and abetting murder and membership of the IRA. The Disappeared are those who were abducted, murdered and secretly buried by republicans during the Troubles.
Ireland manager Mick Kearney says Jared Payne's fitness is a 'wait and see' approach. Jared Payne's Ulster colleague Stuart McCloskey will be in contention for a first cap. Mike Ross and Cian Healy return to the Ireland squad after missing the first two games.
Abu-Zakariya al-Britani is believed to have been originally known as Ronald Fiddler. Fiddler, 50 and from Manchester, was sent to Guantanamo Bay in 2002. US interrogators found he provided useful information to them about the Taliban's methods. He was
Tottenham centre-back Vertonghen turned his left ankle against West Brom. Spurs have conceded just 14 goals this season, the best record in the Premier League. Pochettino unsure when Erik Lamela will return from hip injury.
First and deputy first ministers highlight five key priorities to the prime minister. Mrs Foster and Deputy First Minister Martin McGuinness were on different sides of the referendum debate. During the referendum, Mrs Foster's Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) campaigned in favour of leaving the EU. Stormont
Mike Ashley steps down as executive deputy chairman of Sports Direct. Billionaire has been under fire over zero hours contracts and poor working conditions. Mr Forsey has worked for the retailer for 32 years after starting as a part-time worker when he was 18. Chairman Keith Hellaw
There are six mosques and around 30,000 Muslims in Las Vegas, says the Islamic Society of Nevada. This week, Muslims gathered to condemn the murders of 14 people in California, which are being investigated as an act of Islamist terrorism. Donald Trump responded to the killings by proposing the suspension of
Adil Rashid takes five wickets for England in second Test against Pakistan. Pakistan seemed to be cruising to a draw before debutant Rashid took wickets of Younus Khan, Asad Shafiq, Moeen Ali and Wahab Riaz. England finish on 74-
Ma Long, Jike Zhang and Xu Xin beat the Japanese trio of Koki Niwa, Jun Mizutani and Maharu Yoshimura 3-1. China won all four table tennis golds available in Rio to take their total to 28 from the 32 available since table tennis' first Olympic appearance
Charles and Camilla will spend 12 days in Australia and New Zealand. The Prince of Wales will celebrate his 67th birthday with a birthday barbeque in Western Australia. He will also meet new Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull, once the public face of the republican movement.
BBC analysis suggests 195 out of 402 official bathing waters are patrolled between July and September. The absence of lifeguards was raised as a concern after the deaths of seven men at Camber Sands in 2016. An inquest concluded that the men may still have drowned even if there had been lifeguards.
Gwen Ifill was one of the most celebrated African-American broadcasters in the US. Best known for moderating Washington Week in Review and for PBS NewsHour. Ifill had been absent for last week's election coverage due to ongoing health issues. President Barack Obama offered his "deep
The children's laureate is a well-known writer or illustrator of children's books. Malorie Blackman spoke to 20,000 teenagers when she was in the role. Chris Riddell has spent two years defending school libraries and librarians.
Bruce has been without a club since leaving Hull in July. Roberto di Matteo was sacked by the Championship club on Monday. Savage says Bruce has experience in the division and still lives in the area. Villa have appointed a former Birmingham boss as manager in the past - and
Up to six shots were fired at police during a third night of violence in north Belfast on Tuesday. Petrol bombs and a pipe bomb were also thrown by nationalist rioters in the Ardoyne area. Assistant Chief Constable Duncan McCausland said children as young as 10 were involved in the violence.
Gary Carter, 36, was in London to cover England v New Zealand rugby league match. Journalist was found with head injuries in Bethnal Green early on Friday morning. Wife Gemma said: "He's heavily sedated because they're waiting for the swelling on his brain to
Chester face Maidstone in the National League on Saturday. Jon McCarthy's side beat Dagenham 3-0 on Tuesday, having lost their opening game. Lloyd spent much of the 2015-16 season with the Blues, making 22 league appearances.
Hibernian beat Dundee United 1-0 at Tannadice. Jason Cummings scored the only goal of the game. Dundee's Lewish Toshney was sent off for punching the ball into the net. Neil Lennon's side are now nine points clear at the top of the
Avon's Parisian office says only current orders will be guaranteed. It is unsure if its self-employed representatives will be able to get supplies after the end of October. Angry workers in France have accused Avon of keeping them in the dark for months.
Mercedes, Red Bull and Williams show off new designs in pit lane. Eight teams are in Jerez for pre-season test ahead of the 2015 season. Force India have missed the test because their 2015 car is late. Sebastian Vettel was the first driver out of the
A547 at Meliden, between Rhuddlan and Prestatyn, was closed after 14:00 BST. The child was taken to hospital, with the extent of his injuries not yet known.
Yorkshire Sculpture Park will host the arch segment, also known as the wave. The cascade - or weeping window - section will be shown at St George's Hall in Liverpool and Woodhorn Museum, Northumberland.
Jeffery Amherst was commander-in-chief of the British army in pre-independence north America. Amherst College voted to remove 'Lord Jeff' as their unofficial mascot in light of accusations he approved wiping out Native Americans by giving them smallpox via infected blankets. In Guern
Kenya's first high-profile athlete to fail a test. Jeptoo says she may have been prescribed some banned substances at a local hospital after a road accident. She has become the 45th Kenyan athlete to have failed a doping test.
Scout Moor wind farm opened in 2008 with 26 turbines generating enough electricity for 40,000 homes. Peel Energy and United Utilities want to add a further 16 turbines on land between Rochdale and Rossendale. Opponents are concerned the expansion of the wind farm will impact negatively on the natural beauty
Apple was sued in 2014 for allegedly using a technology developed by a professor and his students in its iPhone chips without their permission. Apple was ordered to pay about $234m (Â£179m) when it lost the patent case. That sum has now been more than doubled because it continued to use
Robert Rainey, known as Archie, is understood to have suffered a heart attack. Medics tried to resuscitate the 62-year-old Belfast man inside the stadium. He is the second Northern Ireland fan to die in France this week.
Harsent won the prestigious award for his eleventh collection Fire Songs. It was his fifth nomination, dating back to 1998, but he had not previously won. Previous winners include Ted Hughes, Seamus Heaney and Sinead Morrissey.
The deadline to enter the tournament was 28 October. O'Sullivan beat Judd Trump 10-9 in last year's final to win his fifth UK title. The 39-year-old has not played since losing 13-9 to Stuart Bingham in April.
Gaby Scanlon, of Heysham, Lancashire, was left close to death after drinking £3.95 shot. She was celebrating her 18th birthday at Oscar's Wine Bar in Lancaster in 2012. The bar previously admitted health and safety failings at Preston Crown Court.
The adult female's remains were discovered in eight locations. Police are investigating whether the death is linked to a personal dispute. More than 200 gardaÃ­ (police), Irish soldiers and civil defence personnel are continuing to search. The man arrested remains in police custody in Bray, 20km
Care Inspectorate and Healthcare Improvement Scotland looked at services provided by NHS Western Isles and Comhairle nan Eilean Siar. Watchdogs said there were "weaknesses" and "crucial areas for improvement" in the services. They acknowledged that care provision was "performing well in some
The 26-year-old victim had been standing at a bus stop in Wallacewell Quadrant in Glasgow. Young man who was a passenger in the car got out and chased him with a hammer. The car was then driven at him and hit him before two other men jumped out
DR Congo could only draw 1-1 with Congo Brazzaville in Kinshasa. South Africa, Mali and Algeria were also eliminated. Ivory Coast piped Niger for a place at next year's finals.
Celtic manager delighted with Ollie Ntcham after signing him from Manchester City. Ntcham spent past two seasons on loan at Genoa in Italy. The 21-year-old played 65 minutes of Celtic's 4-0 defeat by Lyon on Saturday. Rodgers
New bridge is needed as part of Transport Scotland's Â£3bn project to make the road dual carriageway. Bridge would be built further east of the present crossing, which would be removed along with an embankment. The dualling project is to be completed in 2025
Cern announced its discovery with pictures of scientists using The Force in everyday life. It was one of many April Fools jokes seen on websites around the world. Others included a selfie shoe, driverless pizza delivery and thought-powered search.
UKIP got more than 200,000 votes in Wales in May, more than both Plaid Cymru and the Liberal Democrats. It came second in six of the 40 Welsh seats but under the first past the post system, did not win any. Party believes the regional list system gives it a
Elena Hrabovenska owns three Polish delis, one in Huntingdon and two nearby in Peterborough. She came to England in 2003 from Ukraine, aged 19 on a working visa, with Â£100 in her pocket. Her husband would continually make the 36-hour
Brian Buckle of Fishguard was convicted of child sex abuse in the 1990s. He was found guilty of 16 counts of non-recent sexual abuse against a child. Swansea Crown Court sentenced him to a combined 33 years in prison.
Crescencio Ibarra posted a video on Facebook inviting people to his daughter's 15th birthday party. He said the idea had been to invite neighbours and friends only. But he has since confirmed he would not turn anyone away. Party will feature local bands, a meal
Alexys Brown, also known as Lexi, died at her home in Weymouth on Thursday. An investigation is under way to discover how she became trapped. Aster Group, the housing association responsible for managing the home, is assisting.
Project at Ffrwd Farm Nature Reserve, Pembrey, is part of wider water vole strategy. Creatures have suffered a huge decline in recent decades as a result of habitat loss, habitat fragmentation and predation by mink.
Government announced last year that the Forensic Science Services (FSS) would close. FSS analyses evidence from crime scenes in England and Wales, but has been losing £2m a month. LGC Forensics, the biggest commercial provider, said the private sector was ready to take on the
Cosby said he wanted to act "in the best interests" of the university where he studied. The comedian has been accused of sexually assaulting more than a dozen women. He has not directly addressed the accusations, but his lawyers have described them as "discredited" Several broadcasters have decided
Ministry of Defence confirmed it was possibly some kind of ordnance. Officers were alerted to the find just south of Porth Neigwl (Hell's Mouth) on Sunday. Explosive experts are set to detonate the device on Monday morning to make it safe.
Researchers examine ocean sediments from 56 million years ago. They find CO2 going into the air at its onset was four billion tonnes a year. Today's figure is 10 times as big. The PETM has been extensively studied by scientists.
Gordon Aikman has motor neurone disease (MND) which is shutting down his body. There's neither a cure nor an effective treatment. But Gordon refuses to give in without a fight. He's raising money for research and campaigning for better patient care.
Jonny Lomax, Mark Percival, Luke Thompson and Ryan Morgan score tries for St Helens. Justin Horo, Luke Walsh and Tony Gigot scored tries for the French side. Theo Fages, Alex Walmsley and Louie McCarthy-Scarbrook crossed for the
Third and final phase of Â£1.1m of improvements by Denbighshire Council is due to start on Tuesday. Around 400 residents in east Rhyl were forced to leave their properties when severe storms breached the sea defences in December 2013. Chaz Moore, whose bungalow was
Nominet is partnering with Broadway Partners to roll out TVWS on Isle of Arran. The service will be available in two packages, one offering speeds of up to 25Mbps and 35Mbps. There have been several trials of white space technology (TVWS) in the UK.
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls pledges to make tax avoidance a 'genuine deterrent' Under anti-abuse rules, those found to be 'abusive' must pay back the tax they avoided. Tory spokesman said it was 'feeble stuff' and Labour had no economic plan.
Prof Allyson Pollock and colleagues say the contact sport is too dangerous. They do not want an outright ban but say the sport must change and safeguards are needed. The Rugby Football Union said steps had been taken to make the sport safer.
£1m conservation project will repair parts of the castle added in the 20th Century. English Heritage said it would ensure the site was 'protected for the future' Hurst Castle was originally built by Henry VIII between 1541 and 1544.
Two patients sitting on the original review group quit in protest at what they said was a watered-down report. Now independent expert Alison Britton, a professor of healthcare and medical law, will examine the final report.
Eggs were taken from islands in Poole Harbour, Dorset. Charity said some eggs were not cleared for human consumption. Dorset Police and Natural England have launched an investigation.
Number of road officers in England and Wales fell by nearly 40% from 7,100 in 2005 to 4,350 in 2014. Charity blames reduction in specialist police officers for fall in prosecutions. Five people die on the UK's roads in the UK every day but prosecutions are few and far
Activists want to stop the consumption of dog meat at the festival in the southern city of Yulin. The annual festival involves the slaughter of thousands of dogs for human consumption. About 24 activists accompanied by their dogs handed in the petition at the representative office. They unfurled banners with
Om Yun-Chol of North Korea wins gold in the men's clean and jerk. Long matched the 16-year-old Olympic record of 137kg. Thailand's Sinphet Kruaithong took the bronze medal with 289kg.
Memphis Depay will join Manchester United from Dutch club PSV. The fee is in the region of £25-30m with the deal believed to be until 2019. Depay played under United boss Louis van Gaal during his time as Netherlands boss. PSV sporting director Marcel Brands
Oculus Connect is a conference for the virtual reality industry. Oculus' chief scientist Michael Abrash outlined all the things Oculus could not yet do. Right now, VR is what Space Invaders is to Call of Duty. They're both games, sure, but they're worlds apart.
Shauna Coxsey won gold in the bouldering at the World Championships. The 24-year-old became Britain's first champion in the event's 17-year history. Sport climbing is one of five new sports confirmed for the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
Donald Skene grappled with worshippers and headbutted prayers posted on the walls of the Taj Madina Mosque in Dundee. Skene shouted: "I'm white but I'm one of you, brothers", to the Muslim congregation after being arrested. The 38-year-old was
The 43-year-old man was subjected to a 'brutal' attack at Century Mill in Farnworth, Bolton. Kathryn Colgan, 24, William Coughlan, 25, Alex Colgan and Ellis Hampson, 19, all charged with murder. A 16
Three men targeted the driver as he made a delivery in Willow Grove, Livingston. They hit him with a golf club in a stairwell, then stole the food he was delivering. The 32-year-old victim suffered a minor facial injury and called police, who are appealing for witnesses.
Dr Barry Morgan said the Wales Bill was unjust. He added that Scotland and Northern Ireland were offered "better deals" Dr Morgan is due to retire after 14 years leading the Church in Wales.
Confor warns that at least 16,000 hectares - 40,000 acres - of commercial forest have been lost since 2001. Half of the woodland is managed by Natural Resources Wales with the other half by private companies. As an industry, it is estimated to be worth more than Â£
The two small eels were found in a routine fish survey on the River Tud in Norfolk. Increased numbers have also been seen at the New Mills fish pass in Norwich. The Environment Agency said it was encouraging but did not "herald the recovery of the species as a whole"
Salman Khan is charged with culpable homicide in Mumbai for the September 2002 incident. If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. The actor has always denied he was at the wheel of the car.
The Kinahan gang-led cycle of violence has, so far, claimed at least nine lives. David Byrne's funeral took place as politicians were getting ready for a general election. It took several parliament meetings before a Fine Gael-led government with independents in the cabinet emerged. Enda
Robert Millar fourth-placed finish in 1984 Tour de France was a record for a British rider. Event on 27 May offers 46- or 95-mile routes through Trossachs and Campsie Fells north of Glasgow. Ride will raise money to develop young Scottish cycling talent.
All-party group calls for Wales to have a bigger say in immigration policies. Wales could be able to set its own visas and migration quotas. Group chairman says immigrants should have to learn English or Welsh. UK government says different rules for different areas would cause difficulties for employers.
Nielsen holds the most neuro-technology patents - with 100. Microsoft holds 89 patents for software that can assess mental states. Neuro-tech has gone well beyond medicine, says SharpBrains CEO.
The bung was left in place after the procedure at Northampton General Hospital. It was one of two 'never events' to happen at the hospital in Cliftonville in 2016. Hospital has apologised for the incident and said it had learned from the error.
Hungarian authorities open Budapest's main rail station to hundreds of migrants after two-day stand-off. PM Viktor Orban said Hungary would not allow migrants to leave its territory without registering. EU rules place responsibility for assessing asylum claims on the country where a migrant first arrives. Many migrants
President-elect says Mrs Trump and Barron will move to Washington "very soon, after he's finished with school" Only two First Ladies in U.S. history have not lived in White House during their husbands' presidency. Historian William Seale says the role of the first lady is
Neil McEvoy suggested a 'great party political conspiracy theory' was behind investigation. Warned against the committee becoming a 'circus' and said it needed to be 'ruthless' Suggested former minister Edwina Hart or first minister should be called to give evidence.
Molly Wigmore, 76, died in a fire at her Plymouth home in October last year. First 999 call was made at 05:17 GMT but none had arrived by 06:44. The man, who has not been named, was dismissed following disciplinary proceedings.
Wykeham House School was established as a girls' school in 1913 and has about 120 pupils. A new boys' senior school site opened in September 2014. Chair of trustees John Charles said: 'We are sorry to be closing the doors on such a wonderful school'
Collection of artworks by 83-year-old, from Pembrokeshire, to go on show. They capture intimate observations of family and friends at home and at Tenby beach. Comes a year after her husband, painter Gwilym Prichard, died in June
Bitfinex says nearly 120,000 bitcoin were stolen from its exchange platform. All transactions on the virtual exchange have been suspended while the security breach is investigated. The hack is one of the biggest thefts in bitcoin's history.
Gregory will tee off at Augusta National for the first time on Thursday. The 22-year-old from Hampshire won the British Amateur Championship last summer. Gregory is hoping for better fortunes than his poor showing at The Open at Royal Troon.
Woman 'live-streamed' her suicide on Periscope, a popular social media app. She said she had been raped, before taking her own life on the tracks at Egly station south of Paris. Oceane's death has led to a fresh debate in France about how
Regina Edwards, 52, strangled Priscilla Edwards, 78, with a scarf in February. She has been sentenced to life with a minimum of 10 years at the Old Bailey. Priscilla, a former midwife, was suffering from dementia at the time of her death.
Dow Jones fell 113.98 points to 18,118.04, S&P 500 dropped 9.91 points to 2,116.15, Nasdaq index 19.26 points lower at 5,070.10. Shares in Time Warner Cable rose 5.2% to $180
Unemployment benefits fell by 98,853, or 2.1%, compared with the previous month. June is generally a good month for employment as it marks the beginning of the tourist season. Despite the fall, the unemployment rate in Spain is still the highest in the eurozone.
Wayne Rooney scores sixth hat-trick of his Old Trafford career. Danny Welbeck, Nani, Park Ji-sung and Theo Walcott also on target. Robin van Persie scores late consolation for Arsenal. Carl Jenkinson sent off for second bookable offence of the game.
Lava flow mixed with steam caused huge explosion on Mount Etna. Explosion pelted group with boiling rocks and steam, BBC reporter Rebecca Morelle tweets. About eight people injured, with some evacuated from the mountain by rescue teams. Volcano is Europe's tallest active volcano,
Lord Forsyth of Drumlean said the SNP election result was a'revolution' and could not be overlooked. Former Labour chancellor Alistair Darling said Cameron had chance of 'building a constitution for 21st century' The SNP won 56 of the 59 Scottish seats at Westminster last week.
Warren Gatland says he will step down as Wales coach after the 2019 Rugby World Cup. The 52-year-old has led Wales to two Grand Slams and is longest-serving coach in their history. Gatland previously coached his native Waikato Chiefs, Ireland and Wasps
Franco Cervi, Raul Jimenez, Pizzi and Jonas scored for Benfica. Jonas added a fifth, his second of the game, in the second half. Benfica win their 36th league championship.
Scot was born with a club foot and had to learn to walk in special plaster casts. Karate was his first sport, and he spent six years on the international stage. He came close to a 2006 Winter Olympic berth in bobsleigh, before turning to rowing. Smith won
Down beat Meath 1-13 in Pairc Esler Division Two clash. Joe Murphy's scrambled early goal was the ideal start for Down. Caolan Mooney starred for the Mournemen. Down went into the game propping up Division Two after disappointing opening defeats.
Ron Stone had represented St George West ward on Bristol City Council since 1985. He died aged 73 on Wednesday and will be remembered as a'steadfast campaigner' Mayor George Ferguson said he had 'an undying passion for Bristol'
The 21-year-old was suspended for four months backdated to 23 May. Three of those months have been suspended until 1 July 2016. Townsend had already withdrawn from the England squad for the European Under-21 Championship.
The City Football Group (CFG) has signed a multi-year marketing and technology partnership with German software giant, SAP. CFG comprises Manchester City, New York City, Melbourne City and Yokohama Marinos. All four clubs will be "speaking the same business language" by using the
Survey of more than 6,640 adults published by the Federal Reserve shows US economic health improving. But there are continuing signs of instability, with over a third of US households unable to cover bills. Survey suggests disparities between households with different education levels is growing. Nearly 100 million Americans
Lib Dem leader says he does not believe gay sex is a sin. But he said he did not want to unpick the theology of the Bible. He said it had become an issue and he wanted the focus to be on the election. Mr Farron said Lib Dems had the best
Barratt built 1,390 new homes in Scotland last year, nearly half of which were constructed on brownfield land. The company said its building programme reflected "a continued recovery in Scotland's economy" It said the new sites would "underpin" more than 300 extra local jobs.
SNP government negotiating with Lib Dems and Greens to get budget passed. Finance Secretary Derek Mackay has said he is "positive" about winning support. Lib Dems said they wanted "substantial changes" on education and mental health. Green co-convener Patrick Harvie has
Colin Nathaniel Scott, 23, fell into the spring in the Norris Geyser Basin area. Authorities are now trying to retrieve Mr Scott's body from the spring. Springs in that part of the park can see temperatures of up to 93C (199F)
Gary Barlow performed at Cabot Circus shopping centre in London. The 45-year-old entertainer is known for surprising fans - in 2015 he 'crashed' weddings. Hundreds of people gathered to watch the former X Factor judge sing at the mall.
Blaze broke out in ground-floor flat of a four-storey tenement in Tollcross. One woman rescued from top floor flat and eight people were injured in total. Dozens of people were evacuated from their homes and about 50 firefighters were involved. Police said there were also
Poland already has among the tightest abortion laws in Europe. Proposal sought to ban all abortions unless the mother's life was at risk. MPs voted to reject the bill by 352 votes to 58. Some 100,000 people, mostly women, protested against the proposals in cities across
Items believed to be worth Â£10m were taken in the raid at Hatton Garden Safe Deposit Company in London's jewellery quarter. More than 70 safety deposit boxes were ransacked. Five other men still face trial accused of conspiring to commit the burglary, a charge they deny
Stuart Hogg runs in opening try for Scotland. Leigh Halfpenny kicks three penalties and Rhys Webb scores second for Wales. Jon Welsh scores late try for Wales after Jonathan Davies powered over. Scotland fly-half Finn Russell sin-binned for dangerous tackle on Dan Big
Femi Ogunode won the 200m in 19.97, with France's Jimmy Vicaut third in 9.99. American sprinter Justin Gatlin was due to run in 200m but pulled out. Dafne Schippers beat Olympic champion Allyson Felix to win 200
Ghana has accepted two Yemeni ex-detainees, Khalid al-Dhuby and Mahmoud Omar Bin Atef, from Guantanamo Bay, where the US detains terror suspects. The pair said they do not belong to any terrorist group, and have been wrongly arrested for 14 years without
Senegal finish as Group F runners-up to the United States. Cavin Diagne was sent off for Senegal after two bookable offences. Zambia join Senegal as the only African side in the round of 16. South Africa and Guinea are already out of the tournament.
Four men carried out the assault at Altcar Park in the Galliagh area. It is believed that one of the gang had a handgun. The victim did not need hospital treatment.
Carroll was substituted after just 15 minutes in West Ham's 3-1 win at Bournemouth. The 27-year-old has not played for England since October 2012. West Ham are fifth in the Premier League, just a point behind fourth-placed Tottenham.
Barroso has come under fire for ignoring the spirit of the rules. Ex-commissioners are free to take up a new role 18 months after leaving office. Goldman Sachs hired Mr Barroso as an adviser and non-executive chairman of its international business.
McLaren driver was already not going to race in F1 in 2017. But the team hold an option on him for the 2018 campaign. Button has won 15 F1 races, driving for Williams, Benetton, Renault and BAR.
Bolton striker Dean Howard is ruled out for the rest of the season with a knee injury. The 30-year-old suffered the injury in a collision with Posh striker Shaquile Coulthirst. Howard joined Bolton in the summer from Sheffield United.
The unemployment rate was 4.9%, down from 5.5% a year earlier but little changed from last month. Growth in average weekly earnings including bonuses slowed slightly to an increase of 2.3% on last year. The proportion of people in work hit a record high of 74
Applying for court orders allowing a child to be placed for adoption has fallen by 34%. There has also been a 54% fall in the number of placement orders granted by courts. Adoption Leadership Board says the drop in adoptions may have been influenced by recent court judgements.
National Amusements has filed with a Delaware court to approve the changes. Independent director Frederic Salerno has contested the move. The health of the 93-year-old Mr Redstone and his daughter Shari's influence over him have been questioned.
Anna Signeul's squad did not speak to the media before and after Friday's 2-0 friendly win over Romania in Falkirk. Scotland's home-based players are being funded to go full-time as they prepare for the finals. Signeul will name her squad for Euro 2017
Remains of a torso have been found off the coast of Amager, Denmark. Police say it is too early to say whether it is the remains of Kim Wall. She was last seen alive on 10 August as she departed on a trip with Peter Madsen. Mr Madsen has
Ricky Miller scored a hat-trick as Dover Athletic beat Forest Green Rovers 4-3. Rovers took the lead through Liam Noble's deflected free-kick in the seventh minute. Miller converted a penalty and added a second with a coolly-taken penalty.
Charlene Walker, 36, suffered a single stab wound at the Darlington home of Julie Gowling. The 44-year-old tried to cover up the killing and dispose of the weapon by burying it in a garden. Gowling, 44, must serve a minimum of 14 years
Research into the CIA's work has thrown up several cases where the agency tried to influence events. Patrice Lumumba was the first prime minister of the newly-independent Congo in 1960. Ghana's first President Kwame Nkrumah was overthrown in a military coup in 1966.
Match was due to take place on Thursday but was rescheduled due to a frozen pitch at Stade des Alpes. Wales hooker Scott Baldwin is undergoing a head injury assessment and is omitted from the Ospreys' line-up. Ospreys are playing in the second
Highgate School has also been encouraged to allow unisex toilets and open sports to all pupils. Girls can wear grey trousers, dark blue jackets and ties, but boys are not allowed to wear pleated skirts. Head Adam Pettitt said the issue of a gender neutral uniform had come up
Ardglass golfer is three shots off the lead held by American Peter Uihlein. The 23-year-old hit seven birdies but dropped three shots on par five holes. Belfast's Michael Hoey finished on five over including two bogeys.
Playhatch Roundabout is near Sonning-on-Thames where a red letterbox 'appeared' last year. A BBC Radio Berkshire reporter saw the 'pin' and posted an image on a BBC Facebook page. The origin of the giant 'A' at the roundabout
Africans have never had so much artistic freedom since multi-party democracy in the 1990s. But critics say artists are still subject to tight censorship. So, just how free are Africa's artists - in film, literature and music- to tell their own stories? Are artists free
For the first time, the dirt has been dug up by archaeologists eager to find out more about our ancestors. The most interesting find has been the foundations of a house dating back to the 1300s. A flint scraper, used by people living more than 3,000 years ago, was also
Police said the woman was the only person in a northbound vehicle that collided with a car occupied by two adults and two children at about 10:50. The occupants of the car received treatment for non life-threatening injuries at the scene. The road remains closed with local diversions in place via
A number of flights have been cancelled at Cork airport and weather warnings are in place. About 25,000 customers affected by power outages. Aer Lingus regional flights to and from Edinburgh, Birmingham, Manchester and Bristol cancelled.
Badminton is one of five sports to lose its UK Sport funding for the 2020 Olympics. The Adcocks beat Indonesian pair Praveen Jordan and Debby Susanto 21-19 17-21 21-9. They will face China's Zheng Siwei and Chen Qingchen in
Samoan Samoan made six appearances for the Tigers last season. The 26-year-old Samoan started his career with Manly Sea Eagles. He says he is ready to take his game up to a new level.
Lord West was being questioned about problems with a Trident missile test. He said a Seaslug aircraft missile was "fired into Wales" by mistake. It is believed he was referring to an incident in Cardigan Bay in 1958.
Craig Stevens made £15,000 selling a single Boba Fett figure at auction last month. Now he's selling another 15 rare Star Wars items worth up to £40,000. The most highly valued item is a Palitoy FX-7 medical droid from The Empire Strikes Back
Serbia face Wales in their final World Cup qualifier on Saturday. Ivanovic has led Serbia to the top of Group D ahead of the game. The 32-year-old says it will be Wales' toughest game so far in the campaign. Wales will welcome Aaron Ramsey back
Previously, agents with the FBI and other federal agencies were forbidden from recording interrogations without special dispensation. Critics of the old policy said it risked generating false confessions and other abuses. The new rules will cover agents at the FBI, DEA, ATF and US Marshals service.
Lord Bracadale has been asked to examine all of the country's hate crime legislation. He will examine whether existing laws are the most effective way of dealing with criminal conduct motivated by hatred, malice, ill-will or prejudice. The independent review will start on 30 January and last up
Cambridge University Library offered first refusal to buy New Testament manuscript. Bible Society in Swindon, which owned it for almost 200 years, decided to sell it off to raise money. It wanted to shore up funds for a new £1m visitor centre inside a deconsecrated church
Ukraine announces plans to recruit 10,000 people within the next 15 days for its new National Guard. Interim Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk says "separatist ringleaders" will be held to account. EU foreign ministers expected to extend sanctions against Russia on Monday.
Shafiq was the last prime minister to serve under Hosni Mubarak, who was ousted by protests in 2011. The commission is due to announce the final list of candidates on Thursday. Front-runners are considered to be former Foreign Minister Amr Moussa, independent moderate Islamist Abdel Mone
Powell led Derby to victory at Cardiff hours after his boss was removed from his role. While the club investigates Pearson's behaviour for unspecified reasons, contact between the manager and Rams staff is not allowed. "It's a situation that no one wants to be in," says Powell.
Preston, 21, scored seven goals for the Lions last season. He also scored 12 goals while on loan to Ayr United in 2015-16. "It's a good opportunity for coming coming back to full-time football," he said.
Malorie Bantala, 22, gave birth at 32 weeks to a stillborn boy following the assault. Kevin Wilson and a 17-year-old youth allegedly attacked her when she refused a termination. Both defendants deny child destruction and causing grievous bodily harm.
Taylor rose to prominence as a manager after retiring as a player with Lincoln City in 1972. He won the Fourth Division title with them before moving to Watford in 1977. In tandem with his chairman Sir Elton John, he produced arguably his finest work at Watford. Taylor nurtured
Nikkei 225 ended up 1.5% at 19,312.79, its biggest daily percentage gain since 12 February. In China, the Shanghai Composite closed 0.4% higher at 3,825.78. Hong Kong's Hang Seng index ended up 0.8% at
College of Policing guidance focuses on abusive relationship dynamics. New offence of 'coercive and controlling behaviour' expected to come into force later this year. Domestic abuse can include preventing victim from having friendships or hobbies, refusing them access to money and determining many aspects of their everyday life.
Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood called for a northern powerhouse. Defence Secretary Michael Fallon visited Wales to meet business leaders. Wales Green leader Pippa Bartolotti called for legalisation of cannabis for medical use.
Fidel Castro has remained the same, a symbol of revolution, a communist who has survived the fall of communism. Before surgery took him out of public view in July 2006, he inspired his followers with slogans and five-hour speeches. Fidel maintained his rule with an iron grip, sending opponents
Middlesbrough beat Bolton Wanderers 2-1 in their Premier League clash at the Macron Stadium. Josh Vela fired Bolton in front from eight yards after Emile Heskey laid Dean Moxey's long throw into his path. Jordan Rhodes equalised for Boro with a close
Jennifer Lopez's first fragrance, released in 2002, triggered a deluge of deodorants. Perfumes ideally have to match the celebrity's image while also appealing to their core audience. Johnny Depp as the face of Dior Sauvage has helped to drive awareness for that fragrance.
Christopher Meli, 20, was found dead near houses at Glasvey Close. Detectives said he had suffered a sustained and vicious assault. Three teenagers, two aged 18 and a 16-year-old youth, appeared in court charged with Mr Meli's murder.
Theresa May and Bernard Cazeneuve will tour the Eurotunnel site in Calais. They will also meet aid associations and discuss humanitarian support for migrants. Thousands of migrants are living around Calais - many in the camp known as the Jungle. Each night hundreds attempt to reach the UK
Brace will fight for the vacant WBC International bantamweight title. The 26-year-old has won all five of her professional bouts so far. Brace quit amateur boxing after being told she was ineligible to compete at the 2014 Commonwealth Games.
Drafts of poems Unluckily for a Death and Into her Lying Down Head were bought by Swansea University at an auction in New York. They will go on public display at the university's Bay Campus library on International Dylan Thomas Day - 14 May. The drafts include 25 pages in Thomas
The writer worked on the musical before her death last April. There will be more than 30 performances over the next four weeks. The role of Adrian is being shared by Lewis Andrews, Sebastian Croft and Joel Fossard-Jones.
South Wales Fire and Rescue Service called to Butetown tunnel. Woman taken to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales with unknown injuries. A4232 westbound tunnel remains closed after parts of it were damaged.
Stranraer are bottom of the Scottish Championship after defeat by Stenhousemuir. Manager Brian Reid has left the club by mutual consent. Reid twice won promotion to the second tier via the play-offs with Ayr United between 2007 and 2012. The 46-year
Councillor Aysegul Gurbuz claimed Hitler was the "greatest man in history" Another tweet suggested Iran could develop a nuclear weapon to "wipe Israel off the map" Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn said anyone who makes anti-Semitic remarks is "auto-excluded from
Greek MPs have approved tough new conditions set by the EU lenders for talks on the bailout. Greece formally submitted a request for a new loan from the International Monetary Fund. The IMF wants Greece's debt burden to be reduced to a level it considers "sustainable"
Some of the men come from families with close links to the government. The victim is the daughter of an opposition leader. A video of her rape sparked a wave of protests in Chad in February.
Norwich City Council's planning committee meets on Thursday. Plans include 60 flats and 45 houses, 35 of which will be social rent. Council's head of neighbourhood and strategic housing, Kristine Reeves, was later sacked over the affair.
NASUWT members in Derry City, Strabane, Mid Ulster, Fermanagh and Omagh council areas will strike on 31 January. In October, all teaching unions in Northern Ireland rejected an offer that would have seen their pay frozen last year and a rise of 1% for 2016-17
Bill Cosby 77 was to have been streamed from 27 November. It is not clear when or if the special will now be shown. Netflix's announcement came shortly after an interview with a model and TV host who claimed Cosby sexually assaulted her in 1982.
News 24 presenter Jeremy Fernandez was the victim of an ugly racist incident on a Sydney bus. A small girl started pinching and flicking his two-year-old daughter. Fernandez shared the incident with his followers on Twitter, and it soon went viral. Since last Friday, he
Isabelle and Stanley Larson from Oxted, Surrey, were burgled in October 2005. Marine Policing Unit's dive team recovered the items in a supermarket carrier bag. One of the items was a watch belonging to Mrs Larson's uncle, that he was given in 1972.
Sterling has also been linked with Arsenal and Real Madrid. The 20-year-old has rejected the offer of a new £100,000-a-week deal at Anfield. Liverpool turned down a bid of £25m, plus add-ons, from Premier League rivals City
Land Reform Bill will end tax relief for shooting estates and force the sale of land if owners are blocking economic development. Landowners on sporting estates stopped paying business rates in 1994. Scottish government had previously said the tax exemption was unfair and must end. But landowners have claimed re-introdu
Our 100 Women season showcases inspirational stories about the BBC 100 Women. Follow us on Twitter and Instagram using the hashtag #100Women.
Mills is Ebbsfleet's first signing since winning promotion from National League South. The 26-year-old previously had spells with Peterborough and Torquay. Mills scored 102 goals for Whitehawk after joining the club in 2012.
Hamburg's new law takes effect next week. Owners of empty commercial properties will be compensated. Germany expects to host at least 800,000 asylum seekers this year.
Warwickshire pair Josh Poysden and Alex Mellor sign new deals with the club. Poysden was already tied to Edgbaston to the end of 2017. Mellor has signed a new two-year contract.
Do Not Pay bot currently works in the UK and New York in the US. It asks a series of questions to determine the validity of a penalty notice. Bot can also be used to work out compensation for delayed flights.
David Waddington served in the army in the 1950s and entered Parliament in 1968. He served as chief whip and other roles under Margaret Thatcher. After leaving the Commons, he was leader of the House of Lords and governor of Bermuda. Prime Minister Theresa May pays tribute to his "
Cardiff and Vale University Health Board to introduce park and ride service for patients, visitors and staff in a bid to keep traffic off site. Direct weekday service will start on 2 May and run every 20 minutes. There are also plans to introduce bus and cycle hubs at UHW.
Reports suggested more than one iguana was actually filmed, with scenes stitched together. But the BBC has said only one animal was chased by the snakes - with other iguanas only filmed for close-ups. The scene quickly went viral when it was aired last year and later won a
Up to Â£20,000 will be used to repair badly eroded Long Stile. The final ascent on to High Street summit between Ullswater and Haweswater. Fix the Fells spokesman said the group was "delighted" to be chosen.
Millwall break the deadlock in the 35th minute with a Byron Webster goal. Shaun Hutchinson doubles their advantage in the 77th minute after Shrewsbury were unable to clear Shane Ferguson's free-kick. The Lions are now only outside the play-off places on goal difference
GoPro's cash reserves have fallen to $132m (Â£106m) - less than half the amount at the start of the year. The company is being sued over claims it misled investors about demand for the product. It is also closing its entertainment division.
Ian Brady, 75, and Myra Hindley tortured and murdered five children. He was jailed for three murders in 1966 and has been at Ashworth since 1985. Brady has been on a hunger strike since 1999, and appeared at tribunal with his feeding tube in place.
The man died in Inverness on 27 October this year. Police Scotland said it was "fully engaging" with the investigation. A report on the commissioner's findings will be submitted to the COPFS.
Current ice extent is a poor guide to the scale of the eventual September low point. A better correlation is with the fraction of the floes in May topped with melt ponds. Ponding water accelerates melting by changing the reflectivity, or albedo, of white ice.
Mitis Mulbah scores twice as Liberian side Kabylie lose to Algeria. Rayon Sports of Rwanda are virtually assured of a last-32 place in Africa's second-tier club competition after beating newcomers Al Salam Wau of South Sudan 4-0 in Juba. Itt
Mr Nagle is currently the chairman of the Dublin-based Sisk Group. Sisk is primarily a construction business but also has a significant manufacturing division. The Newry firm had been run by its founder Lord Ballyedmond, until his death.
Arsenal beat Chelsea 3-0 at the Emirates Stadium. Alexis Sanchez, Theo Walcott and Mesut Ozil scored for Gunners. Chelsea's Gary Cahill was at fault for both goals.
White lions are very rare - their zoo keeper thinks there's only around 90 of them in existence. They are usually found in wildlife reserves in South Africa and a few zoos around the world.
Defenders Buxton, 25 and Ridehalgh, 26, have both signed contracts until the end of the 2018-19 season. Midfielder Kirby, 23, has played more than 100 times for Rovers since 2012. Defender Gumbs and midfielder Duggan, both 20,
Both sustained leg injuries in the incident on Thursday. One of the two male officers had been discharged from the Princess Elizabeth Hospital. The force is investigating what caused the injuries.
Man, in his 50s, taken to hospital after a row on a garage forecourt on Castle Street. Another man and a woman later assaulted in licensed premises on the same road. Detectives have appealed for anyone who witnessed the attacks to contact police.
The tweet was meant to promote a limited edition tie-up with The Trevor Project. Blogger Camille Beredjick's rebuke was "liked" over a thousand times. June is Pride Month around the world.
Barbara and Colin Sellins, from Southborough in Kent, have no immediate family. They wanted to make sure their funerals were paid for. Have been told it is unlikely they will get back the Â£4,000 they spent. Kent Police said they are reviewing the Sellins
Ahmed Awad bin Mubarak was meant to be released last week as part of a deal. President Abdrabbuh Mansour Hadi and his government have since offered their resignations. Houthis seized the presidential palace complex and shelled the president's private home.
Project has been partly funded by American Football's professional league, the NFL. Cardiff University said the treatment specifically targets injured tissue. More than a million people in the UK are admitted to hospital as a result of a head injury every year.
Former Reading goalkeeper Federici signs for Bournemouth on a free transfer. The 30-year-old made 245 appearances for the Royals and was part of Australia's 2010 World Cup squad. Federici is the second goalkeeper signed by the Cherries this week after Artur Boruc.
29 people, including a woman pregnant with twins, were killed in Omagh bombing. The judge described the evidence against Colm Murphy and Seamus Daly as 'overwhelming' The action was taken by the victims' families, who have been awarded £1.6m damages. F
Prof Sir Venkatraman Ramakrishnan says EU scientists working in Britain could leave amid a climate of uncertainty. The Science Minister, Jo Johnson, said the UK would continue to attract the brightest and best to work in the country's universities. British universities employ about 30,000 scientists from EU
Second-hand smoke contains more than 4,000 chemical compounds. At least 250 of those compounds are known to be toxic or to cause cancer. Of particular concern are the smallest particles, called PM2.5. These are invisible to the human eye but can linger in the air for hours.
Bayern Munich beat FC Rostov 5-0 in Champions League Group D. Thomas Muller and Juan Bernat score for German champions. Atletico Madrid beat PSV 1-0. Ludogorets and Basel draw 1-1 in Group C.
Greig Laidlaw kicked four penalties as Scotland beat Japan 16-9. Gordon Reid, Fraser Brown and WP Nel came on together for second half. Scotland coach Cotter says he is happy with 'frustrating' result. Japan coach Mark Hammett 'disappointed' with
Chester replaces Australian Brian Smith, who resigned last week. Batley and Wales coach John Kear will join the club as director of rugby. Wakefield are currently 11th in the 12-team Super League.
The Glasgow Necropolis is a 37-acre Victorian cemetery east of the city centre. It contains about 3,500 monuments and sculptures, and is a tourist attraction. Ch Insp David Pettigrew said cameras would act as a deterrent to disorder and vandalism. Council said implementation of cameras had
Since the vote, there have been reports of racism on social media. True Vision, a police-funded online reporting facility for hate crime, said it had received 85 reports between Thursday 23 and Sunday 26 June compared with 54 reports during the same period last month. In London, the Metropolitan Police
Plaid Cymru wants devolved Welsh government funded to same level as Scottish. Leader Leanne Wood says this amounts to £1.2bn extra a year for Wales. Plaid says it will negotiate with SNP and Greens if there is a hung parliament. Wants to restore
Kent recorded a loss of £142,659 after EBITDA (earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortisation) The club also sold land at the Old Dover Road side of the St Lawrence Ground to property developers shortly after the end of the financial year.
IS captured al-Qaryatain in August, and abducted hundreds of residents, including dozens of Christians. A monitoring group said there were still pockets of fighting in the town. It comes days after IS was pushed out of the nearby ancient city of Palmyra.
66 state-school pupils will receive scholarships worth $17m (Â£12m) from US universities. US ambassador Matthew Barzun praised the value of such "interconnectedness" There are 10,700 UK students in US universities - up by about 16% since tuition fees were increased
Emily, 11, won the Jacqueline Wilson Creative Writing Prize. Her story The Last Sign will now feature in Jacqueline's new book Clover Moon. The story is about an older lady reminiscing about her past.
Amarmandakh Sukhbaatar was performing in the Mongolian capital Ulan Bator. He had taken to the stage in a red deel - a Mongolian robe embroidered with a swastika. The swastika is a traditional symbol in Mongolia that pre-dates Hitler.
Roger Hamer died from head injuries, a month after the accident in March 2016. Rochdale Coroner's Court jury's narrative verdict found 'inconsistencies' in the way Bury Council dealt with some road repairs. Lessons had been learned and the road would be resurfaced,
Edward Davies, 39, from Hampshire, has not been in touch with his family or friends since Sunday 8 May. Extensive searches involving mountain rescue teams, search dogs, police and a helicopter have been made. Mr Davies, an experienced hillwalker, had planned to climb Sgurr na h-
Spaniards seal 12th and final spot for Rio Games. They join Fiji, South Africa, Great Britain, Australia, United States, Argentina, France, Kenya, New Zealand, Japan and Brazil.
Plane crashed in Holme Fen during a 300mph (483km/h) training mission in 1940. Experts from Oxford Archaeology East and Cranfield University have spent five days recovering the plane. Its parts will be preserved and put on public display.
Send your photos of Scotland to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or via Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics. Your pictures were sent in between 26 May and 2 June.
Karen Gillan is best known for her roles as Amy Pond in Doctor Who and Nebula in Guardians of the Galaxy. The 29-year-old is also writing and directing her own material, including a horror short called Conventional. Tupperware Party is being made by Mt Hollywood Films
Waisea Nayacalevu and Julien Arias scored tries for Stade Jean-Bouin. Mat Luamanu and Craig Burden crossed for Harlequins. Marland Yarde and James Chisholm went over for late tries for Quins.
Dani Alves and Marko Pjaca score as Juventus beat FC Porto 2-0 at the Estadio Mineirao. Pjaca and Alves scored either side of half-time to extend Juventus' seven-point lead at the top of Serie A. Ju
Wales face Italy in their Six Nations opener in Rome on Sunday. Luke Charteris and Bradley Davies ruled out with injuries. Cory Hill on the bench ahead of uncapped Osprey Rory Thornton. Wales hope Charteris will be fit to face England six days later.
ZiggyZag was proposed for middle of Brixton, Bowie's birthplace. Campaign needed to raise £900,000 but had gathered £50,000 in pledges. Organisers still hope to create an "appropriate piece of public art"
Peter Bunyan, 53, pleaded guilty to manslaughter on grounds of diminished responsibility. Court heard a witness saw him forcing entry into Brian Robson's house on 23 February. Police then found 84-year-old Mr Robson with fatal head injuries. Bunyan will be sentenced at
Paul Benson almost gave Daggers an early lead but his header was well cleared off the line by Alex Whittle after nine minutes. Jon Parkin wasted a couple of chances for the Minstermen before Amari Morgan-Smith hit the crossbar with a header in first-half added time.
X Factor and Britain's Got Talent to continue on ITV until at least 2019. The Voice will move from the BBC to ITV next year, also on a three-year deal. Cowell may not appear as a judge on both programmes, though.
Russia's Sports Minister Vitaly Mutko: "We behaved incorrectly, we will have a fine from Uefa" Trouble began in the stadium after flares were let off by Russian fans near the end of the game. Some fans then climbed across barriers designed to keep rival fans apart
Iraqi Army and volunteer militia enter town of Amerli, breaking two-month IS siege. 15,000 minority Shia Turkmen have been surrounded by Islamic State militants. UK, France and Australia join the US in dropping humanitarian aid to Amerli. US military confirms it carried out two
SEC says Initial Coin Offerings (ICOs) should be registered in the same way as securities sales. ICOs have raised more than $1bn so far this year but there are concerns they are creating an investment bubble. Regulators don't need to rely on legislation specifically dealing with ICO
Welsh Lib Dems want to replace tuition fee subsidies with maintenance grants of Â£2,500.
Kirsty Gilmour won her fourth consecutive women's doubles title. She beat Martin Campbell and Julie MacPherson 21-11 21-16 to extend her record in the event. Olympic hopeful Robert Blair won his first men's title with partner Adam Hall.
Hilal Soudani equalised for Algeria against the run of play. Sylvain Gbohouo made a brilliant save to deny the Algerian striker. Ivory Coast hit back through new Manchester City striker Bony. Gervinho set up Junior Tallo for
Call of Duty: Black Ops III teaser tweets set up fictional attack in Singapore in 2065. Fictional news network sent out breaking news tweet about "unconfirmed reports" of "an explosion" in Singapore's marina. Singapore's devoted gaming community "enjoyed the preview"
Sea lice are a naturally-occurring parasite that can cause disease. They are responsible for many losses to wild and farmed fish stocks. Resistance to chemical treatments is rising. Glasgow University has developed a new protocol to breed resistant fish.
Local elections have been held in North Korea since 1999. They decide provincial governors, mayors and local assemblies in the country of 25m people. The number of seats is determined by each district's population. There is only one candidate on the ballot in each district.
Chancellor George Osborne's speech was largely focused on the north of England. But the South East was conspicuous by its absence in his Budget speech. UKIP leader Nigel Farage said the chancellor was in danger of increasing the north/south divide. Shadow Chief Secretary to the Treasury, Chris Leslie
Laura Trott wins women's individual pursuit title. Andy Tennant retains men's pursuit title for Sir Bradley Wiggins' team. Matt Crampton and Katy Marchant win maiden titles in keirin and sprint. Sophie Thornhill retains mixed Para-cycling BVI standing start
Martin told MCN that he was quitting road racing but he later clarified his position. The English rider crashed at this year's TT and the Fireblade bike has been plagued by mechanical problems. Martin didn't race at the North West 200 after team-mate John McGuinness crashed.
San Cristobal mayor Daniel Ceballos was removed from office last week. He was sentenced to 12 months in prison for failing to order the removal of the barricades. At least 39 people have been killed in protest-related violence. The protests are the largest in a decade and
Scottish government has already ended right to buy for new tenants. Ministers are considering proposals to increase supply of affordable housing. Consultation got 169 responses from registered social landlords, tenant and resident groups, councils, charities and others.
RIBA North gallery includes interactive 3D digital city model. Visitors will walk through layers of red mesh cut into the shapes of iconic buildings in "northern powerhouse" cities. Liverpool(e) Mover, Shaker, Architecture Risk Taker exhibition runs until 16 September.
Official maximum depth on the current chart for Loch Ness is 754ft (229.8m) The Maritime and Coastguard Agency said it has no plans to resurvey the loch. Keith Stewart's discovery has been dubbed a new hiding place for Nessie.
William McIlvanney was born and educated in Kilmarnock, Scotland. He became an English teacher after graduating from Glasgow University. East Ayrshire Council said it would ask permission from his family to name the campus. The Â£45m facility will house primary
Linda Norgrove had been working in Afghanistan when she was kidnapped in 2010. Colleagues told BBC Alba that captors told her they did not intend to kill her. She was led to believe she was being held captive to secure the release of rebel prisoners. 36
Ken Tsang was kicked and punched as he lay on the ground during the protests. The incident, at the height of the protests, caused public outrage. Police in Hong Kong are generally well-respected and incidents of police violence are rare. Protesters were seeking freedom from Chinese intervention in
Felix Barrow was knocked over and hit by a car on his way to school last year. He spent three weeks in a coma and his parents were told he might never walk again. His family has raised nearly Â£100,000 for the services that saved his life.
Gerry Rafferty died peacefully at his home in Dorset, with his daughter Martha at his bedside. Rafferty had battled a drink problem and spent time in hospital in Bournemouth with liver failure. He was born in Paisley and began his musical career as a busker
Plans granted for new Â£16m aerospace museum on former Filton Airfield. BBC reporter Charlotte Callen went on board Concorde 216 or Alpha Foxtrot.
Nelson Packaging's factory in Lancashire has been operating since 1975. It was taken over by Cheshire-based packaging firm Intelipac three years ago. The 5p charge for bags was introduced in England in October and followed the introduction of charges in Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland
Aceh is the only province in Indonesia that is allowed to implement Sharia law. But it has yet to adopt provisions dealing with gay and lesbian people. Activists have blamed Aceh's Sharia laws for encouraging vigilantism.
Six men were accused of conspiracy to defraud the Coal Authority, Neath Port Talbot, Bridgend, and Powys councils. But the case was dismissed and the judge said no law had been broken. The Serious Fraud Office (SFO) applied to the High Court to continue
McKinstry was appointed technical director of the Craig Bellamy academy in Sierra Leone at 24. By 27, he was manager of the national team and within 18 months his squad were in the top 50 of the world rankings for the first time. Two months ago he was sacked by email,
Scotland are one of eight countries competing in Glasgow to win promotion to the sport's top division. The overall championship winners and runners-up will be elevated to the top tier. Scotland begin their campaign against France on Sunday, with the final held on Saturday, 12 August.
The brothers' house-building business collapsed in 2008. Their creditors will vote on the IVA proposal next month. In December 2015, the brothers lost a long-running legal battle with the Ulster Bank.
Manufacturing failed to boost overall UK growth during 2015 and early 2016. UK economic growth slowed to 0.4% in the first quarter of the year from 0.6% in late 2015. More than a third of manufacturers surveyed believed uncertainty over the EU vote has had an impact on their business.
The 20-year-old has 10 caps for his country. The fee is more than the £175,000 paid for Alan Buckley in 1979. Makris: "From the moment I walked into the stadium I felt comfortable"
Character actor Wallach began his film career in 1956 after 10 years on stage. His portrayal of bandit chief Calvera in The Magnificent Seven regarded by many as definitive role. When he received an honorary Oscar in 2011, he was described as a 'quintessential chameleon
Johanna Konta plays American Bethanie Mattek-Sands on the Grandstand court on Monday. Novak Djokovic, Rafael Nadal and Angelique Kerber also play on day one of the US Open. Andy Murray is among six Britons scheduled for day two on
Counter-Terrorism Bureau said travellers should shun crowded areas like beach parties, clubs, and markets. India is a popular tourist destination for Israelis. Young visitors from Israel often travel to Goa to relax after completing military service. Israel's warning came hours after Australian anti-terror police charged
GfK's confidence index fell by eight points to minus nine, a drop not since 1994. Less confident consumers tend to curb their spending, which accounts for about two-thirds of the UK economy. The survey was run from 30 June to 5 July to capture the mood of consumers immediately after the
The citadel overlooks Aleppo's Old City and is part of a UN-listed World Heritage site. Government and rebel forces have been fighting for control of the city for over three years. The government says that rebel fighters set off a bomb in a tunnel beneath the citadel.
Field experiments show severe droughts could trigger dieback of forests in the near-term. Efforts to curb deforestation need to be accompanied by initiatives to stop land management fires spreading into adjoining forest reserves, researchers say. The findings are based on data gathered from a long-running field
Deborah Steel, 37, was last seen in the early hours of 28 December. Her body has not been found and her disappearance has been reclassified as murder. Two men, aged 50 and 70, will not face further action over her disappearance.
Bodies were found by police and paramedics after they were called to a house in Shirebrook. A man has been arrested and remains in police custody. Police are investigating the cause of what they say are'suspicious' deaths.
The 22-year-old played for Yeovil in the 2012-13 season and briefly last term. She has been studying at Rider University for the past four years. Howard graduated two weeks ago with a major in history and a minor in French.
Ibori was jailed in the UK for fraud totalling nearly £50m in 2012. He was due to be released on 20 December but instead was held in immigration detention. After he was released he launched his claim against the Home Secretary Amber Rudd for damages for false imprisonment and breach of his rights
Scam email sent to Scotland Supporters Club mailing list subscribers. Invoice for £170 was sent to subscribers just after 09:00 on Monday morning. SFA said third-party database had been compromised and urged recipients to delete email.
Cardiff walker won the 5km at the British Championships in Birmingham. Davies set two new British bests in the mile and 5km event. The 26-year-old will compete at the World Championships in London next month.
Born in Bradford, Appleyard did not make his first-class debut until he was 27. Made his Test debut in 1954 and had match figures of 7-123 in victory over Pakistan. Retired from playing in 1958 and went on to serve as club president between 2006 and 2008.
Michelle Carter is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the suicide of Conrad Roy III. Prosecutors allege Ms Carter drove the Massachusetts 18-year-old to his death to attract sympathy. She has asked a judge to rule on the case, rather than a jury of her peers. Mr Roy was found dead
Warren Gatland handed the Wales captaincy to Alun Jones in 2011. Wales start their Six Nations campaign in Italy on 5 February. Warburton insists he is not disappointed and is free to concentrate on securing his position in the Wales back row. The 28-year-old
A 25-year-old man with knife wounds is in a critical condition in hospital, police say. A second man, 22, is being treated for gunshot injuries that are not thought to be life-threatening. Four of the arrested men are suspected of violent disorder, and a fifth of
Kulbhushan Jadhav was arrested in the restive Balochistan province and accused of "espionage and sabotage activities against Pakistan" Last month a top UN court told Pakistan not to execute him until it had time to hear a case brought by India. India dismissed the mercy petition and
Office of National Statistics: Women paid 24.6% less than men in skilled trades. Equal pay legislation was introduced in 1970.
Volunteers were asked to act as traffic wardens at Tilbury Pioneer Academy in Essex. Thurrock Council said it highlighted the "deterrent value of the project" Pilot was introduced after council said it only had six full-time traffic officers. But FoI reveals
Latics manager Graham Barrow will take charge of the Latics for the rest of the season. Joyce took over in November after Gary Caldwell's sacking but only won six of 24 games. The Latics are four points from safety after losing 1-0 at home to Bristol City
Samuel Walker was fatally injured in a hit-and-run as he crossed a road in Chorlton, Manchester. Joyrider Nawnee Mackin, 35, was jailed for nine years in November for causing death by dangerous driving. Car owner Craig Chevelleau,
Francesca Schiavone beaten in first round of French Open. Caroline Wozniacki fights back to beat Australian Jaimee Fourlis. Muguruza will face Estonia's Anett Kontaveit in the second round.
Labour says it has a 'robust system' to prevent'malicious applications' Acting leader Harriet Harman emailed MPs with list of new members from their constituencies. They are asked to confirm they "support the aims and values of the Labour Party" Labour says verification process is ongoing
Coquimbo, close to epicentre, saw waves of 4.7m (15ft) hit the shore. Hundreds of people spent Thursday night in temporary shelters, while tens of thousands are without electricity. Small tsunami waves were felt along the west coast of the US and Canada
Coventry's Highfield Road years are now regarded by many as the club's golden era. The ground was the first all-seater stadium in English football and was at the heart of Coventry life. However, the move to the Ricoh Arena has not brought the success many
The 19-year-old has been with the Shakers since 2013 and scored two goals in 14 appearances last season. He can return to Gigg Lane if Bury use the recall clause in his contract, which expires on 28 April. The midfielder has had previous loan spells with Staly
Three-day festival took place in Dungarvan in County Waterford this week. True North: Keepin' Er Country took the main accolade in factual entertainment category. BBC Radio Ulster's Saturday morning programme The John Toal Show won best radio magazine show.
UK banks who use the internet pay just as much for overdrafts and fees as everyone else. Lloyds boasts that is has 10 million customers who access its services via the internet. First Direct charges £83.05 to fund a £500 overdraft for a month, only marginally cheaper
Ch Supt Chris Noble said the device was an attempt by dissident republicans to kill police officers. He said the lives of the local community had also been put at risk. About 20 residents had to leave their homes during the security operation. They have since been allowed to return home.
Chinese troops have entered what India says is its territory near the disputed border. Some media outlets say the tensions are likely to "undo" the progress made during Chinese President Xi Jinping's India visit last week. Abhinav Bindra, one of India's top Indian shooters, on Tuesday won two bronze
Staniforth and Sjoman have signed two-year deals with the WSL 1 side. The 23-year-old Staniforth made her Lady Black Cats debut aged 16. Sjoman helped the club to the FA Womens' Premier League North title and 2009 W
Qatar has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on new homes, a hospital and main roads in the Gaza Strip. It is not yet clear how its projects will be affected by the ongoing row with Saudi Arabia and other Gulf Arab countries. Hamas leaders insist that Qatari help to Gaza has been primarily
Proposed timetable changes could have seen four of six services being cut. CrossCountry said there would now be no changes to timetables from this December. It followed discussions with the Department for Transport and Transport Scotland.
US Secretary of State John Kerry tells Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi the US has "strong concerns" over recent developments. Last week, Chinese and Vietnamese ships clashed over the drilling rig that China has placed in waters near the disputed Paracel Islands. China and Manila are also at odds over overlapping
Pre-conclave meeting begins with prayers and oaths of secrecy. Vatican says 101 of the 115 cardinals involved in the conclave have arrived in Rome. A further 12 are due to arrive either today or tomorrow, while two are not attending. The conclave is expected to
According to the Russian United Credit Bureau, 40 million Russians have loans or mortgages. By June, 12.5m of those loans had not been paid for at least a month. Russian Central Bank says total personal debt has risen to 1tn roubles (£10.7bn; $16
China's economy grew by 7% in the first quarter of 2014, the lowest since 2009. Fiscal stimulus should be China's "first line of defence" in economic slowdown. IMF says China's growth would stabilise at around 6% by 2017.
The boat is understood to have capsized in the Durris area, at Craiglug, Scotland. One of the three - believed to be teenagers - made it ashore and efforts were being made to reach the other two who were stranded on an island in the river. They were later rescued
Ofcom's chief executive, Sharon White, is reviewing the company's provision of superfast broadband. She said one option was "the structural separation" of Openreach from BT. Critics of BT say it has not invested enough in Openreach and want it sold.
Niger is one of the biggest uranium producers in the world. The scandal, known as "uranium-gate", resulted from a 2011 transaction between French nuclear giant Areva and companies both in Niger and abroad. Niger has two significant uranium mines that provides 7.5% of the
Among the dead is a family of four killed in a fire started by lightning, officials say. The storm comes two weeks after the region declared a drought disaster. It is the worst winter storm for 30 years, according to the South African Weather Service. Schools and universities have shut,
The train was carrying a flammable, toxic substance called acrylonitrile. It came off the rails near Maryville, Tennessee, just before midnight on Wednesday. Firefighters evacuated people within a two-mile radius of the fire to prevent them breathing in fumes.
Brown won team gold with England at the 2010 Commonwealth Games. The 25-year-old claimed her maiden able-bodied national title on Sunday. But to qualify for Rio 2016 she will have to switch from compound bow to recurve. Brown's stance is backed by ArcheryGB
Mark Davey, 33, from Luton, died from severe head and brain injuries. His Audi R8 hit a roundabout on the A6 at Wixams, Bedfordshire, last September. The driver of the Porsche he was seen racing against, who failed to stop, has
Woman and her two daughters escaped moments before house was knocked down. The 48-year-old was expected to be charged with about 11 offences over the incident in Teralba, outside Newcastle. Police said he was known to the occupants of the house and had previously lived with them.
Williams driver Felipe Massa suffered two left-rear wheel failures. Renault's Kevin Magnussen a suspected broken left rear suspension. The session was stopped for 30 minutes as officials cleared the track.
Blaine Scully, Cory Allen, Steven Shingler and Daniel Ramsey score tries for Cardiff Blues. Pierre Dupouy claimed a consolation try for Pau. Cardiff will face second-placed Bath twice in December.
Lawyers believe Emstrey Crematorium breached the Human Rights Act. About 60 families were unable to get their child's remains because of poor training and out-of-date equipment at council-owned crematorium. If legal challenge is successful, it could pave the way for action against
Downing Street publishes letter to the President of the European Council. Tusk: "We are leaving the European Union, but we are not leaving Europe" UK Parliament confirmed the result of the referendum with clear and convincing majorities.
Millions of birds reared in Northern Ireland create 260,000 tonnes of poultry litter a year. Much of the waste is spread as fertiliser on fields but it is rich in nitrogen and phosphorous. This can run into rivers and lakes and damage them - a process known as eutroph
Head of a Young Woman (1906) is worth more than Â£17m (25m euros) The painting is the property of Jaime Botin, a Spanish banking tycoon. It was declared a "historical heritage asset of exceptional importance" by the Spanish National Court.
Team Sky have been under pressure to reveal the contents of the package following a Daily Mail allegation in October 2016. Simon Cope delivered the package on the last day of the 2011 Criterium du Dauphine, which Wiggins went on to win. Culture, Media and Sport select committee chairman
Tanveer Ahmed, 32, stabbed Asad Shah, 40, outside his shop in Glasgow. Ahmed was told he would serve a minimum of 27 years in prison. Mr Shah was an Ahmadi, a minority sect not recognised by all Muslims.
Poll from YouGov put the "Yes" campaign ahead by 51% to 49%, excluding the don't knows. One-off, one-off elections present peculiar difficulties for pollsters. Almost half of the just over one thousand people included in each of the last two YouGov polls had
Jamie Peacock, Kevin Sinfield and Kylie Leuluai end their rugby league playing careers. Leeds beat Wigan Warriors 22-20 in the Grand Final at Old Trafford. The victory completed Leeds' domestic treble. Wigan full-back Matty Bowen becomes a father for
All-rounder had been receiving treatment from the New Zealand medical staff in the UK. Anderson was hurt during the first Test defeat by England at Lord's last month. The 24-year-old had signed to play for Somerset in the second half of the T20 Blast.
Government and doctors' union to continue negotiating until Wednesday. Talks are seen as the last chance for the two sides to agree a deal on Saturday pay. If talks fail, the government has indicated it will push ahead with the imposition of the contract. Hospitals are due to start
Move agreed when Pakistani army chief Raheel Sharif visited Kabul. Security co-operation between the two countries is seen as crucial in countering Taliban threat. Afghan President Ashraf Ghani blamed Pakistan-based militant groups for escalating violence.
Moises Henriques hit 18 runs as the Sixers scored 22 in their extra over. Ben Dwarshuis had to score two runs off the final ball to tie the game. The Sixers will play the Scorchers in the final at the Waca in Perth.
Barca can restore their eight-point lead with a win at Rayo Vallecano on Thursday. They can set a Spanish football record of 35 games unbeaten if they win. Real Madrid travel to Levante on Wednesday.
Renfe chief Julio Gomez-Pomar was speaking to a parliamentary panel about the crash. The derailment on 24 July also left about 170 people injured. Train driver Francisco Jose Garzon Amo is under investigation but has not been charged. MPs want to know what measures have been
Georgina Callander, 18, was among 22 people who died in the Manchester bombing. Hundreds attended the service at Holy Trinity Church in Tarleton, Lancashire. Mourners wore yellow at the request of her family who thanked them for support. The final song played at the service
Surrey beat Diamonds by six wickets in front of 2,250 at The Oval. Yorkshire posted 134-5, Hollie Armitage leading the way with 43. Beaumont shared a 65-run first-wicket stand with Bryony Smith.
Greece international Petsos becomes Fulham's first signing of the January transfer window. The 25-year-old has made three appearances since joining the German Bundesliga side on a three-year deal last summer. Striker Stephen Humphrys has extended his contract at Craven Cottage until
Chinese shares saw the biggest falls in the region with the Shanghai Composite closing down 2.8% at 4,112.21. Hong Kong's Hang Seng was down 1.3% at 27,289.97 - falling for the sixth day. Several companies on the mainland have announced
Gloucester beat Cardiff Blues 23-20 at Kingholm. Cherry and Whites go through to last eight of European Cup competition. Jonny May, Tom Marshall, Mark Atkinson and Henry Purdy scored tries for Gloucester. Alex Cuthbert and Ross Moriarty crossed for Blues
Hole opened up in Grays, Essex, on Wednesday afternoon. Thurrock Council said experts believe a tunnel below the road collapsed. Owner of the stranded lorry said he could lose up to Â£20,000 if vehicle cannot be moved easily.
The 1976 Formula One season was so dramatic it inspired the 2013 film Rush. The British Grand Prix was not broadcast on television in the UK because one of the cars was sponsored by a condom manufacturer. John Surtees signed a sponsorship deal with the London Rubber Company, which would see his team
Accident happened shortly before 22:00 GMT on the New Lodge Road on Tuesday. The man's condition was initially described as serious, but police have said he is now critical but stable. New Lodge Road was closed for a time following the incident but has since re-opened.
Hibs lost 1-0 to Dundee in the Scottish League Cup final. Michael Gardyne opened the scoring for Dundee County. Liam Fontaine equalised for the hosts just before half-time. But it was Schalk's late clearance that allowed him to win the
RSPCA has received another report of poisoning in Fordham Heath, Colchester. Charity has advised dog walkers to avoid the area "until we know more" The dogs were taken ill last week, although one had suffered similar symptoms in May.
Wales beat France 19-10 on Friday to remain unbeaten in the Six Nations. Captain Sam Warburton admits win over France was 'boring' Wales face England at Twickenham on 12 March. Ospreys scrum-half Rhys Webb could be called up
Laura Jayne Stuart, ond clywodd y llys ddydd Gwener bod Ms Stuart wedi marw. Ymddangosodd Mr Cooper, 27 oed o Ddinbych, ar gyswllt fideo o garchar Altcourse yn Ler
Tiny 'identity tags' are essentially tiny imperfections in the building blocks of matter. They could be used as the basis of a robust system for authenticating hardware and software. Researchers built layered metallic structures in the lab and incorporated "design flaws" that were unique to the item.
AAH Pharmaceuticals was broken into during the early hours of Monday morning. A small number of tablets, believed to be linked to the burglary, were later found in nearby Orby Close. Police have advised the public to only use medicine from healthcare professionals.
Stuart Broad took five wickets in 31 balls to help England beat South Africa. It is the seventh time he has taken five in a single spell of bowling. Broad is just one of a number of players who can turn a Test for England. England are a team on the up
Isle of Wight-born Andrews beat her personal best by 83 seconds on Saturday. The 23-year-old now lives and trains in Andorra. She is engaged to Irish road cyclist and Olympic contender Dan Martin.
Islamic cleric Fethullah Gulen is the alleged mastermind of Turkey's failed coup. He advocates a Sufi-based Islam of tolerance that emphasises education and promotes business. Critics say he wields much unelected political influence through followers in Turkey. Mr Gulen fled to America in
Scarlett Keeling was 15 when she was raped and killed in Goa in 2008. Placido Carvalho, 49, and Samson D'Souza, 37 were acquitted in 2016. The men denied charges of culpable homicide, grievous sexual assault, destroying evidence, assault with
Dundee United will be relegated from the Scottish Premiership if they do not win on Monday. The club's last victory was a 2-1 victory over Aberdeen in the League Cup semi-final. United fans are beleaguered as never before, but they're not beyond dark humour.
Brittany Carter, 23, is accused of performing a sex act on the driver. Corey Jackson, 20, allegedly held a knife to his throat. Police said the pair stole $32 (Â£26) from the victim before fleeing.
Craig Church, 29, died after falling down several flights of stairs in eastern China. He had been working as an English language teacher at a primary school in Rui'an. His sister, Carrie Church, said he was a "fun-loving man" "He was amazing and loved
Gregor Smith travelled up and down Scotland's west coast in a friend's boat. He painted Lismore, Mull, Achiltibuie, Caithness, Sutherland and Wester Ross. The collection, Far Shore, is being exhibited at Glasgow's Compass Gallery.
Dougie Fife crossed for the game's only try. Fly-half Lopez kicked France into a three-point lead. Lopez added a third penalty to stretch France's lead to 9-3.
More than 110 Unite drivers in Weymouth and Bridport are set to walk out. Unite said it is angry at a 2.3% pay offer from First Group while Bristol drivers get 13% increase. Operator First Dorset said the action was "totally unnecessary"
Michelin announced it would close Ballymena factory by 2018, with loss of 860 jobs. Invest NI has also said it will work with the company and others to help the staff. The factory has been in operation since 1969 and is a major employer in the area.
Oxfam assesses relative wealth and income of 28 big donor countries and Middle East states. Kuwait, Luxembourg, Denmark, Saudi Arabia and the UK lead the list of those donating sufficient money. UK's £149m is more than one-and-a-half-times what
British winners include Kate Winslet, Sam Smith and Brie Larson. Alejandro G Inarritu wins best director for The Revenant. Sylvester Stallone wins best supporting actor for Rocky Balboa in Creed.
Diego Simeone's Atletico Madrid are through to the Champions League semi-finals. Atletico will face Jose Mourinho's Chelsea in the last four of the competition. Simeone guided Atletico to a league and cup double in 1996 (their most recent La Liga triumph)
Guide dog Joey has notched up 35 flights with owner Jan Gibson and her husband Roger. He mainly flies between London Luton and Paphos in Cyprus. Mrs Gibson, from Swindon, said crew and passengers often fuss over Joey.
Hawaii's attorney general says the new directive is the same as the first. Hawaii has filed a new complaint calling for an emergency block on the new order. The new directive places a 90-day ban on people from six mainly Muslim nations. It also places a 120-day
It is unlikely there would be a second in-out referendum, not least because there is little evidence it would have a different result. Once Article 50 has been triggered, there is a two-year time limit on negotiations for a new relationship between the UK and the EU. If an agreement has
Prof Nigel Piercy and Prof Niall Piercy accused of harassment and bullying. Claims came to light during a staff forum set up by Swansea University. Staff claimed they were publicly humiliated, verbally and physically intimidated. Swansea University says it has robust anti-harassment and anti
Eddie Jones names England squad for autumn series against South Africa, Fiji, Argentina and Australia. Northampton's Luther Burrell, Chris Ashton of Saracens and Wasps' Danny Cipriani are notable omissions. Leicester hooker Tom Youngs is recalled to the
Fast bowler Cotton, 22, has played 17 first-class matches since his debut in 2014. Taylor, 21, was ruled out for the season with a back injury. Derbyshire are bottom of Division Two, having failed to win any of their Championship matches this season.
Mrs Dewani, 28, died after the car she was travelling in with her husband, Shrien, 31, was hijacked in Cape Town. The vigils were held on 13 November in Bristol, London, Cape Town and also Sweden where she was born. South African authorities have applied to have Mr
1916 proclamation is considered one of the most important documents in Irish history. It was part of a sale of over 600 items, many of which were from the 1916 Rising. The seven signatories of the proclamation were executed, along with nine other leaders, after the Rising was quelled.
Dollar Financial UK apologised to those who "suffered difficulties" Follows FCA-led investigations by Wonga and Cash Genie. Firm owns brands including The Money Shop, Payday UK and Ladder Loans. Customers due compensation will be contacted by the company.
Folk singer Mitchell has been undergoing treatment since March. She was found unconscious in her home in Los Angeles. David Crosby said in June that she was not speaking. Her lawyer said she is expected to make a full recovery.
The 20mph limit will be introduced over six phases over the next year. Scheme is designed to improve safety and encourage more people to walk or cycle. About 50% of the city's roads are already 20mph.
More than 560,000 people missed at least one NHS outpatient appointment in 2014/15. NHS Tayside had the highest number followed by NHS Lanarkshire and NHS Greater Glasgow and Clyde. Each missed appointment is thought to cost the NHS Â£120, putting the total cost to
Carolyn McCall was made a Dame in the New Year Honours list this year. Veronique Laury was considered a surprise choice to head the home improvement chain. Liv Garfield was just 38 when she became chief executive of the water firm Severn Trent.
Roads around former prison site were congested on the first day of the event. Chair of Maze/Long Kesh development corporation said work was under way. Terence Brannigan said rural roads were "not designed for that kind of traffic" Up to 80,000 people are expected
1,905 asylum seekers alleged they suffered harm while being held on Manus Island. The government said it "strongly denied" the allegations but that settling was a "prudent" decision. Australia turns away any refugees and asylum seekers arriving by boat and sends them to PNG and Naur
Roger Dodds, now 81, was sentenced to 16 years in prison for abusing male colleagues and students who came to him seeking educational grants. Sheffield City Council was ordered to pay former worker Richard Rowe, who was abused by Dodds in the 1980s, the sum. Dodds worked at
Fawley power station chimney would be tallest attraction south of London's Shard. Power station closed in 2013 after more than 40 years in operation. 300-acre site was sold to Fawley Waterside developers in 2016.
The Scot, 26, stopped Joubert in the sixth round in Glasgow. The 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medallist has previously stated his ambition to fight fellow Scot and WBA super-lightweight champion Ricky Burns. Taylor's promoter, former world champion Barry McGuigan, said: "We
Burnley Empire Theatre defaulted to the care of the Duchy of Lancaster. The venue was recently named the fifth most at risk theatre in the UK. Campaigners who want to restore the building to its former glory said the decision was a blow to their plans.
In Catholicism, abortion is viewed as such a grave sin that it warrants automatic excommunication. In most countries, only a bishop can approve forgiveness for abortion. The change is only for the coming Jubilee Year, beginning in December. Pope Francis has previously denounced abortion as part of a throw
Dinesh and Tarakeshwari Rathod said last year that they had reached Everest summit. But police in Maharashtra state said the couple had "morphed" photos to show a successful ascent. Climber Satyarup Sidhantha said that the photos presented by the
David Silva and Fernandinho put Manchester City 2-0 up at half-time. George Boyd pulls one back for Burnley before Ashley Barnes seals a point for visitors. Manuel Pellegrini's side trail Chelsea by a point at the top of the Premier League.
Firefighters were called to a blaze in Kilmaurs Road at 23:40 on Saturday. The woman, local resident Catherine Kelly, was pronounced dead at the scene. A 41-year-old man was taken to hospital with serious injuries and is in a stable condition. Another woman
Operating income for the year to 2 October was up 16% on the previous year. It made an operating income of almost $4.2bn (Â£3.4bn) in the 12 months ending 2 October. The fastest growth was in the China and Asia Pacific region,
Porsche have won the last four races of the Formula One season. Mark Webber and his two team-mates need a fourth-place finish or better in Bahrain. The Australian is bidding to win the world title for the first time in his 21 years in motorsport. Webber
First Minister says images of Aylan Kurdi have 'touched our hearts' Sturgeon is to convene a migrant crisis summit on Friday with councils and agencies. Scottish Tory leader Ruth Davidson has urged David Cameron to do more to tackle crisis. Immigration Minister James Brokens
Cwm Taf Health Board and Macmillan Cancer Support are seeking planning permission at the Llantrisant site. The charity will pay £5m towards the unit. With eight beds, it would provide inpatient, outpatient and day palliative care for incurable cancer.
Brighton beat Bristol City 4-0 in their Championship clash. Tomer Hemed supplied two goals and scored a third for Chris Hughton's side. Jamie Murphy and Sam Baldock had put the Seagulls 2-0 up early on. Mark Little deflected the fourth
All hospitals were full following a busy bank holiday weekend, says Hywel Dda. High number of patients who needed to be admitted put pressure on impatient beds. Director of operations Joe Teape thanked staff for "working tirelessly"
Libor - or London inter-bank offered rate - is used by banks to set the cost of lending money. New York attorney-general said government bodies and not-for-profit organisations had been defrauded of millions of dollars. The Libor scandal has already cost Barclays $453m
Ryan Totten, 7, and Ian McKinley, 21, were barred from playing rugby in Ireland because of eyesight problems. Irish Rugby Football Union banned players of all ages from wearing eyewear of any kind during play. The IRFU has agreed to register to participate in an ongoing
European Professional Club Rugby announced the decision in Geneva. France will host the 2016 finals, with both being played at the new Grand Stade de Lyon. The Edinburgh finals will also take place over the same weekend. Edinburgh will also provide the venue for the European Challenge Cup the same year
Callum Pritchard-Ellis, James Ballie, Callum Saunders, James Jones, Fraser Murdock and Perry Ng have all been offered senior deals. Three under-16s have also signed first-year scholar contracts. Crewe's under-21s have enjoyed success again this
Sam Simmonds forced over as the clock wound down to deny Sarries. Jack Nowell's try put Chiefs ahead after it was 6-6 at half-time. Chris Wyles' try brought Saracens back. Mike Ellery put Sarries in front on 76 minutes.
NHS Digital confirms it has started asking staff to take quiz to check they are not robots. Google indicates its systems are designed to spot unusual traffic and working as intended. NHS is one of the biggest employers in the world, with more than a million staff.
Real Madrid beat Kashima 4-2 in the Club World Cup final in Yokohama. Karim Benzema put Real ahead in the ninth minute before Gaku Shibasaki equalised. Cristiano Ronaldo levelled from the penalty spot on the hour mark. The Ballon d'
Police have been searching the site in Milton, Cambridgeshire, for five weeks. Mr Mckeague's father Martin said it was "breathtaking" to see how much waste officers have combed through. He has been to the site five times and is staying in a nearby
Labour promised working parents 30 hours free childcare a week for 48 weeks of the year. Economist Gillian Paull said the 'upper limit' could reach £200m if 'nearly all' parents took up the offer. Welsh Government said it is currently analysing the likely costs
The clip shows Corden arriving at the White House for a tour before Mrs Obama gets into his car. The footage was recorded last month in Washington DC and will air on the British star's Late, Late Show. A preview showed the pair dancing to Beyonce's Single Ladies.
Jane Austen's House Museum, in Chawton, Hampshire, is open until May. Visitors can view a letter in which Austen says the novel is "my own darling child" Also featured are illustrations first included in an 1894 edition, dancing slippers and first editions.
Wigan Warriors win 21-14 at home to Warrington Wolves. Warriors have lost the past two Super League deciders at Old Trafford. Ben Flower sent off for Wigan in the first half for an elbow on Declan Patton. Josh Charnley, Lewis Tierney and
India captain Virat Kohli named leading cricketer in the world. Australia's Ellyse Perry named world's leading women's cricket player. Pakistan's Misbah-ul-Haq and Younis Khan complete the list. Northamptonshire batsman Duckett, 22
Crash involved a red Mercedes A180 and a blue Vauxhall Corsa on Wentedge Road, near Kirk Smeaton. Three girls, aged 10, eight and five, and two five-year-old boys were taken to hospital. Women aged 36, 19 and 18 were
Norma Diffley, who ran a boutique in Donaghadee, died in the accident. The 33-year-old man is being questioned on suspicion of dangerous driving.
Forfar Athletic beaten 3-1 by TNS in Scottish League Two clash. Stuart Malcolm and Robbie Parry scored for Welsh champions TNS. Scottish League Two leaders Forfar had won their previous nine league games.
Labour pledges increased free child care, more apprenticeships and an M4 relief road. Plaid Cymru said the programme was 'lacklustre' while Tories said Labour had let Wales down. Most expensive commitments cover 30 hours of free childcare a week for parents of three and four
Michael Sean Carson detained on suspicion of indecency with children and indecent assault. He has worked for clubs including Peterborough United, Cambridge United and Norwich City. Cambridgeshire Police said a man in his 70s remains in custody.
Composer James MacMillan to be knighted for services to music. MND campaigner Gordon Aikman awarded British Empire Medal. Children's author Aileen Paterson is awarded an MBE. John Muir receives MBE for campaigning against knife crime.
73 nursing homes cancelled their registration in the first six months of 2016. Number of nursing homes in England fell from 4,697 to 4,633 and the number of beds fell from 224,674 to 224,026. Department of Health said nurse training places were being increased.
The 35-year-old woman was arrested near Buffalo in October 2014. Police said she was driving erratically and failed several field sobriety tests. A breathalyzer test showed she had a blood-alcohol level more than four times the legal limit. Doctors found high levels of
Scientists believe the gene arose about five or six million years ago, after the human line split off from chimpanzees. The mutation was also present in our evolutionary "cousins" - the Neanderthals and Denisovans. It may have paved the way for the brain's expansion by dramatically
Roberto Soldado becomes Tottenham's third summer signing. The 28-year-old has signed a four-year contract after passing a medical at White Hart Lane. Soldado helped Spain reach the final of the Confederations Cup last month. Spurs have also added winger Nacer Chad
Staff at Northumberland, Tyne and Wear NHS Foundation Trust ordered pizza. They were dismayed when the phrase appeared on the delivery instructions. NTW said staff were 'greatly distressed' and have written to the takeaway.
Most of the funding will be spent in Conwy, Denbighshire, Ceredigion and Pembrokeshire. Natural Resources Minister Alun Davies had already promised £3m to pay for emergency repairs. Councils have been left counting the cost with total bills running into
The winner will be revealed on BBC World Service on 26 May after a public vote. Voting is open now and closes on 11 May at 10:00 BST. Fans can vote online through the BBC website or by SMS. Germany's Nadine Kessler, Spain's Veronica Boquete
Lee Gaskell and Ukuma Ta'ai scored tries for Huddersfield. Josh Drinkwater got Leigh's only try before Leroy Cudjoe completed the win. Leigh need to beat near neighbours Salford next week and hope Widnes fail to beat Warrington.
80,000 people in Croke Park to mark 30 years since release of The Joshua Tree album. Band played classics before playing album in full and in order. Bono likened the gathering to "a big Irish wedding" and lent his support for the Irish bid to host the Rugby World Cup
Wales beat Moldova 4-0 in their opening World Cup qualifier. Sam Vokes, Joe Allen and Gareth Bale scored the goals for Chris Coleman's side. Gareth Bale scored a late penalty to move within four goals of Ian Rush's Welsh record of 28. Wales'
Amber warning has been issued for counties Antrim, Armagh, Down and Londonderry. Flooding reported in County Down, near Helen's Bay and on the A1 near Newry. Motorists advised to use the upper deck of Craigavon Bridge in Derry
The video shows three men and three unveiled women dancing to the song on the streets and rooftops of Tehran. Police chief Hossein Sajedinia said the "vulgar clip" had "hurt public chastity" The young people in the video are students, film-makers
Natalia Wilkanowska, 50, disappeared in 2003 after visiting her ex-husband. Gerald Doherty took his own life on their wedding anniversary in July 2003. Her body was found in December 2015, Luton Crown Court was told. Mr Doherty's brothers, Joseph and
Environmental lawyers ClientEarth called air pollution a 'public health crisis' Ruling called government's plan to tackle air pollution 'woefully inadequate' Group won a separate, Supreme Court ruling against the government in April 2015. London Mayor Sadiq Khan says ruling 'leaves blame at the door
Alsop has been music director of Baltimore Symphony Orchestra since 2007. Principal conductor of Brazil's Sao Paulo Symphony Orchestra. Hailed for her bold attempts to make classical music more inclusive.
Victim was raped by her father for more than 10 years, bearing two children. Father was sentenced to death for his part in the abuse. Victim says she kept her second child to prove her innocence. She says she is still fearful for her children's future.
Flt Lt Andrew Townshend, 49, deactivated autopilot of military passenger jet. Voyager aircraft plummeted 4,400ft (1,341m) over the Black Sea in February 2014. Pilot's camera was pushed into control stick as he moved seat, switching off
IS propaganda has started appearing first via Telegram, often several minutes before being posted to Twitter. The group's claim for an attack on Saudi and Emirati forces at a hotel in the Yemeni city of Aden on Tuesday was posted first on Telegram. IS has not had an official presence on Twitter since July
Haider al-Abadi's programme was pushed through without debate. Under the plan, Mr Abadi will cut spending and eliminate senior posts. Senior political appointments will no longer be based on sectarian or party quotas. The posts of vice-president and deputy PM will be abolished.
Omari Mwanahamisi put Tanzania ahead after only 26 minutes. Christine Nafula pulled a goal back for Kenya. Ethiopia thrashed Uganda 4-1 in the play-off for third place.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning win gold in the women's fours. Glover and Stanning dominated from start to finish, winning 1.2 seconds clear of New Zealand. It was Great Britain's 17th medal of the Games and moved them up to fourth in the table.
Bridge would cost Â£175m to build, making it the world's most expensive footbridge. Lambeth and Westminster councils have both said the bridge can go ahead. But some people aren't happy with the idea, saying it could spoil views.
Hull are 19th in the Premier League after losing 1-0 at Middlesbrough. Tigers signed six players in the last two days of the summer transfer window. Gaston Ramirez scored the only goal of the game in the 92nd minute. Hull have lost eight of
If you have a picture you'd like to share, email us at england@bbc.co.uk, post it on Facebook or tweet it to @BBCEngland. You can also find us on Instagram - use #englandsbigpicture to share an image there. When email
Citizens' Assembly voted 64% to 36% in favour of having no restrictions on abortion. The body was set up by the Oireachtas to advise elected representatives on ethical dilemmas. Its most controversial task was to consider a campaign to repeal the Eighth Amendment. Any change to
Scrum-half allowed to return to the field after being sent for a head injury assessment. EPCR Untoward Incident Review Group said Murray "did not meet the criteria for immediate and permanent removal from the field of play" Sale Sharks were cleared of wrongdoing by the Concussion Management Review Group
Thousands of mainly Shia Muslims demonstrate against corruption and security failures. President Fuad Masum called on protesters to "abide by the law and apply self-restraint" He said violent rallies would distract security forces from preventing terror attacks. Shia Muslim cleric Moqtada Sadr condemned
The 36-year-old has no contact with any of her six children, who are being raised by carers. Two of the children were born in conditions described as "unhygienic and overrun by pets" Court of Protection rules in cases when people are unable to make decisions
Sixty teams submitted plans for restoration of Grade I-listed Clandon Park House in Surrey. The National Trust has announced a shortlist of six teams, as well as the names of those on the jury. Building work is expected to begin by early 2019, the trust said.
Alberto Contador is the overall leader in the Criterium du Dauphine. Team Sky's Chris Froome finished two seconds behind stage winner Jesus Herrada. Froome is 13 seconds off Tinkoff rider Contador heading into Wednesday's third stage.
Regent Superbowl and indoor market in Great Yarmouth town centre gutted by fire.
Arrests are part of a pre-planned operation relating to alleged terrorism offences. Those arrested face extradition to Italy under European Arrest Warrants. The men were part of raids in several European countries connected to a suspected "jihadist network" Six suspects were detained in Italy and three in
King Abdullah II, Jordan's monarch since 1999, has extensive powers. He appoints governments, approves legislation and is able to dissolve parliament. The desert kingdom emerged out of the post-First World War division of the Middle East by Britain and France. Jordan is a key ally of the
Luhansk separatists have banned 10 international humanitarian agencies. Stephen O'Brien said the agencies had been told to leave by Friday. Pro-Russian rebels seized parts of Luhansk and Donetsk regions last year. Almost 8,000 people have been killed since fighting erupted in eastern Ukraine.
ICC changed revenue-sharing model which reduces India's share from global events in the 2015-2023 cycle. The BCCI was outvoted 13-1 in a bid to halt the revised deal. A meeting to select the team will now take place on Monday, 8 May.
Environment Secretary Owen Paterson said he would consider innovative solutions. Lord Rooker, a Labour peer, said too much emphasis had been attached to the look of the countryside. He said new forests would slow flooding by trapping water with their roots. The government is sponsoring a handful of catchment
Santee Sioux tribe had planned to open a lounge selling marijuana on New Year's Eve. Concerns that the stockpile could be confiscated led tribe leaders to incinerate it. The tribe says it wants to show cooperation with federal officials for future negotiations.
Ben Houchen beat Labour's Sue Jeffrey by a little over 2,000 votes. Mr Houchen will have a budget of Â£15m a year as Tees Valley mayor. Labour retains control of Durham County Council despite losing 20 seats.
Natalya Poklonskaya made the claim on a Russian TV channel. She claimed it was a sign that the dead tsar wanted Russia to "prosper and be great again" The Crimean branch of the Russian Orthodox Church said its commission "did not detect traces of holy secretion on
Neil Gorsuch is a so-called originalist, meaning he believes the US Constitution should be followed as the Founding Fathers intended. If confirmed by the Senate, the 49-year-old would restore the court's conservative majority, lost with the death of Justice Antonin Scalia.
Ms Howe is the chief strategy officer of internet security firm RSA. Her family fled Iran shortly before the 1979 revolution and she arrived in the US at 11-years-old. She found her safe space in coding and worked as a casting assistant for Steven Spielberg. It would be decades before
Nottingham Victoria Station used to take passengers to destinations including London, York, Bristol and Oxford. It was demolished in 1967, a year after the final service to London left the station. All that remains now as a reminder of the site's railway past is the clock tower, a tunnel
Shanghai Composite closed down 1.7% to 3,325.08, while Hang Seng closed 1.2% down at 22,370.04. Japan's benchmark Nikkei 225 index ended down 2.1% to 18,683.24 - leading the losses in
Four officers were injured when the Met's Flying Squad swooped on the men. A Taser was discharged several times and the policemen were hurt as the men tried to escape on mopeds. Four men have been arrested and are being held at London police stations.
Schmidt was sent off by the referee for insulting Hoffenheim's Julian Nagelsmann. The 49-year-old has been banned for two games and handed a 15,000 euros (£13,373) fine. Schmidt will be unable to have any contact with the team for half an
Migrant crisis has fuelled a backlash against the political establishment. But discontent also taps into long-standing fears about globalisation and national identity. How is this right-wing backlash reshaping Europe's political landscape? Far-right Freedom Party (FPOe) has shaken up the centrist
Steve Sankey was elected in the East Mainland, South Ronaldsay and Burray ward. He is the first member of a mainstream national party to be elected to Orkney Islands Council. Robbie McGregor won the uncontested Shetland South seat for the SNP.
Collision involved a Yamaha motorcycle, a black Vauxhall Adam and a silver Volkswagen Caravelle. Incident occurred on Great Northern Road near to its junction with Clifton Road at about 12:00. Police Scotland has appealed for witnesses to the crash.
In less than 24 hours, the country's chosen to leave the European Union. As a result, the prime minister has left his job. Some Labour MP s are trying to unseat their leader. Scotland faces another referendum on the other union. Tonight it's not clear who'll be running
The card, dated September 25 1986, dropped through the letterbox of Gethin Davies from Bonymaen. It was sent by someone called Phyl, to a Mrs E Leon, but Mr Davies has no idea who they are. Mr Davies hopes to reunite it with the
The Duke of Rothesay laid a wreath on a new memorial cairn in Cabrach, Moray. He visited the farming community and neighbouring parishes at Rhynie, Lumsden and Dufftown. Charles took part in a short service with local residents, followed
Willie Mason signs for French rugby union side Toulon. The 35-year-old played 290 NRL games during his 15-year career. Mason played six Super League games for Hull KR in 2011.
Pfizer agrees to buy Anacor Pharmaceuticals. Anacor's flagship product is crisaborole, a cream for eczema. Crisaborole is awaiting approval by US regulators.
John Ridsdel, 68, was taken from a tourist resort in September last year. He was kidnapped along with three others by the Abu Sayyaf group in September. The group had threatened to kill a male hostage on April 25 if a ransom was not paid. Mr Rids
Madonna has shared the video for Living for Love, the album's first single. Follows a leak of the star's 13th studio album ahead of its release on 10 March. This is the first music video to be published since the launch of 'Discover' service.
The latest row comes just weeks after the ANC forced an art gallery to remove a painting showing Mr Zuma with his genitals exposed. The president sued the cartoonist after he depicted him in 2008 about to rape a female figure representing justice. Mr Zuma was cleared of raping a family friend in
Cornwall has received £1bn of aid over the past 15 years with more than £400m in the pipeline. Council leader John Pollard said he wanted "investment equal to that provided by the EU programme" Cornwall voted Leave and the Isles of Scilly voted Remain.
The 82-year-old was threatened by two masked men who came to the door of his home. The attackers pushed the pensioner and demanded money, before searching the house. Both men were wearing balaclavas and dressed all in black and made off in direction of Bredish
Scottish Tories have seen double-digit increases in their vote in almost every seat. They've more than doubled their returns in some places where the party was unelectable. It's been a long time since the Tories have had a night like this in Scotland.
World number 127 Figueiredo was struggling at 4-1 down, but then took four frames to leave Ding clinging on. Barry Hawkins, another former Crucible runner-up, whitewashed Welshman David John 6-0. Marco Fu saw off Ireland's Josh Boileau
CPS Inspectorate looked at speed and quality of communication with victims of crime. Inspectors visited six of the 13 CPS areas in England and Wales over three weeks. CPS said its own data showed a "markedly different" picture to the "small sample" used in the report
Top-seed Kerber hit 38 unforced errors as the world number 73 dominated. China's Zheng plays Canadian Eugenie Bouchard next. Third-seed Agnieszka Radwanska and fifth-seed Petra Kvitova also progressed.
18 pilots left RAF Manston in six Swordfish torpedo bombers to try to stop three German battle cruisers in the Channel. All of the planes were shot down and just five men survived. Senior naval officers joined the Channel Dash Association to remember the 825 squadron.
Enceladus is the sixth largest moon of Saturn. It is about 500 kilometres (310 miles) in diameter. The name was decided by the son of the man who first discovered it, astronomer Frederick William Herschel.
The occasion was part of celebrations to mark the Queen's official 90th birthday. It was one of many "patrons lunch" events organised throughout the UK and across the Commonwealth. The street parties were intended to bring people together while raising funds for local charities.
Rees starred in BBC drama series Poldark in the 1970s. She also had a role in Jack the Ripper film Hands Of The Ripper. Rees was married to the late Dynasty actor Christopher Cazenove for more than 20 years. Her funeral will be private
Zoe Gregory, 26, is accused of sending a message claiming an explosive had been left at Ormiston Victory Academy in Costessey, Norfolk. The 16-year-old girl's home was raided and she was questioned over the threat by police.
Marsh failed to score in 16 league games after joining Dover from Torquay. 23-year-old made eight appearances for Dover last season. Macclesfield manager John Askey's 10th signing since end of last term.
Chelsea reigned supreme from day one and clinched the title with room to spare. David De Gea is in that class and it is vital United retain the Spaniard. John Terry and Jose Mourinho were this season's perfect partnership. Matic is the best insurance policy Chelsea have signed in years
Five of the victims were from Ireland, and some of them were students at University College Dublin. UCD President Andrew Deeks expressed condolences to their families saying "we are heartbroken at their suffering and loss"
The ACT is one of two entrance exams available to international and domestic students wanting to go to a US college. The other entrance exam - the SAT - was cancelled in South Korea in 2013 because some of the questions were leaked. This is not the first cheating scandal to hit the tests in East Asia
Jeremy Corbyn said Labour'shouldn't shy away' from public ownership of railways. Tony Blair scrapped long-standing commitment in Labour's constitution in 1995. Clause backing 'common ownership' of'means of production, distribution and exchange' was scrapped. But Mr
Swansea drew 1-1 at West Bromwich Albion on Tuesday night. Francesco Guidolin's side are 16th in the Premier League table. Tony Pulis believes the Swans have enough quality to avoid relegation.
South Wales, Dyfed-Powys and north Wales forces all'required improvement' Gwent Police was the only one ranked 'good' by Her Majesty's Inspectorate of Constabulary. Watchdog examined how effective forces are at protecting the vulnerable from harm.
Paul Smith loses WBO world title for the third time in his professional career. The 34-year-old has now lost seven times in his 45 professional fights. Trainer Joe Gallagher says fight was Smith's 'last roll of the dice' Three judges score fight 119-108,
Broadbent will play Tommy Butler in The Great Train Robbery: A Copper's Tale. He said he was "thrilled" to be asked to portray the copper of the old school. The actor won an Oscar in 2001 for his role in Iris and a Bafta in 2007
Indian consul-general arrested in New York on suspicion of visa fraud and making false statements. She was strip-searched after being accused of underpaying her Indian maid. India has demanded an apology from the US over her alleged "humiliation" State Department: We're not
England have won the Under-20 World Cup for the first time since 1966. Lionel Messi, Luis Figo and Paul Pogba have all been part of winning sides in the tournament. Could this team hold the next generation of English football stars?
Ahmed Mansoor was nominated for the Martin Ennals Award. The jury praised him for regularly raising concerns about arbitrary detention, torture and degrading treatment in the Gulf state. Mr Mansoor could not collect the award in Geneva because of a travel ban.
The Treasury says an extra Â£1.3bn will be spent UK-wide to tackle congestion. The Northern Powerhouse idea is aimed at ending the UK's economic reliance on London. But Labour figures say there is now an added need following the "wake up" call of the
The Australian Open begins on Monday 18 January. Evans is the last Briton in qualifying after James Ward and Naomi Broady were both beaten in a chilly Melbourne. The 25-year-old served four double faults when serving for a straight-set win.
Votes are being cast in Knowsley, Sefton, St Helens and Wirral. In Liverpool, voters will also elect a city mayor. Voters across Merseyside will also be asked to choose a police and crime commissioner.
Jacob McIntyre's body was recovered from the River Ericht at Cally Bridge. He had been reported missing from a nearby Milton of Drimmie area at 11:15. Police Scotland said Jacob's family were "understandably upset at their tragic loss"
More than 73,000 people have backed Yves Jego's petition on Change.org. Move comes after a town in eastern France banned all pork substitutes in school meals. Conservative mayor of Chalon sur Saone had earlier launched his own campaign. His campaign has gained 2,
Mayo keeper Robert Hennelly fumbled a penalty which led to Dublin's penalty. Cillian O'Connor missed a difficult free which would have levelled the scores. Lee Keegan's goal put Mayo ahead midway through the first period. Dublin regrouped to lead 0-10
98 Syrian refugees have arrived in Northern Ireland since the conflict. About 50 arrived in the city in May and the families have settled in. The war in Syria has claimed the lives of more than 250,000 people.
IPC cancels accreditation of official who carried Russian flag at Rio Paralympics. The official violated the International Paralympic Committee's ban on political gestures. Russia are banned from the Games following state-sponsored doping. "A hero has appeared amongst us," says Russian Foreign Ministry
Gary Green reversed his tractor into Harry Whitlam at Swithens Farm, Rothwell, near Leeds. Leeds Crown Court heard he was more than two times the legal driving limit. Harry's mother Pam Whitlam said her close-knit family had been "changed forever" Green was
David Miller served ban from 2004 to 2006 after admitting using blood-boosting agent EPO. Miller won stages in Tour de France, Vuelta a Espana and Giro d'Italia. Scot, who retired in 2014, is regarded as one of sport's leading anti-d
The fire service said a controlled burn was taking place over fears water supplies could be contaminated. It is not known how long it will take to put the fire out in Rugeley, Staffordshire. The Environment Agency said there were fears the water run off could contaminate the local watercourse
Officers searching 18 premises in London and one in Stoke-on-Trent. Mr Choudary is the former UK head of the Islamist group al-Muhajiroun or Islam4UK. The men, aged between 22 and 51, are being held at police stations in central
"Twisted light" technique relies on light's orbital angular momentum. Proponents say it could be used to massively boost data rates in telecommunications. Opponents say the idea is based on a misunderstanding of the physics behind it. Swedish physicist Bo Thide: "This is not
Depression, anxiety and stress can be the overriding feelings they experience. If left untreated, these can develop into serious psychiatric disorders. Psychiatric disorders are the cause of 7% of all maternal deaths. NICE guidelines say women at risk of mental health problems should receive extra support at all stages of
Shantry is the ninth player in five months to sign a new deal with Worcestershire. The 27-year-old still had two years left on his existing deal at New Road. Shantry: "It shows the level of morale at the club, even though we had a
Community energy schemes are often small enterprises run by volunteers. They are designed to generate income for their area. But the way business rates are calculated means hydro schemes are hit hard. Some have seen increases of as much as 900% after a recent revaluation. Welsh Government said it
The FA rejected a claim of wrongful dismissal and excessive punishment. Stephens will miss both legs of the semi-final against Sheffield Wednesday. The 26-year-old was sent off for a foul on Middlesbrough's Gaston Ramirez. Brighton travel to Hillsborough for the first leg
Mr Fillon's bid has been overshadowed by claims, which he denies. Some in his party, The Republicans, feel he should drop out of the race. But a source close to Mr Fillon said that the candidate "will not give up"
69% of those asked said they had worked when unwell, report by Aviva UK Health claims. This compared with 23% who admitted to having been absent when perfectly healthy. Official figures show fewer days were lost to sickness last year than any year on record.
Sheffield City Council said the cladding at Hanover House was not made of the solid aluminium panels ordered. The issue was spotted during fire safety tests carried out in the wake of the Grenfell Tower blaze. Councillor Jayne Dunn said: "We will not stop until we get
Shyam Acharya is accused of stealing a doctor's name and qualifications in India before moving to Australia. He used the credentials to work in local hospitals between 2003 and 2014, New South Wales (NSW) Health said. Mr Acharya was never the individual subject of a complaint.
Israeli officials denied reports that Israel was spying on the US-led nuclear talks. Netanyahu has taken issue with the United States' role in the nuclear negotiations. Obama has denounced his counterpart's pre-election statements rejecting creation of a Palestinian state.
The girl, aged 15 at the time, had met David Ayrton in a Portsmouth garage in 2004. The defendant, now 34 and called Davina, denied the charge at Portsmouth Crown Court. Judge Ian Pearson remanded her into custody and said it was likely she would be held at
Prime Minister David Cameron wants to go further than create new punitive powers. He argues that fighting extremism demands a greater response from society. Public bodies including schools and universities are now under a duty to prevent people being drawn into extremism.
Lord Alderdice was speaking in the House of Lords as peers considered the government's bill. He said Mrs May must remember she is the PM of all parts of the UK. Lord Hain, who was Northern Ireland secretary of state from 2005 until 2007, said: "If we
Universities will be asked to justify how they can pay heads more than PM. Mr Johnson will call for clearer contracts for students on what they can expect. He will promise better "consumer protection" for students. There have been concerns about the rising costs of university in England.
Tyrannosaurus bataar, 7m long (23ft), was bought by an anonymous bidder for Â£630,000 in New York. Sale went ahead despite protests from the Mongolian president. Heritage Auctions say the specimen was imported legally.
Brad Potts misses penalty for Blackpool. Wycombe keeper Dean Blackman saves spot-kick to preserve a point. Blackpool keeper saved a penalty in normal time and one in a shoot-out in January. First chance of the game fell to Adebayo Akinfen
1,820 patients waiting to be seen in May, compared to 916 in 2011. Half had waits of up to four weeks, the other half up to 26 weeks. Charity Mind Cymru said it was "very concerned" by the figures. Welsh Government said more money was
The defibrillators are used to deliver a shock to restart a patient's heart. Callers to the ambulance service are given the code to unlock the cabinet. Users are given automatic spoken instructions on how to use the equipment.
Local Government Association said there was a £12bn backlog in road repairs. The UK government said it was providing "unprecedented levels of investment" In a survey of 25,208 drivers, 39% said their tyres, bodywork or other parts of their vehicles had been affected after hitting
Greater Manchester City Council introduced a 20mph speed limit in 2014. It has led to a reduction in accidents on more than 1,000 roads and 138 schools in the city. But rate of accidents in 20mph zones has not fallen as quickly as initially hoped. Council will now evaluate
The 30-year-old is in his second spell with the Saints having returned after two years with Hibernian. He first moved to Perth on loan from Falkirk in 2007, signing a permanent deal the following year. Craig has scored five goals in 35 appearances this season for Tommy Wright
Welsh Labour vice-chair Mike Payne said Jeremy Corbyn had 'failed to make the impact' allies predicted. He said Welsh Labour leader Carwyn Jones in Wales was trusted more than UK leader. Ms Stevens said Labour could win if it was 'bold and credible and radical enough'
Racing greyhounds are tattooed on their right ears, and it is believed the ear was cut off to destroy identification information. Campaigners are offering a £2,000 reward for information leading to an arrest. Dog was found behind a water tank in the Overton area of Lancaster
Beate Zschaepe, 38, is accused of being part of the National Socialist Underground (NSU) NSU, which killed 10 people, most of them of Turkish origin, denies the murder charges. Critics say the police made serious errors in uncovering the far-right cell.
Univision cancels contract to broadcast Miss USA pageant which is co-owned by Mr Trump. Mr Trump is running for the 2016 Republican presidential nomination. He has accused Univision of stifling his freedom of speech in order to boost Hillary Clinton.
Hiddleston won his first Golden Globe for his role in BBC's adaptation of John le Carre's novel. He told a story about visiting aid workers in South Sudan who had "binge-watched" the show. "I apologise that my nerves got the better of me
Newport Council lent developers £90m in a commercial deal to ensure centre opened on time. Council leader Bob Bright said people had "underestimated Newport" The complex is estimated to create 1,200 jobs within its shops and restaurants.
Raghuram Rajan: "Don't keep asking us to do more because at some point we get into territory where the consequences may be more bad than good" Unlike most global economies, India still has high inflation - running at close to 6%. Interest rates are also high -
It seems odd for political parties to say they are going to clamp down on tax evasion. But it is unlikely that voters will say it is the wrong thing to do. It is very difficult to predict how much you can save by clamping down on avoidance and evasion.
Prime Minister Matteo Renzi has pledged â‚¬50m (Â£42m) in funds for rebuilding. At least 268 people are now known to have died and 400 were injured. Hundreds of aftershocks have hampered the efforts of the 5,000 rescuers.
Memorial service will be held at Lancing College on 22 November. It will be attended by hundreds of emergency workers and community leaders. The Right Rev Dr Martin Warner will open the service with a prayer for the victims. Names of the victims will be read out ahead of a minute's
Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer told PCC Tony Hogg move'sends the wrong signal' He added it could threaten Mr Hogg's impartiality in overseeing the police. Commissioner said he would remain impartial and cost would be repaid in four to five years. Office of the Police and
The package will offer concessional loans at interest rates pegged at 3.2%. Agriculture Minister Barnaby Joyce said some farmers in Queensland had not earned any income for three years because of drought. In the past, the government has provided billions of dollars' worth of drought
The jury rules that neither sheriff's officials nor jailers committed a crime in their treatment of Bland. It has not yet been determined whether the police officer who arrested her should face charges. The 28-year-old African-American was arrested after a confrontation with a policeman who had pulled her
Nolan has become Crewe's fourth signing of the summer. The 28-year-old was a free agent after leaving Blackpool. He played 10 times for the Seasiders last season as they were promoted to League One.
Ding won the last three frames, the decider with a break of 108, to beat Thailand's Thepchaiya Un-Nooh 4-3. Reigning world champion Stuart Bingham defeated Wales' Ryan Day 4-2 to set up a last-four meeting with Joe Perry.
Berg suffered the injury while playing against Nottinghamshire in Barbados. The 35-year-old will be assessed in the next two weeks to decide whether he will need an operation.
Henry McPherson, 61, died after the accident on the A952 near Mintlaw in 2014. Pauline Flynn, 36, denies causing death by careless driving at Peterhead Sheriff Court. She allegedly crossed on to the opposite side of the carriageway while driving along the
Cafodd y penderfyniad i ganiatáu menywod i fod yn esgobion ei wneud yn 2013. Cafod yr Esgob Joanna Penberthy, sy'n 56 oed ac sydd wedi
Barrow owner Paul Casson has stated Cox has a sizeable buy-out clause. The 45-year-old led the Cumbrian side to seventh in the National League this season. Hartlepool's relegation on the final day of the season was their first in 96 years.
Mondelez says it will bring all Cadbury lines under its in-house fair trade scheme Cocoa Life. Critics warn this could confuse consumers. They also fear that shared standards around ethical trade will be lost if more firms drop Fairtrade.
The writer's work tells the story of a Nigerian woman who moves to the US to pursue a college education. In 2008, her second novel, Half of a Yellow Sun, won the UK's Orange Prize and Purple Hibiscus was longlisted for the Booker Prize four years earlier.
Daniel Begg, 21, admitted culpable and reckless behaviour. Begg avoided serious injury in the incident at Pittodrie Stadium. The court refused a Crown motion for a football banning order.
70,000 fans are expected to attend the Super Bowl in Santa Clara, California. Air Force to deploy two of its F-15 Eagle and Cessna 182 aircraft to provide air cover. Drones banned from flying within 32 miles of the stadium on 7 February. Comes as
Fabrice Muamba suffered a cardiac arrest in Bolton Wanderers' FA Cup tie. Physio Andy Mitchell was the first to spot the player had collapsed. Tottenham club doctor Shabaaz Mughal was among those who rushed to Muamba's aid. Consultant Dr Sam Moh
The man was found unconscious at a flat in Caledonia Court on Wednesday. He was treated at the scene and taken to hospital where he was pronounced dead. Police Scotland said there were no apparent suspicious circumstances.
Nico Rosberg was 0.207 seconds quicker than Williams driver Valtteri Bottas. Fernando Alonso set the third best time, albeit 1.7secs slower than Rosberg. Kimi Raikkonen was fourth, 1.8secs off Rosberg but on
Swiss curator Hans Ulrich Obrist tops ArtReview's annual Power 100 list. It is the second time Obrist has topped the list, having done so in 2009. Polish curator Adam Szymczyk was placed second in the list.
Malaysia is a Muslim-majority country which has seen religious conservatism on the rise. Shell said the acts went against local culture and its own values. The adverts feature a 25-year-old female employee, dressed in a red T-shirt, black trousers and a black head
Mae'r System Genedlaethol ar gyoreiddio Ysgolion wedi ei gytuno ar y cyd rhwng ysogolion. "Rydym dal yn credu fod y drefn o gategoreidd
Production of vegetable oils and oil crops have both increased considerably over the past three decades. Trade agreements have made it cheaper and easier to export and import oil, and various government policies have helped to lower the cost of vegetable oil. Oilseeds are now among the most widely traded crops, and
Worcestershire trail Kent by 27 runs with four wickets remaining. On-loan Nottinghamshire all-rounder Will Gidman takes two wickets to reduce visitors to 213-6. Visitors' slim survival hopes rest largely in the hands of overnight not out batsman
State media described the missile emerging with "a fiery, blazing trail" North Korean leader Kim Jong-un was pictured apparently overseeing the launch. South Korea said the North fired three anti-ship cruise missiles into the sea off its east coast. Pyongyang had warned it would fire without warning
Information Commissioner's Office says it has received more than 1,000 complaints this year. Consumer group Which? also believes unsolicited calls have increased since pension freedom. Both organisations have urged people of pension age to be on their guard against fraud attempts.
Robert and Ian Stewart became so-called supergrasses at trial of alleged UVF members. Trial judge said the brothers had lied in part of their evidence. Public Prosecution Service decided not to refer them back to the judge who slashed their jail sentences. Jason Loughlin is
Cosmetic lenses are available to buy on the internet, in novelty stores or at market stalls, close to Hallowe'en. Youngsters buying the lenses may wish to recreate the look of the Twilight films and Vampire Diaries TV show. Trading standards officers and health experts say young people are known
Rafa, 24, came to the UK in May 2015 to 'try his luck' at getting a job at Byron restaurant. He used a false National Insurance card and fake Italian identity card to get the job. On 4 July, he was called to a meeting at the restaurant where he
Cole, 22, has agreed a two-and-a-half year deal at the Silverlake Stadium. Eastleigh have also announced that Tyler Garratt's loan from League Two leaders Doncaster Rovers has been extended until 29 April. The 20-year-old left-back has scored
Top Of The Lake: China Girl will pick up four years on from the ending of the first series. Elisabeth Moss will reprise her role as detective Robin Griffin. New series will be co-directed by Ariel Kleiman and consist of six hour-long episodes.
First Derivatives makes financial analysis software used by investment banks. The profit was achieved on turnover of £152m, up from £117m the previous year. Chairman Seamus Keating said they have made an encouraging start to the current financial year.
Michael Patterson was convicted of three counts of burglary and possession of a Class B drug. The 49-year-old carried out the break-ins in the Levenshulme and Longsight areas of Manchester. His 'consistent method' was to carry out burglaries after entering rear
UK is the Irish Republic's largest trading partner, with one billion euros in weekly trade. Ireland's Public Expenditure and Reform Minister Brendan Howlin said there were serious concerns about the possibility of a UK exit. Economists estimate that a British exit from Europe would cost Ireland anything from 2% to 12
Review is ongoing in England and Wales, but UK government has refused to extend it to Scotland. Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said he was "disappointed" with the UK government's refusal. Allegations that undercover officers had fathered children and caused miscarriages of justice.
Uefa has taken the disciplinary action following some of the Italian club's fans' continued racist behaviour. Lazio supporters have been found guilty of racist behaviour by Uefa four times during the current campaign. The latest incident came during their Europa League last-32 match against Borussia Mon
The FBI wants Apple to unlock the iPhone of Syed Rizwan Farook, who killed 14 people in San Bernardino, California in December. Apple has resisted, calling that demand "dangerous" and "unprecedented" Judge James Orenstein threw out the New York case,
Hundreds of protesters gathered at venue at University of Illinois at Chicago. Fighting broke out between supporters and protesters, who waved flags and chanted. One protester had to be physically removed from the stage by what appeared to be a Secret Service agent. Staff at the university had earlier petitioned administrators to cancel
Webb has not played since suffering a serious foot injury in a World Cup warm-up with Italy in September. The 27-year-old says he is close to a return, giving him time to get fit before the Six Nations in February. Wales begin their Six Nations campaign away to
Girl airlifted to Birmingham Children's Hospital after attack in Stoke-on-Trent. She suffered "extensive dog bite wounds to her face" but not life-threatening. Dog has been taken to specialist kennels, Staffordshire Police said.
Dorian Dervite has signed a new contract with Bolton Wanderers. The 28-year-old made 14 appearances last season to help Wanderers win promotion. Dervite follows David Wheater, Gary Madine and Jem Karacan in signing new deals.
The carriage transported Churchill's coffin from London to Oxfordshire in 1965. Thousands gathered along the route to pay their respects to the former Prime Minister. The carriage was built in 1931 and was used during World War Two on evacuation trains. It will now move to the National Railway Museum in York
Spencer Tunick photographed 3,200 people at locations around Hull. Sea of Hull is said to be the largest nude installation in the UK. The photos will be displayed alongside major works by Lucien Freud and Ron Mueck.
24 clear recordings on wax cylinders were made using a phonograph machine between 1902 and 1917. Many of the recordings were made at family gatherings over Christmas and New Year. Cromwell Wall wheeled the phonograph along the streets in his children's pram in order to record the sound of
UKIP said journalist Camilla Long broke a law that bans false statements about candidates. BBC said Have I Got News for You often made jokes at the expense of politicians. Kent Police said it would not take action, saying there was no evidence of offences.
Engineers in Italy have created a robotic arm that can bend, stretch and switch between flexible and rigid states. Movement is driven by inflatable compartments and its stiffness by a central tube containing a specially selected granular medium: coffee. When suction is applied, the granules "jam
The Flying Scotsman returned to the North Yorkshire Moors line after a £4.2m refit. First of six daily services from Grosmont to Pickering started at 09:30 GMT. A total of 8,500 tickets were purchased for the sold-out locomotive service
Eight people started fighting at the Palace Theatre in Manchester. Georgina Lynn Sixsmith, 48, has been charged with being drunk and disorderly and assault on a constable. Trouble began in the orchestra stalls during Tuesday's performance.
Radio Pembrokeshire, Carmarthenshire and Ceredigion to be moved to St Hilary. Company said details of its operations were "confidential" Two "long-serving presenters" will continue to provide local programming.
Argentina claims sovereignty of the islands, which it calls the Malvinas. Drilling for oil in the territorial waters around the Falklands began in 2010 despite opposition from Buenos Aires. Three of the companies are British-based, one is American-based and one is French-owned
Famous Cold War nuclear warplane crossed Woodford Aerodrome near Stockport. It will be grounded later this month after engineering backers withdrew support.
Short-term risks in the gas market of having to pay more for imports and security of supply are minimal, report says. The £500m is actually made up of technical factors involving the electricity market, specifically if the UK fails to negotiate continued membership of the Internal Energy Market (IEM)
The app can identify up to 70,000 public figures by looking at images, video or an actual person. The BBC's Rory Cellan-Jones raised privacy concerns with the company's co-founder Omar Tayeb.
Matsuyama shot a final round 66 to finish seven clear of Henrik Stenson and Daniel Berger. His 29 birdies at Sheshan International was three short of the PGA Tour record. The win will lift Matsuyama to a career-high sixth in the world rankings
Coastguard received reports of kayaker in difficulty off the coast of County Down. Two RNLI boats and a coastguard helicopter were launched to assist in the search. The alarm was declared to be a hoax following a thorough search.
Facebook's Messenger app is being transformed into a fully-fledged "platform" of its own. More than 40 new add-on apps have already been developed so far. Mark Zuckerberg: More than 600 million people already use Messenger at least once a month.
India has overtaken China to take the top spot in the tables of international economic good health. Now Britain is the eager suitor proffering bouquets on bended knee; India the slightly aloof object of desire. 110,000 people are employed by Indian companies operating in the
Pentagon announces deployment of special forces to Iraq and Syria. Special forces will help local forces and conduct raids, free hostages and capture IS leaders. US special forces have already carried out operations in both countries.
Egyptian military has vowed to investigate how pro-democracy and human rights organisations are funded. At least 17 groups receiving foreign funding were targeted, according to activists and Egyptian state media. The US state department said it was "very concerned" and urged authorities to stop the "harassment" of
Forensic entomologists determine the time of death of a corpse. Amoret Whitaker is one of just three in the UK who regularly works with the police. She and her colleagues work at the Natural History Museum in London. They breed different species of fly in a bid to help the
RNLI crew with a medic and the coastguard search and rescue helicopter were sent to Sker Beach, near Kenfig Nature Reserve. The rider had head injuries and was very cold from lying unconscious on wet sand. She was treated before being flown to Cardiff's University Hospital of Wales.
Girl band due to play a matinee and evening show at the SSE Arena on Thursday. Cancellation was announced just minutes after the doors opened for the afternoon performance. Fans were later informed by text message that the show would not be going ahead.
Centre will tell the story of the battle over Kent and Sussex in 1940. It is being built at the end of an existing memorial, which is shaped like a propeller. Work began in September, with Wing Cdr Bob Foster, 93, using a digger to break the ground.
Warrington remain fifth in the Super League table. Widnes are three points clear of Hull KR, in ninth, who have a game in hand. Owens, Rhys Hanbury and Paddy Flynn all crossed before half-time.
Smartphones and high-speed internet has opened up a wealth of new sightseeing options. New tech has allowed people to identify market niches and target tourists looking for something different. Cape Innovation and Technology Initiative (CiTi) has launched a dedicated hub in Cape Town to support local
23-year-old has penned a two-and-a-half-year deal with the Spireites. Former Ivory Coast Under-20 international made 82 league appearances for Chesterfield, scoring 10 times. First-team coach Kevin Nugent has left the O's.
Decline was the Nasdaq's biggest one-day fall since April 10 last year. Shares in Kraft Foods, which is listed on Nasdaq, soared more than 35% after the company agreed to merge with Heinz. Dow Jones lost 292 points, or 1.6%, to 17
Hundreds of Sri Lankan women are detained in Saudi Arabia after fleeing abusive employers. They say they were forced to flee to escape physical, sexual or psychological abuse. Human Rights Watch has called for better protection for domestic workers in the Middle East. HRW has urged Saudi Arabia to "pro
6-3 ruling upholds Affordable Care Act (ACA) subsidies for low-income Americans. President Obama: "We're not going to do is unravel what has now been woven into the fabric of America" Republicans vow to continue fighting the law, which Mr Obama considers a major part of
Samuel Tweed, 74, escaped from custody at Belfast Magistrates' Court in 1974. He had been arrested in connection with the discovery of a weapons cache in the city. Tweed was 32 when he escaped after a group of men entered the courtroom and claimed there was a bomb in the
Pope Shenouda died at the age of 88 after reportedly suffering from cancer. Thousands queued to see his body placed in a coffin before he was seated on a ceremonial throne. Coptic Christians make up 10% of Egypt's population of 80 million, Middle East's largest Christian minority.
Police were called to Wingfield Road, Alfreton, at about 03:55 BST on Monday. Detectives said the man had suffered head injuries and has not yet been identified. The road was closed in both directions and police have appealed for witnesses.
Jeremy Corner's team's priority must be, get through the week without mishap. Party conferences are strange, intense, microclimates where the what is said on the stage can be subsumed by our old friends. Sometimes those are the moments that shift opinion, or express a
Wales face England in their first major tournament appearance in 58 years. Coleman says it is difficult to predict how Rashford will perform at Euro 2016. Wales have lost friendlies against the Netherlands and Ukraine and drawn with Northern Ireland since their last qualification victory.
Culture Secretary Maria Miller says review of civil partnerships could take place'swiftly' Critics had tabled a proposal to let heterosexual couples enter into civil partnerships. This was defeated by 375 votes to 70 after a five-hour Commons debate. Instead, MPs backed a Labour plan to
The building at Cathays Park was evacuated after a blaze broke out in a fume cupboard. The main building will remain shut on Tuesday with access to most areas reopened on Wednesday. Two chemistry labs on the first floor and the restaurant will be shut until further notice.
Ricardo Santos scored a quickfire brace to put the Bees in control at Brisbane Road. Curtis Weston sealed the points in added time after Paul McCallum had halved the deficit. McCallum gave the O's a lifeline when he powerfully headed in a Callum
New Psychoactive Substances (NPS) are now the choice drug of many Wrexham drug users. They are much cheaper than heroin and can be bought for as little as Â£5. Despite their price, they are frighteningly strong - often more powerful than heroin.
Opposition says vote on the islands was cancelled because it won. Previous elections have turned violent on semi-autonomous Zanzibar. More votes had been cast in some areas than the registered number of voters.
Department for International Trade report shows 5,443 new posts created in 2015-16. Almost 7,000 jobs were created or safeguarded by foreign direct investment. Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said Wales had a "tremendous platform" to build on.
UN panel will try to determine if Syrian government was responsible for chemical attack. The attack on Khan Sheikhoun in Idlib province was the most deadly in Syria in more than three years. It prompted a retaliatory US missile strike against a Syrian air base. Syrian President Bashar al-Assad has
Ansar al-Sharia demanded the release of Islamist fighters in exchange for soldiers' safe return. The announcement came only days after a series of attacks in southern Yemen left more than 100 people dead. It had previously warned that it was going to launch attacks dubbed the "Flooding
Ian Domingo had been in London for a ceremony to mark 100th anniversary of Gallipoli. His suitbag, containing badges commemorating service, was taken from Virgin train. Elaine Higgins, from Barrow-in-Furness, had picked up his bag by accident.
Weir won four gold medals at the London Paralympics. He announced his retirement from track racing after an unsuccessful Paralympic Games in Rio last year. The 37-year-old wheelchair racer said April's London Marathon would be his final road race.
College says it has been operating with a "staff surplus" for several years. UCU said it had "seen it coming to some extent" but was "shocked" at the scale of it. The college said it would be offering voluntary redundancies to reduce the need for compulsory redund
Investigation concerns the CCEEA A2 business studies paper which candidates sat on the afternoon of Monday 12 June. CCEA chief executive Justin Edwards confirmed they were "aware of an allegation of malpractice" Small number of pupils from two Belfast grammar schools are involved.
Ed Sheeran played on the iArena and Other Voices stages at Glastonbury. His low-key appearances came a week after he played three sold-out solo shows at Wembley. Noel Gallagher's High Flying Birds will close the festival's 10th anniversary event on Sunday.
Sierra Leone was declared free of Ebola virus last weekend. The virus killed almost 4,000 people in the country over the past 18 months. Ebola survivor tells the BBC's Richard Hamilton about his experiences in the civil war and his Ebola work. "I see my life as
The 65-year-old said he was going to "miss it dreadfully" but there always comes a point when things must end. He is one of several high-profile MPs who are standing down, including George Osborne and Alan Johnson. Sir Eric was responsible for the Localism Act
Maxwell Cornet and Sergi Darder put PSG 2-0 up at the Parc des Princes. Lucas Moura and Rachid Ghezzal scored consolation goals for the French champions. PSG remain 23 points clear at the top of the Ligue
The 29-year-old joined the Serie A champions from Bari in 2010. The Italy player had reportedly been linked to a reunion with ex-Juve manager Antonio Conte at Chelsea. In that time he has won five consecutive league titles, two Italian cups and reached the Champions League final
Microsoft has just launched its first wearable health gadget, the Band. By 2017 more than 1.5 billion people around the world will be using these apps. The EU alone it is estimated that these apps and gadgets could reduce health costs by Â£77.5bn. Can big data really
The miracle involved the healing of a Brazilian man with several brain tumours in 2008. Mother Teresa died in 1997 and was beatified - the first step towards sainthood - in 2003. She won the Nobel Peace Prize for her work with the poor in the slums of Kolkata
Nairn Coastguard rescue team made the find at Duck Island on Sunday. Bomb squad experts were called in and carried out a controlled explosion. The beach is understood to have been used for D-day landing training.
Industry magazine What Car? says prices of VW models have not collapsed as might have been expected. Volkswagen cars which are three years old, or have done 36,000 miles, are typically worth 42.21% of their original value. That is 2.7% lower than in September
Mark Zuckerberg said he did not believe authorities should have backdoors to bypass encryption protection. Lawyer representing some of the gunman's victims has backed the federal bureau. Fourteen people were killed and 22 injured when gunman Syed Rizwan Farook and his wife Tashfeen Malik opened
Search efforts hampered by bad weather for second day in a row. Nine bodies have been recovered from the Java Sea off Borneo. Airbus A320-200 came down en route from Indonesia to Singapore with 162 people on board. No survivors have been found and the cause of the
Beauly will be the only representatives of the lower leagues in the semi-final draw at BBC Scotland's Pacific Quay on Monday 11 July. This follows a heroic 1-1 draw away to in-form Kinlochshiel in which Beauly held a lead for more than half the game
Third person has been arrested in the raid in Verviers. Four Kalashnikovs, bomb-making equipment and police clothing found, local media say. Anti-terror raids also take place in Brussels and surrounding towns. Belgian officials say more than 300 people have left Belgium to
£200 monocular has a built-in laser illuminator to improve viewing in the dark. Stafford Borough Council says it is more difficult to catch irresponsible dog owners in winter. Previous schemes have involved people ringing a phone line to highlight worst-hit areas.
Sam Boulter, 62, said he originally thought someone had broken into the premises. The floor was covered in beer and glasses and bottles smashed, he said. He then saw a squirrel "staggering around" after coming out from behind a box of crisps. Mr B
Surveillance watchdog said two un-named UK forces undertook such activities last month. The regulator has not identified the forces but it has been claimed that Police Scotland is one of them. Scottish Labour will lay a motion at Holyrood calling for "full transparency" on the issue.
Desmond Ricks was convicted of gunning down a friend outside a restaurant in Detroit in 1992. His lawyers say homicide detectives switched bullets in his mother's gun to pin a shooting on him. On Thursday, Wayne County prosecutor's office said Mr Ricks would not face a second trial.
More than half of firms visited did not have correct waste collection contracts in place. Some businesses were using communal bins meant for residents' waste to dispose of their waste. Leading councillor accused businesses of 'abusing the system' and littering. Five businesses were handed a Â£
Ian Brown, 44, and Daniel Dunkley, 35, died following incidents in their cells. Relatives claim Woodhill's governor has not complied fully with Prison Service Instructions. But governor and Secretary of State say judicial review claim is 'neither appropriate or necessary'
There has been speculation in the media in recent years that the team could be axed. In 2014, The Express reported the Queen was said to be worried about the team's future. Politicians, including Labour's Vernon Coaker, have also previously said there can be no guarantees.
Lord Rix says his illness has left him "like a beached whale" and in constant discomfort. He is receiving 24-hour care in a retirement home and has not been given an estimate of how long he will live. The crossbench peer voted against an Assisted Dying Bill in
Johnson's existing contract was due to expire this summer. The 32-year-old joined the Potters from Liverpool in 2015 and has made 50 appearances. Manager Mark Hughes said it would be "foolish" to let a player of Johnson's ability leave.
Ligue de Football Professionnel has announced an investigation into Balotelli's allegations. The 26-year-old striker protested at his treatment in a social media post. Bastia released a statement on Saturday expressing surprise at the allegations.
84% of those who voted in the ballot backed walkouts. Destinations on the line include London, Aberdeen, Inverness and Hull. Virgin Trains responded to the result by saying it would run a full timetable.
Tommy Elphick has had surgery on his ankle and could face 10 weeks out. Elphick was ever-present in the league last season as he captained the Cherries to the Championship title. Callum Wilson has had an operation after he ruptured the anterior cruciate ligament
Top Gear presenter Chris Evans has announced he is stepping down from the show. Nigel Farage stepped down as UKIP leader on Monday morning. Twitter users took to social media to suggest candidates for his replacement. Boris Johnson, Matt Le Blanc, Jon Snow and Jeremy Clarkson all thrown into the
Winter mortality was especially high for bees in Belgium (33.6%) and the UK (29%) in 2012-13. But in spring-summer 2013 France was highest with 13.6%. Bumblebees and other wild bees were not studied, nor were pesticide impacts.
North Korea had requested the body, but has not confirmed its identity. It was released as part of a deal under which nine Malaysians previously prevented from leaving North Korea have now arrived home. North Korea is widely suspected of having orchestrated the killing with a nerve agent in Kuala Lumpur's airport.
The UN did not explain why the project with Wonder Woman would end on Friday. A petition against the selection gathered nearly 45,000 signatures. DC Entertainment, which publishes DC Comics, said it was pleased with the exposure Wonder Woman had brought to the cause.
The owner managed to escape the vessel and rowed himself ashore. He was later transferred to Glasgow for treatment. The lifeboat crew towed the yacht back to Oban to be safely berthed.
Shafiq Mohammed was accused of verbally abusing a woman and three men. He was also found to have resisted arrest at a demonstration in Monkton, South Ayrshire. The 50-year-old former Scottish Refugee Council worker was said to have shouted that the group were "nothing but
Boy taken to Glasgow hospital after being struck in the town of Coatbridge. Emergency crews called to scene on Bank Street near Langloan Primary School. The boy's condition is believed to be serious and he is in a serious condition.
Mayor Joe Anderson has called for an extra Â£4.50 contribution to be made per person. Green activist Simon O'Brien has made 31 recommendations in interim report. Warns that Liverpool is 'heading to a brick wall' when it comes to maintaining open spaces.
Radio Biafra mainly broadcasts to the Igbo-speaking south-east of the country. Station hosts phone-in programmes with listeners discussing issues affecting their region. Radio station also attacks and ridicules President Muhammadu Buhari and other government officials.
Jimmy Carlson, 64, from Islington, north London, has been appointed OBE. The former alcoholic became homeless after he was discharged from the Army. Mr Carlson served with the Royal Pioneer Corps (RPC) for five years.
Device was able to track and damage a free-flying drone. Can be collapsed into four parts light enough to carry.
The 18-year-old was found in Caldy Walk, Islington, shortly after 18:00 BST on Wednesday. Post-mortem gave the cause of death as a stab wound to the chest, shock and haemorrhage. Two boys have been arrested on suspicion of murder
The Crues will retain the Gibson Cup if they beat the Lurgan Blues on Saturday. Second-placed Linfield now trail the champions by eight points. Glenavon will hope to bounce back from last week's reverse at the hands of Cliftonville.
Ex-Scotland international says several of his old team-mates are affected. He believes it is as the result of heading heavy footballs in the 1950s and '60s. Former Liverpool team-mate Geoff Strong died aged 75 from Alzheimer's in 2013. Three members of England's 1966
Football, Rugby Union, Rugby League, Cricket, Tennis, Basketball, Ice Hockey and more. Football Rugby Union Rugby League Rugby League Cricket Cricket Tennis Tennis Basketball Basketball Athletics Speedway Ice Hockey.
Painting commissioned by Royal Northern Sinfonia to challenge Mozart's "chocolate box" portrayal. American artist Tim O'Brien painted portrait of the composer for the orchestra's new season. Only 14 images of Mozart are known to have been created during his lifetime.
'Boris bikes' were launched in London in 2010, with bikes being hired from any docking station. The scheme has since been rolled out to a number of cities across the country. A previous pilot scheme, which saw 70 bikes installed at 10 locations, ended in 2011.
Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane both hit centuries as India posted 622-9 declared in their first innings. Sri Lanka were never in the game once they were bowled out for 183 in reply. Ravindra Jadeja picked up the man-of
PGA Tour could not find sponsors for the 2017 World Golf Championship in Miami. Cadillac has reportedly not renewed its sponsorship deal with the PGA Tour. PGA Tour commissioner Timothy Finchem said Mr Trump's profile made it "difficult" to attract sponsors. The P
SNP has been trying to introduce minimum pricing for alcohol since 2009. Wants to set the price of a unit of alcohol at 50p - meaning strong ciders would double in off-licences. Supporters say move is necessary to tackle Scotland's binge drinking culture. Five wine-
Rick Parfitt died in hospital in Spain, from a severe infection. He had suffered a series of health problems including a quadruple heart bypass. His partnership with Francis Rossi spanned five decades with Status Quo.
IPT will increase from 6% to 9.5% from Sunday. Motorists renewing a comprehensive policy - or taking out a new one - will face an average rise of £13. Building and contents policies will go up by an average of £10.
Tammy Abraham scores his 10th league goal of the season for Bristol City against Fulham. Queens Park Rangers are yet to score from open play in the Championship this season. All 11 of the west London side's goals have come from set-pieces. Luton's Danny H
The Betfred Cup gets into full swing on Saturday with 15 more games. Ayr United beat Kilmarnock 1-0 in the opening game of the competition. Hibs have lost to two English National League sides in pre-season, while Hibs' games included a draw
Proposal is made in the Scottish government's Higher Education Governance Bill. Universities are fiercely protective of their independence from the state. Prof Sir Timothy O'Shea said amendments could prove damaging to his university. Scottish government said it would continue to listen to all views.
Neil Warnock says he will give Peter Whittingham time to consider new deal. The 32-year-old's current contract is due to expire this summer. Warnock has made it clear Wales international Emyr Huws and fellow midfielder Stuart O'Keefe are not in his
Ensco's jack up rig to arrive at Beatrice oil field in Scotland over the weekend. The rig will be used in the plugging and abandoning of wells and a clean-up of Beatrice's platform complex. Full decommissioning of the field's facilities could take place between
The defending champion beat Xiao Guodong 13-6 in the second round. He will face either Marco Fu or Neil Robertson in the quarter-finals. The 33-year-old is aiming for a third world title.
Penelope Fillon is alleged to have earned €500,000 ($534,000; £428,000) as her husband's parliamentary assistant. Le Canard Enchaine newspaper has questioned how much work she did for the money. Both the centre-right candidate and his Welsh
Argyle claim one of their ball boys was'shoved to the ground' in the 86th minute. The incident was not seen by the match officials, but was caught on video. Kelly has until 18:00 GMT on Friday, 17 February to respond to the charge.
Adam Lockwood's Guiseley are currently five points from safety. The 21-year-old had been at Hednesford Town on loan this season.
The 8ft guitar statue has been erected in East Park, where he worked as an attendant. Ronson led Bowie's backing band, Spiders From Mars, and died in 1993, aged 46, after developing liver cancer. His sister Maggie Ronson said: "He absolutely loved his gardening
Northumbria Police found the stolen phones at a house in Whitley Bay hours later. A 25-year-old woman has been arrested on suspicion of theft. The device was stolen during the band's concert at Sunderland's Stadium of Light.
Incident happened at the Gipsy Lane level crossing near Ipswich at about 14:00 BST. The woman was struck by the Liverpool Street to Norwich service. Paramedics from the East of England Ambulance Service were called to the scene.
Entertainer said nerves had impacted his performances on Strictly. The 53-year-old said he struggled to walk down the stairs before the live show. Mr O'Donnell became the third celebrity to leave the competition at the weekend. He and Kristina Rihanoff faced
There are eight contenders in the race to become the next 'psychic' octopus for the Women's World Cup. One of the those in the running is Lola from France, who lives at the Sea Life Centre in Munich. Paul captured global attention after he successfully predicted the results of
Colwyn Bay were relegated from the Conference North at the end of the 2014-15 season. Lynch replaced Ashley Hoskin as manager in October 2015. The Seagulls are nine points from safety with eight games remaining.
Lorna Clarke, from Oxford, took the the women's title. It's the second time she has entered the games. 190 competitors from countries including Russia, the USA and Japan took part.
Sofa was seen perched in the boot of a Toyota Celica on the A140 in Long Stratton, Norfolk. Police found it was tied in by a loose, thin, suitcase-like strap, that was "only partially holding the sofa" Driver was given a traffic offence report
Unmanned combat aircraft could be the future of combat aircraft. NEUROn is a full-scale fighter aircraft capable of flying long distances at high speed. It is being developed by a consortium of six nations, including France's Dassault Aviation. Chief executive Eric Trappier
CNN's Mohamed Madi goes to Soho's Greek Street to find out what's going on. Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter.
UN ambassador Nikki Haley criticises Human Rights Council's 'anti-Israel bias' She says it is 'hard to accept' that it has passed 70 resolutions against Israel but not on Venezuela. Haley: 'No country who is a human rights violator should be allowed a seat at the
Church says it has a'moral responsibility' to act on environmental issues to protect the poor. Church manages three investment funds worth about £8bn. Will sell investments worth £12m in firms where more than 10% of revenue comes from extracting thermal coal or producing oil from tar sands.
Swansea have lost their last three games in all competitions. The Swans are currently a point above the relegation zone. Boss Francesco Guidolin is under increasing pressure after a run of poor results. Guidolin says he is 'worried for the table, not my
Olympiakos lead the Greek Super League by 20 points, having won 24 of 26 games. United registered only one shot on target, falling behind to Alejandro Dominguez's goal. Arsenal loanee Joel Campbell's precise shot doubled the visitors' lead. Robin van Persie bl
United Jihad Council - a coalition of militant groups fighting Indian rule in Kashmir - has claimed responsibility. The attack on the Pathankot base near the Pakistani border is seen as an attempt to derail recent peace moves by Pakistan and India. Five militants and seven Indian soldiers have so far been killed during four days
Woman, named only as Uzma, was escorted across the Wagah border by Indian officials. She has accused her husband, Tahir Ali, of torturing her. He denies the allegations. Incident comes amid increasing tension between India and Pakistan.
Danny Alexander, Charles Kennedy and John Thurso all lose seats to the SNP. Turnout for the constituencies involved exceeded 70% with 54% of the votes. Mr Kennedy lost Ross, Skye and Lochaber to Ian Blackford of the Scottish National Party. Lord Thurso lost C
Andry Rajoelina ousted Marc Ravalomanana from power in a coup in 2009. The US embassy in Antananarivo urged the MPs to put the stability of the country first.
Cook's 263 is the third-longest innings by time in Test history, and the longest by an Englishman. Joe Root made 85 and Ben Stokes hit 57 as Pakistan's bowlers toiled. Cook eventually fell to off-spinner Shoaib Malik when he was caught
Glasgow's three further education colleges join national pay bargaining system. Follows decision by EIS union at other colleges across Scotland to strike over pay. Lecturers may now be balloted to decide if they join future action in wider pay dispute.
Unmanned British Reaper drone dropped a missile on a group of so-called IS fighters in Syria that killed two British citizens. One, the target, Reyaad Khan, was according to David Cameron involved in plotting a barbaric attack on British soil. "There was a terrorist directing murder on our
Inflatable structure is taller than Great Wall of China and can be used by 100 people. It will appear at Common People festival in Southampton on Saturday and Sunday. There is currently no record for the world's biggest bouncy castle.
The firearm was found in a bin at Vere Foster Walk in north Belfast. It is understood that it is not linked to the police investigation into a shooting at a petrol station. The suspected firearm has been taken away for examination.
Yuyun went missing on 2 April on her way back from school. Her body was found in undergrowth two days later by villagers. The maximum penalty would have been 15 years each, but the judge said he took into account the boys' youth.
One police officer and 42 suspects were killed in the raid on a ranch in Tanhuato in May last year. Officers said they had returned fire in self-defence but the high death toll aroused suspicions. Earlier this month Mexico's National Human Rights Commission accused police of tampering with evidence.
Six-digit codes used to identify travellers are easy to guess. Systems have no way to check who is querying the system for flight details. Flaws can be exploited because the codes use a restricted character set.
Survey of 32,000 officers found 94% said they believed morale in the service was low or very low. 59% of police officers said their own personal morale was low, compared with 28% of people in the armed forces. Acpo said 15% of officers are planning to leave
Lama Tasi and Niall Evalds scored tries for Salford. Jamie Peacock and Ash Handley crossed for Leeds. Zak Hardaker's try on the hour sealed the Rhinos' win.
Oxfordshire County Council has agreed to continue the policy when centre reopens. Number of pedestrians using road will increase by 145% from 4,000 per hour to 9,800 per hour. The closure has also been blamed for increasing pressure on other city centre roads.
ECB said that "safety and security of players was always paramount" England are scheduled to play three one-day internationals and two Tests in Bangladesh. They will play all their fixtures in Dhaka or Chittagong during their month-long visit.
Ged Fitzgerald and Geoff Driver were among four men held on Monday. Liverpool mayor Joe Anderson said Mr Fitzgerald had not been suspended or faced any disciplinary process. He added Mr Fitzgerald would also be relinquishing his role as interim head of paid service. Lancashire Constabulary said arrests
Prime Minister will meet Spanish counterpart Mariano Rajoy in Madrid on Monday. He will then travel to Paris for a working dinner with French President Francois Hollande. Cameron says EU needs to change to allow UK not to be bound by all its decisions.
Torquay Gulls beat Solihull Moors for first win in nine. Gulls boss Chris Nicholson unhappy with his side's attitude after the game. "Too many of the team looked like they'd made it," says Nicholson.
It will be the first time the so-called corpse flower has ever blossomed in Scotland. Titan Arum gets its name from the stench of decaying flesh it produces. Full bloom could take at least a week, and may only last for 48 hours.
Tyson Fury and WBA, IBF and WBOB heavyweight titles will be on the line in Manchester. Fury upset Klitschko in Dusseldorf last November to secure the titles but was charged by the UK Anti-Doping Agency. The 28-year-
Bodies of Lukasz Slaboszewski, Kevin Lee and John Chapman were found in March and April. Joanna Dennehy, 31, of Bifield, Orton Goldhay, Peterborough, pleaded guilty at Old Bailey. Dennehy admitted killing Mr Sl
Drone specialist Tekever adapts existing EEG technology to give instructions to the software used to give the unmanned drone instructions. "Pilots" taught to think about moving a small circle on a computer screen either up or down, which in turn steers the drone left or right.
RWE NPower closed the coal-fired facility in March 2013 after 43 years of service. Coleman & Company had been working at the site for two years before the collapse. The company lost its contract in October, which it agreed was in the "best interests of all parties"
Unofficial tallies show PDI-P secured about 19% of the vote. But it is not clear if it will meet the 25% voting threshold to enter Jakarta Governor Joko Widodo in the 9 July presidential election by itself. Some 19,000 seats were contested across Indonesia in Wednesday
SABMiller said it had agreed "in principle" a £44-a-share offer, after four previous attempts from AB InBev. If the deal, worth about £70bn, goes ahead, the newly-created firm will make about 30% of the world's beer. AB
Transforming British Tennis Together initiative aims to make the sport more accessible. Only 7% of Britain's 23,000 courts have covers and one in seven park courts have floodlights. Clubs and communities can register their interest in bidding for the funding here.
The South West will get £19.1m of the £60m annual fund for affordable housing. The South East - outside London - will receive the second highest amount, £11,336,157. In all, 150 councils will share the money over five years, to be distributed
Brains v Artificial Intelligence matches are being held over 20 days at Rivers Casino in Pittsburgh. The goal is to see if a computer can beat four of the best players in the variant of poker known as no-limit heads-up Texas hold 'em. In a similar tournament in 2015,
Virgilio Correia, 35, will serve at least 16 years in prison for the murder of Wing Fu Cheung. Christopher Menaul, 27, from Barra Street in Antrim, sentenced to at least nine years. Judge said the murder had been carried out by "drug
Government forces retook al-Assad hospital after several hours of fierce fighting. Activists say about 35 pro-government fighters were killed and some medical staff taken hostage. IS controls more than of half of Deir al-Zour and is seeking to capture the entire city.
Pham Minh Hoang, 56, admitted having joined an opposition group. He said his writings were not aimed at overthrowing anyone. Human rights activists say dozens of government critics in Vietnam have been given long jail terms in recent years.
Lawro picked his two teams to go through from each group before the tournament. He is backing Argentina to win the World Cup and lift the trophy at the Maracana on 13 July. Lawro believes England will reach the quarter-finals.
Combined takings from streaming, downloads, physical sales and licensing rose 5.1% to £926m. Streaming revenues jumped more than 60% in 2016, and accounted for close to a third of label revenues. The BPI said streaming would overtake revenues from physical sales in 2017.
Lawsuits claim Uber did not carry out enough background checks on drivers. Firm says it will rename'safe ride fee' to 'booking fee' Settlement applies to journeys booked in the US between 1 January 2013 and 1 January 2016.
Three-year-old male lion escaped from Karoo National Park near Johannesburg. It is believed to have left the park through a hole under the fence. A tourist was killed last week by a lion at a game park near the town of Beaufort West. The lion jumped through a
The floor stone will be unveiled on 2 December 2016, the 31st anniversary of Larkin's death. It will join the likes of WH Auden, TS Eliot and William Wordsworth in Poets' Corner. The last poet to be honoured was Ted Hughes in 2011. Larkin
Stephen Hough, 58, was convicted of manslaughter, rape and sexual assault. Janet Commins' body was found near a school field in Flint, north Wales. Hough was sentenced to 12 years and a further three after admitting sexually assaulting a 15-year-old girl in 2016.
South Sudan has suffered from chronic economic problems since it split from Sudan in 2011. South Sudan is rich in oil, but is one of Africa's least developed countries. Its stability has been hampered by lingering rows over territory and oil with its northern neighbour.
Unmanned cargo ship was launched from Kazakhstan on Tuesday. It is now orbiting in an uncontrolled spin and cannot reach the ISS. The craft is likely to break up on re-entering Earth's atmosphere. ISS managers like to keep a good six months' supply of food, water, fuel
Lebanon is a country of four million people, and it now hosts well over a million refugees from its war-riven bigger neighbour. The burden on Lebanon is nearly unbearable, as a government minister told me, and there are rising tensions. Germany's latest intervention is fascinating, reflecting a change
A Scottish man, 61, and a woman, 49, from the Republic of Ireland, died in the incident. Both were on the vessel, Tara, when it ran into trouble between Bokpunt and Gansekraal. A 66-year-old man, also from the
Flooding followed a 90-minute downpour in Gorleston and nearby Bradwell. Fire station: "Drains and pumping systems were unable to cope with the amount of rain"
Sox was discovered under a car in the city's Kirkton area in March. The three-year-old cat was making unusual noises and suffering from hypothermia. Her owner took Sox to the vet but the cat died the following day. A post-mortem examination revealed that
"Caucasian Heritage Night" quickly becomes a top trending term on Twitter in the US. The Owlz are a rookie-league team - the most entry level division of the minor leagues. Other promotions included "Christmas in August" and "Throwback Night"
Natalie Hemming, 31, of Newton Leys, was reported missing on Tuesday. She was last seen on Sunday at 15:00 BST in Hemel Hempstead, Hertfordshire. A 42-year-old man was arrested in connection with the investigation and is in custody.
Lorde tweeted that she was hooked up to an IV drip because of the flu. MTV said her rehearsal was 'epic' and praised her for showing up in comfy trainers. Justin Bieber was sick on stage - twice - during Believe tour in 2012. Haim bassist
A red Ford Fiesta travelling north at Drumjohn, near Carsphairn, was in collision with a white Asda delivery van. The van driver Scott Kennedy, 46, was taken by ambulance to Ayr Hospital where he died. Fiesta driver Antony Sztuka, 50,
Leicester City are languishing near the foot of the Premier League table. But the Foxes are through to the last 16 of the Champions League. Claudio Ranieri's side lost just three times in the league last season. One hotelier believes the impact of Richard III is slowly
Sam Robson (99) falls one run short of fourth ton of the season for Somerset. Gubbins hits 15 boundaries as he enjoys 198-run partnership with Robson. Middlesex reach 407-9 at stumps after starting on 139-0.
Tony Blair has not apologised for his decision to take the UK to war in Iraq. Ed Miliband has gone the furthest in apologising on behalf of the Labour party. George W Bush has said he is comfortable with what he did. Liz Kendall said the "ghost of Iraq has haunted
Four women were celebrating on the River Dart, Devon, on Saturday. The vessel became stuck in mud as the tide went out. An RNLI spokesperson said the party were were travelling to Dartmouth when they got into difficulty.
Harry Potter actor gives "wonderfully touching and subtle performance" says Mark Gatiss. The one-off drama will be shown as part of Doctor Who's 50th anniversary later this year. Doctor Who was first broadcast on 23 November 1963.
Hinkley Point C would be the first new nuclear power station to be built in Britain since 1995. Commission has been examining whether funding for the Â£16bn plant broke state aid rules. Anti-nuclear campaigners have called the commission's decision a "U-turn"
Couple suffered "life-changing" injuries during "two hours of torture" on 26 April. The woman remains in a critical condition and the man is still being treated for his injuries. Computer-generated image shows a black man of medium height, possibly aged in his 20s, with
Built in 1855, it was home to assembly rooms and a court. It will house the town's library, a cafe, community space and local history collection.
Home Secretary Theresa May wrote to cabinet colleagues in December seeking approval to "reduce significantly" one type of stop and search. Despite setting a 12 December deadline, the changes are yet to be announced. Downing Street said the prime minister accepted reforms needed to take place. Critics say stop
Glentoran have slumped to 10th in the table after taking just one point from a possible 15. Belfast Blues sit in second place and are five points behind champions Crusaders with a match in hand. Glenavon host Portadown and Ballymena United travel
Clinical staff could be transferred to Ysbyty Gwynedd and Wrexham Maelor hospitals. Betsi Cadwaladr University Health Board said it was "disappointed" by the vote. Doctors said decision to withdraw obstetric and gynaecology services has left them
Dundee United beat Highland League champions 2-0 at Dens Park on Saturday. Faissal El Bakhtaoui and Sofien Moussa scored the goals in each half. McCann's men face Cowdenbeath and Dundee United in the League Cup.
Slovakia was part of Czechoslovakia until the "velvet divorce" in January 1993. It joined the EU in 2004 and the eurozone in 2009. Andrej Kiska was elected president in 2014.
Barker has not played competitively since dislocating his knee and rupturing ligaments in March 2012. The 33-year-old is set to start training with Burton after undergoing minor knee surgery. Derby manager Steve Clough says Barker is still capable of making an impact.
The Â£10.7m 1950s development will also include an original house, shop and cinema. Beamish is also seeking people's memories of the bowling pavilion. Staff will be attending an open day at the Billingham Bowling Club on Sunday.
England beat Belgium 2-0 in their final Euro 2017 qualifier in Leuven. Nikita Parris and Karen Carney scored either side of a Lorca van de Putte own goal. Belgium could have finished top of Group 7 had they beaten England. Mark Sampson's
Titan drones were designed to bring the internet to remote rural areas. Google acquired Titan Aerospace in 2014, reportedly fending off a bid from Facebook. Reports claimed Titan was facing technical difficulties and running out of money. Facebook's internet drones have also faced problems.
Joseph Mensah was arrested on suspicion of assault on Sunday. He was transferred to Manchester Royal Infirmary with leg injuries. Police were at the hospital at the time, but were not tasked with guarding him. Greater Manchester Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Frank Pantridge was born on 3 October 1916 in County Down, Northern Ireland. He was a physician at the Royal Victoria Hospital in Belfast. In 1965, he invented the world's first portable defibrillator, using car batteries for the current. It would be 1990 before all front-
Cuban Lionhearts claimed the first six bouts to seal a second WSB title in three years. British super heavyweight Frazer Clarke beat Leinier Pero in the final bout to earn a consolation point.
Hull KR coach James Webster describes his side's performance as an 'utter embarrassment' Roughyeds led 24-6 at the break with tries from Will Hope, Richard Lepori, Steve Roper and Adam Clay. Lewis Palfrey's six goals to Ben Cockayne's one gave the
Iranian dailies welcome Tehran municipality's plans to turn Evin prison into a park. The prison, covering 43 hectares (106 acres) in the north of city, has thousands of inmates. Human rights activists say they have documented systematic abuses there. Last year, the head of
Accident happened on the A701 Howden Hall Road in Kaimes at about 07:50. The woman was taken to Edinburgh Royal Infirmary. Police have appealed for anyone with information to contact them.
Kabeer Hassan and another man, aged 59, have been convicted of grooming young girls for sex. The teenager was arrested outside a takeaway in Heywood in August 2008 for being disruptive. She alleged one of the workers had groomed and then raped her. Greater Manchester Police investigated
There are about 500 deaths a year in the UK from cardiac arrest among the under-30s. Underlying cause of such deaths is likely to be inherited rather than fitness. Many sports in Britain regularly screen top athletes, although it is not mandatory.
Radio 1's audience fell by 3.2% in the last three months of 2016. Radio 1Xtra fell 11.4% over the same period. Kiss is now London's most popular commercial breakfast show.
John Duns Scotus was born in Duns in Scotland around 1266. He is considered by some to be a precursor of other major philosophers. The festival hopes to bring the importance of his works to a new audience.
Tedesco has signed a two-year deal at Schalke. Last season, Tedesco took charge of second-tier FC Erzgebirge Aue. Julian Nagelsmann has extended his deal with Hoffenheim until 2021.
Celtic were charged after fans set off fireworks during 1-1 draw in Turkey. Uefa also charged the club with improper conduct after five players were booked. It is the third match in a calendar year - and the eighth in five years - that has resulted in the Glasgow club being
Canal & River Trust said the path at Pontcysyllte Aqueduct would close between 09:00 GMT and 15:00 from Monday until 17 February. Repair work is needed on the parapet of the 126ft (38m) tall structure.
Home clubs are responsible for "good order and security" Clubs are also urged to step up efforts to identify culprits. Justice Secretary Michael Matheson called for "a transparent and robust scheme" in June.
Maoists are active in more than a third of India's 600-odd districts, authorities say. More than 6,000 people have died in the rebels' long fight for communist rule in these states. They say they are fighting for the rights of indigenous tribespeople and the rural poor
Technique is being hailed as a breakthrough in understanding how the trillions of complex cells in a body are descended from a single egg. Human body has around 40 trillion cells, each with a highly specialised function. Each can trace its history back to the same starting point - a fertilised egg
Storey finished more than two minutes ahead of Anna Harkowska in Nottwil, Switzerland. The Briton is Britain's most decorated female Paralympian with 22 medals. She has won 11 gold, eight silver and three bronze medals in both cycling and swimming across six Paraly
Ehud Olmert found guilty of accepting bribes from developers of controversial apartment complex. Fined $289,000 and ordered that 560,000 shekels in assets be seized. Olmert's lawyers said he was innocent and would appeal. If he is unsuccessful he will become
Queen uses lift to arrive at Houses of Parliament for first time since 1536. Satellite-tagging will be used and re-offending league tables published. There is also support for a spaceport and driverless cars - but a planned British Bill of Rights is on hold.
Boy, 12, was swimming with friends in Kakadu National Park, in the Northern Territory. Another boy was also mauled by the crocodile, but managed to escape. Rangers said neither of the two crocodiles appeared to be the attacker. Saltwater crocodiles can
England face Switzerland in their first competitive game since the World Cup. Hodgson's side were knocked out of the tournament at the group stage. The game marks the start of England's qualifying for Euro 2016 in France.
More than 60 people took their own life in Aberdeen and Aberdeenshire last year. National body Choose Life is behind "Prevent Suicide - Northeast Scotland" and an accompanying website.
Gregory Allen, 43, and David McCullough, 68, pleaded guilty to two charges. The men did not have a licence to keep tyres or to use them as sea defences. They were sentenced to four months in prison, suspended for two years.
Chasing 268 in the first Test, Australia were all out for 161. Kusal Mendis' superb 176 - his first Test century - and 5-54 from Rangana Herath proved decisive. Second Test of the three-match series takes place in Galle, starting on Thursday
At least 21 people have died in the Philippines as a result of Typhoon Hagupit. The typhoon is now a tropical storm and has weakened into a tropical depression. About a million people have been evacuated from vulnerable areas. Tacloban, which bore the brunt of Super Typhoon
Rankin suffered cramp in his sole Test appearance against Australia in January 2014. The 31-year-old dropped out of favour with England before switching to Ireland in 2012. Rankin's last appearance for England was on 17 January 2014, making him eligible under ICC regulations to play again for Ireland on
Real Madrid are on the verge of breaking La Liga's all-time record for consecutive wins. Zidane's side have won 16 straight matches in all competitions so far this season. Los Blancos beat Espanyol 2-0 on Sunday to move clear at the top of La Liga
Less County Championship cricket, a change of numbers in the two-division structure, a more attractive school summer holidays time slot for the T20 Blast and a Lord's one-day knockout final in July are the key outcomes. The aim is to ensure that cricket retains its popularity beyond the time when
A 28-year-old man was arrested by police in the early hours on suspicion of drink driving. The cross is a Grade II-listed building, which dates from about 1795. Town trustee Graham Mottram said they will need to find a stonemason and "some
Reunion is one of four French overseas departments and one of France's 18 regions. As such, it shares the same status as those on mainland France. The island's capital, Saint-Denis, is home to one-fifth of the population.
US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson met Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Bonn, Germany. Tillerson said the US would consider working with Russia in some areas but would stand up for its own interests. US Defence Secretary James Mattis said Washington was not ready to collaborate militarily with Moscow.
Rory McIlroy is eight shots off the lead after a level-par 73 at Quail Hollow Golf Club. England's Paul Casey is three-under after level par round in Charlotte, North Carolina. American Roberto Castro is in second after dropping a shot on the last hole.
Alan Stubbs has signed a three-year deal with Championship side Rotherham. Hibs chief executive Leeann Dempster has thanked Stubbs for doing a "magnificent job" The 44-year-old ended Hibs' 114-year wait to win the Scottish
Mosul Dam and Wana, north-east of Mosul, depend on the dam as a vital source of water. Inaugurated in 1984 during the era of Saddam Hussein, the dam today is falling into disrepair. Budget shortfalls due to the slump in oil prices and political rivalry
West Ham chairman was sent a tweet by a prankster asking to spread awareness of a "missing" Hammers fan. The fan turned out to be West Ham winger Michail Antonio. Antonio, 25, cost the Hammers £7m from Nottingham Forest on transfer deadline day.
Mark Griffiths, 62, said: "For some families their whole Christmas spread has been taken" Gammon joints, 700 pigs in blankets, cash and four charity boxes were also taken. Mr Griffiths discovered the break-in at 05:00 GMT on Friday when he noticed the panel
Two-time Australian Open champion won 6-3 4-6 7-6 (9-7) against Japan's Risa Ozaki. It was the 27-year-old Belarusian's first match since losing at the French Open in June 2016. Azarenka was sixth in
Rhinos have been training across the city of Leeds since the river Aire burst its banks at Christmas. All seven training pitches and the main building at the Kirkstall site were contaminated by flood water. The Rhinos begin the defence of their Super League title against Warrington on 4 February.
Landowner found six teenagers dead in a hut outside Arnstein. Police say they died from carbon monoxide poisoning. A wood-burning stove was in use at the hut, but other possible causes are still being investigated. The tragedy has caused an outpouring of grief in the town of
Transparency International accuses western governments of ignoring corruption as a major driver towards terrorism, notably in the Middle East. The report, entitled The Big Spin, argues IS took advantage of corruption to radicalise and recruit people. Corruption is a rallying cry, an enabler and a key mod
Sebastian Vettel beat Lewis Hamilton in season-opening Australian Grand Prix. Hamilton admits Ferrari "did a better job" than Mercedes in Melbourne. Vettel insists that beating Mercedes "is not easy at all"
Temperatures in Jupiter's upper atmosphere as high as 1,500C. This is hundreds of degrees warmer than anywhere else on the planet. UK and US team found evidence for temperature spike using infrared telescope in Hawaii. Hotspot created by thunderous soundwaves "breaking" in
Bradford's membership was suspended in June when they entered administration. The governing body took the decision to switch the club's membership to OK Bulls Ltd after Khan's group bought the club from the administrators in August. No decision has yet been reached on what division the Bulls will compete in next season.
Riders have already won this season's BBL Trophy and the league title. They meet Sheffield Sharks in Sunday's play-off final at the O2 Arena at 15:30 BST. The game will be followed by the WBBL final between Nottingham Wildcats and Team Northumbria.
Souleymane Coulibaly scores his ninth goal of the season to give Kilmarnock the lead. Steven Smith adds a second to seal the three points for the home side. Tony Watt missed a glorious chance for Hearts from close range in the first half. Lee Clark
UK also performs badly on female cancer survival and infant deaths. But life expectancy figures in the UK are slightly better than for EU counterparts. Our early action on smoking has had a very positive impact on health outcomes.
A 16-year-old man and a young woman are believed to have been at the wheel of the car. The car tried to crash through the barriers at Place de la Concorde in Paris. Police opened fire on the vehicle as it sped away from the scene of the incident.
Sales volumes increased by 1.7% in November from the month before. Compared with the same month last year, sales were up by 5%. Lloyds Bank Commercial Banking said it was "too early" to say whether Black Friday was a success.
Two-year-old Mandarin Princess, trained by Charlie McBride, was declared winner of Thursday's 13:40 race at Great Yarmouth after beating Fyre Cay. A scan afterwards identified the horse as stablemate Millie's Kiss, who had been due to run in a later race at the
Lord O'Donnell says it will take 'years and years' to separate fully from Brussels. Says he does not think the EU will make radical changes needed for UK to remain a member. Also says he is 'not a big fan' of referenda, adding there are 'rid
Blaze at industrial complex in Tongi, north of Dhaka, kills eight people and injures 70. Police say explosion in boiler room caused the blaze. About 100 people were in the four-storey building at the time, including machine operators and guards. Low-cost manufacturing
"The worst can always happen," says French president at Natzweiler-Struthof in Alsace. Most of the 50,000 inmates were French resistance fighters, but also included Jews and gypsies. By the time of its liberation, almost half the prisoners had died
Sanmay Ved spotted a for sale sign next to the Google.com domain on 29 September. He used a credit card to pay the $12 (Â£8) fee to grab the domain and got emails confirming he was the owner. Almost immediately he started getting messages intended for Google's own
10,000 strikers and 5,000 police officers clashed at the coking plant near Rotherham in June 1984. More than 120 officers and pickets were injured and 93 people arrested. IPCC ruled a full report into allegations of police misconduct will not be made public.
Motherwell move above St Johnstone into fourth place in the Scottish Premiership. Lionel Ainsworth's lob and Iain Vigurs penalty put Inverness in front in the first half. Keith Lasley was penalised for a foul on Ross Draper and Vigur converted
Chuck Feeney is an 83-year-old philanthropist who rejects the trappings of wealth. He is the founder of The Atlantic Philanthropies, which gives his fortune away to good causes. Since 1982, his foundation has made grants totalling $6.5bn (Â
Jack Lopresti left his wife for Andrea Jenkyns, who gave birth to their son in March. He was first elected in 2010 and re-elected with a near-10,000 majority five years later. The Filton and Bradley Stoke MP was reselected at a
Kabali, the star's latest movie, will be released in some 12,000 screens. One of Asia's highest paid actors, Rajinikanth is considered one of the most bankable stars in India. Even before its release, Kabali, a gangster drama, has raked
The 35-year-old had to be driven to hospital because he was too tall to be airlifted in a helicopter. Mr Odom, who was married to reality television star Khloe Kardashian, has long struggled with alcohol and drug addiction. He was involved in a drink-driving
The UK government finally made clear the date it will officially trigger the process. But Saturday really is a huge deal for the EU - it's the union's 60th birthday. There is a determination that it must no longer be allowed to dominate and overshadow EU politics. The EU prefers to
Wiggins' medical records were leaked by the 'Fancy Bears' hacking team. Records show Wiggins was given permission to take two banned substances. One of the substances, triamcinolone, was taken for an allergy to pollen. It is the same drug for which Lance Armstrong
Dolomedes plantarius spiderlings were released into suitable dykes at Castle Marshes. They are hybrids between species found in Sussex and Suffolk. Project was organised by Natural England and Suffolk Wildlife Trust.
Aung San Suu Kyi failed to persuade the military to allow a clause barring her from the presidency to be overruled. Under the clause she cannot be leader as her sons are British, not Burmese. The candidate thought most likely to become president, Htin Kyaw, is a
Brittany Wenger wants to fuse concepts of computer science and biology. She has created an artificial intelligence program to analyse data from a breast tissue biopsy. The programme is being tested in two hospitals, in the US and Italy. Ms Wenger wants a dual career as a paediatric on
Sudan TV re-runs programmes made during the north-south civil war. The programmes urge "jihad" against "the enemy" - South Sudan's ruling party. Khartoum's official TV relies on archive video from other battlegrounds. Pro-military outlets include the "
Nearly one in 10 people in South Cave expressed opposition to Gladman Developments' plans. The developer wants to build on land off Little Wold Lane in the picturesque village. South Cave Parish Council has also objected to the proposal, saying it would cause "landscape harm"
Number of EU workers in the UK workforce has risen by 224,000 in the past year. During same period the overall workforce has increased by 1.3%. UKIP said the latest employment statistics "showed why we need to put British workers first"
Squint (19) won the Â£25,000 prize at Liverpool's Walker Art Gallery. It depicts a leper squint, which Simpson said were holes made in the sides of medieval churches. The 76-year-old was one of the shortlisted artists in 1991 and
Chukwudumeme Onwuamadike says he was unlawfully detained and a subject of trial by media. Police say they obtained an order from the Federal High Court to hold him for three months. Suspect is claiming $1m (Â£780,000) in damages in
Northern Ireland lose 2-0 to Azerbaijan in Euro 2016 qualifier. Michael O'Neill's side had Jonny Evans sent off for a crude foul on Mahir Shukurov. Huddersfield striker Paterson among players to miss great chances in second half. Northern Ireland face
Nama's Northern Ireland portfolio sold to US investment fund Cerberus for £1bn last year. Committee chairman Daithí McKay wants Nama to appear before the committee. He said they had written to Michael Noonan asking him to ensure Nama appeared at inquiry. Mr Noonan
Thames Water said flooding was caused by a burst water main on Coombe Road. Commuters posted pictures of themselves wading through water outside station. Police and London Fire Brigade attended the scene, while trains were not stopping.
The 82-year-old has had health problems in recent years. He reportedly does not wish to remain emperor if he has to reduce his official duties. But a palace spokesman denied that there is any official plan for the monarch to abdicate.
Environment Minister Mark H Durkan said drilling could have a significant impact on the environment. Tamboran Resources wanted to drill a 750m deep hole at a quarry at Belcoo, using permitted development rights. It issued a statement saying it was "deeply concerned" by the minister's decision
Accountants' organisation said scrutiny of Welsh legislation was suffering. Move would ease the burden on politicians in Cardiff Bay as more power is devolved. Peers serving in the UK cabinet have set the precedent, group's Wales director said. Parties in the assembly have questioned the idea on
Universities fear losing funding, students and staff in event of a 'hard' exit from the EU. Some universities are considering expanding into Europe as a way round the problem. University of Kent has had a centre in Brussels for almost 20 years and has branches in Paris, Athens and Rome
UK experts said people with long-term illnesses and undiagnosed diabetes often felt tired during the day. But they said there was no evidence that napping caused or increased the risk of diabetes. Long naps could be a result of disturbed sleep at night, potentially caused by sleep apnoe
GB were beaten 5-1 by Slovakia in the play-off in Japan. The team needed to finish in the top three to secure a spot at next year's Pyeongchang qualification tournament. GB were last represented in the sport at the Winter Paralympics in Turin,
Daniel Rooney was 18 when he and a friend were shot by MRF soldiers in west Belfast. The PSNI want to see if the bullet can be retrieved from Mr Rooney's remains. It may then be possible to determine whether the bullet came from a military weapon.
The Blade Artist shortlisted for Fiction Book of the Year award. Also shortlisted are The Sunlight Pilgrims by Granta's best young British novelist Jenni Fagan. The Saltire Society organises the awards, which cover poetry, research, non-fiction, history and first
Nottingham Forest face Derby County in the East Midlands derby on Saturday. Robert Earnshaw scored five goals in seven appearances for Forest during his time at the club. The 33-year-old had a miserable year-long stay with the Rams, scoring just two goals in 25 appearances.
UK house prices rose by 5.2% in the year to the end of July. Prices in London rose 5.5%, slightly lower than the average in England of 5.6%. Analysts suggest the time of double-digit price rises in London is over for now.
Last year 17% of all London's registered nursing jobs were vacant. Hospitals initially offered subsidised accommodation to new staff. But as staff settle down they are tempted by the lower cost of living outside the capital.
TMZ claims Chris Brown fathered a child with former model Nia nine months ago. The site claims the pair have known each other for'several years' and are on good terms. Karrueche has tweeted that she can 'only take so much' and seems to have
Sandra Bland, 28, was arrested on 10 July over a traffic offence. She was found dead in her cell three days later. A coroner's report said she hanged herself but her family doubt this. Family lawyer says they have "no evidence" Bland had previously attempted suicide.
UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon is due to end his term in office at midnight on 31 December. The manoeuvring to succeed him is now moving into higher gear. For the first time in the 70-year history of the UN, the declared candidates will take part in public hust
N-Dubz are up for best UK act and best album at Mobo awards. Also have two nominations in the best song category for single Strong Again. This year's Mobos will be held outside of London for the first time in Glasgow.
Arrests follow a week long crackdown on drug dealing in Gloucestershire. Six people have been charged following raids in Gloucester, Cheltenham and Crawley.
England have already won the four-match series and lead it 2-0. Cook made an unbeaten half-century against the tourists for South Africa A in a warm-up match before the series. The 33-year-old is the son of former Test batsman Jimmy Cook.
Anti-fascist protest was held on the same day as Great Skinhead Reunion. It was initially organised to oppose an anti-immigration march that failed to materialise. Police arrested 14 anti-fascists after an attack on three bald men.
The Cambridges are in Bhutan for two days as guests of a young king and queen. Tourists could only visit from the 1970s; TV was introduced in the 1990s. Bhutan is a Buddhist country with an emphasis on gross national happiness rather than its gross domestic product
In the late 1960s/early 1970s, the ice fields slipping down Mont Blanc and surrounding mountains of the European range covered some 375 sq km. By the late 2000s, this area had fallen to about 275 sq km. This represents an average loss of some 26% over the last
Fergus Wilson has amassed nearly 1,000 buy-to-let properties in Kent. In an email to his letting agency, he banned 'coloured' people from renting his homes. Equality and Human Rights Commission is investigating and says it will seek legal action.
Bulgarian authorities order an evacuation of the village of Hitrino. Two tanks hit an electricity line and exploded when the train derailed near the village station. Hitrino, a town of around 800 people, is located in Bulgaria's north-eastern Shumen province. Prime Minister
Linda Clarke, 55, walked out of hospital and sat on a ledge over the M602 in Salford. Sean Earle, 26, snatched her bag after she fell to the ground and ran off, court heard. Mrs Clarke's husband Gary said his wife's death had devastated
Lewis Hamilton wins United States Grand Prix to seal the drivers' title. Mercedes team-mate Nico Rosberg finishes second with Sebastian Vettel in third. Sebastian Vettel could have kept race open until Mexico next weekend had he finished second. Daniil Kvyat
Jamie Leek of Nottingham died in June 2012 when he was hit by motorcyclist. Spiridon Koklas was convicted of involuntary homicide and involuntary bodily harm. Greek appeal court upheld his sentence of four years and 10 months but suspended it for three years. Jamie's mother Lydia said the
The 19in (48cm) replica has optic eyes and the same make of teeth as the original. Thunderbirds was first aired on TV screens in October 1965. At its peak, Thunderbirds was attracting an audience of 100 million fans in 66 countries. The puppet boasts a head made
English and maths will be the first subjects affected. Teaching unions warn this will be confusing for pupils, parents and employers. Exams will be graded from 1 to 9, with 9 being the highest. Pupils who fail will be awarded a "U" for an unclassified result
Nigeria Football Federation terminates Stephen Keshi's contract with immediate effect. Keshi had been in charge of the Super Eagles for less than three months. The 53-year-old led Nigeria to the 2013 Africa Cup of Nations title and 2014 World Cup. NFF
Downing Street says curbs are being considered in response to 'widespread public concern' Councils urged to give priority on council house waiting lists to those with local connections. Ministers examining possibility of linking some benefits to contributions.
Noah Yabbacome, 24, was arrested after police raided the St Nicholas Vicarage. Officers found over 800 indecent images of children together with "extreme" photographs depicting bestiality. He admitted two charges of attempting to incite a child to engage in sexual activity and a string of offences
95.1% of A&E patients spent four hours or less from arrival to admission, transfer or discharge. The 95% target had not been hit for 33 consecutive weeks, since September. NHS England praised its front-line staff for dealing with high workload demands.
Council leader Roger Stone said it was launching an immediate investigation. Education secretary said the "wrong decision" was made "in the wrong way for the wrong reasons". Rotherham councillor Paul Lakin, cabinet member for children, young people and families Services, has ordered an investigation.
The wager on Murray would net a £175,000 return, including the stake. Ladbrokes believes it to be the largest tennis bet ever placed in Scotland. Murray ended Britain's 77-year wait for a men's singles champion in 2013.
A 20-year-old man was attacked with a weapon in Old Rutherglen Road. He was treated in hospital for a leg injury. Detectives believe the man in the images may be able to help with their inquiry.
Yarrington, who served as governor from 1999 to 2005, had been on the run for almost five years. He is accused of taking bribes from drug cartels in return for turning a blind eye to smuggling. A reward of 15m Mexican pesos ($800,000; £650,
Gary Liddle was sent off after only 16 minutes for a foul on Kane Vincent-Young. Lee Novak converted from the spot after he was felled by Richard Brindley. Colchester's winless run in League One stretched to 17 matches.
122-year-old Victorian structure last underwent refurbishment in 1970. Work will take place on timber decking, lifting mechanism and water proofing arches. Bridge will close for road traffic until 30 December but pedestrians can walk across on all but three weekends.
Welsh pop legend accused BBC of'sub-standard behaviour' when it dropped him last year. But ITV has bought the rights to broadcast the programme from 2017 and invited him back. He will be joined in the big red chairs by long-serving judge Will.i.am and Jennifer
Original 21 books featured Julian, George, Dick, Anne and their dog Timmy. Their escapades, set during the '40s and '50s, saw the children having virtually adult-free outdoor holidays. Famous titles include Five on a Treasure Island and Five Go to Smugg
A 65-year-old man suffered stab wounds to his head, shoulder, chest and back. Police said he was now in a stable condition in hospital. A 17-year old boy was arrested at an address in Netherton, West Midlands Police said.
Brentwood is the setting for ITV's The Only Way is Essex (Towie) Council leader Louise McKinlay said the show has been 'largely positive' for the town. But she warned that "everything has a shelf-life" and stereotypes could be left behind.
The child had not been seen in the 11 years since its disappearance was first reported. The 38 year old was arrested on Friday on suspicion of preventing a lawful burial and perverting the course of justice. A woman, 31, previously charged in connection with the investigation appeared in court in July.
Microsoft bought 925 patents and patent applications from AOL. It is now selling 650 of those patents to Facebook as well as licences to the other 275. Facebook also reported a drop in its first quarter profits to $205m from $233m a year earlier.
Lions star Bowe had been out since sustaining a knee injury in Ireland's World Cup defeat by Argentina. His return is a timely boost as the Belfast club attempt to secure a place in the Pro12 play-offs.
James Comey was heading the FBI inquiry into alleged Russian interference in the presidential election. He was fired by President Donald Trump in May after a meeting in the Oval Office. Days later, the president tweeted that he hoped there were no 'tapes' of the conversation. The House Intelligence Committee
Andrew RT Davies defended his party from criticism that it opposes Labour policies. He said there is a clear agenda for what the Welsh Conservatives stand for, and it's action. Welsh Conservative leader praised Welsh Secretary Stephen Crabb's handling of the Wales Bill.
Hearts finished fifth in the Scottish Premiership last season. Director of football Craig Levein has high hopes for new head coach Craig Cathro. Levein says the club should have signed more players in January transfer window.
Residents have approached South Wales Fire and Rescue Service to volunteer as "spotters" 45 firefighters are tackling one fire, covering 148 acres (60 hectares), in Swansea Valley. Children as young as 11 are among those who have been arrested for starting blazes in south Wales. RSPCA
The winning proposal will be "connected to" the University of Chicago. Mr Obama was a law professor there and still has a home on the city's South Side. A formal announcement will be made the week after next. The 13 presidential libraries are administered by the US National Archives.
Japanese firm expects net profit in the year to March of 1.7 trillion yen ($15.1bn; Â£12.1billion) That is despite losing its top-selling carmaker status to Volkswagen in 2016. Toyota said it had begun formal talks to work with Suzuki on
Laura Matthews, 29, was told her signature infringed a trademark in July. She was issued with the document several weeks later after threatening legal action. But she has now been told the passport was issued in error and has been cancelled.
Ummariyat Mirza, 21, is charged with preparing for a terrorist attack in the UK. He is also charged with possessing the bomb-making guide the Anarchist Cookbook. His sister, Zainub Mirza is accused of sending Islamic State propaganda videos to others.
Queen's athlete Mitchell has achieved Commonwealth Games consideration standards. Derry Track Club's Kirk-Smith won the men's 3,000m steeplechase. Ciara Mageean eased into Sunday's 800m final with a dominant heat performance.
Rangers beat Dundee United 4-0 in their Scottish Cup quarter-final first leg. Celtic beat Greenock Morton 3-0 and Hibs drew 1-1 with Caledonian Thistle. Dundee United beat Ross County 3-2 to reach the last eight.
Bilawal Bhutto was visiting a hospital in Karachi when a 10-month-old baby died. The infant's father alleged he couldn't gain entry for more than an hour because of the security protocol. Bisma was his only child and was suffering from respiratory problems.
The men, from Gambia and Senegal, were crushed while working at Shredmet Ltd in Birmingham. Police and the Health Safety Executive (HSE) are still investigating and inquests have yet to be held. The families said they were frustrated at the length of time the investigation was taking
Thomas Orr opened the scoring for the hosts. David McKenna doubled the lead. Scott Ferries completed the win.
Coventry accepted 105 refugees from October to March under Government scheme. UKIP MEP James Carver said it put an unfair amount of pressure on services in Coventry. Government pledged to resettle 20,000 Syrian refugees by 2020. 71 local authorities have accepted 1,602 Syrians in
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, 25, pleaded guilty to attempting to blow up a commercial plane as a would-be suicide mission for al-Qaeda. Almost 300 people were on the flight from Amsterdam to Detroit. His family quickly called on the US government to review the sentence.
Of the 38 people who were killed in the Tunisia attack, 33 were on Tui holidays. Tui is also worried about the effect of migrants on its Greek business. The company reported a group profit of €49.4m for the quarter, compared with a loss of €5.
The cylindrical device was between six and eight inches long (15-20cm) Police spokesman said the small bomb was rusty and resembled a dog bone. The bomblet may have come from Beaufort's Dyke, a deep trench in the Irish Sea.
Religious groups argue that they should be exempt from the requirement because it violates religious liberty. A tie would uphold lower court rulings in support of the administration but not set a national precedent. The Little Sisters of the Poor, a charity that cares for the elderly, and other Roman Catholic groups were
Solar Impulse craft forced to divert to Japan to land due to poor weather. Pilot Andre Borschberg was 36 hours into journey from China to Hawaii. Project co-founder Bertrand Piccard: "Everyone is very happy with the plane - but the weather does not fit"
French striker Moussa Dembele, 20, has made an instant impact this season. Ivorian Karamoko came on for the final nine minutes of Celtic Under-20s' win against Hearts. He replaced Jack Aitchison, 16, who became Celtic's youngest-ever
Colin Brown has been in charge of Harriers since Dave Hockaday left the role in January. Brown is also the National League club's major shareholder and chief executive. The 53-year-old has stated that he does not want the head coach's job full-time.
Furcast podcast went out without broadcaster's knowledge. Two Texas stations broadcast the 90-minute show aimed at "furries" Barix streaming boxes are popular with broadcasters and PA professionals. Furries are people who have a fascination with anthropomorphism and often dress in animal costumes
Manchester City held to a 1-1 draw by Swansea at the Liberty Stadium. Kelechi Iheanacho gave City the lead with a close-range finish. Andre Ayew equalised for the away side with a deflected free-kick. Manuel Pellegrini
Watson carded a six-under-par 66, which included an eagle and five birdies. Five players are one shot behind Watson in China. England's Tommy Fleetwood is three shots back after a three-under 69.
Lee Gregory and Steve Morison put Swindon 2-0 up. Nicky Ajose's penalty set up Nicky Doughty's dramatic late winner. Millwall remain fifth and have gone five games without defeat. Swindon's unbeaten run now stands at six league games.
Shadow home secretary Diane Abbott said police numbers had fallen on Theresa May's watch. She said it was 'concerning' no action was taken when Khuram Butt was known to security services. Comes as security is a key issue in final days of campaigning before Thursday's election.
Albert Reynolds played a key role in advancing the Northern Ireland peace process. The Fianna Fáil politician led the party in two coalition governments. He served as taoiseach (prime minister) for just under three years from 1992 to 1994. Sir John Major said Mr Reynolds
Coventry Cathedral lit up in blue, white and red to mark Friday's attacks in Paris. Human chain idea came from a similar event held annually in Dresden to commemorate the allied bombing of February 1945. In Dresden, an estimated 22,700 to 25,000 people died as a result
Sarstedt died peacefully after a six-year battle with Progressive Supranuclear Palsy. He wrote more than a dozen albums in a career that spanned more than 50 years. His song Where Do You Go To (My Lovely) topped the UK singles charts in 1969.
Adaptation will be based on the critically-acclaimed first book in the Noughts and Crosses series. Tells the forbidden interracial love story between Sephy, a "Cross" and politician's daughter. The drama is expected to air next year.
Charges include numerous counts of rape and conspiracy to rape and relate to eight victims. Offences alleged to have occurred between 2005 and 2012. The six, aged between 22 and 38, are due before magistrates in Sheffield on 21 March.
Kompany had thigh surgery during the summer. He was making his first appearance since May 4. The 30-year-old left the pitch just before the end of Wednesday's 2-1 EFL Cup victory over Swansea.
BP described the withdrawal as a "precautionary measure" Gunmen have besieged the justice and foreign ministries recently. The gunmen blocked the buildings two weeks ago, parking pick-up trucks.
Nicky Morgan's speech to NAHT conference in Birmingham left teachers feeling disillusioned. Unions were silent as she walked on stage, low cries of rubbish and then loud laughter. It's not just the plans to force all schools to become academies, which will affect primary schools.
Up to 21 patients were moved to another area of the hospital. Western Health Trust said the patients were removed safely. The alarm was raised at 07:00 GMT.
Tommy Roome, of Rams Grove, Romford, has been charged with murder. He is also charged with the attempted murder of Mr Hayden's father, Paul, 46. Mr Hayden died from a stab wound to the thigh a day after he was attacked.
Felix Alexander, from Worcester, was hit by a train on 27 April last year. His mother Lucy Alexander has set up The Felix Project, launched at Pershore High School on Monday. The programme aims to help teachers spot the signs of a child being victimised and to train pupils to give
Angus T Jones has been in the show since he was 10-years-old. The 19-year-old said the show's raunchy humour conflicted with his bible studies. He said viewers should question the impact such programmes had on them.
The â‚¬2bn project has been rubber stamped between National Grid and its Norwegian equivalent Statnett. The UK aims to import enough hydro-power from Norway to provide 14% of yearly household electricity needs. The North Sea Network (NSN) interconnector is due to
Jacob Brentnall drove to Manchester from Nottingham after midnight. He gave a young woman a lift across the city and drove a family of three to Leeds. The 21-year-old then turned up for work in Derby despite getting no sleep.
Lion called Sylvester crawled under electric fence after heavy rains dislodged earth. Karoo National Park authorities intend to use a helicopter to find the lion. Sylvester was fitted with a tracking collar after he was on the loose for three weeks last year.
The local parties fought over different territory during the election campaign. DUP emphasised its potential role in a hung parliament, while Sinn Féin portrayed the contest as a battle against austerity. Local parties complained about being excluded from UK-wide debates, but threats of legal action came to nothing
Grant Ward, Luke Varney and Tom Lawrence score for Ipswich. Sandro headed in a late consolation for Queens Park Rangers. Mick McCarthy's side move up four places to 14th in Championship.
40% of all the deaths have been in just the past three weeks, says Dr Christopher Dye. The World Health Organization is using an educated guess of 20,000 cases before the end. Dr Dye's tentative forecasts are grim: "The situation is bad and we have to prepare for
16 petrol bombs were found in Colinview Street in Belfast. PSNI officer said they were designed to be thrown at officers. It follows an incident at Lanark Way earlier this week when a petrol bomb was thrown at police.
Sentinel-1b launched from Sinamary in French Guiana. New platform will monitor shipping lanes for pollution and icebergs, and survey land surfaces for subsidence. Soyuz rocket lifted into orbit at 18:02 local time (21:02 GMT) Four other satellites
Scottish Fishermen's Federation met in the wake of the 23 June referendum. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has said one of her priorities is to protect Scotland's place in the EU. The Scottish government said EU membership was in the "best interests" of Scotland's fishing industry.
Coastliner bus driver seriously injured in crash on the A64 at Flaxton, near York. Five of the 16 passengers on the bus and one of two people in the Toyota Yaris car also taken to hospital. The driver was pronounced dead at the scene and nobody else was in the vehicle
The 28-year-old will sign the deal, which has a £109m (125m euros) buyout clause. Rakitic has made 145 appearances for Barca since his 2014 move from Sevilla. He played in Barca's famous 6-1 comeback win against PS
Caley Thistle lie five points adrift at the bottom of the Scottish Premiership. Inverness have just four wins from 33 league fixtures and have conceded more goals than any other team. Foran has brought in former assistant Maurice Malpas to address defensive problems.
A drain had become blocked by debris, leading water to spill over into a road. Fife Council said it was disappointed and frustrated at the flooding in Dunfermline. More than Â£30m has been spent on the town's flood prevention project.
Accounts Commission said services could not be maintained without improvements. The authority needs to save Â£22.3m - 10% of its budget - by 2017/18. Council reserves are low and are projected to fall further, report said.
Ronald Dickens, 47, dragged a woman into a lane and raped her in 1985. Cold case review using new DNA techniques led to the breakthrough. Dickens, of Phipps Avenue, Rugby, admitted rape at Coventry Crown Court.
Zhou Youguang helped invent Pinyin, a writing system that turns Chinese characters into words. He is credited with helping raise literacy rates in China. Despite his achievements, Mr Zhou remains largely unknown in his home country. Perhaps that is because the 106-year-old is a defiant
Hyde is the Boro's fourth signing of the summer after Andrew Fox, Matt Godden and Rowan Liburd. The 26-year-old was released by York City after failing to score in 14 appearances last season. Hyde spent two seasons at Barnet between 2012 and 2014
The Crucible's production of Show Boat and its new musical Flowers for Mrs Harris are both up for best musical. Paapa Essiedu, the Royal Shakespeare Company's first black Hamlet, is in the running for best performance in a play. Sir Ian McKellen will receive a special prize at
The Scotland striker fell out of favour under Alex Neil at Carrow Road. Norwich manager Daniel Farke is a former Borussia Dortmund reserve-team coach. The 30-year-old hopes Farke will have a similar impact on him as Roberto Martinez did at Everton. Naism
Hearing partially improved when nerves in the ear, which pass sounds into the brain, were rebuilt in gerbils. Getting the same improvement in people would be a shift from being unable to hear traffic to hearing a conversation. In one in 10 people with profound hearing loss nerve cells are damaged
The Westgate development will eventually have more than 100 shops, 25 restaurants and cafes, a cinema and 61 flats. The multi-storey car park on the site was demolished last year and will be replaced with a 1,000-space underground car park. It will include rooftop terrace
Some five million Tunisians have registered to vote; 49% of newly-registered voters are women. Constitution introduced parity between men and women in elections for first time in Arab world. Islamist Ennahda Movement and secular Nidaa Tounes are favourites to win election.
Out Among the Stars comes out in March and features 12 tracks by the American singer. It includes duets with Cash's wife June Carter and friend Waylon Jennings. The tracks have never been made public before. They were not released at the time and the singer was later dropped by his record label
Public Health Wales study looks at adverse experiences in childhood. Children with four or more ACEs, around 14%, are three times more likely to get lung or heart disease later in life. One senior health figure said instead of "mending broken adults" a focus was needed on "building stronger children"
Jim McCafferty, 71, charged with eight counts of touching a boy under the age of 16. The crimes are alleged to have happened in Belfast between 2012 and 2015. He was arrested last December and has been on remand at Maghaberry Prison.
Steph Twell, Eilish McColgan and Laura Whittle will run in the 5,000m. Mark Dry and Chris Bennett also granted selectors' picks for places in Rio. It is the highest Scottish representation in track and field since the 1908 London Games.
Andy Smith, Marco Tabuas and Maykel Moreira have left Vale Park. Michael Brown has been placed in temporary charge of the League One club. Vale have lost their last three league games to slip to 17th in the table.
Union voted to lobby for libraries to be included in Ofsted inspections. Department for Education said that school libraries "played a vital role"
Cafodd y gwasanaethau brys eu galw yn oriau mân fore Mercher, ac mae dros 200 o ddiffoddwyr a 40 injan dân wedi bod yn ceisio diffodd y fflamau sy
Bournemouth were deemed to have failed to ensure its information was accurate on three occasions. Manchester City were fined £35,000 and given a warning after admitting a similar breach. The Cherries have yet to learn their punishment from the FA.
Katharine of Aragon died at Kimbolton Castle in 1536. She was buried at the cathedral following a lavish funeral. A festival marks the anniversary of her death and a Catholic mass is celebrated.
Alan Turing was jailed in 1952 for gross indecency following which he was chemically castrated. He had been arrested after having an affair with a 19-year-old Manchester man. The conviction meant he lost his security clearance and had to stop code-cracking work. Justice Minister Chris
Mr Obama is in Jamaica to meet the 15-member Caribbean Community bloc. He is the first sitting US president to visit the country since Ronald Reagan 33 years ago. Mr Obama spent 20 minutes in the museum which houses artefacts from the singer's life.
Oldham's match against Leeds United was called off after 13 minutes. Referee was happy with conditions when he arrived at 11:00 GMT, but the situation deteriorated. No date has yet been agreed for the rearranged fixture.
Inverness-born Knox is the only Scotsman in the Masters field. The 30-year-old has arranged a practice round at Augusta with 1988 winner Lyle. Knox is ranked No.34 in the world and is hoping Lyle can give him some insider tips.
Simpson made his debut for Middlesex in June 2009. The 28-year-old has made almost 250 appearances in all formats. Simpson has scored 6,687 runs for the club and has 472 dismissals to his name.
San Francisco and Santa Clara County sued in February over'sanctuary city' order. San Francisco judge issues temporary injunction as case continues in the courts. White House vows to appeal the decision, calling it 'the 9th Circuit going bananas' Ruling is another legal defeat for President Trump
Archbishop of Westminster said Christians were the most persecuted people. Government has said 20,000 refugees will be brought to Britain from refugee camps. But Cardinal Nichols said most Christians did not go into the camps.
Police in Sangli district say the remains were "buried with the intention of disposing them" They were looking for the foetus near a local hospital when they made the grisly discovery. Sex-selective abortion and sex-determination tests are illegal in India. Activists
Dyddgu Hywel, Mel Clay and Sioned Harries all crossed in the first eight minutes. Alisha Butchers' try made it 24-0 at the break. Jess Kavanagh-Williams and Elen Evans added second-half tries. RAF and Wales
Gareth Benbow, 33, of Inverness, was accused of having a vendetta against Raigmore Hospital. Sheriff Margaret Neilson said medical staff had saved his life on 19 occasions. Jailing Benbow for two years and five months, she said he had a "
Johnny Marr has released an extract from his memoir Set The Boy Free. He said he met with former band mate Morrissey in 2008. The pair discussed the possibility of re-forming The Smiths. But "the distrust remained" between the two and the idea never came to pass.
Gordon Strachan has asked McGhee to carry on in his national role. Motherwell sacked Ian Baraclough last month. McGhee was in charge at Fir Park for two years before leaving to join Aberdeen.
Almost 25% of the world's food is traded on international markets. This makes food supply and prices vulnerable to unforeseen crises or climate change. Infrastructure at chokepoints is often old and would struggle to cope with natural disasters.
Virgin East Coast, Northern Rail, and Cross Country services affected. Buses were organised to take passengers between Newcastle and Edinburgh. Services resumed late on Friday.
Tumours in the ovaries are hard to detect in the earliest stages. It can be too late to treat them effectively by the time they are found. Survival rate of up to 90% when ovarian cancer is caught early. Less than 30% if it is discovered in the later stages
England have scored 102 more points in the final quarter of matches than their opponents. Eddie Jones' men have scored more tries than anyone else in the Six Nations. Scotland haven't won in London for the first time in 34 years. Jones has been in ornery form this week
Nicholas Figueroa and Moises Lucon were on a date at the restaurant. Mr Figuera remembers only stumbling out of the restaurant before losing consciousness. A further 22 people were injured in the explosion and subsequent fire.
Dtek50 is the firm's second Android handset after switching focus away from its struggling BB10 platform. One analyst said the phone was the "right move" but that the company still faced an "uphill battle" with devices.
Antibiotic resistance in bacteria is controlled by naturally occurring genes. These genes are found on plasmids, small rings of DNA that are separate from chromosomes. Many people have organisms in their gut that contain these genes, but they do not affect a person until they take certain antibiotics.
Man in his 30s attacked in Wythenshawe, Greater Manchester Police said. He was taken to hospital but died from his injuries.
The scene from Alice in Wonderland was painted in Wardie Primary's assembly hall in 1936. Edinburgh City Council said it understands the offensiveness of the image but said it does not reflect the attitudes of the school. Council said it recently received full Heritage Lottery Funding to restore the work
The world number 45 took the first set but lost to the reigning US Open champion. Edmund, 21, impressed but Wawrinka broke serve at 3-2 in the second set and twice in the decider. The Swiss 31-year-old will play third seed Kei
MacLean has signed until May 2017, with a further one-year option. The 33-year-old has scored 11 goals in 23 games for St Johnstone this season. St Johnstone have sent two youth players on loan for the rest of the season.
Dolly was created from DNA taken from a cell taken from an sheep skin cell. Technique involved putting the DNA into an empty eggshell and then zapping it with electricity. It took 277 attempts to clone Dolly and there were many miscarriages on the way.
Mark McKenna, 38, from Northfleet, in Kent, pleaded guilty to arranging the commission of a child sex offence at Maidstone Crown Court last month. He was arrested near a car park at the Bluewater shopping centre in August. McKenna had thought he was meeting the girl after sending her
First of the attacks was near the Turkish border crossing. It is thought to be the first fighting in that area. Reports say 25 people were killed in the clashes, most of them IS fighters. Two US-led air strikes were carried out against IS positions in the east of Kobane
Construction was supposed to have started in the spring, but will now get under way in August. Bridge is expected to take 45 weeks to complete and open to the public in the summer of 2013. Funding has come from West Sussex County Council and Sustrans, which received a £50m
Ron Jones was captured in the Middle East during World War Two. He said he arrived at Auschwitz in October 1943 and never spoke about it. Mr Jones retired from collecting for the Royal British Legion Poppy Appeal in 2016.
Discovery was made by a man who was carrying out gardening work at his home. Preliminary examination indicated it may have been in the ground for 'up to 70 years' Police believe it was the skull of an adult aged between 18 and 40.
Manchester City and Manchester United will meet in the International Champions Cup. The two sides will meet at the Bird's Nest Stadium in Beijing on Monday, 25 July. Manchester United's pre-season tour will be much shorter than in recent years. Premier League leaders Leicester will play Barcelona and
Energy firm Aggreko reported a 24% drop in pre-tax profits for 2016. It reduced the valuation of its US assets by £30m, though it said there were signs of that market recovering. Aggreko intends to cut annual costs by £25m, starting in the second half
Alasdair Dudgeon, 51, was knocked off his bike in the early hours of the morning. He suffered a broken neck and internal injuries as he cycled to work at a bakery. James Sneddon, 42, was found guilty of causing Mr Dudgeon's death at
Ten Protestant workmen were killed when their minibus was ambushed in 1976. A file was passed to the PPS in August last year following the arrest of the suspect. Palm print found on a van used in the murders was believed to belong to him. However, on Thursday, the
Mysterious pictures of a clown and a balaclava-wearing sidekick cause stir in Carrickfergus. Police received reports from parents that their children were frightened of the clown. Mystery man, who calls himself the Carrick "Killer Clown", contacted police to
Russia and Turkey shaken by murder of diplomat Andrei Karlov in Ankara. Yet it has not prompted a new crisis in bilateral relations as some feared. Instead, Presidents Erdogan and Putin have used the same language, calling it "a provocation" Syria is the reason behind the warm words now,
The 8th Earl of Onslow, whose family rebuilt the house in the 1720s, has said it should remain a ruin. The Palladian mansion near Guildford was bequeathed to the NT in 1956 by the Onslow family. About 95% of the Grade I-
The majority of the political establishment have had to come to terms with the fact that most people ignored their advice to remain. Those who were most likely to vote to leave lived in communities where most EU money had been spent. It is an extraordinary paradox that raised eyebrows far further afield than Wales.
Os oes ganddoch chi awr i sbario y penwythnos yma Ionawr 28-30 mae Cymdeithas Gwarchod Adar RSPB Cymru eisiau eich help chi.
Alex Baptiste headed in Daniel Johnson's free-kick to give Preston first home win of the season. Norwich's Cameron Jerome hit the post with a volley moments after the goal and forced Chris Maxwell into a fine reflex save with the follow-up. Preston's unbeaten run extended
Cows died after eating tree clippings dumped in a field in Dolwen, near Old Colwyn. Post-mortem showed the cows died as a result of toxins found in yew and leylandii tree cuttings. North Wales Police said the culprit is described as a
Birmingham academies Park View and Nansen Primary will have funding agreements terminated. Oldknow Academy and Golden Hillock School, also rated inadequate, were warned they could lose funding unless concerns were addressed. Head teacher at one of the Trojan Horse schools said parents tried to undermine her authority and descended on
McLaughlin follows Danny Ward from Anfield to the Scottish Premiership. The 20-year-old joined Liverpool from Glenavon aged 16. He has yet to make his competitive debut for the Premier League side.
Dr Martin Thom was called to treat a man who had collapsed in the street. Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service was told the doctor had been shoved and punched before he hit out. He was previously fined Â£360 in court after admitting assault.
Boy, 15, arrested on suspicion of murder after stabbing in Harehills, Yorkshire. He was taken to hospital for treatment but died a short time later. West Yorkshire Police appealing for witnesses to the 'tragic incident' to come forward.
Spencer came out on top to win the cow bell trophy as he beat Louis Smith by almost one metre in the final jump. The Made in Chelsea star thanked fans for their support.
Fox has signed up to make a 'put pilot' of the Lethal Weapon movie. It will follow a similar storyline to the 1987 film. Mel Gibson and Danny Glover will not reprise their roles.
Sri Lanka bowled Australia out for 206 in reply to win by 82 runs. Faulkner finished with 3-45 as Sri Lanka made 288 in Colombo. Matthew Wade's 76 the top score for the tourists.
Security minister James Brokenshire set out the motion, which was passed unopposed. It will now be an offence to be a member of any of the groups in the UK. The list of banned groups includes ISIS, whose fighters have been involved in conflicts in Iraq and Syria.
Estonia was ruled by Denmark, the German knights of the Livonian Order, and Sweden. It became part of the Russian Empire in the 18th century. After only 20 years, it was incorporated into the Soviet Union in 1940. Since independence in 1991, it has become one of
Dumfries and Galloway Council has launched an online survey to assess what issues need to be addressed. A public consultation is also taking place at the Oasis Youth Centre. The move is part of a major schools modernisation project in the town.
Cardiff will appoint a head coach to look after the first team, with Slade overseeing scouting. Chief executive Ken Choo says the club feel it is necessary to have a change. Cardiff had targeted a place in the play-offs, and fell short as they recorded one win in
Pogmore was part of South Yorkshire Police Air Support Unit when aircraft was used. He admitted making recordings of people sunbathing nude and swinger friends having sex. Four other men were cleared of misconduct in a public office at Sheffield Crown Court.
Sinn Féin says it is aware of efforts to stymie inquiry into loan sale. No witnesses appeared at the hearing, which was held in private. Law Society is due to appear next Thursday. Nama Northern Ireland loan portfolio sold to US investment fund for more than £
Ignacio Echeverría, 39, was one of eight victims of the London Bridge attack. He reportedly tried to fight off terrorists with his skateboard to save a stabbed woman. Spain's government has deemed him worthy of the Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit.
The 38-year-old had enjoyed a fine opening round, briefly leading the Championship and finishing two under on his Open debut on Thursday. But on Friday seven bogeys, three double-bogeys and only two birdies left him nine over to bow out. American Jordan Spieth leads
The 39-year-old, from Ammanford in Carmarthenshire, revealed the news live on BBC One's The One Show on Thursday evening. It is Miss Jones' first child with partner Charlie Thomson and he was born in the morning of Sunday, 22 January, weighing 7lbs 11
Proposal would see visitors travelling under the bridge in a glass gondola before changing to a glass lift to ride to a platform on the top of the North tower. Humber Bridge Board said it hoped to submit a planning application by the end of the month. If approved the new centre
Our 12 days of Christmas news quizzes. This quiz is day seven and asks questions about the month of July 2016. Good luck!
Blair Turgott broke the deadlock from the spot with his 10th goal of the season in the 13th minute. Turgott's strike went in off the post, giving Torquay goalkeeper Brendan Moore no chance. Brett Williams' 36th-minute drive from close range hit
Harriet Harman launches Labour's women's manifesto at nursery in south London. Labour leader Ed Miliband says grandparents are a 'crucial part' of family life. New policy would allow grandparents to share in 18 weeks of unpaid parental leave. Currently parents can claim just four weeks unpaid leave
Sarah Tait was diagnosed with cervical cancer in 2013. Tait won silver with Kate Hornsey in the women's pair at London 2012. Glover describes Tait as an "incredible personality"
Richard III Society says play will be 'humiliating' to the last Plantagenet monarch. Shakespeare's play is critical of the king, calling him a 'poisonous bunch-back'd toad' The Cathedral has said the show will go ahead as planned in July.
Nick Bennett, group chief executive of Community Housing Cymru, chosen from four candidates. He will have legal powers to investigate complaints about public services in Wales.
European Space Propulsion (ESP) Limited blamed disappointing sales for going into liquidation. It operated from missile maker Thales UK's factory in Castlereagh, Northern Ireland. Former First Minister Peter Robinson had expressed delight company had selected Belfast.
Julian Savea scores a hat-trick as New Zealand thrash France. Brodie Retallick, Nehe Milner-Skudder and Jerome Kaino also score tries. New Zealand have now beaten France nine times in a row.
PerúSAT-1 can see features as small as 70cm. It features the vast Cuajone copper mine in the Andes, where 170,000 tonnes of metal are taken from the ground each year. The satellite is being operated by the Peruvian space agency, CONIDA
Ahmet Davutoglu says air strikes on IS positions close to Syria/Turkey border could "change the game" Nato to hold emergency meeting on Tuesday to discuss situation. Kurdish People's Protection Units (YPG) urges Turkey to stop attacks on Kurdish units inside Syria.
FOI request for West Ham's tenancy agreement with London Legacy Development Corporation (LLDC) LLDC had refused to reveal its rent on grounds of commercial sensitivity. Decision comes ahead of West Ham moving into the stadium for the start of the 2016-17 season.
Australian jockey tested positive for appetite suppressant Phentermine. Payne provided the sample at the Swan Hill Cup meeting in Victoria. Stewards in Australia will hold an inquiry on Thursday.
Astra Giurgiu go through 2-1 on aggregate after winning second leg 1-0 at London Stadium. Filipe Teixeira's first-half finish secured victory for the Romanian champions. West Ham manager Slaven Bilic says he will not lose faith in his players
World Mangrove Day is celebrated on Tuesday. Sri Lanka's president will open the world's first mangrove museum. The museum is a central pillar of a five-year programme to protect all of the island nation's mangroves. Mangroves store 1,000
Tom Rogic scored a stoppage-time winner in a 2-1 win at Hampden Park. Aberdeen finished runners-up to Celtic last season in the Scottish Premiership. The Dons also lost the League Cup final to Brendan Rodgers' side.
Mayor Boris Johnson's office estimates 724 employers in London have signed up. Those employers now have six months to implement the new pay level. Labour's mayoral candidate Sadiq Khan called in-work poverty 'a shameful blight on our city'
Pamela Geller is the co-founder of the American Freedom Defense Initiative (AFDI) AFDI is listed as an anti-Muslim group by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Ms Geller played a key role in organising a conference on cartoons of the Prophet Muhammad. She has been
Wurz retired as a racing driver this week and has been asked by owner Stephen Fitzpatrick to run the team. The Austrian would not say whether he would accept the role, which would be senior to the new one created for Ryan. Manor team boss John Booth and sporting director Graeme Low
Latin America is the world's most urbanised region, with eight out of 10 people living in cities. The richest 20% of the population on average earn 20 times more than the poorest 20%. Guatemala is the country with the widest disparity, and Venezuela the most equitable one.
An finished on 21 under par, six shots clear of Miguel Angel Jimenez and Thongchai Jaidee. The 23-year-old An's win is his first on one of the world's major tours. He was the youngest-ever winner of the US Amateur Championship in
Samir Hadji gave the hosts the lead on the stroke of half-time. Aberdeen dominated after the break but could not find the second. Fola Esch claimed their first-ever win in a European tie. Dons will face Latvian side Ventspils in
McGregor had been set for a rematch with Nate Diaz at the Las Vegas event in July. Dana White claimed McGregor was withdrawn from the card for refusing to fly to Las Vegas for a news conference and promotional photographs. The 27-year-old had claimed he was being asked to
Italian Vincenzo Nibali wins the 17th stage of the Tour of Italy. Defending champion held off Team Sky's Mikel Landa in a sprint finish in Bormio. Nibali's stage win takes him third in the overall standings, behind Dumoulin and
Allan Whittern ran the grocer's store in Suffolk Parade from 1932 until his death in 1982. Following its closure in 1991, the door was painted with his father's likeness. It was donated by his son to the Wilson Art Gallery and Museum in the town. The Cheltenham Trust
Foreign Secretary pulled out of long-planned trip to Moscow after US strike on Syria. Team Boris briefed journalists that he wanted to get G7 to agree new sanctions against Russia. But Mr Johnson entirely failed to persuade other countries to agree. Mr Johnson's own view of the Syrian conflict seems
James Comey will replace outgoing director Robert Mueller III, serving for 10 years. Mr Mueller took up his post shortly before the 9/11 attacks and is retiring on 4 September. President Obama praised Mr Comey as a model of "fierce independence and deep integrity" Mr Comey is known for
Coastal Revival Fund will give 14 coastal landmarks £700,000. Grants of up to £50,000 will be awarded to landmarks from Durham to Dorset. A disused lido in Morecambe, Lancashire, will become a venue for festivals. Herne
Russia says memory chips from downed Su-24 bomber were destroyed or badly damaged. Russia had hoped to prove plane never entered Turkish airspace, as claimed by Ankara. Su-24 was shot down by F-16 fighters on 24 November. Incident sparked a major bilateral crisis, with Russia
Northern Irish racer posted a lap of 123.650mph on his Classic Suzuki XR69. Michael Rutter, Ivan Lintin and Dean Harrison and James Hillier all posted laps in excess of 122mph. Practice will continue on Thursday, with the start of racing on Saturday.
Gillian Triggs told a senate committee that she had been asked to resign and offered a new role. The HRC released a report condemning the treatment of children in detention. Their report said that detaining children of asylum seekers violated international human rights law. Prime Minister Tony Abbott launched a scathing
Twin-to-twin transfusion syndrome (TTTS) occurs in 10-15% of identical twin pregnancies. One baby gets too much blood and the other baby does not get enough. St Michael's Hospital is joining other UK foetal medicine centres to set up registry.
King won team pursuit gold with GB at London 2012 and is a three-time world champion in the discipline. The 26-year-old represented England at the 2014 Commonwealth Games but is now based in Wales. King trains in Cardiff and is engaged to Welshman and former rider Matt Rowe, brother
Qandeel Baloch instigated a debate in Pakistan on whether choosing to defy family and societal norms symbolised women's empowerment or was cheap narcissism. In death, too, what police suspect is an honour killing carried out by her brother reflects a deeply divided country. On social media,
The INR hopes the list will prove that Auschwitz was not a Polish-run camp. It includes information about SS commanders and guards who worked at Auschwitz-Birkenau. The information was gathered from Poland, Germany, Austria and the US.
Muay Thai star is hoping to win a medal at the 2016 Rio Olympics. He initially experienced racial abuse, but explains to BBC Sport how he overcame that. After briefly considering representing France, he is now targeting a medal.
Last season's Premier League champions beaten by League One Millwall in FA Cup. Millwall win with a last-minute goal from Shaun Cummings, despite having a player sent off. Leicester face Sevilla in the Champions League last-16 first leg on Wednesday. Manager Claudio Ran
Crash happened at 23:00 GMT on Wednesday on Sheffield Road at Hoyland Common. The 85-year-old was taken to hospital where she later died. Three other people in the grey Ford Mondeo suffered minor injuries.
Sian O'Callaghan, 22, was last seen leaving Suju alone at about 0250 GMT. About 400 people took part in the search of Savernake Forest near Marlborough. A £20,000 reward to help find her has been offered by an anonymous donor.
More than 2,800 children are currently waiting to be diagnosed with autism. Health Minister Simon Hamilton said it was "unacceptable" He said waiting lists resulted from "huge pressure" on the system.
Navy bomb disposal team towed the device to a detonation site in the Solent. Some trains were halted and early ferries were delayed, following the find on Friday. Wightlink Ferries said services were now back on schedule and Portsmouth Harbour re-opened.
Labour and Plaid Cymru aim to form minority government, statement says. Talks follow first formal talks since Carwyn Jones and Leanne Wood were tied 29-29 in a Senedd vote. Labour fell short of a majority at the 5 May election and needs opposition support to govern
"Sometimes I wonder if this is 2016 or 1962," Mr Medvedev said. He cited Nato chief Jens Stoltenberg's speeches and films depicting Russia starting a nuclear war. The Cold War was a period of ideological confrontation between the former Soviet Union and Western countries.
Synalpheus pinkfloydi uses its large pink claw to create a noise so loud it can kill small fish. Team behind discovery vowed years ago if it ever found a new pink shrimp it would "honour" the rockers.
Harvard researchers have developed a bio-glue that sticks to wet surfaces. The glue is three times stronger than any other medical adhesive. It is as strong as the body's own cartilage and can seal a hole in a pig's heart. Experts say there will be "absolutely
Integrated Care 24 (IC24) runs non-emergency 111 and out-of-hours services in Norfolk and Wisbech. Interim report found deficiencies in call handling and a shortage of GPs. Staff said they had been asked to alter their records during unannounced inspections.
Joan Ostojic's daughters Katherine, 21, and Alice, 19, were on a boat. The boat carrying 25 people went down between Lombok and Komodo Islands. Travellers from New Zealand, Spain, France, Switzerland and the Netherlands were among those rescued.
Denbighshire council was granted permission to compulsorily purchase the former North Wales Hospital in Denbigh. Owner Freemont Ltd had opposed the compulsory purchase. The property is set for auction later this month.
McLaren have won 182 grands prix, at a win rate of 23.18%, 12 drivers' world championships, and eight constructors' titles. The slump started in 2013, when McLaren lost its way on chassis design. Now, the team seem to have got their mojo
Three purses had been left unattended at Sea Cadets base at Pocra Quay. Police say the suspect entered the building while visitors were in another part of the building and took the money.
Musicians including Elton John and Celine Dion have refused to perform at the event. But Mr Trump has claimed many celebrities have been requesting tickets for it. He tweeted: "Look what they did for Hillary, NOTHING. I want the PEOPLE!"
Millennium Time collided with tug Redoubt on the River Thames in July 2014. Marine Accident Investigation Branch said it was difficult to keep the boat on a steady heading. The report also said the man at the helm did not hold a boatmaster's licence. City Cruises
Joanne Thompson, 33, was found at her Old Mill Court home in Newtownards on Wednesday. Police want to hear from witnesses to any disturbance at a bonfire at Dakota Avenue in the town on Monday.
Lukasz Robert Pawlowski, 33, stabbed himself in January. He admitted possessing a knife and confirmed his earlier guilty plea to sexual assault. His case at Swansea Crown Court was adjourned for sentence until 6 March.
Voyage of Time, Nocturnal Animals and Les Beaux Jours d'Aranjuez will vie with 17 others for the Golden Lion. Also included as official selections are Pablo Larrain's Kennedy biopic, Jackie, and Ana Lily Amirpour's cannibal love story, The Bad B
President Museveni received nearly 61% of the votes, with Mr Besigye taking 35%. Foreign observers say the poll was conducted in an atmosphere of fear and intimidation. EU chief observer Eduard Kukan said the governing National Resistance Movement's "domination of the political landscape distorted the
Rhiannon Smith, 21, was involved in a collision on the A48 between Newport and Chepstow. The trainee teacher, from Llandevaud, has since died. Her family said she was "the life and soul of a party" and had ambitions to work
Schalk Burger and JP Pietersen score tries for South Africa. Bismarck du Plessis and Duane Vermeulen also go over for the Boks. Duncan Weir and Tommy Seymour score try apiece for Scotland. Handre Pollard kicked 17 points for the
Spain said in July that it would request eurozone support for its banks. The amount is broadly in line with market expectations of 60bn euros, and follows so-called stress tests of 14 Spanish lenders. Much of the money is expected to come from the eurozone rescue funds, the current EFS
Johanna Konta is the first British woman to reach the last four of a Grand Slam since Jo Durie in 1983. Konta's career has taken her from Sydney to Eastbourne - via Gijon, Texas and Barcelona. The 24-year-old is the
Liza Minnelli was due to give a talk at the London Palladium on 20 September. The 69-year-old was also due to appear at Sheffield City Hall, Sheffield. According to reports, the events were cancelled due to a dispute over money with their promoter.
Essex Police questioned a man originally from Tyneside but currently living in Spain. The man was not arrested but volunteered to be interviewed at a UK police station. Palmer was once described as Britain's richest criminal and thought to be worth £300m. He was found dead in
Sannah Javid, 26, was taken to King George Hospital on Tuesday. She died in the early hours of Wednesday. Post-mortem tests found the cause of death was multiple injuries. Detectives believe Ms Javid knew her attacker.
Pressure has mounted on tech giants to ensure internet is not a "safe space" for terrorists. Facebook and Google have been getting it in the neck for not doing more to remove far-right material. Theresa May and Emmanuel Macron committed to introducing fines if companies didn't remove hateful material
Philip and Brian Steele went to watch the match with their mother and father. They had tickets for the seated area above the Leppings Lane terraces. Brian Steele, 13 at the time of the 1989 tragedy, said he did not see 15-year-old Philip after the crush began
CNN.co.uk has teamed up with Sportsmail to bring you all the latest breaking news. Follow us on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts and Instagram @bbcnewsents.
Dean Cox terminated his contract with League One club Orient on 1 September. The 29-year-old cannot sign for another EFL club until January. Cox has already held talks with League Two side Crawley Town.
David Luiz has been linked with a move to Paris Saint-Germain from Chelsea. PSG will break the transfer record for a defender to secure the Brazilian's services. The 27-year-old joined the Blues from Benfica for £21.3m in January 2011
National Audit Office found at least £42m was given to Kids Company. Funding included £28m from Department for Education and its predecessors. Founder Camila Batmanghelidjh said an "extremely distorted picture" of charity was being painted. She said former staff
Michael Graydon, 29, went missing on 21 February after being asked to leave a nightclub. His body was found almost two weeks later on private land on the French Riviera. Coroner said he could only record an open conclusion as pathologist was unable to give a cause of death.
Hamilton has triumphed in all three races since retiring from Australian GP. He is four points behind his Mercedes team-mate in the drivers' standings. The two are effectively competing for wins only with each other at every race. Hamilton has out-qualified Rosberg in three of the
Julian Hernandez disappeared when he was five and is now 18. FBI received a tip that he may be the long-missing child. Bobby Hernandez, 53, was arrested and is being held at a jail in Ohio.
Forestry Commission Wales said it would explore the feasibility of transfer to the private sector case by case. Elin Jones said she plans to "compensate" the public by buying new land for new planting or management if any forest was sold off on a case-by-case basis.
Ofcom review found investment in drama has fallen by 44% since the last review in 2008. Spending on children's programmes has also fallen from £103m in 2008 to £88m in 2014. Ofcom warned broadcasters need to adapt as trend towards online viewing grows.
Lord Advocate appealed for calm following row between Kenny MacAskill and Aamer Anwar, the lawyer representing Mr Bayoh's family. MacAskill said he believed the outcome of the case would be a "tragic accident"
Tom Burnett, 12, from Hull is among 212 12-year-olds chosen to carry the torch. He was selected through the London 2012 Get Set Education programme. Alice Kaye, 17, from Scunthorpe, North Lincolnshire, will carry the flame in the relay.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange says he will release more details of CIA hacking tools. He says the agency could be causing "billions of dollars of damage" to the tech industry. US federal agencies have launched a criminal investigation into the release of the documents. Tech firms, including Google and
Ulsan is one of the most important shipyards in the world. More than 60,000 people are employed there, constructing a huge ship every four or five days. The yard stretches for 2.5 miles (4km) and is home to the Hyundai Heavy Industries company.
Mother-of-one Kimberley Jones, 25, was found dead at house in Aberdare, Wales. She was due to move into the house the following day, but was allowed to stay the night before. Tests on the fire showed the flue was ineffective allowing smoke to
Ian Drake is British Cycling's chief executive officer. He gives his top tips for how you can get involved in the sport.
In 2006, six healthy men were treated for organ failure after taking drug TGN1412. They had taken the drug in a clinical trial at Northwick Park Hospital in north London. Experts queued up to say the outcome of the trial had been unprecedented and exceptional. The MHRA
Third round of 5,300 Army redundancies to be set out in June. MoD says the cuts are necessary "to meet the challenges of the future" Campaigners say they create a "worrying" situation for Army families. Redundancy notices will be issued on 18 June
Mold-based Same but Different project has held exhibitions at the Senedd, Houses of Parliament and in 24 countries. It is showcasing the huge amount which can be achieved by adults with learning difficulties and children with complex needs. Everyone involved has a learning disability.
Portugal take an early lead through Nani but Jermaine Jones levelled the scores. Substitute Varela headed in a Cristiano Ronaldo cross after it appeared Clint Dempsey had sent the Americans through. A draw between Germany and USA will see both through, while Portugal must beat
Former Great Britain rower Emily Taylor made the allegations about Paul Thompson. Thompson is the chief coach of the GB women's rowing team. Taylor described him as a'massive bully' and said the team operated with a 'culture of fear' British Rowing said it was aware of
Stem cells were genetically engineered to produce and secrete toxins which kill brain tumours. Researchers said the next stage was to test the procedure in humans. Cancer-killing toxins have been used with great success in blood cancers. But they don't work as well in solid tumours
Sabah Saleem, 11, and Rayhan Rafique Rafique, 3, were hit by Mohammed Khalil Anwar's car in August 2012. Anwar, 37, failed to stop as he feared being attacked by local people, court heard. Sabah was left with "significant
Jack Sexty, 25, bounced non-stop on the spot for 10 hours 21 minutes. He beat his two American opponents and broke the previous record of 75,005. Bouncing just under two-and-a-half times a second, he was raising money for Alzheimer's Research
Plans for Green Park Station were put on hold two years ago. Reading Borough Council is set to re-submit planning proposals for the stop next year. The stop, by junction 11 of the M4 on the Reading to Basingstoke line, is expected to cost up to Â
1977 Ford Mustang last seen in Welwyn Garden City in 1995. The owner of the car died in August and when his daughter checked his garage, it was gone. Hertfordshire Police say they have exhausted all lines of inquiry and are waiting for new information.
Sunderland Ladies striker has scored 66 goals in 68 appearances in two-and-a-half seasons. The 19-year-old has won caps for England at U15, U17, U19 and U20 level. Mead scored a wonder goal at the recent U20
Diana Sacayan, a well-known activist for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender rights, was found dead in Buenos Aires on Tuesday. It is the third violent transgender death in the country in the past month. Latin America accounts for most transgender murders worldwide, rights groups say.
Bower has made 52 appearances for Warriors in all competitions since joining from Leicester Tigers in 2014. The 26-year-old's new contract at Sixways has not been disclosed.
Two other cats in Bro Dulas, Llanidloes, became unwell and were put to sleep. RSPCA chief inspector Phil Lewis said: "We don't know whether these incidents were accidental or deliberate or who may have done it"
Bournemouth striker has represented England at youth level since 2005. The 23-year-old has been included in a 27-man final squad for the Africa Cup of Nations. He is yet to receive official clearance from Fifa to play for the country of his parents. Afobe is
E4 is one of the most popular youth channels on television, reaching 8.7 million 16-34 year olds every month. Channel 4's regular schedule will be suspended from 07:00 BST, when polls open, to 19:00. It is believed to be the first time a
Gay rights campaigners from London raised thousands of pounds for miners in Dulais Valley. Despite scepticism on both sides, the characters break down preconceptions and strike an enduring friendship. Starring Bill Nighy, Dominic West and Imelda Staunton, the movie played to critical
Many of the dead were young boys who were in a trophy ceremony hit by the bomber. Video posted on social media showed the moment of the blast, as an official was speaking. FIFA President Gianni Infantino said he was "shocked" by what he described as a "traged
Red Sea resort development will be built along 125 miles (200km) of Saudi coastline. Visitors will be able to take trips to the ancient ruins of Madain Saleh, classified as a Unesco World Heritage site. Tourism project is part of a plan, known as Vision 2030
Citroën and dealer Robins and Day said there were no injuries. One lane of Small Heath Highway was closed while forensic investigations were carried out. Dealership could not confirm how many cars were hit or their value.
Lyndon Gooch's long-range dipping effort was saved by Chris Maxwell. Amari'i Bell fired into the side-netting for the hosts. Jimmy Ryan's 25-yard effort almost won the game.
UN committee on the rights of the child said all children should receive a "truly inclusive education" The committee is composed of 18 members drawn from countries including Bahrain, Spain, Italy and Ethiopia. It says that in Northern Ireland education, "segregation by religion persists" Abortion should
Pedestrian Olwyn Fulton died after being hit by a car in a shopping centre car park. A 66-year-old woman has been charged with causing death by careless driving. She has been bailed and will appear at Teesside Magistrates' Court on 7 June.
Original Sgt Pepper collage was doctored to replace faces of The Beatles with those of executives from the band's US label Capitol. The artwork is one of five Beatles album sleeves to feature in the top 10, compiled by Record Collector magazine. In second place, valued at are the first 10 numbered
Argentine Del Potro beats Switzerland's Stan Wawrinka 3-6 6-3 7-6 (7-2) 6-2 6-4. The 27-year-old is playing in his first Grand Slam since the Australian Open in 2014. Del Potro
Magnitude-4.8 quake struck at a depth of 15.5km (9.6 miles) 35km north of the city of Lucca. Quake was felt as far away as Milan and Florence, Italian media say. There were no immediate reports of injuries or damage.
Tourism NI said it expects a strategy to be in place by early next year. Janice Gault from the Hotels Federation said it was crucial for the industry. She said a "partnership" approach was essential.
Charlie Dunn, from Tamworth, died in hospital after being found submerged in the Blue Lagoon area at Bosworth Water Park in Leicestershire on 23 July. Lynsey Dunn, 28, and Paul Smith, 36, have been charged with manslaughter by gross negligence. They are also accused
Disney gave an insight into how they plan to use robotics and artificial intelligence. Company's senior vice president for research and development, Jon Snoddy, spoke to the BBC. He said Disney will do everything it can to hide the inner technological workings.
Glasgow lock Tim Swinson and wing Tommy Seymour sign new contracts. Both made their Scotland debuts in 2013 and have 56 senior international caps between them. Fellow Scotland internationals Stuart Hogg and Henry Pyrgos have already signed new deals. Dave Rennie will replace
The 30-year-old joined City for £13.8m from Celta Vigo last summer. He made 30 appearances, scoring six times. Half of those goals came in his first three games.
Hitler paintings can be sold under German law provided they do not display any Nazi symbols. A still-life of carnations, signed A Hitler, fetched £52,000 (72,000 euros) at the Nuremberg event.
Supporters claimed the London Legacy Development Corporation (LLDC) would subsidise rent, which it denied. The group made up of trusts from clubs including Arsenal said it was "disappointed" by the decision. Government said the deal had been "scrutinised" and "upheld
Stormont parties failed to pass the Welfare Reform Bill on Tuesday. Mrs Foster said failure to pass legislation meant there was a £600m hole in her budget. She is seeking a meeting with the Treasury in London early next week to assess her options.
Scotland lost their final warm-up Test 19-16 to France. Cotter believes the run-out in Paris will help his side in their World Cup opener against Japan. Scotland's attention now turns to the World Cup.
Shorewatch volunteers Walter Innes and Monika Carrie were about to head home. Mr Innes took his picture at 18:04 on Tuesday just outside the south breakwater at Aberdeen Harbour. He said: "We saw what we thought at first was a feeding frenzy, and went down
Gambian President Jammeh first seized power in 1994 but was re-elected in December. He has been criticised by international rights groups for suppressing any dissent. The Gambia has recently become a key transit point for cocaine trafficked from Latin America.
More than 50 firefighters tackled the fire at the timber-framed Tudor hall, which was built in 1540. Wythenshawe Hall was home to the Tatton family for about 400 years. It was donated to local people in 1926 and was previously run as a museum and
One of eight turbines on the Screggagh wind farm on Murley mountain collapsed.
Cyber-security company says blackout in December was linked to a power cut. Blackout affected one-fifth of Kiev's power consumption at that time of night. It was almost exactly one year after a much larger hack on a regional electricity distribution company. That was blamed on Russian security
Ennis-Hill won gold at London 2012 Olympics and silver four years later in Rio. The 31-year-old announced her retirement from the sport in October. Victoria Beckham made an OBE for services to fashion at the same ceremony.
Rupert Murdoch appoints two new Fox executives to run Fox News and Fox Business. Mr Abernethy will focus on finance, advertising sales and distribution, while Mr Shine will manage programming. Fox News plays a prominent role in US election coverage.
The court refused permission to Salvatore Girone to travel to Italy for Christmas. It also rejected Massimiliano Latorre's request to extend his stay in Italy by two more months. The marines were guarding an Italian oil tanker when they opened fire, killing two men off the Kerala
Fifty-thousand tweets were posted within hours of the news being confirmed in the early hours of Saturday morning. By 08:00 GMT more than 300,000 tweets using the hashtag #MuhammadAli had been posted.
Metropolitan Police's Department of Professional Standards deals with complaints against officers and staff. The corruption arm of the force has its origins in a drive against so-called "bent cops" In 2000, Neil Basu, who now heads Scotland Yard's organised crime and gangs command, was recruited into
Sadiq Khan writes to Theresa May calling for Gatwick to be expanded. 30 cross-party London MPs, council leaders and London Assembly members sign letter. Gatwick would be the "obvious choice" for the capital and Britain, it says.
Mr Parkinson will serve for four months and said there were "very important decisions" to be made in that time. He was elected with 571 votes, ahead of Michael Henderson and David Noakes with 184 and 109 votes respectively. A total of 883 (27%) of the 3,220 registered
The UK and Ireland are among the countries that can now sell beef to Canada. France and Germany - the EU's biggest producers - are also included. The EU Commission said it was a welcome move, as EU farmers "are going through a difficult period"
Brecon barracks has been home to troops who fought the Zulus at Rorke's Drift. Conservative MP Chris Davies condemned the closure of the barracks in Brecon. He said the decision shows a 'blatant lack of respect' for the town's history.
Twitter ban has drawn widespread criticism, including from Turkish President Abdullah Gul. Erdogan has frequently expressed his dislike of social media sites believing they are being used to attack him. He is also facing allegations of corruption and is embroiled in a feud with a former ally. Here's a look
Duke of Kent suffered the injury while at Balmoral. He was seen walking to a waiting car with the help of a walking stick. The 79-year-old suffered a "mild stroke" in 2013.
The Women into Sustainable Employment scheme aims to improve language and workplace skills. It is being piloted in Dundee and Glasgow and could be extended across Scotland. Minister for Youth and Women's Employment, Annabelle Ewing, said: "This course is aimed at precisely that group of women"
Of 184 inmates who escaped, 70 have been captured, with 114 still at large. Among those on the run is Brayan Bremer, who posted pictures of himself on social media. About 100 federal officers have been sent to Amazonas to boost the search. Governor Jose Melo
Williams signs for Mitsubishi Dynaboars in Division Two of the Japanese League. The 35-year-old wing announced his in February after he turned down Ospreys' offer to extend his playing career with the Welsh region to a 10th season. Williams is second in international rugby's
Fresnillo, which owns the world's biggest silver mine, was down 4.5%. Analysts blamed falling prices for gold and silver and adverse currency movements. In China iron ore prices fell to the lowest level in almost five years. BP was 2.59% higher
It is the eighth top Euromillions prize so far this year and the fourth this month. A £19.7m jackpot was shared by three tickets from the UK on 2 September. Friday's winning numbers were 5, 8, 14, 22, 32, and Lucky Stars 2
The man was held in Bayingolin prefecture, to the south of Urumqi. The other four suspects died in the attack, officials told Xinhua. Authorities have announced a one-year campaign against militant violence in Xinjiang. Xinjiang has seen a spate of attacks
The child's body was found in a river yards from his family's home at Milton of Drimmie. Paramedics battled to save the boy but they were unable to revive him. A study has identified a huge "survival gap" across Scotland's social classes.
Maxine Peake will star as Titania, Lucas will be Bottom and Elaine Paige returns to TV as Mistress Quince. Bernard Cribbins and Richard Wilson will also star in the adaptation as Snout and Starveling respectively. Russell T Davies said: "This is such an exciting
Phoebe Hanson, 8, wrote to Radio 4's PM asking how the "bongs" would be replaced. Big Ben is being repaired next year for a three-year £29m project. Roger Sawyer said he was "very much taken with your idea", but there could be
Adeyemi Olugbuyi, known as "Big Man", was last seen in September 2013. He had been involved in an altercation in Northamptonshire just after 08:00 BST on 13 September. Since then, he has not been in any contact with family or friends
David Brown became ill in Maghaberry Prison in December 2012. He died later in hospital from a brain haemorrhage. Prisoner Ombudsman said staff left him unattended for five minutes. Watchdog concluded the response of the Prison Service was 'inadequate'
Remains are believed to date to the medieval period, but could be Roman. Developers Westleigh plan to build 70 homes on Midland Road once dig is complete. They have obtained a licence from the Ministry of Justice to exhume remains.
Niqab debate came to a head during the 2015 Canadian elections. Zunera Ishaq, a Pakistani-born woman, challenged the Conservative government's law against wearing niqabs when swearing an oath to become a Canadian citizen. Newly elected Liberal Prime Minister Justin Trudeau opposed the appeal
Aoshima, off Ehime prefecture, has a population of over 120 cats. Originally brought in to deal with mice infesting fishing boats. The cats now eat scraps, crops or food given to them by tourists or locals.
Knightley and Righton wed in front of about 10 people in Mazan, Provence. Mayor Aime Navello said it was a'very moving experience for both of them' Knightley, 28, is the daughter of playwright Sharman Macdonald and actor Will Knight
Jeremy Corner is expected to say a 17% increase in Carer's Allowance would help one million. Labour leader said he believed it "would be a good thing to do" to help carers. Ministers say they will spend an extra £2bn on social care
Video footage showed the singer striking a photographer with his car in Los Angeles. Bieber's vehicle was travelling at an "extremely slow speed" when the collision took place. The pop star got out of the car and attempted to render aid to the injured man.
"The EU needs a complete overhaul," says Sueddeutsche Zeitung. Der Spiegel: "The populists are on the loose, and not just in Great Britain" El Mundo: "Fools can say with greater strength and certainty: 'Yes you can'" Poland's Gaz
Hallam Amos scored two tries for Newport Gwent Dragons. Hamish Watson scored a touchdown for Edinburgh. Dorian Jones kicked five points for the hosts.
Dominique Cottrez, 51, confessed to suffocating her children after giving birth secretly. She then buried the bodies in the garden of her parents' home and at her own home. The former nursing assistant had previously said she had a long incestuous relationship with her father.
Nick Abendanon, Napolioni Nalaga and Aurelien Rougerie score tries for Clermont Auvergne. Danny Cipriani kicked Sale's only points but two Camille Lopez penalties gave the hosts a 13-3 half-time lead.
John Swinney will address MSPs over a legal challenge to the Named Person Act. The system would appoint a named person to ensure the wellbeing of every child. Judges at the UK's highest court ruled against the scheme in July 2016. They said some proposals breached rights to privacy
Antoine Maury, 21, was last seen in Edinburgh on Monday 24 October. A man matching his description was seen near Duddingston Village. He was topless and heading towards Holyrood Park. Mr Maury is white and of medium build, about 6ft, with short
Creator Or Arbel told technology news site TechCrunch the app was having "security issues" Three college students said they had uncovered a flaw in the app. Similar problems have hit apps such as Snapchat and Tinder in the past few months.
Scotland's First Minister unveiled plans for a second referendum on independence. Support for independence has barely budged from the previous referendum. Many believe that Scots now have a far stronger sense of their country's distinct identity.
Snowdonia Giving asks businesses to press visitors for a small contribution. Launched six months ago, so far 28 companies have signed up. Nearly Â£3,500 in donations has been raised, with most going to a training programme.
Former National Security Adviser Susan Rice denies she or Obama used intelligence for political purposes. She was responding to reports she sought to "unmask" any Trump officials who cropped up in foreign surveillance reports. If that's where the story ends, then she was almost certainly legally exercising her powers.
Joyce was convicted of two counts of common assault against two boys, aged 14 and 15. Former Labour MP will be sentenced at Westminster Magistrates' Court on 27 May. The 54-year-old had claimed he was performing a "citizen's arrest" at News & Food Express
West Indies beat Australia by 74 runs to reach the final of the Cricket World Cup. Chris Gayle hit 75 not out as the Windies reached 205-4 in their 20 overs. Marlon Samuels (26) and Dwayne Bravo (37) added 65 off 25 balls for
Zaha grew up in England and won two caps for the Three Lions. But because they were in friendly games he is allowed to switch allegiance. Ivory Coast vice-president Malick Tohe says they expect Zaha's switch to be approved. Southgate has not ruled out the chance
Owen Smith said Ms Dugdale was doing a 'brilliant job' as Scottish Labour leader. But Mr Corbyn said he did not think anyone should be jeered during the debate. Comes as allies of Mr Corbyn dismissed claims they could seek to remove her as leader.
McManus opened the scoring for Morton on the quarter-hour mark. Ross Forbes and Denny Johnstone also on target for the hosts. Kyle McAusland pulled one back for Alloa before half-time.
European Union has lifted limits on how much milk farmers can produce. Four farmers tell us how they'll be affected by the changes. "It's likely that this will lead to a flood of milk and probably pull down the price even further" "The most efficient farms will survive the test
Khan beats Zac Goldsmith by 1,310,143 votes to 994,614 to become London's first Muslim mayor. Bolsters Jeremy Corner after Labour beaten into third in Scotland by the Tories. In Scotland, the SNP said it would form a minority government after winning
Director Nigel Allen will take on the chairmanship on an interim basis while new investors are sought. Clapham said his position had become 'untenable' following criticism. The decision followed on from the news that three directors, including Shrouder, would step aside in June.
A senior factory official died and more than 85 were injured, including two Japanese nationals, in the riot at the Manesar plant on Wednesday evening. Production is now halted and the gate is being guarded by policemen. Maruti, India's biggest car maker, has halted production at the factory.
Italy have finished bottom of the table 11 times in the Six Nations. Georgia and Romania have been pushing to be included in the top tier. But Owens believes that would be a premature move in the short to medium term. Six Nations chief executive John Feehan has said relegation will not be
Robbery took place in Glenarm and Ballygally in County Antrim on Sunday. Police believe the two incidents could be linked and are appealing for witnesses. No-one was injured in the incidents but both the man whose car was stolen and shop staff were left "very badly shaken
Duke and Duchess of Cambridge visited the Elbphilharmonie concert hall in Hamburg. Catherine took the baton to introduce 250 schoolchildren to Beethoven's fifth symphony. William and Catherine are due back in the UK on Friday evening after a five-day tour.
30,000 volunteers will go house-to-house to find people infected with Ebola. They will hand out soap and information on preventing infection. Sierra Leone is one of the countries worst hit by West Africa's Ebola outbreak. Bodies of eight missing health workers and journalists found in
Walz has an English father and a German mother, but grew up in Majorca, Spain. The 21-year-old was fifth with 250 metres remaining before powering through to win. Czech Republic's Josef Dostal took silver in 3:32.145, and Russia
Energy firm SSE had proposed reinforcing the existing line so it can carry more electricity. The National Grid said the upgrade was not needed as this time. SSE said the scheme, which was opposed by the National Trust for Scotland, could be proposed again.
Naz Shah shared graphic showing Israel's outline superimposed onto a map of US. It said relocating Israel would be a "solution to the Israel-Palestine conflict" Board of Deputies of British Jews said the comments were'simply appalling'
Brunon Kwiecien, 48, was convicted of planning a terrorist attack, illegal weapons possession and inciting two students to carry out an attack. He suggested he had been manipulated by Polish intelligence agents. Investigators believe he wanted to target parliament with four tonnes of explosives. Kwie
The Yongbyon site processes spent fuel from power stations. It has been the source of plutonium for North Korea's nuclear weapons programme. The reactor was shut down in 2007 but Pyongyang said last year that it was operational again.
Loren Davis was driving at 100km/h (62mph) when she hit the koala. She only discovered what had happened to the animal when she reached home. The koala only had minor abrasions and will be released into the wild soon.
Garry Monk has signed Swedish striker Andreas Antonsson from Kalmar. The 25-year-old is Leeds head coach Garry Monk's first signing since replacing Steve Evans. Antonsson scored 22 goals in 40 league games for Kalmar after signing from Halmstads in January.
Leahy, 24, scored 12 goals in 158 appearances for Falkirk. The left-back made 38 appearances last season, helping the club finish second. He joins Walsall on a free transfer after his contract expired.
Sierra Leone is declared Ebola-free after 42 days without a single case of the disease. Thousands of people took to the streets of the capital, Freetown, at the stroke of midnight. The outbreak killed almost 4,000 people in Sierra Leone over the past 18 months.
The man is reported to be of Spanish origin and a convert to Islam. BfV said the suspect, who now has German citizenship, had previously "behaved inconspicuously" There are an estimated 40,000 Islamists in Germany, including 9,200 Salafists.
Hong Kong's district elections are the first since last October's Umbrella Movement protests. Dr Kwong Po Yin, 29, an emergency room doctor, and Yau Wai Ching, 24, are members of Youngspiration political party. Both are running against older establishment politicians with more
Arsenal moved top of the Premier League on Saturday with a 3-0 win over Stoke. Chelsea beat West Brom 2-0 to return to the summit of the table. Hector Bellerin is a fabulous talent and earned his place in Arsene Wenger's team. Danny Welbeck
Justice Minister Christiane Taubira says words of hatred must be fought with 'utmost vigour' Dieudonne already has convictions for inciting anti-Semitism and the courts banned several one-man shows last year. If found guilty, he could face up to seven years in jail and
Language was spelled "langauge" in the original release, put out on Thursday. But it was corrected by officials after Twitter users ridiculed the error. A Home Office spokesman said: "This was a regrettable typographical error"
The stone got past the elephant's fence and a ditch separating the animal and visitors. The girl was taken to hospital and died within a few hours, the zoo said. Zoo statement said the enclosure met international standards and said "this kind of accident is rare"
An altercation broke out between two men inside a fast food outlet on Sunday. Police said the suspect is described being aged in his early 20s, of slim to medium build. He is also described as having cropped dark hair shaved on both sides.
IFG says introduction of 15 new bills before the UK exits the EU will leave little time for other legislation. New laws will place "a huge burden" on Parliament and government departments, think tank says. The attitude of the SNP may also affect the passage of the laws, it adds.
Tottenham defender Kyle Walker appeared to push Raheem Sterling in the back. Referee Andre Marriner did not spot the incident, which led to a 2-2 draw. Toure said: "If you have a bit of experience like me, you'd maybe dive"
Ex-Pontypridd MP says Labour must have a 'radical analysis' of society. Party won 232 seats in the general election, down from 258 in 2010. In Wales, the party won 25 out of 40 seats, but had expected to win 26 seats. Mr Howells
Solomona will be available for England later this year. The 23-year-old has played in England for the past 36 months. He left rugby league to join Sale Sharks in December.
HMICS report delivered a damning indictment on Police Scotland's call-handling. Derek Penman said the oversight of the project was inadequate and made 30 recommendations. Justice Secretary Michael Matheson said the report included some "hard messages" for the force. Police Scotland admitted they did
Born in 1944, Herbert Howe became a hairdressing apprentice in Liverpool's Old Swan area. He became the youngest-ever Guild master hairdresser at the age of 28. Later in life he took to the stage as a pantomime dame, for which he was "
Hundreds of people have gone to hospital complaining of breathing difficulties and skin problems. People in the capital San Jose say layers of ash have coated buildings and cars. Costa Rica is home to dozens of volcanoes, but most of them are dormant.
Exeter defender Butterfield has not played for the club since the end of February. The 36-year-old took up a coaching role at St James Park last year. Butterfield spent eight years at Crystal Palace, where he scored a hat-trick in 2010.
Restaurant began serving puppy platters after a new law was introduced allowing dogs to eat at restaurants - as long as they were outdoors.
Health Secretary Shona Robison announces £20m in funding for GPs' conference. Move comes after BMA warned GPs were becoming 'increasingly burnt-out' by pressures. BMA's Scottish GP Committee chair Dr Alan McDevitt said more needed to be done.
Hilary won the Theakstons Old Peculier Crime Novel of the Year Award in Harrogate. The accolades were handed out at the start of the town's annual crime writing festival. US author Sara Paretsky, who created detective VI Warshawski
Craig Stillwell was arrested at Stoke Mandeville Hospital after baby Effie collapsed. He was accused of causing grievous bodily harm and taken into custody. Tests revealed she had Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type IV (EDS), which causes 'easy bruising' Effie
Malka Leifer, former principal of a Jewish girls' school in Melbourne, fled to Israel in 2008. Ms Leifer allegedly raped and indecently assaulted girls at the Adass Israel School in Melbourne. Extradition hearings have been delayed for two years so far. A judge
Paraglider airlifted off Slieve Gullion, Northern Ireland. Rescue team had been training in Annalong Valley when emergency call came at 13:43 GMT. Mourne Mountain Rescue Team said the man had a "serious leg injury" and was taken to
Asda, Tesco, Sainsbury's and Morrisons selling generic school uniform for less than Â5 each. But rising cotton and wool prices mean it is unlikely uniform prices can fall any further. Average price of a standard uniform has fallen by almost 21% since 2004.
Contracting out represents 15% of all public spending and 5% of UK GDP, says NAO. G4S, Serco, Atos, Capita and G4S all make an operating margin on government work in the ballpark of 5%. The NAO notes that from 1
Spaniard Garcia shot a two-under 70 on Friday, leaving him eight under par overall. Sweden's Stenson, the 2016 winner, carded a three-under 69 in his second round. The pair are a shot behind Swede Joakim Lagergren and France
Nasa is calling an end to 12 years of exploration and discovery at Saturn because the probe's propellant tanks are all but empty. Saturday's flyby swept the probe into an orbit that takes it in between the planet's rings and its atmosphere. This gives the satellite the chance finally to
Hillary Clinton made clear she's looking to appeal to a broad centre in the general election. Mrs. Clinton presented herself as the real defender of American values and a commander-in-chief. She is clearly making a play for independent and Republican voters who are concerned about Mr Trump's erratic foreign
Hasbro approached Mattel about a deal late last year, according to Bloomberg. Combination of the two toy-makers would produce a company with a $20bn market capitalization. Mattel made a $5.2bn offer to buy Hasbro in 1996, but the two sides failed
Cheshire TB Eradication Group set up after rise in cases from 30 in 2005 to 116 in 2012. Chester farmer Richard Fair said the county was the 'final frontier' to stop disease travelling north. Wildlife groups have been campaigning to stop culls of badgers, which spread
Octopuses are a delicacy on the island of Zanzibar's east coast. During a single low tide a skilled hunter can spear more than 10 of the slimy invertebrates. The catch is highly prized by the island's tourist hotels and provides an important source of protein
Rurik Jutting murdered Sumarti Ningsih, 23, and Seneng Mujiasih, 26, in Hong Kong. Jutting's IQ is 137 - putting him in the top 1% of the population, according to experts. He was diagnosed with four
Third Energy wants to frack a well at a site near the village of Kirby Misperton. Campaigners say approval would set a "dangerous precedent" for fracking elsewhere. Company says its operations are no risk to people or the environment. Fracking involves injecting water, sand and
Two of the rebels were killed and eight seized after the incident in Valencia. Venezuela has seen four months of violent anti-government protests, and almost 130 people have died in clashes. The suspects are a 38-year-old former captain, Juan Carlos Caguaripano Scott
The marketing body will be developed by the Agri-Food Strategy Board (AFSB) Agriculture Minister Michelle O'Neill welcomed the announcement. She said the plans could have "implications for the work of other organisations"
Featherstone became the first team in reach the quarter-finals. Ben Heaton's try put Halifax ahead before John Davies and Scott Turner went over. Anthony Thackeray kicked his second drop goal of the night and Josh Hardcastle's try made the game safe.
Republicans ambushed a mini-bus carrying the men at Kingsmill in 1976. They were murdered after checking what religion they were. Senior coroner John Leckey is retiring this year and told a preliminary hearing of the inquest in Belfast that no replacement has been appointed.
Watchdog assessed Birmingham City Council's services between January 16 and February 9. Inspectors said parents told them new services, brought in over the past 18 months, were "making a difference" Council welcomed the report, but said it was "identifying areas where can do better"
House of Lords to debate impact of immigration policy on UK higher education. Coalition has pledged to restrict the level of annual net migration to "tens of thousands" Since last year, all institutions which want to sponsor non-EU students for a visa must be accredited as "highly trusted"
Dick Pound says he "can't think of anyone better" than Lord Coe to lead the IAAF. Coe, 59, became IAAF president last August after eight years as a vice-president. The IAAF has been accused of helping cover up systematic doping in Russia.
NHS England said the 16-year-old would be moved on Saturday night. She had been held in a cell since Thursday because, he said, no beds were available anywhere in the UK. The girl was arrested at Torbay Hospital on Thursday after a breach of the peace.
Thai police said the event could have affected relations between the two countries. HRW report focuses on the treatment of a Christian group in Vietnam. Thai authorities have launched a crackdown on critics since the military seized power last year.
Archaeological salvage operation under way at the former home of the Duke of Cambridge. Carvings were discovered in the charred remains of the mansion. Mansion's contents have been removed and charred timbers lifted out by crane.
2004 BL86 is 325m across, and its moon is around 70m wide. Asteroid won't come this close again for another 200 years.
Christian Englander will now face trial, with jury selection scheduled for 23 September. Each charge carries a maximum jail term of six months and a possible $500 fine. Police said Englander had acknowledged throwing the peel after he was offended by jokes Chappelle made about a friend.
The 34-year-old was in intensive care in a Swiss hospital. An MRI scan detected bleeding on the brain. His mount Boomerang Bob was brought down and fatally injured in the race.
Stephen Kinnock is one of the better-known among the 2015 intake of MPs. But he has to wait for behind-the-scenes negotiations to conclude before he can be allocated a permanent office at Westminster. Craig Williams held off a Labour challenge to hold Cardiff North for the Conservatives.
Dennis Rodman met with North Korea's sports minister this week. He took along gifts for the country's authoritarian leader, Kim Jong-un. Gift one was President Donald Trump's 1987 ghostwritten bestseller The Art of the Deal.
Steven Tolley, 48, from Tiverton, was airlifted to Derriford Hospital but died on Monday. He was one of three men injured while working on the northbound carriageway of the A361. Driver arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving and bailed until
The call came in at 12:42 EST (17:42 GMT) and firefighters were on the scene in less than four minutes. The rescued men identified as Juan Lopez, who has been a window cleaner for five years, and Juan Lizama, who's been on the job for 14 years
Jordan Edwards, 15, died after being shot in the back of the head. Police initially said the car reversed "aggressively" towards the officer. Chief Jonathan Haber said he "misspoke" and the car was driving away. Officer Roy Oliver has been fired violating several department policies
The honorary doctorate was presented at a special ceremony in London. Presentation was made by the university's chancellor in front of an invited audience. Minogue said: "I'm honoured and I'm shocked to receive this degree. You start working in the entertainment industry and you don't really
Uche Ikpeazu gave the Us the perfect start, netting in the seventh minute with a deflected shot that wrong-footed goalkeeper Russell Griffiths. Luke Berry found the net 11 minutes after the interval, planting an unchallenged header past Griffiths after Greg Taylor's cross from
He is best known for his bilingual variety show, Trom agus Éadrom. Mr Ó Murchú stood as a Fianna Fáil candidate in Cork North Central in 1982. He left RTÉ in 1988 to set up his own production company.
Michelle O'Neill hosted a departmental breakfast at the Balmoral Show on Thursday. Chinese inspectors visited Northern Ireland pork plants in April as part of a process to approve local pork for export. She said she was also hoping to agree access to Chinese markets for beef and chicken.
Lorenz SZ42 is on loan to the National Museum of Computing at Bletchley Park. Messages from the machine were routinely intercepted during World War Two. It was used by German forces in Norway and seized by the Norwegian secret services. The model has a number of inner
Mancini said a fully-fit Tevez could wear the sky blue shirt again. Tevez remains at City after interest from AC Milan, Inter Milan and PSG failed to turn into a transfer. Owen Hargreaves remains available but has struggled to gain any consistent form.
Journalists suspected of links to US-based cleric Fethullah Gulen, accused of plotting coup. Cumhuriyet is one of the last few remaining opposition papers in Turkey. Arrest warrants issued for over a dozen of the paper's executives. Turkey is currently under a
Thailand's Aphibarnrat moved a shot ahead after a 40-foot breaking birdie putt at 14. Fitzpatrick picked up his fourth birdie at 15 to join the Thai at 12 under. England's Luke Donald carded six birdies in nine holes in a 65
Three masked men, two armed with handguns, forced their way into the property. They threatened the women, aged 81, 49, and 25, and tied up the 49-year-old. The gang left in a small silver vehicle with a substantial sum of cash.
120 people have been rescued from the ruins of Christchurch, mayor says. Up to 30 people feared still trapped inside the razed Pyne Gould Guinness building. Queen Elizabeth II says she is "utterly shocked" by the news. Epicentre of quake was 10km (6.
Physicists in the US have developed a new way to make ultra-pure silicon-28. They can do it in the lab instead of relying on samples made in a Russian plutonium plant. This will solve a serious supply problem in quantum computing research. Quantum computers promise to usher
Saints lost 3-0 to Everton in the Premier League on Monday night. Stephens made his league debut in the defeat at Goodison Park. The 22-year-old says Saints will bounce back after difficult Christmas period. "We just need that little bit of extra luck,
Kleptomaniac Theo, from Ipswich, first hit the headlines in 2013 for stealing Christmas decorations. Rachael Drouet created a leaflet for her neighbours in a bid to reunite the stolen items with their rightful owners. The five-year-old Siamese
Castleford had been top of Super League before the game. Wigan's draw with Huddersfield means they fall to second in the table. Luke Gale put Tigers ahead, grounding a loose ball after Salford failed to handle a high kick. Ben Murdoch-Masila's try
The engineering firm says the expansion will eventually bring 3,000 new jobs to Malmesbury. The expansion is expected to be the largest in the firm's 20-year history. A spokesperson for Dyson said the decision was just one part of a number of stages.
Odair Fortes put Cape Verde ahead before Admilson Gege doubled their lead after the break. The hosts also had defender Andre Pinto sent off after an hour. Portugal are top of their qualifying group for Euro 2016 but rested Ronaldo.
Big compromise announced will be composition and remit of panel which will assess operational case for powers. Panel have to report by the time bill reaches committee stage in the House of Lords. Further compromise may well emerge on the issue of keeping internet connection records. Protection of journalists and their sources
Donald Trump wants to build a wall along the 1,989 mile border with Mexico. He says Mexico would have to pay for it or else Mexicans in the US would not be able to send money home. Mexico's former president Vicente Fox Quesada: "How can any human being
Zander Fagerson, Luke McGrath and Taqele Naiyaravoro scored tries for Glasgow Warriors. Leinster's Fergus McFadden kicked three penalties for the visitors. McFadden and Duncan Weir kicked two penalties apiece for Leinster.
Tibet topped the list of places that has experienced an increase in water. Mining and dam construction in the Tibetan plateau have fuelled concerns in downstream countries. Water-related disasters can cause human and property losses downstream in Bhutan, Nepal, India and Bangladesh. In the past 80
Citizens Advice said hidden charges such as line rental and delivery costs could add Â£20 a month to advertised price. Trade body for internet service providers, ISPA, said broadband prices were "clearly presented" Ofcom concluded that the UK has one of the most competitive broadband markets
Jo Potter's curling free-kick put Birmingham City ahead shortly after half-time. Chelsea were unable to respond and defeat ends their hopes of winning a domestic treble. Birmingham are unbeaten in their last six games in all competitions and have won seven of their last nine.
Phage therapy could be 'trans transformative for human health' Scientists have identified a range of viruses that can be used to kill pig infections. Aim is to reduce the risk of antibiotic resistant bacteria emerging on farms that could also infect humans. If trials in pigs work, the new therapy could
Briton beats Switzerland's Stanislas Wawrinka 6-4 6-2 to top John McEnroe Group. Murray extends his winning streak to 22 matches and goes on to face Milos Raonic. Marin Cilic defeats Kei Nishikori 3-6 6
Novak Djokovic faces Andy Murray in Sunday's French Open final at Roland Garros. Djokovic leads the head-to-head 23-10 and has 11 major titles to Murray's two. Murray won the US Open in 2012 and Wimbledon in 2013 and is bidding
Plymouth Argyle striker Goodwillie has signed a one-year deal with the League Two club. The 27-year-old won the last of his three international caps five years ago against Spain. Goodwillie spent the final part of last season at Derek Adams' former
Carissa, 11, has become the youngest ever chess master in the US. So how did she get so good? The BBC went to meet her to find out.
Allison Schmitt, Leah Smith, Maya Dirado and Ledecky won in a time of seven minutes 43.03 seconds. Ledecker has now won four Olympic gold medals during her career. Her first Olympic gold came when she won the 800m title as a 15-year-
Kostadin Kostov, 42, is accused of murdering 38-year-old Gergana Prodanova. She was reported missing on 8 August by work colleagues when she failed to turn up for work. Devon and Cornwall Police said around 30 officers are conducting house-to
Left-wing MP is holding rallies in Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh and Glasgow. Opponents include Andy Burnham, Yvette Cooper and Liz Kendall. Scottish Labour Party is also in the process of choosing a new leader.
Sudan qualify automatically for the second round as they try to reach the finals in Zambia next year. The decision can be contested with the Caf's Appeal Board within three days of being notified.
John Akinde broke the deadlock on 57 minutes with the Bees' first shot on target after the visitors broke quickly from a loose Mitch Rose pass. Mansfield had the best of a first half short on real chances in which home goalkeeper Scott Shearer did not have a save to make.
Matt Groening said he based the town on Springfield, Oregon, but knew it would be popular. The Simpsons is the longest-running animation on US TV, on air since 1989. There are thought to be 34 towns or cities called Springfield in the US.
Belfast airport boss criticises Tourism Ireland in strongly-worded letter. Graham Keddie also told Mr Kenny that the vote was not an "a la carte" exercise. He said different parts of the UK cannot remain in the EU and do "solo runs"
Jamie Rudling, 28, repeatedly raped one victim, between 2003 and 2011. He also raped a 22-year-old woman while she was asleep, in Argyll in 2014. Rundling was jailed for a minimum of three years and six months. Judge Lady Carmichael told him
Madrid's Manuela Carmena, Valencia's Joan Ribo and Barcelona's Ada Colau are new mayors. They say they want to redefine politicians' roles, becoming unalloyed conduits for popular will and participation. Spain's leading anti-austerity party Podemos
Polish national Daria Pionko, 21, was found in Holbeck at about 01:30 GMT on Wednesday. She was taken to hospital for treatment, but died a short time later. A 38-year-old man has been arrested in connection with the incident.
India's annual growth for the year 2014-15 was 7.3%, up from 7.5% in 2013-14. It means the country has outpaced China's economic expansion for two quarters out of the last three. Economists warn the data needs to be treated with caution since changes
Jacqueline Oakes, 51, was battered to death at her Birmingham home in 2014. West Midlands Police said it agreed with the findings on its employees. In all, the actions of 40 staff were examined by the IPCC - "one of the biggest investigations" it has carried out.
Ministry of Justice said the prison had "addressed a number of concerns" The Prison Officers' Association (POA) said management must "get a grip" A disturbance at the Category C prison near Devizes last year saw 130 inmates transferred to nearby jails after two wings were put "out
Boko Haram captured more than 200 girls during a raid on their boarding school. President Jonathan had been widely criticised for failing to meet distraught parents. #BringBackOurGirls was a global campaign launched on social media to secure the release of the girls.
David Craig Ellis, 41, admitted killing Alec Warburton, 59, at a house in Sketty, Swansea. Mr Ellis said he was unemployed when he moved into the house in May last year. He told Swansea Crown Court he could not afford the full month's rent.
Andy Carroll has not played for England since October 2012. The 27-year-old has scored seven Premier League goals this season. Hodgson will name his 23-man squad for this summer's tournament on 12 May.
Pembrokeshire council voted to cut the outdoor pool's Â£1,000 annual budget. But the town's Astoria nightclub and the Church at Nantucket donated the money. Members of the Milford Haven Ladies Circle also offered to prepare the pool.
White House says it is 'gravely concerned for their health and safety' About 50,000 Yazidis are thought to have been trapped in the mountains after fleeing the town of Sinjar. About 100,000 people are believed to be fleeing toward the autonomous Kurdistan Region. Pope Francis has
Jade Ali, 28, said she had been 'left in the dark' about the search for partner Christopher Huxtable. He is one of three men believed to be trapped under the debris of the power station. Health and Safety Executive said its priority was to recover bodies from the rubble
The Hippodrome is the brainchild of artist Paula Tod, and her husband Ian. The first theatre performance will tell the story of Eyemouth's whaling pioneers in the South Atlantic. All of the programme details should soon be available on a website and Facebook.
Actor Lee Ingleby, who is starring in BBC One's Our Zoo, takes over from Neil Morrissey. Downton Abbey's Joanne Froggatt will play Bob's business partner Wendy. Inbetweeners star Blake Harrison voices the digger Scoop.
In 2015, there were 412 district nurses in Wales, down 42% from 712 in 2009, figures show. Royal College of Nursing said it was placing pressure on GP surgeries and emergency departments. Welsh Government said overall number of nurses providing community services had increased.
Friends and family of Yassar Yaqub laid flowers and displayed a banner in his memory. Traffic on the motorway slowed as about 100 people, including the dead man's parents, gathered near the site to lay flowers and light candles. Balloons were released into the night sky
Edwards becomes Solihull's fifth signing this week. The 27-year-old can play in defence or midfield. Shep Murombedzi has agreed a new one-year deal with the National League side.
Sunday's bombings of two churches in the Youhanabad area left 17 people dead and more than 70 wounded. Two days of rioting by Christians followed, with two men lynched. A reported 5,000 police and paramilitary rangers deployed on Tuesday to try to prevent further rioting.
Yorkshire crowned county champions for second year in a row. Mark Stoneman top scored with 62 and Scott Borthwick unbeaten on 56. Luke Wood (65) and Steven Mullaney (63) shared an eighth-wicket stand of 92. Notts slumped to 73-
Scientists have calculated how much water is stored in the top 2km of the Earth's surface. This is referred to as "modern" groundwater, which is quickly renewed on the scale of human lifetimes. But it is also the most sensitive to climate change and to human contamination. Study
No 10 said: "We don't accept threats have been made"
Everton beat West Brom 3-2 at the Hawthorns. Saido Berahino, Craig Dawson and Arouna Kone scored for Baggies. Romelu Lukaku scored twice for the Toffees.
England's win over South Africa on Sunday secured the Twenty20 series. The game was officially sold out, as were England's two ICC Champions Trophy matches at the SSE Swalec Stadium. Glamorgan have forecast an operating profit for 2017 on the back of five days of international cricket
Grand Slam of Darts is only major televised event in darts' rival organisations. Players from British Darts Organisation and PDC compete against each other in Wolverhampton. World number one Michael van Gerwen, world champion Gary Anderson and Phil Taylor safely through. Defending champion Phil Taylor
Cost of borrowing will remain unchanged at 6.25% ahead of possible increase in US interest rates. RBI held its first press conference since new bank notes were introduced. BBC was one of several media organisations prevented from attending the briefing. The central bank blamed a decision to move the press conference
Martin O'Neill named a 37-strong panel for the three matches a fortnight ago. The Republic will return after the game in the USA for two games at the Aviva Stadium, including the crucial qualifier with Austria. Burnley defender Kevin Long and Preston midfielder Alan Browne could make their Republic debuts
Incident happened off the north Sinai town of Rafah, which neighbours the Gaza Strip. Egyptian officials said coastguard vessel caught fire after a fire-fight with militants on the shore. Army said there were no casualties, contradicting the militants' claim. Follows a wave of
Sir Philip, owner of clothing retailer Arcadia Group, will examine expenditure from the past three years to try to identify potential savings. His conclusions will inform the wider Spending Review due in October. He owns more than 2,000 shops in the UK, including BHS and Topshop.
Dominic Solanke scored the winner shortly after the interval. England played the last 17 minutes with 10 men after Josh Onomah was sent off. Italy beat Zambia 3-2 after extra time and will face England in Jeonju on Thursday. Uruguay take on Venezuela
Kyle Abbott is expected to make his debut for Worcestershire on Friday. Matt Henry has extended his stay at New Road until the early part of July. Abbott played for Hampshire when they gained promotion from Division Two in 2014.
Belfast flyweight Brendan Irvine is also through to the quarter-finals. The Rio Olympian beat Turkish opponent Bathuhan Citfci on a unanimous 5-0 decision to advance to the last eight.
Less than a third of people are aware of what pharmacists can offer. Pharmacy Voice, which represents the industry, is launching a drive to change perceptions. It is running a two-year promotional campaign, Dispensing Health, to promote what the UK's 13,000 community pharmacies
Nine children were treated at the scene - at least one was taken to hospital. South Western Ambulance Service said its paramedics treated three of the children. Some children may have been treated by the carnival's own medical staff.
C's life had revolved around "her looks, men, material possessions and living the high life", the judgement said. She had had four marriages and several affairs and "spent the money of her husbands and lovers recklessly before moving on when things got difficult or the money ran out"
Alexandra North beat 150 applicants to land £24,000-a-year role with Suffolk Wildlife Trust. She will start work as Ipswich's dedicated hedgehog officer next month. Almost 12,000 hedgehogs, dead and alive, have been recorded in Suffolk over past two years
The four soldiers were from the 1st Battalion The Mercian Regiment (Cheshire) All four died after the crash in Helmand on 23 June, 2010. The collision forced their vehicle onto two wheels, before rolling into the Nahr-e Bughra canal. Inquest
Ethiopian PM Hailemariam Desalegn blames "evil forces" for the deaths. Police fired tear gas to disperse protesters angered at their handling of Sunday's event. Crowds took to the streets in Ambo, Guder, Bule Hora and other towns in the
Matt Shepherd scored 15 points for the Duchy to end a run of two successive final defeats by the Red Rose county. Shepherd's converted try and penalty saw Cornwall to a 10-6 half-time lead. Evan Stewart's late try for Lancashire ensured a nervy finish
Matthew Daley, 35, killed Donald Lock, 79, on the A24 in Findon, near Worthing. He was convicted of manslaughter after he admitted stabbing Mr Lock to death. Daley was told he would initially serve his time in a secure mental hospital. Sussex Partnership NHS
South Africa notified the UN of its intention to leave last October. The opposition Democratic Alliance argued in court that the government had to first seek parliamentary approval. It may not be the end of the government's bid to leave The Hague-based court.
Valerie Cadogan was cycling with her husband when she struck the pothole. She was airlifted to Bristol's Frenchay Hospital after the incident but died the next day. Council workers were called to the area within hours to fill in potholes in April this year.
Steve McClaren has been sacked as manager of Newcastle United. Former England boss won just six of 28 Premier League games in charge of Magpies. McClaren and his team were booed off following Saturday's 3-1 loss to Bournemouth. The 54-year-
UK referendum result means UK will need to renegotiate its trade relationship with the EU. Without unrestricted access to the EU, London's big finance firms could move operations outside UK. Deutsche Bank chief: "The financial centre won't die, but it will get weaker"
TUV welcomes court's decision to grant a declaration of incompatibility. Stormont will now be on the Stormont to come up with new abortion legislation. "Precious Life have been fighting this battle for 18 years," says TUV.
Man, 65, was walking in woods near Buchen when he encountered the female African elephant. The 34-year-old elephant was later captured and returned to the circus. Police are now investigating how the elephant got out of its enclosure.
Levada Centre cannot conduct any work linked to the election campaign. Its director, Lev Gudkov, said the move amounted to "political censorship" Laws require all NGOs receiving overseas funding to register as foreign agents.
Mr Davies said it would be 'hugely challenging' given current 'anti-establishment thinking' He said there was 'no great warmth or affection' towards the Welsh assembly. Plaid Cymru leader Leanne Wood said EU result should not be read as vote to centralise power.
Mother of four from town near Barcelona says it could have been any of her children. She cut flowers from her garden and laid them on the Ramblas to show solidarity with victims. Human rights activists Luca Gervasoni Avila and Josep Maria Royo also turned up
List compiled by 144 DJs, critics and writers. Includes Alessia Cara, Frances, Jack Garratt, Dua Lipa and Section Boyz. Last year's victors were pop trio Years and Years, with previous winners including Adele, Sam Smith and Haim.
Man, 40, arrested on suspicion of breaking laws protecting endangered species. Items found include tiger's head, monkey skulls, reptiles and stuffed birds of prey. Follows seizure by UK Border Force of chameleon preserved in formaldehyde at Heathrow.
Bilel A, 26, arrested on suspicion of benefit fraud as police do not have enough evidence. Police believe he was either involved in planning the attack or at least knew about it. Suspect's home in an asylum shelter had been searched and communication devices taken away for analysis.
The Rev Margaret McPhee made the comment at a carol service in Stalham, Norfolk. A parent on Facebook said she had "spoiled the magic" of Christmas. Archdeacon of Norwich said she apologised for any distress her comments may have caused.
The Fire and Rescue Service received a call just before 08:30 GMT on Thursday. Fire crews arrived at the house in Drumgay Close, in the Kilmacormick area. They wore breathing apparatus and used thermal imaging cameras to locate the occupant.
Jolie received a standing ovation as she picked up the honorary Heart of Sarajevo award. She presented the festival's best actor award to Thomas Schubert who starred in Atman. Romanian leading lady Ada Condeescu won best actress for her role in Loverboy
Thomas Fendall and Jessica Hussell were in a relationship. They used their positions within Greater Manchester Police to access restricted material. Court heard they targeted Hussell's ex-boyfriend, who lost his job. Fendall was jailed for 19 months and Hussell was sentenced to 16 months
Louis Kayes, from Moodiesburn in North Lanarkshire, missed Celtic's game against Motherwell. He called the club to tell them he was sorry he had not made it to Saturday's match. The boy's mother, 35-year-old Lisa Kayes said he had
Rangers beat Celtic 5-4 on penalties in the Scottish Championship final. Tom Rogic, who levelled in extra time for Celtic, missed the vital spot-kick. James Tavernier and Nicky Clark failed to convert from the spot for Rangers. Callum McGregor and Scott Brown
Glasgow University study looked at accidents on local roads during and after M74 construction. The five-mile route, which cost Â£692m, links the M74 at Carmyle to the M8 southwest of the Kingston Bridge. There was a sharp fall in accidents from 5
Pro-Russian gunmen in Ukraine's east seem to be following a strategy of constant expansion and pressure on the Kiev government. They seized the regional government's headquarters and prosecutor's office before opening fire with automatic weapons at the main police station. Interim President Olexander Turchynov criticised local police
Sherlock co-star Martin Freeman will play same role in West End later this year. BBC Two production comes from same team as award-winning Hollow Crown series. It will be directed by Dominic Cooke - former artistic director of Royal Court theatre.
King Albert II warned against the dangers of populists seeking scapegoats. Flemish separatist leader Bart De Wever assumed the remarks were aimed at him. Belgian political experts and commentators argued that the broadcast had intervened in political debate.
Keaton Jennings will captain the North, while James Vince will skipper the South. England selector James Whitaker says series is "a platform for players to make an impression" England assistant coach Paul Farbrace will coach the South, while England bowling coach Ottis Gibson is in charge of the
Fleadh is the biggest festival of Irish music and culture anywhere in the world. An estimated 400,000 people attended the event in 2013 when it was brought to Northern Ireland for the first time. Evelyn Ni Dochartaigh is one of the organisers of the Fleadh.
Woodland Trust plans to plant 40,000 trees at Brackfield Wood in Faughan Valley. The four-year project is one of the trust's most ambitious planting programmes. Aim is to plant "millions" of native UK trees to commemorate those who died in WW1.
Sign points to the 'Univeristy of Nottingham' on Queen's Medical Centre platform. Nottingham Express Transport say it could have been there for'seven to eight months' Spokesman says they will be replacing it as soon as possible next week.
Olympic runner crossed his hands above his head as he finished the race. Gesture is made by the Oromo people who have suffered brutal police crackdowns. Ethiopian state media is not showing photos of him crossing the line. There has been a wave of protests
Original crash barrier was put in place following fatal crash in 1977. It was removed three weeks before Enda Dolan died after he was hit by a van last October. Documents show officials ordered the barrier to be removed, even though they could not find out why it had been put there in
Four suspects shot dead, one arrested and other are being sought. President Xi Jinping and Premier Li Keqiang have sent condolences to victims and their families. Witnesses said that the men, who were mostly dressed in black, attacked people at random. Social media users in China posted pictures
EDF customers will see electricity prices increase by 9% and gas prices go up by 5.5%. Energy regulator, Ofgem, said it was hard to justify. Average dual-fuel customer will pay an extra Â£78 a year, bringing annual bill toÂ£1,
The government is spending £9m on a campaign to promote Britain's EU membership. Critics say it is an inefficient way of getting a message out in today's networked world. A third of the money will be spent on an online and social media campaign. Both sides in the debate
Cymru Fyw yna i ddal y broses hir ac weithiau araf!
Thomas Orchard, 32, died in October 2012 after being arrested in Exeter. Bristol Crown Court heard custody sergeant Jan Kingshott, 44, "did his best" despite the outcome. Defence lawyer Patrick Gibbs described Mr Orchard as 'angry and aggressive'
The Dow Jones fell 23.15 points to 18,529.42. The wider S&P 500 was 1.23 points lower at 2,182.64, but the tech-heavy Nasdaq index gained 6.22 points to 5,244.60. Announcement that
Seven Shi Tzu puppies and two full-grown lurchers taken from Winchburgh property. Puppies are tan and white in colour and are worth about Â£650 each. The lurchers have pale gold rough coats and are working dogs.
Traditionally, bonfires are lit in many loyalist areas to mark the start of the annual commemoration of William of Orange's victory over King James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. The Northern Ireland Fire and Rescue Service said they had resolved 13 bonfire incidents on Tuesday night
The Spaniard agreed an initial three-year deal with the Whites last summer. He has not made a first-team appearance for the Championship club since October. Celta are ninth in La Liga and will face Shakhtar Donetsk in the last 32 of the Europa League.
Cardiff Central AM Jenny Rathbone called for a ban on the charging of such fees. Ministers have warned of a risk that banning fees would push up rents. In Scotland, all charges to private tenants other than rent and deposits are illegal.
Sir Bernard Hogan-Howe's immediate future is secure despite calls for him to resign. But Operation Midland has undoubtedly tested the commissioner's leadership and judgement. A detective's ill-judged comment that complainant's allegations were 'credible and true' stoked criticism of the inquiry.
Machrihanish is among five sites across Britain hoping to be a spaceport. The UK government has previously said it wanted to establish spaceport by 2018. It launched a consultation in 2014 and drew up a shortlist of potential sites. These also included Prestwick in South Ayrshire
George is an ambassador for the Royal Horticultural Society. He met Newsround at the Chelsea Flower Show.
Mr Rennie received 14,928 votes, an increase of 15% from 2011. He beat SNP candidate rival Roderick Campbell by 3,465 votes. Alex Cole-Hamilton also won Edinburgh Western from the SNP.
Robert Opie is the founder of the Museum of Brands, Packaging and Advertising in London. He outlines some of the main reasons why we change what we buy. The arrival of the domestic freezer, of washing powder, and of cheaper imports all affected the sort of items on sale and popular
Hawick Knitwear, which dates back to 1874, was bought by managing director Benny Hartop in November last year. The firm has increased its production to 9,500 sweaters each week, from about 7,500 last year, to keep up with demand.
President Francois Hollande tours replica of Grotte Chauvet cave art in southern France. The original drawings, showing bears, panthers, rhinos and other creatures, are roughly 32,000 years old. Lithuanian limestone cave was discovered by potholers in 1994 and is
England face Belgium in Rotherham on Friday before travelling to Bosnia on Tuesday. Rachael Laws, 25, called up to replace the 32-year-old Liverpool keeper, who has a knee injury. The Lionesses have won both their qualifying games so far.
Andrew Barrett, 32, from Norfolk, was jailed for 16 months for sexual assault. The girl was aged 14 and 15 when she was sexually assaulted in summer 2013 and May 2014. Barrett, who was not on duty when he committed the offences, was not charged at the time.
Fury looked fresh throughout and picked his opponent off at ease to earn a wide unanimous decision. Two judges scored the fight 117-112 and 118-111. Victory for the unbeaten Fury - the 15th of his professional career - could now open the door to a potential world title shot
Hull KR lost 25-18 at home to Leigh on Saturday in the Super League. Stand-off Albert Kelly returned late from a trip home to Australia. Peacock said talks are 'ongoing' about resolving the disciplinary issue. Maurice Blair will miss the game against
Tory chairman Lord Feldman is a witness and the inquiry will last into 2016. Youth activist Elliott Johnson, 21, died in September after being bullied by Mark Clarke. Clarke ran the party's RoadTrip campaign, bussing election volunteers around the country. Mr Johnson had
Alibaba accounts for 80% of all online retail sales in China. It has filed to sell up to $24.3bn (£15bn) stock, which would make it the biggest technology listing in the US. Facebook's IPO, which raised $16bn in 2012, was the
NHS regulator NHS Improvement wanted to publish data on scale of hospital deficits. But it was advised against it by the government because of so-called purdah rules. The financial state of the NHS in England has been debated intensely. In the 2015-16 financial year, hospitals ran
Justin Gatlin qualifies fastest in 10.01 seconds. Christine Ohuruogu books her place in the women's 400m semi-finals. British champion Emily Diamond qualifies as fastest loser.
The 19-year-old made his debut for Brentford in April. The left-back has made a total of five appearances for the Bees so far. Brentford boss Dean Smith says he has already shown great potential.
Madonna has a new single, Living for Love, from her new album, Rebel Heart. But the 56-year-old singer has been banned from the Radio 1 playlist. Station's Facebook page was flooded with messages urging it to play the track. Fans accused the network of being
Cost of stamps will also rise and as many as 8,000 jobs will be eliminated. Service faces a projected 1bn Canadian dollar ($943m; Â£576m) loss by 2020 without "fundamental changes" Direct to the home delivery will be replaced by community post boxes
President Obama and Kenyan counterpart Uhuru Kenyatta meet in Nairobi. Kenyatta says Kenya does not share the same values as the US on gay rights. Obama says Kenya needs to root out corruption to attract investment. Trip is Mr Obama's first visit as president to
Some 200 wolves have colonised the southern regions of France, divided into about 20 packs. They are believed to have crossed from Italy in the mid-1990s and are moving north. This year there have been almost 600 wolf attacks in which more than 2,000 sheep have been killed.
The Late Late Show will be filmed at Westminster's Central Hall in early June. Corden has been a big hit in the US since taking over CBS late-night slot in 2015. Three episodes will air on Sky 1 on 7, 8 and 9 June and also on Now TV.
Prime Minister has invited his German counterpart for a working dinner at Chequers. The pair will discuss the threat of Islamic State, the situation in Iraq and Ukraine. Meeting comes as a new campaign to get the UK to leave the EU is launched. Vote Leave wants to negotiate a
Barclays' chairman John McFarlane has been named executive chairman until a new chief executive is appointed. Mr McFarlane applauded Mr Jenkins' role in steering Barclays through the aftermath of the financial crisis. But he also said: "There is no question that cultural change was urgently required"
FBI seized computers and mobile phones from the home in October. Celebrities including Jennifer Lawrence had pictures stolen - apparently via a hack on their Apple iCloud accounts. Court papers have identified eight celebrities by their initials only.
Alex Gould, 18, later died in hospital and another man was seriously injured. James Bisset, 23, of Yatton, struck the pedestrians with his Volvo in Nailsea, last February. He was jailed for seven years and four months at Bristol Crown Court.
Education minister Mohammad Thneibat says Jordan faces a'serious problem' in coping with young refugees. He calls for more international financial support to help build schools and train teachers. Jordan already has Palestinian and Iraqi refugees and now has 1.3 million Syrians who have fled.
Kingfisher House was being sold by lenders to recover losses. Bidders appeared to be deterred by the asking price of 1.5bn rupees ($22m; Â£15m) The businessman is said to have some $1.4bn of unpaid debts.
135 adult volunteers will be recruited to take part in the study. They will be asked to smoke 15 cigarettes a day for a minimum of two years. Participants will be split into three groups, with one continuing to smoke tobacco cigarettes. The others will switch to electronic cigarettes containing nicotine plus
Academies Enterprise Trust said it made the'sad decision' due to falling pupil numbers. The 56-pupil school was classed as 'inadequate' by Ofsted in March. A petition describing closing the school as a 'huge waste of resources' attracted more than 500
Russell Brand, Tom Hardy and Nick Grimshaw join #1in4 campaign. One in four people are affected by mental health issues, according to the BBC. Initiative accompanies the BBC's Minds Matter season, a range of programmes about mental health.
The woman's husband was rescued from the blaze and is being treated in hospital. Clodagh Rice has been to the scene.
Roger Caffrey, 70, was found guilty of three counts of rape and 12 counts of indecent assault. One ex-pupil was raped six times at his home during a 'campaign of rape', court heard. A number of offences against his seven victims took place during lesson time
A 30ft (9m) decomposed whale washed up on the beach at Felixstowe. The body of a minke whale was spotted near Orford on Saturday. Scientists from the Cetaceans Strandings Investigation Programme (CSIP) say there is now a third dead whale off
Rhys Hobbs, 46, of Tonna, pleaded guilty to manslaughter in July last year. He was sentenced at Swansea Crown Court but Court of Appeal has now upped his term. Andrea Lewis, 51, was found dead with 43 injuries including to her skull and torso.
India beat Pakistan by six wickets in their opening World Cup match. Virat Kohli hit 107 and shared century stands with both Shikhar Dhawan (73) and Suresh Raina (74) Kohli became the first man to score a century in his opening
Jonathan Demme is one of cinema's most prolific directors. He has worked on everything from thrillers to family dramas and documentaries. His films include Something Wild, The Killing Fields and The Silence of the Lambs.
GB Taekwondo have overlooked the world number one three times in favour of Muhammad, ranked 59th in the world. The move has been investigated by the BOA and, while they feel selectors acted properly, they were disappointed by the way the issue has been handled. Aaron Cook's camp
Kester David, 53, was found badly burned under a bridge in Palmers Green in 2010. Initial investigation by Scotland Yard concluded he committed suicide. An internal investigation found a "catalogue of errors" and a "failing in duty" by police. Family have always maintained he
Richard McAuley, 42, pleaded guilty to the murder of Denise Dunlop, aged 32. The fatal stabbing occurred in the living room of her home in Ballymena last June. As a result of the attack, the couple's daughter suffered a 'complex and traumatic experience
The teenager suffered a serious leg injury in the fall at Devil's Cave in Chellow Dene. During the two-hour rescue, Calder Valley Search and Rescue Team lowered a team member down into the cave by rope. He was later carried to an ambulance waiting nearby.
Move will see the withdrawal of consultant obstetrics from Wick hospital. Women at risk of birthing complications will be moved to Raigmore Hospital in Inverness. NHS Highland said the majority of births at Wick will be handled by midwives only. The CMU setup could
Jonny Lomax and Adam Cuthbertson score tries for Leeds. Ryan Hall and Danny Richardson score for St Helens. Leeds now three points clear of third-placed Hull FC in Super League.
Uhuru Kenyatta is seeking re-election in Kenya's presidential poll next month. The High Court ordered the electoral commission not to print ballot papers. Opposition alleged that the president had links to Al Ghurair, the firm that won the tender. Raila Odinga
6 November 2015 Last updated at 12:30 GMT.
Michael Lane denies killing Shana Grice, 19, who had her throat slit and her bedroom torched. A friend of Mr Lane, lay preacher Andrew Birks, told the court he saw him shortly before she was found. He said he waved to Mr Lane who did not wave back
Zak Hardaker, Mike McMeeken and Jake Webster score first-half tries for Castleford. Ben Jones-Bishop and Mason Caton-Brown score tries for Wakefield. Greg Eden and Danny Kirmond scored tries for Chris Chester's side. Daryl Powell's
The Sun ran a front page headline calling the comedian a 'hypocrite' because he campaigns for economic and political'revolution' to help poorer people, yet he lives in a luxury home. It's an accusation often made against the star - how can such a rich man claim to speak up
Paul Brian Murray was born in Stoke-on-Trent on 12 April, 1975. His favourite team was Liverpool Football Club and he was a big fan of Kenny Dalglish, Ian Rush and John Barnes. Paul often said he wanted to be famous and his wish was granted in a
Man dressed as a police officer arrested on tiny Utoeya island. Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg said many people were still looking for their children. Police have charged a 32-year-old Norwegian man over both attacks. Suspect is reported by local media to have links with
Elaine O'Hara's remains were found in the Dublin mountains on 13 September 2013. She was last seen on 22 August 2012, the day of her alleged murder. Graham Dwyer, 42, from the Foxrock suburb of south Dublin, pleaded not guilty.
Reece Thompson put North Ferriby United ahead with a great finish from Kyle Wootton's cross. George Porter equalised swiftly from close range with his first touch of the match. Blair Turgott's late winner left the bottom club quizzical about when their wretched luck
Former Zimbabwe international returns to his second home after 12 years at Hove. The 43-year-old scored over 24,000 runs during his 12 seasons at the club. Sussex have reshuffled their coaching set-up following relegation from Division One last season.
Isle of Man Met Office issues amber weather warning for the Isle of Man. Strong winds have brought down trees and power cables across the island. Plane was unable to taxi off the runway after attempting to fly to Belfast. All passengers on board have been returned to the airport by bus
Indonesia's economy grew by just over 5% in the fourth quarter of last year. President Joko Widodo had promised to lift annual growth to 7% on average. Country has seen an average of just under 6% growth over the past decade.
Researchers said the role of the hippocampus in the brain was key. In a small study, they performed better than adults at a picture-based game. And brain scans showed a higher level of brain activity.
The victim was a 38-year-old officer with the US Forest Service. The authorities say armed police officers are searching for the bear. Bear attacks are rare in the area with only 10 deaths reported since 1910.
More than 100 officers will patrol 144 stations open all night to try to "set behavioural standards" TfL believes anti-social behaviour will rise on the all-night service, causing "high crime levels" Fewer than half of Londoners say they will feel safe on the Night Tube.
Christopher Daldorph, 45, spent up to two hours a day over 14 years viewing material. One hard drive alone contained more than 150,000 images and videos. Admitted nine counts of making indecent photographs and one count of possessing extreme pornographic images.
Zimbabwe's defeat by India ensured Ireland's place in the top three. Ireland lost to India and hosts Sri Lanka but beat Zimbabwe and Thailand. Kim Garth hit an impressive 98 and Laura Delany added 50 while Lucy O'Reilly took 3-28.
Merlin Entertainments Group (MEG), which runs the attraction, filed application in 2014. Firm applied for permission to erect up to 20 permanent lodges and 41 glamping tents. Warwick Society said the plans were not in keeping with the landscape. MEG said it
Everton midfielder James McCarthy has been ruled out of the Republic's World Cup qualifier against Austria on Saturday because of a hamstring injury. Martin O'Neill said this week that Koeman was "bleating" about the matter. However, Keane says he "could not care less" about Koeman's
Sameena Imam's body was found buried at an allotment in Leicester in January. She had been having a two-year affair with Roger Cooper and issued him with ultimatum to leave. Cooper, 41, and ex-soldier David Cooper, 39, both deny murdering his
Lufthansa Group's move will affect tickets bought for its own customers as well as Austrian Airlines, Brussels Airlines and Swiss. 16-euro fee is likely to deter travellers from using services including Expedia, Opodo and ebookers. Online travel agency Opodo said online travel agencies
FAI Disciplinary Committee opt not to impose any sanction on Carrick Rangers. Carrick did not properly implement manager Gary Haveron's touchline ban. Warrenpoint Town say the decision "contradicts the IFA's obligation to apply objectivity"
Tiny pieces of DNA called telomeres indicate whether a creature is likely to live long into old age. Telomeres stop things from unravelling - over time they wear down. When they do, the DNA they protect is compromised and the cell can malfunction or die.
Minimum prison term has risen from 20 to 40 years. Maximum prison sentence will rise from 50 to 140 years for those who kill their victims. Kidnappings committed by a public security official will be punished with up to 100 years in prison.
Frances Cappuccini, 30, died after losing 2.3 litres of blood at Tunbridge Wells Hospital in Kent. Consultant anaesthetist Dr Errol Cornish said stimulator drugs should have been in every theatre but he had to call for them. The teacher died after
The men, aged between 20 and 22, were also ordered to pay a fine of $120 (Â£70) each. Another Muslim man also received 20 lashes in January after the Islamic court in Bauchi convicted him of homosexual offences.
Russia banned by IAAF for state-sponsored doping. Ban extended to cover 2017 World Championships. Russia expects to be back by November. Some athletes could compete in London under a neutral banner.
Jamal Kiyemba was freed from Guantanamo Bay in 2006 without charge. He was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 for alleged links with al-Qaeda. Prosecutor Joan Kagezi was shot dead a day before the trial of men accused of involvement in bombings.
Mike Pence said the law was 'grossly misconstrued' as anti-gay. RFRA gives firms the right to express their religious beliefs in the way they do business. Bill signed into state law last week prevents state from forcing people to provide services they say are contrary to their religion
Pop singer from Ely, Cardiff, topped the list following an online vote. In second place was Blackwood-born James Dean Bradfield of Manic Street Preachers. Sir Tom Jones and Dame Shirley Bassey, finished fourth and fifth respectively.
Guido Tognoni worked "extremely closely" with the Fifa president during Blatter's second term. Bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 tournaments is the subject of a Swiss criminal investigation. Russia and Qatar deny wrongdoing, while Blatter has not been named in a separate US criminal investigation
Avni Metra, 53, came to Britain in 1998, one year after he killed two brothers in Albania. Convicted in his absence of both murders and possession of firearms. Arrested by Scotland Yard detectives on 8 June as he drove through Watford, after a tip-
England and Scotland will defy Fifa's ban on players wearing poppies. Fifa could not guarantee that there would not be disciplinary proceedings if a poppy was displayed. Northern Ireland will mark Armistice Day by wearing plain black armbands.
US Navy Helium diving helmet took top price for a single item at £8,000. Auctioneer Brian Goodison-Blanks said colours and patterns of helmets sparked "that emotive Jules Verne feeling" in people.
Bryan Cowie, 41, was seen in the water near Dumfries town centre on Sunday. It is believed to have been spotted by a member of the public at about 09:30 on Saturday. The recovery operation was carried out with the assistance of Nith Inshore Rescue.
20-year-old rejected a new contract offer from Preston North End. Brownhill made only six appearances for North End last season. He scored three goals in 27 games on loan at League One play-off winners Barnsley.
Letter suggests vulnerable practices could be left to "wither by the system" NHS England denies this is the case and says it is working to ensure funding is given. British Medical Association said it was "unacceptable" that some NHS managers believed that some GP practices would be allowed to close
Wallace scored Liverpool's first European goal in a 5-0 win over K.R. Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur in 1964. The son of former Scotland international Dougie Wallace played for Llanelli AFC and Huddersfield Town.
Victims are due to share their experiences at the All Wales Anti-Slavery Conference. Gwent Police officers who rescued a man who worked unpaid for 13 years are also taking part. New UK independent slavery commissioner, Kevin Hyland, is expected to address the event.
Dormitories in south London became temporary accommodation for immigrants from countries like Jamaica. The tunnels, which are 120ft below the surface, have now been opened up for public visits.
Newcastle owner Mike Ashley says he is to blame for Magpies' season. Alan Shearer tells Match of the Day: 'I haven't got a clue what Mike Ashley is going to do' Ashley vows to 'continue the policy of investing in the football club' John
Chelsea striker Aluko claimed she was 'undermined and belittled' by England staff. The 30-year-old striker quit the team in May 2016 after making the claims. But the FA said an independent report found no evidence of wrongdoing by Sampson or his staff.
Ministry of Justice said there was no evidence to link rise in deaths to government policy. But report said staff shortages, population pressures and prison policy contributed to problems. Hardwick said profits for prisoners selling legal highs outstripped other drugs because they sold for 10 times as much as they would
Strachan has indicated a willingness to cap some of the country's young talents. BBC Scotland's football analysts give their thoughts on which players deserve the chance to impress the national manager in Prague and Glasgow later this month.
Man, 28, and woman, 35, arrested on suspicion of the possession of firearms. Army's Explosive Ordnance Disposal unit called to scene in Chapel Street, Cardiff. North Wales Police said it was "not a terrorist related incident"
Foden scored his third try in two matches as Saints beat Quins 24-3 in the Aviva Premiership. Interim England coach Stuart Lancaster will name his Six Nations squad on Wednesday. Brown is expected to return for the first time since the tour of New Zealand in 2008.
Sheffield's Duffy raced into a 3-0 lead and beat the world number nine easily. Ding's news conference lasted less than a minute and was littered with swear words. Three-time UK Championship winner John Higgins had no problems coming through his first-round match.
Blackpool Council will decide on 17 June whether to extend Â£1.3m scheme. Pupils offered milk, fruit juice, cereal and toast. Northumbria University researchers examined the scheme's benefits.
Garry Reed joined Swimbridge Primary School in 1982. Known by his students as "a funny teacher with very good jokes"
Jean-Yves Koue Niate is the fifth signing since Liam McDonald became manager. The 25-year-old steps up to the National League after 22 appearances for Rushall this season. Koue-Niate could be in the squad for Saturday's trip to Dagenham &
Remains were found at Pentrellyncymer near Cerrigydrudion in November. Police said the man is believed to be aged over 54 and between 5ft 8in (172cm) and 5ft 10in (177cm) tall. Forensic tests by experts continue
Hogmanay boys went from house to house on this special evening. Permission given to boys as young as five to go out with the big boys. Each person had a pillow case or bag that would be filled with goodies received from householders. Dr Ragnhild L
Hong Kong government wants to streamline operations at new rail link with China. Passengers will be able to undertake border clearance procedures for both Hong Kong and China in one building. Part of the new Guangzhou-Shenzhen-Hong Kong Express Rail Link, which opens next year.
The 30 new military advisers will raise Australia's total deployment to 300. US authorities recommended sending at least 3,000 more soldiers to fight the Taliban. Ms Payne said the troops would help train Afghan security forces.
42-year-old was crossing Rutherglen Road when he was hit by a Mercedes Vito. He died in Glasgow Royal Infirmary after the crash at about 18:05 on Wednesday. Police have appealed for witnesses to the crash to contact them.
Government relaxed rules on employing teachers for academies last year. Now semi-independent schools are allowed to employ people who have not qualified as teachers. Union says it means less-qualified people are being put in charge of classes. One delegate told conference children are being taught "on the cheap
Royal Mail pension plan currently has a Â£1.7bn surplus. Royal Mail forecasts that it will run out in 2018. Continuing contributions under the existing arrangement is "not affordable"
London Welsh lost 19-13 to Ealing in their Championship clash on Saturday. Former London Welsh centre Steven Stevens made his home debut for the club. The island side are currently eighth in the table, seven points behind fourth-placed Ealing.
The X-47B was in the air for 29 minutes and reached an altitude of 5,000 feet. It is being designed by Northrop Grumman for the US Navy. Officials say it will form part of a new generation of unmanned drones.
The company wants to reduce spending by $1.4bn (Â£900m), partly through a 15% cut in its workforce. The US-based firm also delivered its third profit warning of the year. Qualcomm had been under pressure from major shareholders to make changes.
Three fire engines were called to Railway Street, Tunstall, at about 2320 GMT on Tuesday. The two people were suffering from smoke inhalation and were rescued from a first floor window.
Three of those executed had been convicted of an attack in Tiananmen Square. The government has accused militants based in Xinjiang of recent attacks. Xinjiang is the traditional home of Muslim Uighurs, who speak a distinct language.
Wellingborough Borough Council had planned to close Glamis Hall. Council said the 40-year-old building was 'no longer fit for purpose' Community group set up in response raised a 10,000-signature petition. Freehold of the building was granted to the group after it
Incident happened at about 17:50 BST on Friday near to Court Road, Barry. The child was taken to the University Hospital of Wales in Cardiff. Anyone with information is asked to call 101.
Differences in compensation can amount to thousands of pounds. This is because of the way some credit card providers interpret regulatory guidelines. "It's becoming a bit of a lottery," says personal finance expert Jonquil Lowe.
Uwe is fed into a machine called a microbial fuel cell, which contains a type of bacteria. These tiny bacteria break down the wee and create electrons. Electrons are then forced through an electronic circuit, creating a flow of electricity. This electricity can then be used to power all sorts
Facebook has used artificial intelligence to scan satellite imagery for human-built structures. It hopes to use the information to determine where internet-beaming drones would best be deployed. The social network has analysed 14.6 billion satellite images covering 20 countries. Facebook intends to use maps to inform its
Warrington Wire beat Widnes Vikings at the Halliwell Jones Stadium. Vikings led 12-6 at half-time through Greg Burke, Ryan Atkins and Kevin Brown. Jay Chapelhow's try and a penalty from Patrick Ah Van gave Widnes a two-point lead.
The poster mimics the antics of 2014 winner Peter Sagan who pinched a podium girl at the 2013 Tour of Flanders. The poster also carries the tagline, 'Who squeezes them in Harelbeke?', which is still being used to promote the event on social media.
Fighting between rival forces prompted Kai to leave his family and flee to the camp. He says he is torn between going to school or returning home to bring his parents. Malnutrition in Northern Bahr al-Ghazal has gone up threefold, says Unicef representative. The
Two officers were on a mobile patrol of Pinewood when the incident occurred. A man emerged from an alleyway and threw a brick at the vehicle. The brick struck the windscreen in front of the driver, smashing it.
Emma Watson is a United Nations goodwill ambassador for women. Hopes to challenge peoples views about women and the inequalities they suffer.
Office of Rail Regulation (ORR) has taken a look at Network Rail's performance. Maintenance work is already £40m over budget, and rising. Punctuality is 0.7% below target. Bad data means more delays for passengers and higher costs for taxpayer.
Abdel-Moneim Kahraba scores winner for Egypt in extra-time. Morocco boss Herve Renard's bid to become first manager to win three Africa Cup of Nations titles with three different countries is over. Egypt go on to play Burkina Faso, who
Insp Ken Mackaill and Det Sgt Stuart Hinton accused of gross misconduct. Accused of giving false accounts of meeting with Tory MP in 2012. All three officers met with Mr Mitchell to find out what he had said. It followed claims he had called police 'plebs' for refusing to
Thomas Farr, 31, died from multiple injuries after he was hit by a car. Police said his death may be linked to an "altercation" at a flat in Croydon Road. An inquest into Mr Farr's death has been opened and adjourned.
The club was founded by comedians and broadcasters including Jimmy Edwards, Frank Muir and Raymond Glendenning. About 100 people are expected at this year's annual meeting which takes place at the Dover Marina Hotel. The club specifies that beards are not allowed, and on its FAQs provides
China has invested heavily in Zambian copper mining and other sectors. The country is also home to a growing Chinese community. Those arrested are accused of running unlicensed smelting plants and employing children. Lin Songtian, the Chinese Foreign Ministry's director-general for African affairs, said
One Kilcoo player is to be banned for six months and another for four months. The move follows a claim by Crossmaglen Rangers player Aaron Cunningham that he was the victim of verbal abuse during the 2 December Ulster football final. Kilcoo said they had not been notified, and the
Nick Kyrgios loses 7-5 6-1 6-4 to Andy Murray in Wimbledon last-16 clash. American legend John McEnroe says 21-year-old needs to work harder on his game. Kyrgios is the youngest player in the world top 20
Donald Trump meets Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto in Mexico City. He calls Mexicans "amazing" and "spectacular" people, in contrast to previous comments. But he says they did not discuss his plan to make Mexico pay for the wall - a central plank of his campaign.
Scientists believe the drug, metformin, may mimic the effects of extreme calorie restriction. This regime, which is based on eating a very low calorie diet, is thought to promote healthy ageing. The human implications of the study are unclear.
Mark Roy Mason, 48, was assaulted outside Home Bargains on Marsh Road, Rhyl. He was taken to hospital but later died from his injuries. North Wales Police said a white Renault Kangoo and black 4x4 were involved in the attack. Det Ch Insp Jason Devonport
Ex-Leeds prop Bailey, 31, joined after the start of the season and made 15 appearances. Forward Cox, 24, arrived on a one-year deal from Hull KR while Australian prop Dodds, 27, had an injury-hit season.
Incident happened at the junction of Holburn Street and Holburn Road at about 03:00. Police Scotland said officers briefly gave chase when the vehicle failed to stop for them. But they gave up their pursuit for safety reasons after the car hit an office building.
Giaccherini joined Sunderland from Juventus in 2013 for £6.5m. The Italian spent last season on loan at Serie A Bologna. He has 29 caps for Italy and scored opening goal at Euro 2016.
Ornate Roman coin, silver pennies, copper figurine, thimble and key found at Auckland Castle. Archaeological director Dr Christopher Ferguson said he was "really excited to have uncovered such a major finding" Five-month excavation carried out ahead of new museum extension in castle's
Former Sun editor MacKenzie compared Everton midfielder Barkley to a 'gorilla' Barkley, 23, was punched in a Liverpool bar last weekend in what his lawyer described as an 'unprovoked attack' Liverpool Mayor Joe Anderson said he had reported the article to the police for a
The deal ends months of speculation about the future of the Gulls. The deal is subject to ratification by the National League. Supporters have raised concerns about GI, who pulled out of a bid to buy the club in the summer.
Home Secretary Theresa May said the situation was "not acceptable" Appropriate adults are trained volunteers who help with communication. They were introduced in the 1980s following miscarriages of justice.
Stuart Hogg (Scotland) Club: Glasgow Warriors Age: 24 Lions in 2013 Jared Payne (Ireland) Club: Ulster Age: 31 Lions debutant Leigh Halfpenny (Wales)
Manchester United beat Leicester City 2-0 at Old Trafford. Marcus Rashford and Ander Fellaini scored the goals for Jose Mourinho's side. Romelu Lukaku had a penalty saved by Kasper Schmeichel. Jamie Vardy and Shinji Okazaki were ineffective for the Fox
Culture Secretary Maria Miller wants to make non-payment of licence fee a civil offence. In 2012 about 155,000 were convicted and fined for not paying the £145.50 fee. Justice Secretary Chris Grayling said'serious work' would be done on the proposal. BBC said
Theresa May seeks to reassure EU partners that "no-one will face a cliff edge" in negotiations over Britain's exit from the EU. EU leaders agree to put pressure on internet giants to remove jihadist content faster and more proactively. Counter-terrorism has also been a key issue at
Mohamed Houli Chemlal and Driss Oukabir have been charged with membership of a terrorist organisation and murder. They were moved, under high security, from Barcelona to Madrid for Tuesday's hearing. Houli Chemlal was the first to testify, wearing
Sion Davies, 25, died after falling off a balcony at Anthony Munkley's flat. Footage of the attack was filmed on Mr Davies's phone and played to the jury. Lee Roberts, 33, and 53-year-old Mr Munkly deny murder. His wife,
Michael Robson, 44, absconded from Hatfield Prison in Doncaster on Thursday. He was originally convicted of murder in 1996 but had his sentence reduced to manslaughter. Robson was arrested by officers in West Yorkshire on Sunday.
World number two suffered recurrence of rib injury at Players Championship. But Northern Irishman insists he will be fit to play at Erin Hills on Thursday. Rib stress fracture flared up as he lost play-off to Graeme Storm at South Africa Open in January. McIlroy will
Tottenham MP David Lammy says it is time for a new generation to "step up to a leadership role" He is putting together a bid to be Labour's candidate for Mayor of London in 2016. Yvette Cooper, Andy Burnham and Chuka Umunna are seen as front
Paula Vasco-Knight, 53, used £11,072 of NHS cash to pay her husband Stephen, 46, for work on an equality and diversity publication called Transform. The newsletter was commissioned by her in April 2013 and produced by her husband's firm Thinking Caps that July, the court
Google says it captures 70% of credit and debit card transactions in the US. Advertisers will be able to see whether online ad campaigns generate offline sales. Service will combine data from AdWords, Google Analytics and DoubleClick Search. Users can opt out of the service by going to
The woman was picked up from Candlemaker Row, Edinburgh, at 03:30am. She was taken to a layby near the Boghall Farm in Midlothian where she was subjected to a serious sexual assault. Police Scotland are appealing for any witnesses who may have seen the
Population rose 491,100 from mid-2013 to mid-2014, ONS figures show. Net migration added 259,700 to population growth, more than natural growth of 226,200. 25% of all births in 2013 were to mothers born outside the UK. England's population
Chelsea manager Antonio Conte has signed a new three-year contract. The 47-year-old Italian led Chelsea to the Premier League title at the first attempt last season. He previously said he wanted to stay at Stamford Bridge for'many years' Chelsea have signed Tiemoue
Guernsey will play Thamesmead Town in the FA Cup in August. The tie will be Guernsey's fourth in the competition, having been introduced in 2013. When they were last drawn at home in 2013, the tie was moved as the ground was being used by a rugby club
Garden Bridge Trust admitted its future was in doubt after £70m shortfall in funding. Initially £60m of public money was pledged on planning for the bridge. Transport for London pledged £30m, but £20m of that was to be a loan. Dame Margaret
Victoria Street in Victoria flooded at about 18:00 BST on Saturday. Water gushed into several businesses including the Curzon Cinema. Thames Water said a large pipe burst but no customers were without water.
Leaked documents reveal names of two civil servants who told figures in the renewable heat industry in July 2015 the scheme was soon to end. Charities watchdog investigating after green energy group said it would be "ethically improper" to warn Stormont about flaws in the scheme. Widow of man
Dr Helen Nicoll, 53, was found dead at home in Great Wilbraham, Cambridgeshire. Husband Stephen Nicoll was arrested on suspicion of murder before being released. Post-mortem examination revealed Mrs Nicoll died from asphyxiation.
Roy Oliver, 37, fired a rifle into a car that was driving away from a party. Jordan Edwards, 15, was killed in the incident in Balch Springs, Texas. Oliver faces five to 99 years in prison on the murder charge.
Bangladesh PM's "gaffe" has led to the top-trending "despitebeingawoman" hashtag on Twitter. Analysts say Mr Modi may have been trying to highlight the importance of "women power" in politics. Some suggest his team needs to be more careful
Essex man plans to attempt 40-day trans-Atlantic solo rowing world record. He will live aboard his rowing boat, the Soma of Essex, which is 6.5m (21ft) long and 460kg (1,014lb) Each day he will have
Cristiano Ronaldo heads Portugal into the lead in the first leg of their World Cup 2014 qualifier against Sweden. The Real Madrid forward stooped low to head in Miguel Veloso's superb cross. Zlatan Ibrahimovic failed to register a single touch in the opposite box against Portugal.
They were on board an anti-piracy vessel, the Seaman Guard Ohio, which was detained in October, 2013. They face charges including straying into Indian waters and carrying weapons without permission. Another British man, Paul Towers from Yorkshire, remains in jail along with the ship's Ukrainian captain
The Taliban has been regaining ground in Sangin and is now poised to recapture the district from Afghan forces. Regaining full control of Sangin would increase the Taliban's mobility in the north of the province and cut a key supply line for Afghan forces with Lashkar Gah. S
Ron Jones was captured in 1943 fighting in the Middle East. After nine months in Italy, he was transferred to forced labour camp E715, part of Auschwitz. There he spent 12 hours a day, six days a week, working with hazardous chemicals. On Sundays he was allowed to
Glastonbury is one of the most unpredictable festivals in the world. Bands like U2 and Gorillaz have come unstuck and walked away humbled. But we've also seen underdogs like Pulp and Florence + The Machine triumph. Here are 12 things we're 99%
It took 72 firefighters five hours to extinguish the fire in Earl's Court, London. They rescued 12 people from inside the building, three from one next door and two from the roof of a neighbouring property. Nobody was hurt but 150 people were evacuated.
Ivory Coast asked that all drilling be suspended, but tribunal ruled this would risk "considerable financial loss" to Ghana. Tribunal told West African nation to "take all necessary steps to ensure than no new drilling either by Ghana or under its control takes place in the disputed area" Area
151 drivers stopped by Thames Valley Police, 137 were using their phone. Operation was carried out in Berkshire, Oxfordshire and Hampshire. An unmarked lorry was used to spot offending motorists.
Chesterfield striker denies raping a 19-year-old woman at a Premier Inn. He was found guilty of rape in 2012, but his conviction was quashed in April. Mrs Justice Nicola Davies told the jury to decide the case "calmly, objectively and without emotion"
Leigh Halfpenny has not set the tour alight so far. Anthony Watson has made the biggest impression if the Lions need someone to come on and act as a strike runner from that position. Liam Williams came onto the tour in great form, but has looked like a rabbit in the headlights
Trees for Life believes the animals have been in the area for at least five years. It has asked that the mammals be allowed to remain where they are or be relocated. The presence of beavers has been found previously in the Highlands. In 2008, one was found dead on a
Onlookers said the men were prisoners but this has yet to be confirmed. Bob Griffiths, from Bridgend, said they were shouting at each other. Mid and West Wales Fire Service would not give any details of an incident.
Sunderland manager Dick Advocaat has left the club after just eight games in charge. The 68-year-old Dutchman was appointed in March, when the Black Cats were one point above the relegation zone. Saturday's draw with West Ham left Sunderland without a win in their first
Whistleblowers raised issues including concerns Nicola Burcham's leadership created a 'culture of fear' Former CEO, who quit in May 2015, said she had left 'a long time ago' and refused to comment further. Council report concluded the company had 'turned a corner' under
Solar panels will be installed on 50 homes this year, 1,000 next year and 950 in 2016/17. Kirklees Council expects the panels to reduce household bills by £100 each year. It also expects 50% of the electricity generated by the solar panels to be used by tenants
Great Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time in 79 years over the weekend. Captain Leon Smith urged the LTA to use that triumph to inspire future players. But Murray said he 'did not know where the next generation are' The world number two added he has not discussed the lack of
Northampton confirmed champions after rivals Oxford lost to Luton Town. Wilder's side are currently on a 20-game unbeaten run. Richards has missed run-in because of an Achilles injury, which needed an operation.
Rutherford has won gold at his last four major championships. The 29-year-old committed two fouls but jumped 7.90m with his last effort to go through. Rutherford is the Olympic, world, Commonwealth and European long jump champion.
Shadow Home Secretary Andy Burnham says there has been a 27-year cover-up. Ms May says it is not possible for MPs to understand what the Hillsborough families have been through. The families "have never faltered in the pursuit of the truth," she says. David Cameron
Young piebald cob was found on Thursday at Braceby, near Grantham. Inspector Ian Callingham said pony had obviously been dumped and left to die. He said: "It was terrible to see this young pony clearly in a huge amount of pain"
Ministers will talk to councils before deciding how many can be resettled. UK currently takes children from refugee camps in Syria and its neighbours. But there has been pressure to take some who are already in the EU. Children registered in Greece, Italy or France before 20 March will be eligible
Paxman, 63, created a media storm when he fronted Newsnight with a full beard. He branded the BBC 'pogonophobic' - which means having a fear of beards. Beard Liberation Front said it was a shame Paxman had decided to shave.
How Big, How Blue knocked Florence and The Machine off top spot. Collabro's Act Two slipped to number two, with Ed Sheeran's X at number four. Pete Townshend's Classic Quadropenia debuted at number 32. Official Chart will move to Fridays
Reforms include setting up small businesses and reducing bureaucracy. President Castro says those who undermine the reforms could face prosecution. He also hints at changes to Cuba's controversial travel and emigration rules.
Women's Cricket Super League to be played from 2016-2019. Tournament will be played in a Twenty20 format this season, before adding a 50-over competition in the future. There were 28 initial expressions of interest for the WCSL. All six hosts have been awarded hosting rights
In 2013/14, 99,293 students went to further education colleges, but that fell to 82,818 in 2015/16. There was a 15% drop in the number of enrolments at FE colleges over the same period. NUS-USI President Fergal McFerran
Around 200 people are feared to have drowned as they try to cross from Zuwara, west of Tripoli, to Italy. Police in Italy have detained 10 suspected traffickers after 52 people were found dead in the hold of a ship off the coast of Libya on Wednesday. Workers from the
There has been a war in Syria since 2011 and 300,000 people have lost their lives. Four million people, including children, have been forced to leave the country. A ceasefire is an agreement by opposing sides to stop fighting in a war. So far, the ceasefire seems to be
Eleven people have come forward after Woodward waived his anonymity. NSPCC hotline received more than 50 calls within its first two hours. Cardiff manager Warnock said Woodward gave other alleged victims courage to speak.
Dundee Waterfront is a regeneration project which is transforming 240 acres of land along the River Tay. Redevelopment is now well past the halfway mark. Contracts worth more than £400,000 have been approved for works at Slessor Gardens and at the rear of Caird
Clarke will replace Chris Gibbes as head coach of the Wellington Lions. The 49-year-old was part of the Ulster team which won the 1999 Heineken Cup. Clarke also has international coaching experience with Ireland A and Emerging Ireland.
Galloway has made 43 appearances for Leeds since joining from NRL side Wests Tigers. The 31-year-old also missed the end of last season after rupturing Achilles tendon in other leg.
Bubba Watson will be part of Davis Love's backroom team at the Ryder Cup. Tiger Woods, Jim Furyk, Tom Lehman and Steve Stricker are also assistants. Love says Watson's selection shows how close the US team really is. The 41st Ryder Cup
Hamilton and Rosberg collided while racing for the lead on the last lap of the Austrian Grand Prix on Sunday. Hamilton went on to win and now trails Rosberg, who was fourth, by 11 points. Mercedes boss Toto Wolff has indicated he could impose restrictions to prevent them from racing
Remains were found during construction work near the French village of Beaucamps-Ligny. All the soldiers were with 2nd Battalion The York and Lancaster Regiment, and are believed to have died in battle on 18 October 1914. The men are due to be given a funeral with full
Andriy Yarmolenko and Evgen Seleznyov put Ukraine ahead in Euro 2012 qualifier. Ukraine have lost in five previous qualifying play-offs for major tournaments - including a 3-2 aggregate reverse when they played Slovenia for a place at Euro 2000. Slovenia
Ospreys lost 26-17 at home to Exeter in the Pro12 on Saturday. The defeat leaves them without a top-tier knockout place since 2010. Captain Alun Wyn Jones admits Ospreys face a tough task to make the 2016-17 tournament.
Westbound section of M8 between Newhouse and Baillieston opened a week ahead of schedule. Eastbound section is due to open next weekend. It means stretch between Edinburgh and Glasgow is now motorway.
Match of the Day rules were first laid down way back in 1863.
Williams was questioned about equal pay by the media after her Wimbledon semi-final win. 21-time Grand Slam champion says she doesn't deserve to be paid less because of her sex. Wimbledon was the last Grand Slam to introduce equal pay in 2007. Williams will face Australian
Charity MindFull has launched a new online counselling service for 11- to 17-year-olds. Founder Emma-Jane Cross said poor mental health among young people is 'one of the last great medical taboos in the UK today' Report calls for a'sea-change'
Nashat Melhem was tracked down to a mosque in his home town of Arara and killed in a gun battle. Police said Melhem, 29, was the gunman who killed two Israelis at a bar, then the Israeli Arab driver of a taxi who picked him up after the attack.
Mark King, 21, earlier admitted stabbing 37-year-old Steven Downes in Glasgow. King is already serving four-and-a-half years for another stabbing carried out in July 2015. For that offence he was also ordered to be supervised in the community for two years. Judge
Tiffany Li, 31, posted $4m in cash and pledged $61m in property. Lawyer said she was "well-liked in the community" Ms Li has pleaded not guilty to murder charges.
Government has said key nursery workers must have at least grade C in GCSE English and maths. Campaign group Save our Early Years said this requirement was blocking career paths. Department for Education said it was working with the profession on a future staffing strategy. About 12,500 students completed Level 3
Janet Yellen was speaking at a meeting of central bankers in Jackson Hole, Wyoming. She said economic growth and a stronger jobs market meant "the case for an increase in the federal funds rate has strengthened in recent months" Ms Yellen emphasised that future rate increases should be "grad
The FTSE 100 closed 0.15% lower, having traded higher for much of the sessions. Analysts at Liberum said the company's performance in the final quarter of 2016 had been "disappointing" Shares in Direct Line fell 2.9% after the insurer reported
Invisible Girlfriend lets you sign up to be in a relationship with a fake girlfriend via text message. The service costs $5 a week for a single person to have a relationship on Facebook. You pick from one of six broad personality types - there are only six types of women in the
Young Gifted and Black awards took place in Cardiff on Thursday. Contributions made by black people to history and culture will be celebrated throughout October. Kimberly Mpukusa, 18, became the number one Welsh under 18s tennis player despite struggling to find a sponsor.
Teenager was walking on Ancrum Road crossing when she was hit by a Ford Fiesta. She is receiving treatment at Ninewells Hospital in Glasgow. Police Scotland have appealed for witnesses to contact them.
Root has been promoted from vice-captain to captaincy of England. The 26-year-old has only played four first-class matches under his belt. Root is a year older than Michael Atherton when he took charge, but a year younger than Cook. Graeme
Greater Manchester Police (GMP) apologised for racial stereotyping. The fake terrorist shouted 'Allahu Akbar' before setting off fake bombs. Organisers of the meeting at Longsight Saath Saath are demanding an inquiry. GMP said it has no plans to issue any further statements
The 24-year-old was a member of Theatre Peckham's company from age nine to 14. Boyega is currently filming Star Wars Episode Eight. He said he is honoured to be in a position to give back.
Dundee beat Ross County 5-2 in their Scottish Championship clash. Goals from Greg Stewart, Rory Loy, Alex Schalk, Craig Wighton and Kane Hemmings secured the points for Paul Hartley's side. The Staggies are now in pole position to secure a
2.6 million women born in the 1950s have lost out because of pension law. SNP's Mhairi Black said it was 'laughable' problem could not be fixed. Minister Guy Opperman said he would look at cases of financial hardship. But he faced shouts of '
National Lottery support for Aberystwyth University's Old College announced. Part of £22m plan to turn Grade I-listed building into centre for heritage, learning and enterprise. College was bought in 1867 by the University of Wales for just £10,000.
Flood water was still several feet high outside Drumahoe venue on Wednesday morning. Friday's Championship game against Ballyclare switches to Dixon Park. Institute will be unable to play home games at their premises for at least a month.
Jason Turner becomes football operations director, with Corrine Rigby as finance director and Amanda Fletcher as commercial director. Sports PR firm founder Paul Mace, a lifelong Magpies fan, and property consultancy director Jon Enever have also joined the club.
Germany has admitted that its capacity has been stretched to the limit. Some 450,000 asylum seekers have entered Germany already this year and up to a million are expected in 2015. Until now, the federal government has insisted it can cope with the high numbers of asylum seekers. But authorities in
Scientists are studying how the Indian monsoon behaved in the past to shed light on the impact of climate change. Research will lead to a better understanding of how the monsoon over India might change.
5,000 medical staff in more than 2,000 public hospitals stopped working at midnight on Sunday. They were demanding the government honour a 2013 deal to increase salaries. Officials say the action is premature and negotiations should continue. At least 50 mental health patients at the Mathare mental hospital in
23 people rescued from MV-22 Osprey off east coast of Australia. Marine Expeditionary Force shifts operations to recovery efforts, which could last months. Families of the three marines have been notified. Military sources say aircraft was trying to land on USS Ronald Reagan aircraft carrier
SSPCA received a call saying there was an injured or possibly dead snake. The caller had been "too scared" to get any closer to the snake.
£100m contract for missile defence system for Type 26 frigate to be signed. £859m deal to build the combat ships was signed in February 2015. Project has been hit by repeated delays, with concerns that jobs could be lost as a result. First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said
Commandos who landed on the Sardar Daud hospital roof killed all four attackers. More than 50 people were also wounded, the defence ministry said. President Ashraf Ghani said the attack "trampled all human values" The Taliban has denied any involvement in the attack.
Hundreds of residents and holidaymakers turned out to see the march in the shadow of the Great Orme headland, where Kashmir goats are an attraction. The Royal goat tradition began in 1844 when Queen Victoria presented the Royal Welch Fusiliers with its first one.
Nurses were stranded while working at a hospital in the northern city of Tikrit for more than a week. Sunni rebels led by militant group Isis have occupied large swathes of northern and western Iraq. They have declared a large region straddling Iraq and Syria a caliphate or Islamic state
Saints captain Anderson claims he was punched in the ribs by Kiernan. The incident occurred during last week's 1-1 draw against Rangers. Kiernan was free to play in Saturday's defeat by Celtic. Scottish FA disciplinary hearing will take place on 12 January.
Late Kick Off East will assess the impact of dropping out of the Football League. The Hatters have been in the Conference Premier since 2009 after 89 years in the league. Luton are 14 points clear at the top of the table.
Dylan Mackin's clinical finish was added to by Scott Pitman's strike just before half-time. Kalvin Orsi tricked his way past defender Alan Lithgow and finished to halve Brechin's deficit. And Finn Graham fired home to level matters just after the hour mark at
Labour leader tells the BBC he would consider the question 'as a party' Ministers have been talking to Labour MPs to persuade them to back intervention. Mr Cameron has said he will set out a detailed case for intervention in an open meeting. Labour MPs rejected air strikes on Syria in 2013
Skeleton of "Thankerton Man" was found in a stone cist at Boatbridge Quarry, Thankerton, South Lanarkshire, in 1970. It was radiocarbon-dated to between 2460BC and 2140BC and thought to have been that of a man aged 18
45 people infected with strain of E. coli in California, Minnesota, New York and Ohio. 43 of the cases reported eating at a Chipotle restaurant. Chipotle shares are now down by more than a fifth this year, valuing the company at $16.7bn (Â£
Girl, 15, has been subject to an online and in-person harassment campaign. Her mother says Facebook users have threatened "they are going to get" her daughter. Chicago police found the girl one day after she went missing and contacted Facebook to have the video removed. The girl is now
Ms Tsai is Taiwan's first female leader but unlike other Asian women who rose to the top, she didn't come from a political family. Many Taiwanese see her as a quiet enigmatic force, difficult to predict. She has described herself as someone who likes to walk next to walls to avoid the spotlight
Third seed Andy Murray plays Andreas Seppi in the third match on Centre Court. Ward, ranked 110th, takes on Canada's Vasek Pospisil in the second match. Murray practised with Ward on Friday and the pair have become good friends.
Swansea West MP Geraint Davies said it was vital for a "greener future" He accused ministers of "back-pedalling" on their commitment to the lagoon. The company behind the scheme warned in October that building work was being delayed by a year.
RSPCA's annual report found cases were down by 23% on the previous year. The charity rehomed more than 1,750 animals across Wales in the last 12 months. It also said the numbers of warning notices issued to owners increased.
Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg will be favourites to win the world title this season. Mercedes are the reigning constructors' champions after winning 16 of 19 races last year. Sebastian Vettel, Fernando Alonso, Kimi Raikkonen and Jenson Button also on the grid
48 passengers were led off the coach and forced to sit apart in a cordon on the opposite carriageway. Police source said a passenger was seen pouring a liquid into a box, which then started smoking. Motorway was closed between junctions T3 and T4 near Lichfield
Wandsworth, Richmond and Hillingdon councils spent £300,000 on legal action. Windsor and Maidenhead Council spent £50,000 from its development fund. Details were obtained using Freedom of Information laws. Four councils failed in an attempt to challenge the decision to build the runway
Towns and cities along the Baltic coast were flooded, from Kiel in the far north to the resort island of Usedom near the Polish border. Sea levels were recorded in the port of Wismar at 1.83m (6ft) above normal overnight. Severe winter conditions also
Coffins representing three women and two men who resisted the Nazis carried through Paris. French President Francois Hollande said the group "embodied the spirit of the Resistance" The coffins contained only soil from the fighters' graves as relatives did not want their bodies disturbed.
Pensioner was found by her son when he arrived to visit her on Sunday morning. Police said she had been unable to get up from the floor or call for help. The woman was taken to Hairmyres Hospital in East Kilbride where she is in a stable condition.
William McGirt leads Masters after opening round with a seven-under-par 65. Defending champion Danny Willett cards a one-over 73 to trail by four shots. Rory McIlroy hits three late birdies to finish with a 72. Lee Westwood is third on
Justice Minister Claire Sugden confirms motion will go before assembly for approval. Move will bring Northern Ireland in line with England and Wales, where plans for automatic pardons were announced last month. Dubbed 'Turing's Law', after the World War Two code-breaker Alan Turing, the law
Kirsty Parkes was a history and English teacher at a school in West Lothian. She cannot apply to be re-registered for one year. It follows a hearing held by the General Teaching Council for Scotland over two days in June. Ms Parkes did not attend or
Coventry Festival of Motoring was due to take place in August at Stoneleigh Park. Organisers said they had not ruled out reviving the festival, but it would remain on hold indefinitely. Culture Coventry said the funding withdrawal was "not the only reason" they had cancelled
National Police Chiefs' Council says it has received a "significant number of calls" Figures based on details from existing investigations and referrals from NSPCC helpline. Greater Manchester Police says it is investigating reports from 35 people and has identified 10 suspects. Devon and Cornwall Police
Phil Taylor beat Adrian Lewis 7-5 to reach the last four of the PDC World Championship. Dave Chisnall drew 6-6 with James Wade and Peter Wright beat Raymond van Barneveld. Michael van Gerwen will play Gary Anderson in the other semi-final at
There are currently 893 Changing Places toilets in the UK. They are different from standard disabled toilets as they have extra features and space to help meet the needs of people who use them. Lorna Fillingham, mother of six-year-old Emily-May, is concerned about
Ahmad Mohammed al-Mousa was killed by a group of masked men in Idlib. RBSS honoured last month by the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) The New York-based organisation condemned Mr Mousa's murder.
Majority of UK youngsters do not take A-levels or degrees. Report says youngsters are let down by over-emphasis on higher education and lack of training options. Department for Education said it was investing in apprenticeships in England.
10 biggest search engines in China have signed up to the anti-phishing scheme. Move comes as personal details of 45 million Chinese people were stolen in separate attacks. Government said attacks "threatened internet safety" Phishing attacks involve messages that look like they come from a bank or other
Video replays will be used to advise on "game-changing" decisions in United Soccer League matches. They will also be tested in six other countries in the next two years, including Germany and Italy. The International Football Association Board wants to decide by 2019 on whether to introduce video replays
Zambia drawn in Group C alongside Iran and Costa Rica. Guinea in Group A alongside South Korea, Argentina and England. South Africa in Group D and will take on Japan, Italy and Uruguay. Senegal in Group F and will play Ecuador, USA and Saudi Arabia.
Worrying stories are often in the news because they are rare - they don't happen very often. It is incredibly unlikely that what you're reading about or watching might happen near you.
Adrian Ismay, 52, was seriously hurt after a booby-trap device exploded under his van in Belfast on 4 March. "A very sad day indeed for Northern Ireland and for everyone who wants to see progress and peace continue," he said.
Venezuela and Colombia agree to close the border every night for a month. Up to 40% of goods Venezuela subsidises for its domestic market are smuggled to Colombia. The 2,200km-long (1,360-mile) border was closed on Monday night. Venezuel
TV is the leading medium and three major broadcasters dominate the market. There are more than 300 newspapers, most of them local or regional. The constitution guarantees freedom of expression and forbids censorship.
Novak Djokovic reached the last 16 of the men's singes. Rafael Nadal beat fellow Spaniard Fernando Verdasco 6-0 7-6 (11-9) Two-time champion Serena Williams defeated Kateryna Bondarenko.
Trago Mills was granted planning permission in 1999 but work was stalled. The development is due to be completed by spring 2018. It will include a new store, cafe and garden centre as well as warehouse, offices and parking.
Botham is the grandson of former England cricketer Sir Ian Botham. The 18-year-old came on from the bench in Wales' 33-0 win against Russia. Wales went on to lose to 28-5 to Canada in a shock defeat in Wellington.
Michael Matthews claims first Tour de France victory. Australian finishes ahead of Peter Sagan and Edvald Boasson Hagen in sprint finish. Defending champion Chris Froome finishes in the peloton, nine minutes 39 seconds behind Matthews. Sagan overtakes Mark Cavendish in green jersey
The NSPCC is a charity specialising in child protection and the prevention of cruelty to children. The National Association for People Abused in Childhood offers support and advice to adult survivors of any form of childhood abuse. Rape Crisis (England and Wales) offers help, support and information about rape
Both sides have committed to pulling out materiel carrying weapons with less than 100mm (4in) calibre. Ukrainian officials said inventory work began on Saturday morning with the actual pullback to start in the afternoon. The pullout date was announced at a meeting of leaders from Ukraine
Royal Mail said rise of delivery firm Whistl could wipe £200m off sales. Also said competition was endangering government-mandated Universal Service. Royal Mail reported a small fall in pre-tax profits to £218m for the six months to 28 September.
Radcliffe plays Rosencrantz and Guildenstern are Dead at London's Old Vic. Tom Stoppard's comedy centres around two minor characters from Hamlet. The 27-year-old actor said he didn't want to tackle a Shakespearean role for the sake of it.
Russia's combat losses so far in the Syria conflict are: 21 military personnel, three helicopters and an Su-24 bomber. Russia's "anti-terrorism" operation in support of President Bashar al-Assad in Syria began on 30 September 2015. The women were serving as medics at a
Ireland made history on 5 November with a first ever win over the All Blacks in Chicago. Schmidt will recall all his big guns for the rematch at the Aviva Stadium. Ireland made a full 15 changes for Saturday's 52-21 victory over the world's 18th-ranked side Canada.
Gen. Rodolfo Palomino welcomed the probe, which he said he knew would clear his name. The general is also under investigation for alleged illicit enrichment and conducting illegal wiretaps. He denies the allegations and says they are a political vendetta designed to drive him out of office.
Barcelona beat Atletico Madrid 1-0 at the Vicente Calderon. Lionel Messi scored the winner after being set up by Luis Suarez. It was the Argentina international's 287th La Liga goal for Barcelona. Cristiano Ronaldo became Real Madrid's record league scorer on
Johanna Konta beats Sorana Cirstea 6-2 6-3 in World Group II play-off tie in Constanta. Serena Williams' unborn child was referred to as "chocolate with milk" by Nastase. Nastase was sent off
Gareth Bale and Cristiano Ronaldo are the only two Real Madrid players included. Cristiano Ronaldo and Gianluigi Buffon are only ever-presents for the award. 16 Premier League players are on the list, including N'Golo Kante and Kevin De Bruyne.
The 30-year-old has played 12 times for Orient since joining in October. Orient, who are 21st in League Two, face Mansfield on Saturday.
Both blasts went off on Thika road, a busy highway north-east of the capital. The buses were crowded at the time of the explosions, which police said were caused by improvised devices. Recent violence has been blamed by the government on Somali Islamist group al-Shabab.
Adam Johnson, 28, is accused of two counts of sexual activity with a child. Former Sunderland and Middlesbrough winger denies the charges at Bradford Crown Court. The girl, who was aged 15 at the time of the alleged incident, described how the winger was her favourite player. She
Justin Wilson, 37, was airlifted to hospital after crash at Pocono Raceway. Ex-Formula 1 driver died after Sage Karam's car spun and crashed in front of him. Seven-time IndyCar race winner Wilson is survived by his wife and two daughters.
Holly Hughes is now in a stable condition after the crash on the A44 in Powys. Her mother Alison Hind, 28, her uncle Martin Pugh, 47, and his partner's parents Margaret, 65, and John Kehoe, 72, were killed. Holly was flown
Jamie Conlan defeats Hungarian David Koos on points. Marco McCullough defeats Luis Ligo in his fight for the vacant WBO Intercontinental featherweight championship. Belfast's Steven Ward marks his professional debut with a points win over Bulgarian Merdjidin Yuseeinov.
PM says she expects'very frank' talks on areas where their opinions seem to differ. Mrs May said she hoped for early progress on a US-UK trade agreement. Mr Trump was sworn-in as the 45th US president on Friday.
GDP is the principal means of determining the health of the UK economy. It is used by the Bank of England as one of the key indicators in setting interest rates. UK GDP is used internationally by the OECD, IMF, and the World Bank.
Resource details examples from around Scotland which have improved learning. Approach include parent questionnaires, a family breakfast club and a walk-to-school programme. John Swinney said the tool would help "all of our children to succeed"
Greece rejects advice of barrister Amal Clooney to take Britain to the International Criminal Court. The Marbles were taken from Greece's Parthenon by Lord Elgin 200 years ago. Athens has been locked in a bitter dispute over its demand for the marbles to be
Chancellor George Osborne could need to make more spending cuts "just to stay on track" The Treasury said its plan was "securing a resilient economy" Changes to benefits and tax credits had been expected to save £19bn. But spending has in fact reduced by £2.5
Albania beat Armenia 3-0 to finish third in Group I. Luis Nani gave Portugal the lead before Zoran Tosic equalised for Serbia. Substitute Joao Moutinho scored Portugal's winner with a shot from the edge of the box. Denmark
Scottish government says it will review building safety standards in high-rise blocks. Move comes as the Scottish government continues its investigation of tower blocks in Scotland. At least 79 people are believed to have died in the Grenfell Tower blaze. Councils across Scotland have moved to reassure high-
Odion Ighalo opened the scoring for Watford with a close-range finish. The Nigerian striker has now scored 20 goals in 24 league games in 2015. Watford captain Troy Deeney set up the second goal with a clever ball in behind the Newcastle defence. D
Pembrokeshire council wants to create a one-way system, footways and a public transport hub. The master plan includes a new link road, retail units and the demolition of buildings, including the derelict Fishguard Junior School. Councillors hope it could encourage further investment
Mr Kalashnikov had been involved in the "anti-Maidan" protests. At least eight Yanukovych allies have died suddenly in the last three months. Most of the deaths are said to have been suicides. But it is possible some were killed or forced to take their lives, officials
Patrick Buisson has released a book of recollections concerning the seven years he served as Nicolas Sarkozy's top aide. Mr Buisson claims that Sarkozy deliberately allowed rioters from the suburbs to rampage in central Paris in 2006. The book reveals that the aspiring president was in contact with far
Gary Mills considering signing Shaun Harrad, Shaun Harvey and Jordan Evans. Torquay striker Harrad is a free agent after spending last season at Torquay United. Full-back Evans is a product of Wrexham's academy and could sign for the Dragons.
Duke of Wellington stayed at Walmer Castle regularly from 1829 until his death in 1852. English Heritage has recreated the carpet and wallpaper in the room where he died. A pair of his original Wellington boots and his death mask are also on show.
Study is believed to be the first controlled experiment of its kind. Researchers monitored people's heart rate, blood pressure and mood over a 10-minute period. Results showed'significant' reductions in participants' heart rates and blood pressure. Findings appear in the journal Environment and Behavior.
Drones will scan and assess Easyjet planes and report damage back to engineers. The flying robots are being developed by a team that includes experts from the University of Bristol. Easyjet is also developing virtual reality video technology and "paperless plane" technology.
The two-and-a-half minute clip gives a closer look at the film after a teaser in March. Features car chases, exploding planes and shady crime organisations. Spectre will be released in UK cinemas on 26 October.
PepsiCo said in March it was consulting about plans to close the Peterlee factory. Production will be moved to the company's other UK sites by December. Some of the famous crisps made at the factory include Walkers, Lays, Sensations, Scampi Fries
Formerly used by bands to record tracks they could mime to on television. Brideshead Revisited series theme tune among pieces recorded there.
At least 90 NGOs complain about visits by officials from the prosecutor-general's office, justice ministry and tax authorities. Amnesty International, Human Rights Watch and Transparency International among those targeted. Officials say checks are being conducted "in strict compliance with the current legislation" "Foreign agent" bill
Pandemrix was widely used in the UK during the 2009-10 flu pandemic. Was given to almost a million British children between six months and five years old. Vaccine has already been linked to narcolepsy in Finland, Sweden and Ireland. Manufacturer Glaxo
US universities are most dominant international force in Times Higher Education rankings. London has more universities in this league table than all of Japan. Edinburgh, Manchester, Bristol, Sheffield, Warwick, Southampton, Nottingham and Newcastle slip downwards. Highest UK university is Oxford and highest continental European university is
Dewi and Dwynwen are named after two of Wales' most renowned patron saints. Their arrival marks the launch of a campaign by heritage body Cadw to bring Wales' history to life. Caernarfon Castle has free entry today to celebrate St David's Day.
Lorna Waddell, 41, of Kelso admitted obtaining nearly Â£4,000 by fraud. She was given unpaid work as an alternative to custody at Jedburgh Sheriff Court. Sentence was deferred until 11 July for reports.
Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull is calling for nationwide vaccination laws. Survey shows 5% of Australian children are not fully vaccinated. Vaccinating children is not a legal requirement in Australia, but failing to do so makes parents ineligible for childcare rebates. Three states - Queensland, New South Wales
Oscar Pérez has been a member of the forensic police force, known as the CICPC, for 15 years. The Venezuelan media emphasise that he is a highly trained agent, part of the Special Actions Brigade. He has laid bare the rest of his life in more than
SNP won 56 of 59 Westminster constituencies at the general election. That resulted in the party being the third largest, behind the Conservatives and Labour. Parliamentary convention dictates that the official third largest party at Westminster gets to chair a number of select committees.
Genetic understanding of deadly ash die-back fungus could help scientists. Team sequenced the genome of the fungus that causes the disease in March. Data is being put on a crowd sourcing website OpenAshDieBack to help identify genes that might be connected to the trees' ability to withstand the
The third and final presidential debate takes place in Las Vegas on Wednesday night. Donald Trump has shown little interest in ditching the campaign trail for prep sessions. Hillary Clinton has disappeared from the public eye to prepare for the event. The final debate will be hosted by Fox News presenter Chris Wallace
Presidio Terrace is one of San Francisco's most expensive addresses. It was sold by the city over a $14-a-year tax which went unpaid for decades. Wealthy residents say they knew nothing about the sale until it was done. Now owned by two investors
Sutton ended their four-game winless run with a 3-0 win over Gateshead. Roarie Deacon scored a penalty after Maxime Biamou drew a foul from Dan Hanford. Biamou doubled their advantage after 60 minutes and the Frenchman added a third with seven
The men reportedly ran into bad weather as they were coming down the mountain. A spokesman said both men were in their 60s, but gave no further details. The 4,478m (14,700ft) Matterhorn has a distinctive pyramid-shaped peak.
Higuain was dismissed for a second bookable offence in Napoli's 3-1 defeat. The 28-year-old, Serie A's top scorer with 30 goals, pushed the referee. Napoli are six points behind leaders Juventus with seven matches remaining.
passive smoking costs the NHS Â£23m a year. It leads to 300,000 doctor visits and 9,500 hospital admissions annually. Three-quarters of smoking parents were shocked by the statistics. Do you worry about the effects on your health? Or do you think it's not
Residents will be asked for their views on a range of healthcare issues. West London Mental Health NHS Trust said it was a "groundbreaking initiative" Hospital is home to some of the UK's most notorious killers.
The committee on the Licensing Act 2003 also called for an overhaul of local licensing panels. Chair Baroness McIntosh of Pickering called the act "fundamentally flawed" Derbyshire Police told peers that the system had become "too political" Local Government Association said scrapping
The Surf Snowdonia project will use technology called Wavegarden to drive waves up to 2m (6ft) high. Tourism Minister Edwina Hart called it an "iconic attraction for Wales" Plans include a "wave garden" with a water slide, wakeboard
Game Two of the best-of-seven series begins at 00:08 BST on Wednesday. The first pitch has been brought forward an hour because of the threat of rain in the Cleveland area. Roberto Perez hit two home runs as the Cubs endured a miserable return to the season finale.
Australian was poised to take the lead from Lewis Hamilton's Mercedes. Ricciardo pitted a lap after Hamilton finally made a stop to switch from his 'extreme' wet tyres, which he had used from the start of the race. But the delay at the stop meant Hamilton blasted past as
Leicester fans arrested for 'disgusting' and 'unacceptable' chanting. Leicester fan Chris Whiting, who is gay, said the'shocking' chanting made him feel unsafe. A 44-year-old man has been charged with indecent chanting under the Football Offences
Bonfires are lit in loyalist areas of Northern Ireland on the Eleventh Night of July. They mark the start of the annual commemoration of William of Orange's victory over King James II at the Battle of the Boyne in 1690. Some bonfires have caused controversy because they are built
The US electoral map is tilted against the Republican Party, writes Andrew Keen. On Tuesday a survey of three key swing states revealed a virtual dead heat between the two likely standard-bearers. Linchpin of a Trump victory centres on the so-called Rust Belt - states like Pennsylvania and
A Swedish woman tracked down her biological mother in 1973 and reunited with her. She was adopted by a couple in Sweden when she was two-and-a-half years old. Ms Purve-Jorendal says meeting her mother was "nothing less than a miracle" She
Lewis Hamilton was 0.4secs quicker than team-mate Valtteri Bottas. Red Bull's Daniel Ricciardo was second quickest, 0.372secs ahead of Kimi Raikkonen. Title rivals Lewis Hamilton and Sebastian Vettel were third and sixth.
Sutcliffe was convicted of 13 murders and seven attempted murders in 1981. He has remained in prison since being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. A tribunal has found he no longer needs treatment for any mental disorder. Transferring him to a prison could save up to Â£250,000
Council's cabinet had recommended changing Brecon High School to English. But 32 members of full council opposed the plans, with eight in favour. The vote was taken as an indication of the full council's views but it was not a final decision.
DeLonge posted "to all the fans, I never quit the band" on Instagram. Guitarist's manager sent an e-mail which said: "Tom. Is. Out," according to bandmates. Last summer he performed with Blink 182 in their headline set at Reading and
Woman stepped through hole in a car tyre and became wedged inside. Firefighters spent 10 minutes sawing the rubber and the woman was not injured. A crew from Deeside was sent to the play park in Sealand just before 13:00 GMT.
Argentine Rojo escaped a yellow card for two-footed lunge on Wilfried Zaha. The United defender also avoided a red card for a similar challenge on Idrissa Gueye. Alan Pardew described Rojo's tackle on Zaha as 'dangerous'
Park Geun-hyeon apologizes for allowing friend inappropriate access to government policy-making. Choi Soon-sil is suspected of using their friendship to solicit donations to a non-profit fund she controlled. Ms Choi is in detention facing charges of fraud and abuse of power.
The child was airlifted to Swansea's Morriston Hospital following the incident. He was in a stable condition after suffering serious leg injuries. The man charged in connection with the incident will appear at Merthyr Tydfil Magistrates' Court on Thursday.
Restore Justice campaign calls for death penalty to be brought back for murderers. Paul Staines needs 100,000 people to support his e-petition on the government website. Last executions in the UK took place in 1964 and the death penalty was abolished in 1965. It was last debated in
Child pronounced dead at the scene in Maguiresbridge, Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. The Health and Safety Executive is investigating the cause of death. DUP leader Arlene Foster said the news had shocked the close-knit farming community. Ulster Unionist MP Tom Elliott said
Oscar Pistorius was convicted of culpable homicide in the death of Reeva Steenkamp. The sentence failed to consider the "horrendous manner" in which she was killed, prosecutors say. Pistorius is serving a five-year prison sentence but could be out in 10
Owners of Dunsfold Park had claimed that 'permanent unrestricted planning permission' was granted in 1951. This was rejected by Waverley Borough Council in July 2011 and the planning inspector in April 2012. A judge at the High Court said the 1951 permission did not grant permission for unrestricted
Manny Agboola, 18, will be on the bench after being recalled from a loan spell at North Leigh. Newcastle boss Rafael Benitez is likely to make changes again, as he did in the last round against Birmingham. Striker Aleksandar Mitrovic (k
Walmart will give JD.com ownership of Yihaodian's marketplace, including the brand, website and app. In exchange Walmart will take a near 5% stake in China's second largest e-commerce firm. Walmart's Sam's Club brand will launch a shop on JD.
Welsh Secretary Alun Cairns said 'devolution has moved forward' since the election. Significant powers had been handed to Scotland and councils, he added. MPs were debating the UK government's Wales Bill - to transfer further powers.
UKIP leader Nigel Farage says there is 'not a cigarette paper' between defence policies. Veterans' minister would be part of Cabinet Office rather than Ministry of Defence. UKIP would cut foreign aid in order to spend 2% of GDP on defence. Tories accuse UKIP of '
Jodie Whittaker will make her debut on the show when the Doctor regenerates. The salaries of 96 of the BBC's biggest stars were revealed for the first time in the corporation's annual report. Only a third of the stars earning more than Â£150,000 a
Cabinet source says a 'big reset' on green subsidies is coming in the autumn. Solar power industry is expecting its subsidies will be cut within weeks. Subsidies to the renewable energy industry, paid for by consumers, are expected to add up to Â£4.3bn
Archbishop of Wales and Duke of Gloucester among 200 invited guests. Service being held at St John the Baptist in Cardiff city centre. 130th (St John) Field Ambulance made up of men recruited from coalfields across south Wales.
Ellis and Langridge beat Fu Haifeng and Zhang Nan 21-18 19-21 21-10. Pair performed above their world ranking of 22nd to reach Tuesday's semi-final. Team GB have now won 52 medals in Rio.
London Mayor Sadiq Khan said he would bring in a more constructive relationship with the unions. But with this new relationship there are now new tensions. Transport bosses seem bemused the unions are upset over the relocation over eight drivers from Essex depots to Earl's Court.
Coventry City lost 3-0 at home to League One rivals Coventry City on Saturday. Nine men were arrested over a pitch invasion and flares being thrown. The Sky Blues are without a League One victory since 1 November.
Chinese statement issued during visit by US Secretary of State John Kerry. Mr Kerry said the two sides must decide "very quickly" how to proceed. North Korea has recently threatened nuclear attacks, and is feared to be preparing a missile launch. Speculation that a launch could happen on 15 April
The Garfield Weston Foundation made the award to the Mackintosh Campus Appeal, which aims to raise £32m. The art school announced earlier this year plans to purchase the former Stow College building in nearby West Campbell Street for its expanded Garnethill campus.
Dr Ben Clark was one of three air ambulance staff honoured at Pride of Britain awards. He treated victims of the Alton Towers Smiler crash in June. Beckham was among celebrities attending the event at London's Grosvenor House.
Challenge was brought by former enterprise minister Arlene Foster of the DUP. Judge backed claims that because its significance stretched across departmental responsibilities it needed approval from the Stormont cabinet. BMAP identifies zones for retail, residential and commercial development across the city and outlying areas such as Carrick
Drew Talbot has joined Portsmouth from Sheffield Wednesday. The 29-year-old made 260 appearances for the Spireites after joining in July 2009. Talbot has also had spells with Scunthope, Luton and Plymouth.
Ronnie Moore parted company with Hartlepool on Wednesday. The Pools lost 2-1 at home to Stevenage on Tuesday and are four points above the drop zone. Former Middlesbrough assistant Hignett says he is 'walking into a positive situation'
George Edward Cole was born in Tooting, south-west London on 22 Apr 1925. His mother abandoned him when he was ten days old and he was adopted by the Cole family. He left school at 14 intending to work as a butcher's boy but ran away to Blackpool.
The FTSE 100 was down 19.66 points at 6,634.81 at lunchtime on Friday. Easyjet and British Airways owner IAG were down 3.5% and 1.8% respectively. Morrisons and Marks and Spencer fell 2.2% and
Fire Brigades Union (FBU) members walked out on Friday and are due back on 4 November. Some fire brigades have warned the public could be left "vulnerable" and small fires may not be attended. FBU members went on strike in England and Wales in August over the
Prime Minister David Cameron has promised to bring fast broadband to all UK homes. But does he mean everyone, no matter how remote, what technology will be used and who will pay for it? Broadband campaigners have derided the government's 10Mbps minimum as woefully inadequate.
Attorney General Eduardo Montealegre says office was run by criminal organisation. Emails were intercepted from Farc rebel negotiator and government officials. President Juan Manuel Santos was also "probably" targeted, he said. Peace talks began in Cuba in 2012 to try to end five decades of conflict.
Baroness Campbell, 56, is the former boss of UK Sport. She oversaw a rise in the number of British medals won at the Olympics. Campbell will focus her work on increasing grassroots participation and getting success for England's elite women's teams.
Axel Tuanzebe named in Manchester United's 27-man Europa League squad. The 18-year-old defender has trained alone or with the Under-23s under Jose Mourinho. United begin their Europa League campaign away to Feyenoord on 15 September.
Three armed men threatened two security guards with a box of money on Monday night. They took a five-figure sum from the vehicle in Sauchiehall Street, Edinburgh. The area around the bank, which is near the Buchanan Galleries shopping centre, has been cordoned off by police
Donald Trump issued executive orders on trade, abortion and immigration on Monday. His pick for secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, was approved by the Senate Foreign Relations committee, and now requires confirmation from the full Senate. The president also signed an executive order placing a hiring freeze on non-military federal
Funeral of Jim and Anne McQuire, the other Scots couple killed in the Sousse attacks, took place on Friday. The Grahams were visiting the resort to celebrate Mrs Graham's 50th birthday. They were among the 30 Britons who died in the attack on 26 June, which
The pants, embroidered with the royal VR monogram, are being sold on behalf of Yesterday's World museum in Sussex. Sale also includes nightdresses and stockings worn by Britain's longest-serving monarch and Princess Alice. The royal intimate apparel is described as in "excellent
Hearts beat Birkirkirkara 6-3 on aggregate in Europa League qualifier. Callum Paterson, Igor Rossi, Vladimir Voskoboinikov and Alim Ozturk score for Hearts. Hearts will now face Maltese side Birkkirkara in
BBC pundit left his car in a short stay area at Birmingham Airport. He thought Wales would go out early but they have reached the semi-finals. Saunders said he expected to see his parking charges rise to Â£1,000. The airport said on Twitter that if
Anthony Hamilton beats world No. 20 John Wilson in record sixth consecutive ton match. The Nottinghamshire man wins 6-3 in the German Open quarter-finals in Berlin on Wednesday. Wilson made four centuries, and Hamilton two, as the pair completed a record six consecutive tons. Previous record
Consumer group Which? says making products smaller is a'sneaky way' of increasing prices. Latest list includes toilet roll, chocolate biscuits, orange juice and antibacterial wipes. In January Unilever revealed that a number of ice creams would be getting smaller.
Bones were found in a bag wrapped in a pair of dark leggings or trousers in Wakefield. Forensic analysis suggests they had been left in the area some time before October 2015. DNA profile of the mother means several people had been ruled out of the inquiry.
Colombian Pantano outsprinted Poland's Rafal Majka to claim his maiden Grand Tour stage win. Froome was over three minutes behind the winner on the mountainous 160km stage from Bourg-en-Bresse to Culoz. Dutchman Bauke Mollema and
Decision on where to locate new station in or near Sheffield to be made next year. Government's preferred option is for main HS2 route to run east of Sheffield, with a separate spur to take passengers to Sheffield city centre. Critics say HS2 is not needed and will spoil parts of
Lee Novak put the Spireites ahead before Adam Hammill's deflected equaliser. Jamal Campbell-Ryce was dismissed for two yellow cards, one for kicking the ball away. Ollie Banks side-footed home to restore Chesterfield's lead.
EDF says it has called a board meeting for 28 July and Hinkley Point C is on the agenda. It was initially due to cost £12bn, but recent estimates put the cost at £18bn. EDF said it was a "major element" of its low-
The whale was discovered by wardens at the Holkham National Nature Reserve. Biologist Dr Ben Garrod said it was "really unusual" for a fin whale to be found on the east coast. It is not yet known what killed the whale and a post-mortem examination is expected
Man being held over alleged offensive behaviour at Celtic Park. Offices were vandalised and offensive effigies of Rangers fans were hung from stands. Celtic won the match 5-1 on 10 September.
Rana Rahimpour was told by US authorities she could not travel under visa waiver scheme. Under new laws, dual citizens from several nationalities must apply for visa at US embassy. Iranian presenter was told her nationality excluded her from travelling. Two of her cousins were also prevented from
Welsh Assembly's Children, Young People and Education Committee quizzed Estyn about its annual report. Chief inspector of schools Meilyr Rowlands told AMs it was partly due to the "unintended consequences" of how schools' performance is measured. Another Estyn witness said more able learners
Connor Smith, 19, was drunk and had cannabis before attacking Anil Jnagal, court heard. Victim was trying to calm him down when he 'turned on him' and bit his ear. Smith admitted wounding and his barrister said he was remorseful.
Peter Young was in charge of mental health services at Australia's refugee detention centres. He says it became clear authorities wanted to "keep the lid" on health issues asylum seekers were experiencing. New Border Force laws threaten "entrusted people" with up to two years in prison if they reveal
Gaiman's tale about a man returning to his childhood home for a funeral won the public vote. The graphic novelist said he was "amazed and thrilled" Gone Girl, Malala Yousafzai's I Am Malala and David Jason's My Life also on shortlist.
Amari, winner of Junior Bake Off in 2015, gives her verdict on the remaining bakers.
Chairman Lord Bradley announced he was resigning from the trust on Friday. Monitor said it was examining whether the trust had breached its licence. The Christie in Withington said it is the largest cancer centre in Europe.
The Calvapilosa fossil was found in Morocco in the late 2000s. It was only four inches long and scientists think it survived by eating algae off rocks. Molluscs first appeared on earth around 520 million years ago.
Independent News & Media has sold its current premises on Royal Avenue. It decided to move due to the closure of the printing operation within the premises. The paper is currently negotiating with the landlord of an office block.
L/Cpl Craig Roberts and two others died on an SAS selection exercise in 2013. Health and Safety Executive issued a censure, which is the highest action it can take. Ministry of Defence was reprimanded over failures which led to their deaths. UK Government ruled out amending the
The vehicle was taken from a farm in Tilney St Lawrence, near King's Lynn, Norfolk. It was abandoned in Oakroyd Crescent in Wisbech, Cambridgeshire, after it was driven in to a dead end. A man in his 20s has been arrested in
Lord Elis-Thomas said pro-devolutionists should work together to save powers. He said the Plaid group was not willing to seriously participate in government. Plaid Cymru has not agreed to a formal coalition deal with Labour. But it did allow Carwyn Jones to
eHarmony use spiked by 35% in the days that followed Donald Trump's victory. Chief executive Grant Langston says it's reminiscent of those seen after the 9/11 attacks. He says Tinder has made 20-somethings want to participate in online dating.
Amnesty International singles out President Donald Trump in its annual report. But it criticises other leaders, including those of Turkey, Hungary and the Philippines. The group also says governments are exploiting refugees for political ends. It cites a rise in hate speech across the US and Europe targeting refugees.
Junior doctors will stop providing emergency cover on 26 and 27 April. NHS England medical director Sir Bruce Keogh says they will put vulnerable people 'at risk' Chief medical officer Dame Sally Davies says it will 'inevitably lead to patients suffering' Health Minister Ben Gummer claims they
Charteris left Newport Gwent Dragons for Perpignan in 2012. He then signed for Racing 92 in 2014. The 62-cap, 6ft 9in player is out of contract at the end of the 2015-16 season.
The university holds the largest archive of Thomas' letters, diaries, notebooks and photographs. The National Manuscripts Conservation Trust has awarded them almost Â£3,000. Thomas was killed in the Battle of Arras at Easter 1917, at the age of 39.
Matt Machan hits century from just 70 deliveries and hits 18 boundaries and four sixes. Sri Lankan spinner Sachithra Senanayake takes two wickets in two balls for Worcestershire. Daryl Mitchell and Richard Oliver saw off the new ball to end the
Xavi says Pep Guardiola can change the mentality of English players. Guardiola won his first 10 games in charge of Manchester City. Xavi won 14 major honours under Guardiola at Barcelona over four years. The Spaniard left Barcelona in 2015 after winning his fourth Champions League title.
In October, 321 patients were delayed for more than four weeks after they were ready to go home. NHS is also continuing to miss a range of waiting time targets, including for A&E and child patients. The four-week bed blocking target is being cut to two weeks next April
Comrade Akaash's statement comes after the rebels were blamed for Friday's train crash which left 148 people dead. Police say Maoist rebels sabotaged the track, causing the derailment of the Calcutta-Mumbai express in West Bengal. Maoists denied the charge.
Cycling enthusiast Rad Wagon is recruiting people to knit 3,000 miniature "Tour jerseys" Similar idea is being promoted by Harrogate Borough Council for Yorkshire stage. The UK stage of the race comes to the city on 7 July.
Police had appealed for witnesses to an incident in Agnew Crescent on Saturday. A 23-year-old man has now been arrested and charged with wasting police time. Police say they are not looking for anyone in respect of the original alleged robbery.
Beach where gunman opened fire on Tunisian beach has already reopened. But the emotional scars of the tragedy will live on for a generation. Tunisia is a nation in shock - and its tourism lifeline is under serious threat. Thousands of holidaymakers have already left on emergency
Joseph Michael Schreiber faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted. The suspect allegedly made multiple anti-Muslim posts on social media. Islamic Center of Fort Pierce was heavily damaged in the fire. Omar Mateen shot dead 49 people in Pulse nightclub in June.
Use of bothies increases in summer months. Mountain bothies are not serviced and have no rubbish collection service. Last year it took four hours to sort through and burn waste left there.
Tony Gigot, Dave Taylor and Justin Horo scored tries for Wakefield. Morgan Escare and Mikey Sio crossed for the visitors. Pat Richards missed a late kick with his side trailing by two at 30-28.
Gloucester signed Mark Atkinson from Sale Sharks in 2014. The 26-year-old has made 54 competitive appearances for the Cherry and Whites. Atkinson has started a total of 21 Premiership matches for Gloucester.
Jimmy Greaves has suffered a stroke, according to a statement from his family. The 75-year-old was due to be inducted into the Tottenham Hotspur Hall of Fame on May 13. Greaves is fourth on the list of all-time England goalscorers with 44 goals.
Leigh Griffiths opened the scoring from the penalty spot after Patrick Roberts was fouled by Callum Booth. Tom Rogic doubled Celtic's lead before the break with a close-range finish. Callum McGregor scored with a shot off the underside of the bar in the second half.
Peter Weatherson bagged a first-half brace, including a penalty. Matthew Flynn and Josh Todd both struck from close range around the hour-mark. Montrose drop to ninth after Berwick Rangers and Arbroath both won.
Jones made 41 league appearances for the Clarets last season. The 31-year-old joined the club in 2013 following his departure from Wigan. He started his career at Manchester United and has played for Preston, Derby, Blackburn, Wolves and Oldham.
Annan Athletic failed to receive an end of season payment from the league. The League Two side were expecting about £18,000 but the funds were paid into a fraudulent account. BBC Scotland has learned that the money has been retrieved.
The 24-year-old joins former Dons team-mate Dominic Poleon at Bantams. Stuart McCall's side lost to Millwall in last season's play-off final. Bantams start their campaign with a home game against Blackpool on 5 August.
Donald Trump says he would threaten to change law to cut off cash transfers to Mexico. Would force Mexico into a "one-time payment" of $5-10bn (Â£3.5-7bn) President Barack Obama said the plan was "half-baked" and
Party officials opted not to automatically reselect Mohammad Asghar, prompting an open contest. A second AM forced to follow the same procedure, William Graham, finished outside the top four. Second on the list will be Laura Anne Jones, previously an AM between 2003-07.
Mark Warburton is in the running after guiding Rangers to the Championship title, lifting the Challenge Cup and reaching the Scottish Cup final. Peter Houston, whose Falkirk side lie second in the Championship, and Jim McInally, whose Peterhead are third in League One, are also nominated. There
The Sun on Sunday wants to publish an account of alleged extra-marital activities by the man. He argues he has a right to privacy and has taken legal action against the publication. On Monday, Court of Appeal judges gave the man until 10:00 BST on Tuesday to apply to take
Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa said the reshuffle was "unacceptable" The South African Communist Party has called for President Zuma to resign. Mr Zuma's old allies in the trade unions are also considering a call for him to step down. There is no doubt that
The Tigers have been up for sale since 2014. Owner Assem Allam wanted to change their name to Hull Tigers. Hull have just 13 fit players because of injuries. Manager Steve Bruce was a candidate for the England job.
Cecil's head found in home of Theo Bronkhorst, one of the co-accused. Zimbabwe Conservation Task Force chairman wants it mounted in national park as memorial. Mr Rodrigues says he has been subjected to a torrent of abuse after speaking out against hunting. C
Bradley Dack headed home a Paul Konchesky cross five minutes before half-time. Charlton's Ricky Holmes saw a second-half penalty saved by Stuart Nelson. But Nicky Ajose converted the spot-kick a minute into time added on.
Families with one parent with a taxable income of more than £50,000 will lose some of the benefit. It will be withdrawn entirely if one parent earns above £60,000. Government hopes to save £1.5bn a year to help reduce the deficit. David Cameron described
PCC Tony Hogg was elected in November 2012. For the remaining eight months, he said his priorities included improving police funding. Since 2011, officer numbers in the force have fallen by about 400. Mr Hogg said he would still be doing the job in his 70s if he
Swansea legend Alan Curtis will no longer be involved with the first team. Curtis, 62, played more than 350 games for the Swans. He has been caretaker manager three times and has also served the club as first-team coach.
Ten caravans arrived at King George V playing fields car park in Exeter on Friday. Central Youth Football Club chairman said he could not have children walking through their campsite to the changing rooms. He described the situation as 'irritating' and cancelled all games this weekend.
Louvre and Musee d'Orsay reopened on Sunday following a minute's silence. Culture Minister Fleur Pellerin says government will boost security measures in Ile-de-France. The Eiffel Tower will remain closed until further notice. A total of 129
Welsh postponed Saturday's match against Doncaster Knights because they are unable to raise a side. Old Deer Park side, who won the competition last season, can appeal against the decision. The Exiles were top of their group but the results of their first two matches in Pool Two have been
Middlesex beat Glamorgan by eight wickets in their final ODI at Lord's. Dawid Malan scores 150 as Middlesex reach 255-2 in their 50 overs. Colin Ingram hits 102 as the hosts make 251-9 in response. James Harris takes
Hinchingbrooke Hospital in Cambridgeshire was branded 'inadequate' by CQC. Chief executive Hisham Abdel-Rahman said report was 'problematic' and full of errors. CQC accepted some mistakes but said it stood by the report.
Incident happened in December when 18-year-old man suffered a broken jaw. Police want to trace a woman and a man who were involved in the incident. The woman is described as being in her late teens to early 20s, with long brown hair.
In total, 99 were seized by police under the Dangerous Dogs Act, down 60 from 159 in 2015. North Wales Police said attacks rose from 158 to 246 in the area. In south Wales, it went up from 298 to 332 and in Dyfed-Powys, 45 to 53.
Heather Rabbatts was the FA's first female non-executive director and board member when she was appointed in 2012. In July, the FA board will reduce from 12 to 10 members, and from the start of the 2018-19 season three members of the board will be women. R
Buttler reached three figures in 46 balls, beating the 61-ball hundred he made against Sri Lanka in May 2014. The wicketkeeper hit 10 fours and eight sixes in his 116 not out from 52 balls. Pakistan briefly threatened a thrilling chase, but were bowled out for
Ross Simons, 34, and his wife Clare, 30, died at the scene of the incident in Hanham. The matter has been referred to the police watchdog, the IPCC. Friends said the couple had desperately wanted children and had just been given the go-ahead to start IVF
Mike Welch started selling tyres aged 16. Set up Black Circles, basing it in Peebles, where it employs 50 people. Built it up to annual sales of £28m, with annual growth of around 20% per year since 2008.
Future Landscapes Wales (FLW) report produced by group under chairmanship of Lord Elis-Thomas. RSPB and Welsh Wildlife Trusts said they could not support the report in its current form. Both bodies said there was much to support in the document, but added "we
Surrey's James Tremlett has announced his retirement from cricket. The 33-year-old made a total of 12 Test appearances for England. Tremlett played a key role in the 2010-11 Ashes victory in Australia. He took 53 wickets at an average of 27 in
Technology lets people physically feel the buttons displayed on a touchscreen. Could help drivers keep their eyes on the road.
Fishermen aboard the St Apollo escaped into their life raft during the incident. A rescue helicopter was sent from Prestwick but the group were reached first by the Oban lifeboat. They were taken ashore at Oban and no one was injured.
First time single party has won enough votes to govern alone since democracy restored in 1989. PiS party won 37.58% of the vote, giving it a majority in the lower house of 235 out of 460 seats. Its anti-immigrant stance looks likely to set it at odds with the
Trump says he is 'fearful the election is going to be rigged, I have to be honest' At another event he called Democratic rival Hillary Clinton "the devil" He has made similar comments before in relation to the Democratic race. Warren Buffett challenges Mr Trump to release his tax
Vincent Barker, known as Vinnie, died in July 2012, five months after he had a routine eye test at Boots in Ipswich. The prosecution told Ipswich Crown Court the conduct of eye specialist Honey Rose, 35, was so far below the expected standard it was "criminal" Ms Rose
Lloyd Dyer and Jamie Ward score in Burton Albion's 2-0 win over Birmingham City. Nigel Clough's side move up to 13th in the Championship, while Gary Rowett's Blues remain fifth. Birmingham remain fifth after only their third defeat of the season.
Garbutt was sent off in the 71st minute of his side's 38-4 loss for punching opponent James Tamou. The Australian was banned for two games by the Rugby Football League on Monday.
Steve Warren's sister Kay Coombes said: 'He would want us to celebrate his life' Family also met US Coastguard in Boston to thank them for their efforts in search. The yacht's upturned hull was found by the US Coast Guard on 23 May.
Falkirk Local Government Pension Scheme Fund contribution could pay for up to 300 new homes. London property fund hopes to build 1,000 new homes across the country. Hearthstone Investments aims to raise £150m for its Housing Fund For Scotland.
Sean Dickson scores 207 not out as Kent all out for 412. Shiv Thakor takes maiden five-wicket haul as Derbyshire chase victory. Dickson resumed batting without Joe Denly, who retired overnight after birth of his child.
Officers received a report of an attack on a woman, 19, at Cardiff Civic Centre. Police said the man, 23, from Cardiff, had been arrested on suspicion of sexual assault.
Growing up in diamond-rich eastern Sierra Leone, it was the natural thing to do. Jobs were, and still are, few and far between, so the gemstones were a magnet. Mathew Nyaungwa discovered that the life of an artisanal miner was like that of an indent
Construction will begin in spring 2015 and it is hoped the line will open by 2020. Two new stations will open - Nine Elms to the east and one at the heart of the Battersea Power Station development. The full cost is expected to be up to Â£1bn, which
Passengers could have to change trains on some services between Wales and England. Aberystwyth to Birmingham and Milford Haven to Manchester among routes which could be affected. Transport Secretary Edwina Hart accused UK officials of 'ignorance' over the issue. Respons
Project Sidekick is a new 'augmented-reality' programme. Designed to give mission control a better view of what's happening on the station.
Al-Qaeda-linked militants are increasingly focusing on France's former colonies. Former colonies have become vulnerable following a French-led military operation in northern Mali in 2013. Groups like AQIM may be exploiting high levels of unemployment to gain recruits. France has about 3,000 troops in the
The man's blue Ford Focus and a red HGVGVH collided near Dreghorn on Wednesday. The 36-year-old man who was driving the lorry was uninjured. Police have appealed for anyone who witnessed the crash to contact them.
Moslemuddin Sarkar, 52, arrived back in Dhaka on Tuesday, a day after being freed from a Pakistani jail. His family lost contact after Mr Sarkar left for India in search of work in 1989. He ended up in Pakistan, where he was arrested and spent 15 years in prison
Security expert Brian Krebs broke the news that a vast cache of mSpy customers' data had been dumped on the so-called dark web - an area of the internet that cannot be reached by traditional search engines. The UK's Information Commissioner is now investigating the company. MSpy
Charles Sherwin went on ITV's Take Me Out in 2012 looking for love. He ended up with a string of abuse from Twitter trolls. Now the farmer's told Newsbeat the site needs to do more to punish trolls.
US media claims that former Fifa executive Chuck Blazer recorded conversations with football officials at the London 2012 Olympics. Blazer was a member of Fifa's executive committee from 1996 to 2013. Fifa has already undertaken its own investigation into the corruption allegations. Independent ethics investigator Michael Garcia spent 18 months
Zak Brown has been contacted by McLaren as the company seek a replacement. McLaren have not had a title sponsor since parting company with Vodafone in 2013. The 44-year-old American is also considered a potential chief commercial officer for F1's new owners.
El Mundo said it had original ledger entries handwritten by Luis Barcenas. Mr Rajoy and other PP members have repeatedly denied that they received illegal payments. Barcenas is in custody facing trial for corruption and tax fraud.
16 people have been killed in or near the tunnel trying to get to the UK since June. On Thursday a migrant, believed to be Syrian, died after being hit by a car close to the tunnel. Eurotunnel said services from Folkestone were being delayed by about two hours.
Scott Quigg wins his first fight since losing to Carl Frampton in February. Bury's Quigg beats Jose Cayetano in his return to the ring at featherweight. Frank Buglioni stops Hosea Burton in the 12th round to win the British title.
Hampshire County Council said opening hours would take account of sunrise and sunset. But extra costs would have to be met by additional charges. A decision on exact opening times will be made at a later stage.
High Court told the tweet read: "I wonder if he will reveal how many people he harassed and shot" Mr Elliott served in the UDR for 10 years, between 1982 and 1992. Mr Justice Stevens has reserved judgement on the amount of compensation. Insurance firm which indemnifies ML
Pakistani government denies any knowledge of the raid before it took place. No base within Pakistan was used by US forces, ministry of foreign affairs says. Bin Laden's young daughter had said she saw her father shot, says ISI official. The compound in Abbottabad was raided when under
Austin Haughwout claims he was kicked out of Central Connecticut state university. University says he was expelled over threats to shoot people there. But lawyer for 19-year-old said he was only joking and was protected by free speech. Last month, he and his father were ordered
The roundabout at Elephant and Castle was replaced with two-way traffic on Sunday. TfL said congestion was due to "traffic getting used to the new layout" Road users took to Twitter to complain about their Monday morning commute. "Shock horror! All approaches to Elephant and
Middlesex beat Kent by three wickets in their one-day international match. Paul Stirling and Eoin Morgan add 214 for the third wicket as Middlesex win by 31 runs. Sean Dickson (99) and Darren Stevens (61) top scored for Kent with 135 for
Nikkei closed down 0.19% at 18,264.22 after surging almost 8% on Wednesday. Tokyo index closed down 2.5% on Thursday - among Asia's big losers. Concern over whether US Federal Reserve will raise interest rates next week has set in.
Vote held on Friday was for 68 seats out of the 290 in parliament. For the first time in 13 years moderates and reformists now have majority. Hardliners had a majority in the outgoing parliament.
Bruno Alves has joined Rangers from Fenerbahce for £4.5m. The 35-year-old centre-back is Caixinha's first signing as manager at Ibrox. McCarthy was at Porto when Alves was breaking through and
Bydd yr Eisteddfod Genedlaethol yn cael ei chynnal ym Modedern ar Ynys Môn rhwng 4-12 Awst.
Accident happened at the event in Blaxhall, north-east of Ipswich. The air ambulance service attended and the man was pronounced dead at the scene. Police said there were "not believed to be any suspicious circumstances" surrounding the incident.
India's pharmacies say online drug retailers are putting customers at risk by failing to follow existing rules. Government says it is in process of drawing up guidelines to regulate online drug sales. Customers will be able to buy emergency drugs using special telephone numbers printed on posters and newspapers.
Palin is the only Republican in recent history to show the star power that has elevated Mr Trump to the top. For some Republican candidates, an endorsement from Ms Palin could alienate their support. Dismissing Ms Palin's support as irrelevant or misguided could prove a tricky line of attack
Anthony Tavernor has been restoring the 10-acre garden for 20 years. He bought the then overgrown 200-acre estate on Anglesey in 1996 and has restored it. Fans include the Prince of Wales, who had hoped to visit the estate, he said. But flood water
Nick Griffin was the leader of the BNP for 15 controversial years. He was on the verge of a breakthrough for a far-right leader. There was the prospect of becoming a British Jean-Marie Le Pen. In 2009 he and Andrew Brons were elected to the European Parliament.
The Healthy Me initiative was launched at Carrick Primary School in Lurgan, County Armagh. It consists of 'interactive workshops' in which pupils learn about emotional wellbeing. Workshops also provide teachers with basic training in promoting wellbeing.
Doris, Blessing and Wheely Good Sheep were painted by schoolchildren. Website said they were installed to mark the Tour of Britain. Two suspects were arrested following a chase on foot.
Joe Allen has a year left on his current contract at Liverpool. The 26-year-old has started only eight Premier League games for the Reds last season. Allen was named in Uefa's official Euro 2016 team of the tournament.
Ian Coulter, formerly of Tughans, questioned under caution as part of criminal probe. He was interviewed on Wednesday and released without charge. Coulter left the firm earlier this year after a dispute over a fee linked to the Nama deal. Nama was set up to take
Suliman signed a professional deal with Aston Villa in January 2015. The 18-year-old can play at right-back, centre-half and in central midfield. He has represented England since under-16 level and made 16 international appearances for the under-17 side.
MPs take part in a random draw to decide who gets to propose a bill in the Commons. Private Members' Bills can be introduced in three different ways. Opposing MPs can stop these sorts of bills progressing by "talking them out" The Commons' Procedure Committee called the process "
Iran has diluted half of its higher-grade enriched uranium stockpile, IAEA says. This will be seen as a positive sign by the West, as it lengthens the time Iran would need to make a nuclear bomb. Talks have started on turning the temporary agreement into a permanent one
GB beaten 71-60 by Netherlands in final warm-up match for Eurobasket qualifying. London 2012 Olympian Andrew Lawrence scores 14 points for the hosts. NBA player Ben Gordon adds 13 points for Joe Prunty's team. Netherlands led for most of the first three
New polymer £10 note features Scottish mathematician and astronomer Mary Somerville. Her hometown of Burntisland in Fife also features on the new note, along with two otters. Bank of Scotland also has a polymer £20 note, not expected to enter circulation until 2020.
Memorial service held in Dallas for Dallas police officers killed by Micah Johnson. Micah Johnson killed the officers at a protest held over the recent police shootings of African Americans in Minnesota and Louisiana. Protests over excessive police force against black Americans have been held in cities across the US.
10ft (3m) python held on for 1hr 50 min flight between Cairns and Port Moresby. Passengers first became aware of the reptile 20 minutes after take-off. The snake's body was hammered against the engine, leaving blood stains on the white paint
Axel Springer is one of Europe's largest digital publishing houses. It failed to buy London's Financial Times in July. Business Insider was launched in 2007 by former Wall Street analyst Henry Blodget.
Sport England is funding routes in Bewsey and Dallam areas of Cheshire. High numbers of people do not have their own transport in those areas. Seventy-nine families have already taken advantage of the initiative.
Of the 216 planets found by the Kepler telescope, 10 could be habitable. This is because they are in the 'Goldilocks Zone' of their solar system - not too hot or too cold. If a planet is in this zone, water can be in its liquid form in liquid form
Puppies are thought to be about six or seven weeks old. Breeds included beagles, basset hounds, labradoodles and pomeranians. Operation was part of Operation Delphin, a collaboration between animal welfare organisations.
Survey suggests 77% of Britons want to see immigration cut. Almost half of those surveyed, 47%, thought immigration was bad for the economy. Figures revealed in a BBC documentary called The Truth About Immigration, to be broadcast later on Tuesday.
Durham University said the structure needed repairs costing Â£14.7m and wants to demolish it. A petition calling for it to be refurbished and maintained has attracted hundreds of signatures. The building splits opinion in the city, with some residents referring to it as a "concrete
Rollright Stones is made up of three Neolithic and Bronze Age megalithic monuments. Award recognises places that provide good views of the stars accessible to everyone. Trust head accepted the Dark Sky Discovery award at Long Compton Village Hall.
Thomas Bebbington, 22, was last seen entering the river near the Dana Steps on 10 November. A body was found by a member of the public on private land near Leighton, Shrewsbury. The 22-year-old's family has been informed, West Merc
Neil Kernohan wins Dundrod 150 Lightweight race. Christian Elkin takes Ultra-Lightweight honours. Dundrod 150 Superbike race cancelled due to deteriorating visibility. Roads closed at 09:30 BST for Ulster Grand Prix.
Severe storms in December 2013 caused damage to an existing dune system. Report says there is evidence they have begun to re-establish themselves. But Denbighshire council is considering creating a secondary system.
ScotRail said it aimed to run two-thirds of its services and buses would replace trains on some routes. Operator has published an amended timetable listing cancelled services and those with reduced frequency. Aslef accused the Abellio-owned operator of trying to push new terms and conditions through
EU objects to Hungary's tight controls on asylum seekers and non-governmental organisations. Critics say the education law could lead to the closure of the Central European University. Thousands of Hungarians have held protest rallies against the laws in recent months. Hungary is currently forcibly housing asylum seekers in secured shipping
Sculptor Tim Schmalz created Jesus the Homeless after seeing him on a busy street in Toronto. He is now looking for a home for the statue, which has divided opinion in America and England. An anonymous Episcopalian benefactor is funding 12 casts of the statue to
Topps' products include Star Wars, Disney's Frozen, Top Gear and UEFA champion league. Topps declined to say how many people were affected or why the payment card numbers were at risk. The New York firm told the BBC that the vulnerability had since been fixed. A security researcher
Rahane becomes fifth Indian to score centuries in both innings of a Test match. India declare on 267-5 after South Africa make 72 in as many overs. A 300-plus target has been reached just once on Indian soil, when the home team defeated England in 2008.
Figures show 166 motorists were stopped by police for using their phones in March. Handsoff campaign said driving and using a phone is a 'lethal cocktail' Charity Brake wants a total ban on phone use as even using hands-free increases your likelihood of being involved in a crash.
Cheeky received 16 puncture wounds to both hind legs, the abdomen and neck. She was injured at Greenmeadow Community Farm, Cwmbran, almost a month ago. The youths, two male 17-year-old males, have been bailed pending phone and forensic examinations
Oxford City Council says it has run out of land for new burial sites. Two cemeteries still have space, in Wolvercote and Botley, but they are expected to be full. The last increase in burial space in Oxford was in 1932.
Grammy winner was unhurt in the shooting at a private party in San Jose. Mobile phone footage shows him wincing as shots ring out. All five people injured are expected to survive, police say.
Up to a dozen A-29 Super Tucano aircraft would be sold to Nigeria. Deal was agreed by the Obama administration, but halted on day it was due to be sent to Congress. About 90 people, mainly women and children, were killed in January when the Nigerian Air Force mistakenly bombed a camp
Conservative MP Fiona Bruce said law was being "interpreted in different ways" But her proposal was defeated by 292 to 201. Government said it had been consistently clear that sex selective abortion was "already illegal"
Tandridge District Council leader Martin Fisher has given planners a shortlist of five areas. Plans include Godstone, Blindley Heath, Redhill Aerodrome, Chaldon and Lingfield. The district is 94% greenbelt and Mr Fisher said the council cannot meet housing targets
FAO State of Food & Agriculture 2016 report says "business as usual" would leave millions at risk from hunger. Agriculture contributes one fifth of carbon dioxide emissions, according to the report. FAO director-general: "Hunger, poverty and climate change need to be tackled together
Michael Salmon, 30, admitted five counts of fraud at Cardiff Crown Court. He used his position as freelance producer of a show at Cardiff's Millennium Centre to obtain grants. Salmon, from Grangetown, Cardiff, used £9,000 of the money to fund his own lifestyle
Swansea manager Paul Clement will have a conversation with Terry about his future. The 36-year-old Chelsea captain is expected to leave the club at the end of the season. Terry captained Chelsea to an FA Cup and Premier League Double in Clement's first season in charge.
DUP MP Gavin Robinson criticised those using fear tactics in referendum campaign. He said some argued that Northern Ireland would 'descend back into violence' if UK left EU. Committee is examining issues like the economy and the border with the Republic of Ireland. Ulster Unionist MLAs
Gen Zahir resigned last week after presiding over a rise in militant attacks. His spokesman sparked confusion by claiming his resignation had been rejected. The interior ministry confirmed his replacement as Abdul Rahman Rahimi.
More than 95,000 of those who turn 65 this year can expect to celebrate their 100th birthday in 2047. The number of centenarians has been steadily increasing - from 600 in 1961 to nearly 13,000 in 2010. In 2012, the figure is expected to hit 14,500,
British researchers looked at the impact of an extreme drought event in 1995 on butterfly species. They identified six species, including the Cabbage White and the Speckled Wood butterflies, that were particularly sensitive to heat. Researchers then looked at what might happen to these creatures under different levels of warming up to 2100
Bike was struck by a lorry near a petrol station on the A830 at 17:15 on Thursday. Police warned drivers to expect delays in the area as there are no local diversions.
Firstsource Solutions said new staff will be based at its Cardiff Bay site. The company already employs about 800 people.
Zimbabwean MP Joseph Chinotimba and his wife Vimbai kissed their way into the Book of African Records. Cameroon's parliament debated a new law which would see men who commit adultery sent to jail. An elephant in Zimbabwe suspected to have been targeted by poachers was not so
Teenager spoke only to confirm name, date of birth and address at Chelmsford Youth Court. No plea was taken and he was bailed to appear at Crown Court on 9 January. Arkadiusz Jozwik, 39, died from head injuries after he was punched and fell to
Colin Raymond Cooke, 62, has had his term increased to 11-and-a-half years. He had been convicted of conspiracy to rob and assisting an offender. Paul Cooke was one of several men who plundered Ronald Smith's house.
Office for National Statistics looked at income, employment, health, education, skills and training and crime. Guildford, Woking and St Albans were found to have the highest proportion of the least deprived areas. 29 out of 45 towns and cities in southern England had an average house price
The Olivier Awards will be held at London's Royal Opera House on 3 April. Ball will be hosting the nominations announcement, taking place on 29 February. The West End singer and presenter has previously won two Oliviers - for best actor in a musical in 2008 for Hairspray and in
Dinefwr Park in Llandeilo is the only example of Brown's work in Wales. He was commissioned to design the gardens in 1775 by George Rice and his wife Cecil. The couple wished to emulate Brown's creations at the homes of their friends in and around London.
Katharine Walker, 51, and Andrew Virco, 50, from Cambridge, died with two other Britons. Ms Walker's daughter, Rebecca, 22, said the couple were on a "big adventure" "New Zealand was her dream. Her and Andy had been planning it for a
Number of corporate insolvencies fell by 21% to stand at 188 in first three months of 2015. Figure was 10% lower than the previous quarter. Small and medium-sized enterprise (SME) sector in healthier economic position.
Seanie Johnston, Padraig Faulkner, Ciaran Brady and Liam Buchanan return for Cavan against Carlow. Monaghan face Longford at Clones with Fermanagh against Mayo at Castlebar. Derry face Meath at Owenbeg, Cork face Limerick
Gurpal Shehri, 28, was found guilty of misconduct in a public office at earlier hearing. He met the man at the Fitness Station gym in Dogsthorpe, Peterborough. Sentencing him, Judge John Plumstead said he had been a "spy in the
Alan Knight, 51, admitted murdering David Bond, 50, in Worthing in August. He was sentenced at Hove Crown Court to serve at least 19 years in prison. Police said the killing followed a row over the cleanliness of the house they both lived in. Det Ch Insp
Viewsnight: The rise of Islamic State is a kind of Reformation within Islam. Tariq Ramadan says we should not try to understand Islam through a Christian lens.
Lachie Stewart, 30, from Easter Ross, was working in Bhogpur, India. He was thought to have been travelling to Delhi when he lost touch with his family. A Facebook page set up as part of efforts to find him, said he was found on Saturday.
South Central Ambulance Service (SCAS) runs the non-emergency phone line. Oxfordshire Clinical Commissioning Group (OCCG) has said the service lacks "resilience" It has ranked the phone line as a "red risk", the highest category for risks
Green scored 13 goals as Mansfield missed out on the League Two play-offs. The 30-year-old only managed four league goals after Steve Evans took over as manager. Green scored 86 goals during two spells over four seasons with Mansfield.
Taekwondo is the latest sport to be involved in a welfare controversy. Concerns from English Institute of Sport medical staff over coaches' practices led to a review in 2015. The EIS has queried the review panel's independence and findings. Both UK Sport and GB Taekw
Glamorgan top scorer David Lloyd hits 102 not out in draw with Sussex. Aneurin Donald (44), Jacques Rudolph (38) and Stu Whittingham (1-58) also top scored for Glamorgan. Sussex remain in the lower half of the Championship
Rod Ashley will succeed Jim Lindsay who is retiring at the end of the year. Mr Lindsay will continue to act for Airdrie Savings Bank in a consultancy role. Scotwest serves around 30,000 people and its asset base has grown by 400%.
Lynn Davies, 58, from Neath, was given six months to repay the cash. Charged victims £500 on top of every £1,000 borrowed and loaned £23,395 over seven years. Caught out after an anonymous tip-off to the Wales Illegal Money
Dr Paul Wright says Jamaica's anti-doping regime has been woefully short of international standards. Comments come after World Anti-Doping Agency (Wada) visited Jamaica last week. Wada investigating claims that country's athletes were not being tested rigorously enough. Jamaican
Cesare Prandelli resigned as Azzurri coach after they were knocked out in the World Cup group stage. Conte won the Serie A title in each of his three seasons in charge of Juventus. He has also managed Bari and Siena to promotion from Serie B
Nathaniel Knight-Percival opened the scoring with a brilliant overhead kick. Shaun Whalley took advantage of poor defending to score a second goal. Tom Aldred drove in from 15 yards before Danny Philliskirk fired into the bottom corner.
European Investment Bank (EIB) helps pay for major projects, lends at cheap rates and guarantees rates. It lent more than £5bn in the UK in 2015. David Cameron recently highlighted the EIB's work, including trains for the East Coast Main Line, the extension of the M
The embalmed body of Marcos is currently on display in his home city of Batac. The decision to move Marcos is controversial because of his record of huge corruption. Left wing critics of the transfer argue that it is inappropriate to provide an honourable burial. President Marcos and his wife
Victims found in raids at three restaurants in Coventry, Wolverhampton and West Bromwich and an address in Handsworth, Birmingham. Police suspect the men were working for "next to nothing" The suspects, who are both Slovakian, arrested on suspicion of providing staff through a recruitment
More than 50,000 migrants remain in Greece waiting for a decision about their futures. Angus Crawford visited three sites to find out how they are living. Lesbos used to get more than 5,000 a day. On Monday there were just four.
Mary Hampton's bicycle was stolen while she did her weekly shop in Waitrose. The 89-year-old admitted she was'very silly' not to have locked it up before she left. News of the theft was shared on social media and dozens offered to buy her a new bike.
Police helicopter crashed onto the roof of the Clutha bar on 29 November 2013. Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) issued interim report last year. It said both engines on the helicopter "flamed out" due to a fuel supply problem. The report, however, did not set
AC Milan striker Mario Balotelli says he will leave the pitch if it happens again. Balotelli was one of three AC Milan players targeted by Roma fans during their match on Sunday. The Serie A fixture was halted for two minutes after the visiting fans racially abused players. Roma
Leah Washington, 18, and Joe Pugh, 19, were among four people badly injured. Ms Washington had a leg amputated and Mr Pugh suffered shattered knees. The event takes place at the Metrodome Arena in Barnsley on 14 November.
Vertigo beats Citizen Kane by 34 votes to take top spot. Hitchcock's 1958 thriller stars James Stewart and Kim Novak as a retired cop with a fear of heights. Yasujiro Ozu's Tokyo Story, from 1953, is ranked third - bettering its 2002 placement
Convicted murderer David Sweat, 35, was shot twice and captured in Constable, New York. His prison-break partner Richard Matt, 49, was killed by police on Friday. The two murderers escaped three weeks ago from the maximum security Clinton Correctional Facility. Sweat was serving a
Officer was attacked after stopping a van in Cleveleys in November last year. He suffered injuries to his torso and face and is expected to return to work soon. William Ashton, 39, is due to appear before Blackpool Magistrates' Court.
Coke's sales in Europe, its third biggest market, declined 1% in the quarter ended 1 April. Latin America sales plunged 12.2%. Sales in Asia Pacific, including China, dropped 4%, but volumes increased after the company sharply cut prices.
The Trapang Sangke community has won back fishing rights from the Cambodian government. Fishermen can now earn $6 for half a day's work. Tourists are given tours of the area as part of a drive to create an eco-tourism destination.
West Ham sign Ravel Morrison from Manchester United on a three-and-a-half-year deal. The 18-year-old midfielder was subject of a rejected bid from Newcastle United earlier in the month. Sir Alex Ferguson recently branded Morrison's contract demands as "unrealistic"
Candidates at Republican Jewish Coalition presidential forum all but certain about nature of violence in San Bernardino. Christie: 'For the first time since 9/11, we're going to have to confront the loss of American life on American soil to terrorist conduct' Cruz: 'We live in a
Christ Church student banned from future events and must apologise in writing. The dean of Christ Church said the student's costume was intended as satire. A 19th Century violin has been sent to a Syrian musician living as a refugee. An exhibition of work by an influential artist is due to open
Raymond Russell, 34, was charged with being concerned in the supply of a controlled drug to another person and also drug possession. He was one of two men arrested and charged following Operation Archerfish on Thursday. Eight houses in Galashiels, Hawick, Kelso and Selkirk were
Wales beat Russia 3-0 in their final Euro 2016 qualifier to finish top of Group B. Wales will play either Northern Ireland, Turkey or Albania in Paris on Saturday. Defender James Chester says Wales owe a debt of gratitude to Gareth Bale. Bale's goal against Russia
Council umbrella body Cosla says the problem is in particular "pockets" of the country. Scottish government has increased student teacher numbers in each of the last four years. Councils across Scotland are now committed to trying to maintain teacher numbers. But filling vacancies requires, of course,
Care home staff had written to Clooney, who lives nearby, telling him a visit would make Pat's dreams come true. "This was a classy gesture from a wonderful man," a Sunrise UK spokesman said. Pat Adams "loves George Clooney and mentions everyday how she would love him
33ft deep hole appeared in Fontmell Close, St Albans, on 1 October last year. Families in more than 50 homes were left without power, water or sanitation. Microgravity survey and exploratory drilling established the hole was caused by old mine workings.
Steve Walsh will work with new Everton manager Ronald Koeman. The 51-year-old had only signed a new contract with the Premier League champions in May. Walsh has been credited with helping discover bargain signings such as Riyad Mahrez and N'Golo Kante.
Jeff Hendrick has been ruled out because of a shoulder problem. Harry Arter will miss the Dublin games because of an Achilles injury. Stoke City forward Jon Walters sat out training sessions in Dublin over recent days.
Owen Farrell extends his stay at Saracens until 2018. The 25-year-old has helped Sarries to three Premiership titles. Farrell has 52 caps for England and four for the British & Irish Lions.
Sam Cooke, 22, from Manchester, arrived home to find two cards on his doormat. One said the parcel had been put through an open window. The second read: "I'm really sorry I think your parcel might have fallen down the toilet" Royal Mail has apologised but Mr
Sutton United beat Cheltenham Town 2-1 in the second round of the FA Cup. Danny Wright and Matt Tubbs scored for the Robins, before Roarie Deacon scored late winner. Sutton have won just one of their past eight games in the National League.
Photographer Gareth Iwan Jones spent time at more than 30 caravanning sites across the UK. Iwan Jones travelled more than 2,000 miles with his wife and stayed at a total of 30 sites. Caravan, A Great British Love Story will be published in early June by Frances Lincoln
Sgt Brian Wood, who served in Iraq in 2004, said allegations had been damaging. Veterans minister Mark Lancaster said IHAT was set up for the right reasons but was 'completely abused' Sgt Wood said it would have been better for allegations to be considered in detail.
Ibori was once seen as one of Nigeria's wealthiest and most influential politicians. Some $35m of his alleged UK assets were frozen in 2007. He changed his plea to guilty and admitted stealing money from Delta state. Prosecutor called him a "thief in government house"
General Manager Patrick Diack said he could not think of a better time to recruit for the post. Blue Monday on 18 January, meant to be the gloomiest day of the year, might inspire some "amazing applicants" The successful applicant will take the lead on "all the fun things" to
Stuart Hogg continues at full-back and will be the only player to start the first three Pool B matches for Scotland. Fly-half Finn Russell is absent through injury and flanker John Hardie is not being risked. Impressive performers Sean Maitland and Mark Bennett are left
Emily Slough, 27, stopped to feed her eight-month-old daughter Matilda in Rugeley. Her campaign has attracted thousands of "likes" on Facebook. Swansea mother Jade Richards organised a breastfeeding protest in Castle Square on Saturday. Ms Richards was inspired to
Fleetwood booked their place in the second round on Uwe Rosler's 48th birthday. Cian Bolger, Ashley Hunter and Amari'i Bell all scored in the first half of extra time.
She had sought a judicial review over the alleged failure to issue new guidance on abortion. She claimed the delay compounded the trauma of losing her babies. But on Friday, her lawyers said her goal had been reached as guidelines have now been published. Northern Ireland's abortion law differs from the rest
Every BBC local radio station in England and the Channel Islands is accepting nominations for a musical blue plaque. The winners will be honoured with a plaque on a building where they lived or a venue where they became famous. To be considered the nominee must be: The candidates will be submitted to The British
Letter was organised by Dr Clare Gerada, a Labour member and former chair of the Royal College of General Practitioners. But she denied the party had any input into the letter, published in the Guardian. Signatories include Sir George Alberti, who worked as an emergency care tsar
Members of the CNTE union have been blocking roads in Oaxaca and other states. They oppose reforms that allow federal authorities to remove teachers who fail evaluation exams. Officials say 108 tons of corn will be delivered by the end of the weekend. Last month, eight people were killed in clashes
Quake struck 420km (260 miles) north-west of the capital, Port Vila. Threat of tsunami waves has now mostly passed, Pacific Tsunami Warning Centre says. Quake was fairly shallow - at a depth of about 35km (21 miles) - but no
Speaker of the House of Representatives Bronwyn Bishop is at the centre of an expenses scandal. She spent A$5,000 on a helicopter flight to a Liberal Party function that could have been reached by road. Ms Bishop also claimed expenses for travel to several weddings of her Liberal Party colleagues
Caroline McKeich was found dead on the banks of the River Leven in Dunbartonshire in 1996. Her mother, Margaret, recently led appeals as the inquiry reached 20 years without a conviction. Crimestoppers said the reward would be paid for information which leads to an
Italy beat Belgium 2-0 in Group E opener. Gianluigi Giaccherini and Pelle score in first half. Southampton's Pelle seals win in injury time. 16 of 24 teams progressing from group stage. Both sides now face Republic of Ireland and Sweden
World number three Rory McIlroy cards third straight five under-par 67 to move to 15 under par. McIlroy's round included an eagle on the 12th as he bids to win his first title since May. France's Dubuisson carded a 67 to tie with overnight
Swifty Swift has been a member of the GB Skeleton team for 10 years. The 31-year-old finished 16th at the World Championships in February. Swift entered the GB programme while at university in Bath in 2006. He won the British title in 2008 and silver at
Fire broke out just before 14:00 GMT at the property in Grove Lane, Elmswell. Progress at the scene has been slow due to the weather conditions, Suffolk Fire and Rescue Service said. At its peak 16 crews attended the blaze, which was put out by nine crews.
Philip Bradburn died at Good Hope Hospital, Sutton Coldfield on 20 December. His body was sent to a funeral directors run by Central England Co-operative. Staff requested to move four bodies - including Mr Bradbourn's - to the funeral company. The names of those to
Cambridgeshire and Peterborough Combined Authority set up this year. It originally estimated annual running costs of about £1.3m. But the scrutiny committee voted against approving it on Wednesday. One member asked if recruitment plans were "written on the back of a bus ticket"
Gordon Reid and Jordanne Whiley reach men's doubles final of Australian Open. Reid and Gustavo Fernandez will play defending champions Stephane Houdet and Shingo Kunieda. Whiley and Yui Kamiji will play Jiske Griffioen and Aniek
Rail services suspended as teams work to clear lines of snow. Forecasters warn of more snow on Thursday and over the weekend.
Car hit by Bedford to Bletchley London Midland Service at 10:00 GMT. Eleven passengers and two members of staff were on board but no-one was injured. Disruption on the line was expected to last until 15:30 GMT, Network Rail said. Police
Gatwick says Sir Howard Davies's decision not to back a second runway was flawed. Airports Commission spent three years hearing submissions from Gatwick and Heathrow. Its report said there should be a third runway at Heathrow but Gatwick wants to expand. Sir Howard has written to
Wembley Stadium is the only stadium in the UK to have a roof over the pitch. Chief executive says talks are continuing with NFL chiefs over the possibility of hosting American Football. Welsh boxing legend Joe Calzaghe beat Mikkel Kessler in front of an estimated 50,000 fans at
Killie beat Falkirk 4-0 in Premiership play-off final second leg at Rugby Park. Kris Boyd and Josh Magennis scored twice each for the hosts. Killie boss Kenny McDowall says changes are needed by next season. Falkirk manager Peter Houston admits his
Weston played 19 league and cup games for the Chairboys last season. The 29-year-old has made 327 career Football League appearances. He is Ebbsfleet's fourth signing since winning promotion from the National League South.
BHS.com will employ 84 people, a fraction of the 11,000 who lost their jobs. The last of BHS's 163 department stores was closed last month. New website, owned by Qatari Al Mana Group, will go live in UK on Thursday.
Microfinance offers small loans to people who do not normally qualify for traditional banking credit. For many recipients it is a lifeline, and very often it is the only way for them to establish a business. Some argue that people can quickly sink into a cycle of debt, with many lenders
President Obama ordered the closure of the Cuban detention camp in 2008. It was one of the first directives he gave when he was elected. Inmates have slowly been transferred out and at the start of the year, 122 men were left. The peak population in 2003 was 684.
Luas drivers voted to accept a pay rise deal recommended by the Labour Court. The four-month stand off resulted in 12 full days of strike action. Irish Transport Minister Shane Ross welcomed the results.
Nadhim Zahawi was awarded Â£200,000 in damages and legal costs. High Court judges said the Iraqi-born Stratford-on-Avon candidate was a victim of 'fake news' He sued the English language news and documentary network over a July 2015 article.
The petition calls on the EU and its member states to stop the talks on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership or TTIP. It says some aspects pose a threat to democracy and the rule of law. One of the concerns mentioned in the petition is the idea of tribunals that foreign investors
Bolton Wanderers are £172.9m in debt and have been trying to find a buyer for a number of months. The Championship strugglers are scheduled in the High Court on Monday over a £3m unpaid tax bill. Wanderers beat takeover offers from banker Roger Tam
Scotland secure first back-to-back Six Nations wins for first time since 2001. Greig Laidlaw scores four penalties to secure victory for the hosts. Craig Gilroy scored a try for Ireland but Paddy Jackson missed a penalty. Ireland have now lost two games in a row
Crispr-Cas9 replaces harmful DNA with new code that kills cancerous cells. Mice with the reprogrammed code developed tumours that were much smaller than cancers in mice that did not get this treatment. Experts call the study promising but say it is unclear yet whether the technique would work
Lydney Harbour was built in the early 1800s to transport iron and later coal. The Environment Agency (EA), which manages it, has chosen the Severn and Wye fish smokery as its preferred bidder.
Nobel Peace Prize jointly won by Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, Leymah Gbowee and Tawakkol Karman. They were recognised for their "non-violent struggle" for women's rights to participate in peace-building work. Mrs Sirleaf is Africa's first elected
Belfast beat Cardiff 2-1 in their first game of the season. The hosts broke the deadlock 13 minutes into the second period. Steve Saviano doubled the lead midway through the third period.
Olympic champion Ed McKeever still needs to qualify for Rio. Belcher and Angela Hannah's K2 500m boat also provisionally qualified. GB's Paralympic squad win two golds and five silvers.
Sixteen people were hurt, four seriously, when the Smiler crashed. Alton Towers said one of its first responders was soon on the scene. Theme park bosses were informed of the accident on Tuesday at 13:57 BST. Ambulance crews said the 999 call was not made until 14
Bomb threat was made over the phone, local media report. The 39-year-old man is being detained under the mental health act. He is undergoing questioning and assessment, police say. Last December, three people died after a hostage situation in Martin Place.
Police used tear gas to end three days of unrest at Christmas Island detention centre. The unrest began on Sunday after an escaped detainee was found dead. Inmates started fires and barricaded themselves inside a compound with weapons. Seven detainees allegedly participated in the unrest are being transferred from Christmas Island to
Inspectors used to be able to cut open pig carcasses to check for signs of disease. But under new European regulations they will have to rely on visual checks alone. FSA says the new system avoids the risk of harmful bacteria being spread. Around eight million pigs a year are slaughtered
Dasilva captained England Under-19s to their first win at the European Championship this summer. The 19-year-old impressed in 10 appearances for Charlton at the end of last season. He is yet to play for Chelsea but has been linked with a move to Stamford
Sam Sebastian, 18, also suffered a cardiac arrest at West Gate School in Leicester. He slipped out of his rubber ring and was underwater for a minute and a half before being revived. Eileen Coull, 63, and Marilyn Smith, 61, will be sentenced at Leicester Crown Court.
Two children are among those missing. Neighbours did not report hearing any explosion. Some masonry fell on the nearby Naples-Salerno railway line.
Sweeney spent 13 years at Hartlepool, making 444 appearances. The 32-year-old was released by the Cumbrians at the end of last season. Sweeney was manager Neil Aspin's sixth addition this summer, which has now risen to 13.
Astronaut Major Peake made history last month when he became the first Briton to walk in space. The event, held at the World Museum in Liverpool, was streamed to thousands of schools. Pupils simultaneously conducted simple experiments.
Tomasz Raszkiewicz was on the run from Polish authorities at the time of the attack. Lucasz Gal's injuries mean he will have "no quality of life", Preston Crown Court heard. Raszkiewi admitted wounding or inflicting GBH with intent and was
The winner of the inaugural Global Teacher Prize was recognised for her work in teaching reading and writing. Nancie Atwell has promised to donate the money from the prize to the school that she founded. Bill Clinton said the prize would help to remind the public of the importance of the profession.
Sir Richard Leese is a senior figure in the drive to unite the north of England as an economic force. North Wales could benefit from better transport links and growth potential, he said. But Sir Richard also said the region "needed more freedom" from the Welsh assembly.
The 28-year-old left Rovers after their National League promotion final defeat by Grimsby earlier this month. He made 33 league appearances this season, scoring six goals from defence.
Adele wins five Grammys, including best album, song and record of the year. Beat Beyonce's Lemonade by a factor of 10 to 1 to become the year's biggest-selling album. Frank Ocean, Kanye West and Chance the Rapper all snubbed the ceremony.
Liverpool beat West Brom 2-1 in their Premier League clash at Anfield. Adam Lallana and Jordan Henderson scored to secure a first league win since August. Saido Berahino scored a controversial penalty for the Baggies. Brendan Rodgers said the resilience of his players was "
Legal experts had warned that inventors and designers based in Scotland could lose out as a result of planned changes to the law. In future a unified patent court will hear patent cases. There will be up to four divisional courts in the UK - but no plans for one in Scotland.
The dress, studded with 6,000 natural white pearls, was taken from the London Hotel in West Hollywood. Actress was out of the room at the time of the theft. The dress took 25 people 10 weeks to hand-sew by Francisco Costa for Calvin Klein.
Thom Yorke says band were asked to write Bond movie Spectre's theme tune. But it "didn't work out" and Sam Smith's Writing's On The Wall was used instead. Band's brooding, orchestral Spectre is now available as a free download on Soundcloud.
Samuel Ward scored either side of half-time to set up the victory. Henry Weir made sure of the result in the final quarter. Britain face Belgium in their final match on Sunday (10:30 BST)
Overtime bill for officers and staff in England and Wales went up by £6m last year. Figures for 39 forces show overtime bill rose from £307.1m in 2013/14 to £313.2m in 2014/15. Met Police accounted for about a third
Discovery was made during work to extend the castle's main shop and ticket office. Historic Scotland said the find would help establish exactly where the defences stood. European experts are believed to have applied latest Italian military engineering techniques.
Chapman's Ice Cream initially offered to purchase Beavercrest Community School in Markdale for about CA$1m ($741,000; Â£596,000) The aging building could require millions of dollars worth of repairs, and regulations make it tricky for a private company to buy
Recovered Fuels Shipping Limited suspended from accepting waste after fire. Firm was 'broadly compliant' with fire safety law, fire service said. It has until 7 August to appeal the decision.
Google paid $3.2bn (Â£2.1bn) to buy Tony Fadell's start-up Nest in 2014. Fadell sold Steve Jobs on his vision of a portable music player, then worked alongside Jony Ive to build it, update it and then
Sepp Blatter has already announced he will step down as Fifa president in February. Platini has found himself at odds with the FA over Qatar's successful bid to host the 2022 World Cup. Prince Ali Bin al-Hussein of Jordan and Liberian FA president Musa Bility
Shrewsbury move four points clear of the relegation zone with a game in hand. Gillingham slip out of League One's top six, leapfrogged by Barnsley. Sullay Kaikai opened the scoring before Cody McDonald levelled from 20 yards.
Plans for golf and tennis centre at Park of Keir, near Dunblane, announced last summer. Facility would include six indoor and six outdoor tennis courts, nine-hole golf course and a hotel. Stirling Council planning and policy consultation stated the development "cannot be supported
Raccoon dog was found hiding under a water tank in a garden in Lincolnshire. RSPCA inspector Becky Harper said: "While he is very cute, we'd like to stress that raccoon dogs don't make good pets" The animals posed a high level of threat to our native
Ed Miliband returned to the stage in shirt sleeves to face questions from his audience. One questioner joked: "You kissed Barbara yesterday and I'm extremely jealous" Another asked how Labour had won a by-election in Bettws: "The Tories only got 12 votes!" Miliband
Incident involved Russian SU-27 Flanker fighter and RC-135U intelligence-gathering plane. US plane was flying a routine mission in international airspace over Sea of Okhotsk. Incident came amid tension between US and Russia over Russia's involvement in Ukraine.
Snapchat confirmed the figure following a report in the Financial Times. Last week, Facebook said it was now registering eight billion views a day of video material posted on its social media network.
The company said it had a "temporary network issue" on Saturday afternoon and evening. It said calls had since been restored and that it is working to restore full service. But some users on Twitter complained of texts being sent to random numbers.
Elanora Heights Public School, on Sydney's northern beaches, announced the no-clapping policy in its latest newsletter. The school says the rule was introduced to respect students who are "sensitive to noise" It is the latest in a series of school regulations to have faced criticism in the Australian
Cardiff University's Professor Roger Scully said voters were 'unlikely to notice' loss of MEPs. But Labour's Derek Vaughan said it is 'difficult' for MEPs to get recognition. Results emerged in the 2016 Welsh Election Study by Cardiff University and YouGov.
Cricketer Michael Yardy's depression became public knowledge after he left England's 2011 World Cup campaign. Stan Collymore, Marcus Trescothick, Neil Lennon and Robert Enke have all struggled with mental health issues. A panel including Yardy and PFA head of welfare
Williams won gold in the -67kg division at the German Open in Hamburg. The 18-year-old Welsh fighter took an impressive 112 points from just four fights. Williams now trains with double Olympic champion Jade Jones with the British squad.
Joshua and Ortiz have 30 days from 3 August to agree the fight. The 27-year-old had been due to face Wladimir Klitschko in a rematch, before the Ukrainian retired. Joshua also told he must face IBF mandatory challenger Kubrat Pulev before 2 December
Chris Giwa and his team had said they would occupy and take over the NFF offices to start work on Monday. Soldiers and riot police are manning the entrance of the building. It follows last week's court ruling that NFF president Amaju Pinnick lost his post to
The RSPBNI said it could now be considered the 'UK's most pressing conservation issue' There has been an 87% decline in its population in Northern Ireland between the mid-1980s and 2013. The Antrim hills and County Fermanagh are two areas where the bird is
Andros Townsend replaced the injured Raheem Sterling in the squad. Michael Keane will report to St George's Park on Tuesday. Gareth Southgate's side face Malta on 8 October and Slovenia three days later.
Michel Houellebecq won a court case in 2002 against Muslim groups who accused him of insulting Islam. He said he felt contempt for Islam, but he was cleared of inciting racial hatred. The Map and the Territory, first published in French in September, satirises the Paris art world
Male in his early 30s was found with critical injuries in Silvertown, London. He was pronounced dead at the scene and inquiries are under way to locate his next-of-kin. Two other cyclists were killed in the capital within hours of each other on Monday.
Martin Kaymer, Ross Fisher and Robert Karlsson all on 11 under with several holes to play. Levy completed a nine-under first round of 62 earlier on Friday and moved to 17 under. Austrian Bernd Wiesberger, who trailed Levy by a shot after the opening round
The 39-acre property is on the Thames and a new public park is planned there. Chancellor George Osborne has confirmed government backing for plans to extend the London Underground's Northern Line into the heart of the area. Grade II listed building opened in 1933 and generated power until 1983.
Incident occurred early on Wednesday in Helmand province. Soldiers returned fire killing the attackers, a coalition spokesperson said. Dozens of "green-on-blue" attacks in which Afghan security personnel have targeted Western allies since 2007. Insider attacks have become one of the gravest
Glasgow Warriors play Edinburgh in final Pro12 match of the season. Glen Park clash is final game before new Scotland coach takes charge of national team. Townsend will name his squad for June Tests against Italy, Australia and Fiji on Monday. Former Scotland captain Mike Blair will join
20-year-old spent last season on loan at Torquay United in the National League. Bruno Ribeiro has since taken over at Vale Park, where he has established himself in the first team. Youngster is expected to be offered a new deal by the League One
Twin-engined CN235 transport plane came down in a rural area near the town of Codazzi. Colombia's President Juan Manuel Santos described the victims as heroes. All of those killed were members of the Colombian air force.
The private Caixin/Markit manufacturing purchasing managers' index (PMI) dropped to 47.8 in July from 49.4 in the previous month. A figure below 50 shows contraction in the sector and one above means growth. The reading was the lowest since July 2013, when it fell
Wojciech Szczesny saves from Diego Laxalt and Bruno Peres in first half. Mattia Perin injured himself making a brilliant reaction stop to deny Edin Dzeko. Ivan Perisic scores twice as Inter Milan beat Udinese 2-1
Able seaman Charles Lewis, 91, from Calmore, Hampshire said he was 'honoured and delighted' Foreign Office initially did not allow Russia to honour veterans as it broke the rules on foreign medals. More than 3,000 men died during the maritime campaign that Winston Churchill was said to
Three men, aged 22, 24 and 46, have been charged with targeting a former security forces member. A fourth, 22-year-old, is charged with the attempted murder of police officers. They were arrested last week by police investigating dissident republican activity in the area. The
Encore recorded 20,000 combined sales, the Official Charts Company said. The Chainsmokers go top with Closer, their collaboration with US singer Halsey. DJ Snake and Justin Bieber's Let Me Love You remains at two for the fourth straight week.
Skull of an adult male was found by the M54 slip road on Thursday. Workers were surveying a roundabout near Telford when they made the discovery. West Mercia Police said the remains had been there for at least two years.
UN estimates 15,000 people in Leogane have been affected by the floods. Fifty-nine people had died up until and including Thursday, and 617 others had been infected, bringing the total affected to 7,359. Hurricane Tomas left eight people dead in western Haiti.
Move sparks taunts of 'May, the meals snatcher' - reminiscent of Thatcher's milk snatcher. For some, the idea - brought in by the coalition government in 2014 - was always too expensive. Those opposed also started to claim it might cut into the budget used to provide extra
Revised growth estimates suggest construction industry shrank in the first quarter of 2012, but by less than previously thought. Analysts say the revision may be enough to mean the overall economy narrowly avoided falling into recession for a second time.
The Queen's unguarded comments are atypical for her, but also pose some unanswered questions about the visit. Police Commander Lucy D'Orsi was "seriously, seriously undermined by the Chinese", according to the Lord Chamberlain, who introduced her to the Queen. The Queen
Dean Keates appointed as Wrexham's new manager. The 38-year-old had been in temporary charge after Gary Mills was sacked on 13 October. Keates made over 150 league appearances for the club and captained them to FA Trophy win in 2013.
Mark Dornan, 22, was arrested after officers intercepted a parcel sent from Belgium. The parcel was opened at a Royal Mail depot in Coventry and found to contain over half a kilo of the Class B drug. Police obtained a search warrant and raided his home in Raploch,
So I Can Breathe is a week of stories exploring ways the world is seeking to reduce air pollution. People around the world are sharing their ideas on how to improve the air around them. Londoners want to stop cutting down trees, improve public transport and ban wood-burning stoves.
Indonesian jazz pianist Joey Alexander is the youngest performer ever to be nominated for the prestigious music award. He did not win a Grammy but while the young musician performed on stage, the cameras panned across to singer Bruno Mars. Many from Joey's homeland also expressed their admiration and support for the
Seamus McCollum, 56, died at Maine private nursing home in Randalstown in September of last year. Death was not treated as murder until April of this year, following autopsy results. Police said the woman was being questioned at Antrim PSNI station.
Thalidomide was developed in Germany as a sedative and used to ease morning sickness. It was linked to thousands of birth defects and was withdrawn in 1961. Survivors of the drug are close to a breakthrough in securing compensation from Germany. Arlene Foster added her voice to
New images from the Rosetta probe show a lumpy texture on the surface of comet 67P. Scientists say it could be the building blocks of the body's original building blocks. Images also show jets of gas and dust that appear to drive dust particles into dunes. Cameras
At least a dozen Republicans have said they will not be voting for Donald Trump. Latest to withdraw their support are former Republican presidential candidate John McCain and former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice. Mr Trump says he will never drop out of the race to be president and will never let his supporters
Brenda Wardle appeared at Port Elizabeth Commercial Crimes Court on Monday. She is accused of pretending to be a practising attorney and offering to represent a convicted murderer. Ms Wardle, 56, will represent herself, against the advice of the magistrate.
The 24-year-old Australian lost in straight sets to Germany's world number 30 Alexander Zverev. Tomic was ranked 17 in January 2016 but has fallen to 59 in the world. He has earned almost £4m in career prize money, including £35,000 for his
Neymar transferred from Brazilian club Santos to Barcelona in 2013. Brazilian investment fund DIS claimed it was short-changed when Neymar moved to the Nou Camp. Barcelona was forced to pay a fine of 5.5m euros ($6.1m; Â£4.
Fidel Castro was born on 13 August 1937 to a wealthy sugar farmer from Spain. The Queen was born in London on 21 April 1937 to Lady Elizabeth Bowes-Lyon and Albert, Duke of York. Elizabeth was introduced to her future subjects on the balcony of Buckingham Palace. F
Victim was walking near East Park Road at its junction with Shearbank Road in Blackburn. He was bundled into a car and driven away in a red or maroon car after being threatened. Police say the boy was questioned about his relationship with a young woman. Two men have been
Book is first popular science book to win Samuel Johnson Prize in 17 years. Silberman has been a science writer for Wired and other magazines for more than 20 years.
Great Britain play the Dutch in Amsterdam on Tuesday and Thursday. Reading's Danson, who has scored 89 international goals, suffered a hand injury in February. East Grinstead's Laura Unsworth and University of Birmingham's Lily Owsley are also fit again after injuries.
Blazes took place at forecourts in Salisbury and Durrington overnight. Aircraft was also found burnt out at Old Sarum Airfield in Amesbury, Wiltshire. Police estimate the damage caused at "over £100,000" A 26-year-old man
Martin McGuinness joined the IRA in 1970, shortly after the Troubles began. He said he had not told his parents about his membership of the paramilitary organisation. His mother, Peggy McGuinness, died in 2008 aged 84.
Those who have travelled north across the border include those who have been to Ireland.
Damien Maguire, 43, pleaded guilty to causing death by careless driving. He also admitted causing grievous bodily injury to his wife and her husband. Eileen Maguir, 69, died after the three-car crash in November 2013. Her family said they were disappointed with
Mufawaka Alabash and Asem Alfrhad were convicted of people smuggling. They were acquitted of causing death "through deliberate negligence" Thousands of refugees and migrants arrive daily in Greece from Turkey. Donald Tusk is due to hold talks with Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
The Pro12 comprises teams from Scotland, Wales, Ireland and Italy. The Kings and Cheetahs are expected to join the league after losing their Super Rugby status. Scrum-half Van Rooyen says the players have not been informed of their immediate future. He hopes a berth
Report says Hamas militants disguised themselves as civilians and converted civilian buildings into military centres. Israel made "substantial efforts" to avoid civilian deaths, it said. The militant group Hamas, which dominates the Gaza Strip, called the Israeli report worthless. 50-day conflict between Israel and Gaza militants
Germany came very close to their all-conquering best against Poland. After 20 minutes, they had battered the Poles seemingly into submission. Thomas Muller, scorer of the first goal, was one of several Germany players on song.
Cleverly will face Braehmer for the WBA regular light-heavyweight belt in Germany. The Welshman's three career defeats have all come in his last six bouts. He lost his WBO crown in 2013 when he was stopped by Sergey Kovalev.
Lady Mary Soames, who died last year at 91, was the last survivor of Sir Winston's five children. All but two of the paintings she owned have been allocated to the National Trust. The others will stay in the Houses of Parliament and the Churchill War Rooms.
Manchester is back in the grip of general election campaigning after three-day pause. But is the city ready to move on and talk politics after the terror attack? Some say it is too soon to talk politics, while others say life must go on. Others say the city is defying
Pensioner disturbed a man as he tried to prise open a donation box. He left the church when he saw her, but returned and demanded money. The pensioner was left shaken and has some bruising to her left shoulder. A 45-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion
Tinie has scored more number one singles than any other British artist this decade. His new album, Youth, has been delayed as he revised and refined the tracklist. He says he lost touch with his roots after five years of success.
Aquascutum started as a Mayfair tailors in 1851. Its trench coats were worn by British soldiers during the First World War. In 1953 its wyncol fabric - designed to withstand 100 mph winds - was used by explorer Edmund Hillary in the first confirmed ascent of Mount Everest.
About 100 people queued up at the Wishaw branch after hearing about the fault. A Clydesdale Bank spokeswoman said the problem had been corrected quickly. She said the bank could not reveal how much was kept in any ATM for security reasons.
The Tinbergen Building, which houses the departments of zoology and experimental psychology, will be closed from Monday. A university spokesman said it was not believed there was a health risk to regular users. He said asbestos was found last year, but was not in "accessible" areas.
Jersey submitted a bid to leave the English FA and join Uefa in December 2015. Jersey is not recognised by the United Nations as an independent nation. Uefa's executive will not allow their congress to discuss Jersey's bid.
Department of Health announced in October it would add 1, 1,500 more places each year. It is part of a plan to use UK-trained doctors to ease NHS staffing pressures. British Medical Association says the plan will not address the immediate shortage of medics. Training to become a
Chris Ashton scores two tries in dominant second half for Saracens. Shalk Brits, Brad Barritt and Billy Vunipola also crossed for the home side. Jamie George, Alex Goode and Sean Maitland crossed for Sarries. Bath could only manage a
Kashket scored one goal in 22 appearances for the O's last season. Gape, 21, was captain of Southampton's Under-21 side last term. The pair join amid an injury crisis that has left a third of the Chairboys squad in the treatment room.
Ian Holloway takes charge of QPR for the first time in 10 years on Saturday. He is the latest manager to get reacquainted with familiar surroundings. BBC Sport looks at 10 managers who have enjoyed - or endured - more than one spell with a Football League club.
Woman, known as Nancy, lost her home, business and several loans over 14 months. She was contacted by a man she believed to be in Turkey and asked for money. Nancy said she was'swept off her feet' when she was told the man and his son had been
Most women in Japan end up taking their husband's surname after marriage. But in other countries, women are free to change their surname on marrying. In Greece, you must petition a court for a name change, and in Quebec, even if they wanted to, a wife cannot take her husband
Ospreys beat Scarlets 19-9 on Tuesday night. Scott Williams says Ospreys' kicking game proved vital in the defeat. Owens is optimistic about the future after a poor start to the Pro12 season.
Nottinghamshire reach Finals Day for the first time since 2010. They beat Essex by 39 runs at Trent Bridge on Monday to reach Edgbaston. Samit Patel takes 4-20 as Essex collapse to 123 all out chasing 163.
Blue singer said he was depressed after tour of Kazakhstan ended in July. He said he realised fans could tell he wasn't feeling himself and thought he needed to tell them. Says Strictly was an 'absolute saviour' and he can't thank the BBC team enough.
Paul Ryan, Tim Pawlenty, Rob Portman and Marco Rubio are among the top possibilities. Ryan is seen as a persuasive surrogate with the capacity to take the Romney campaign on the offensive. Marco Rubio is a darling of the conservative Tea Party movement, giving him a grassroots appeal.
Afghanistan is the world's largest producer of opium, the main ingredient in heroin. Growing opium is a crime in the country, but it is still a major cash crop. The Taliban also taxes poppy production in areas it controls, which is a major source of income for its military activities.
Dad was fined for taking daughter out of school for family holiday to Disney World. He appealed against the fine, and at first won the case, but now has been ordered to pay Â£120. Parents will now have to seek permission from school and head-teacher.
Wiltshire Police halted an inquiry into Myra Forde in the 1990s. Forde was later convicted of controlling prostitutes after a successful prosecution. She was jailed for six years after a trial that included allegations that she had supplied children as young as 13 to her clients.
Until now, any man who had ever had sex with another man was barred for life from donation. From 7 November the ban is being lifted in England, Scotland and Wales. But men who want to donate must not have had sex in the past 12 months. This deferral period has
Calum Clark has agreed a three-year contract with Saracens. The 27-year-old hooker will move to Allianz Park this summer. Clark made his Premiership debut for Leeds in 2007 and has won one England cap.
Greek PM Alexis Tsipras has called a referendum on EU-IMF bailout terms. Vote to reject the bailout could trigger a "Grexit", a Greek exit from the euro. A No vote would formally cut the euro pipeline from lenders, and the Greek government could be forced to issue
The image of a close knit collection of professionals pulling in the same direction is forever in tatters. Kevin Pietersen had a book to sell, and he spared no effort in promoting his autobiography. The ECB has been forced to deny leaking a dossier on Pietersen's behaviour that led to his
Lancashire were 39-0 with seven wickets in hand at Old Trafford. But Warwickshire's win at Yorkshire and Worcestershire's victory over Notts saw the 2014 champions finish fifth in the North Group with a worse net run-rate than Lancashire.
RFU plans to reduce the length of the Six Nations to create space for a new international season. If agreed, a six-week tournament would start after the 2019 World Cup. Wales head coach Mike Davies says reducing the tournament from seven weeks to six would be a threat to player safety
The 53-year-old German was last seen on Saturday afternoon. Search involved coastguard helicopter, cliff teams, lifeboat crews and police. Body was recovered by the Sennen lifeboat near Land's End.
Chapels and lodge to be restored at Wrexham Cemetery. Comes after the cemetery won a £1.1m grant from the Heritage Lottery Fund. Council said it was one of the finest examples of a Victorian cemetery.
Nuffield Trust review found examples of nurses filling in for hospital doctors and pharmacists for GPs. But unions warned against using it as a quick fix for problems in the NHS. Report author Candace Imison said there were "huge opportunities" in reshaping the workforce.
Government forces, backed by Russian allies, took nearly all remaining rebel-held parts of Aleppo this week. The International Committee of the Red Cross says the full evacuation of civilians and rebels is likely to take several days. US Secretary of State John Kerry accused Syrian leaders of carrying out "nothing short of a
Militia spokesman said they had "liberated the base and destroyed all the forces inside" Most of the dead were soldiers of the self-proclaimed Libyan National Army (LNA) The LNA is an alliance in the east of the country which does not recognise the government in Tripoli.
Think tank Intergenerational Foundation says students could owe £54,000 in student loans. Fees start increasing from this autumn, meaning £28,600 for three years. Extra costs start to rack up while a student is still at university, because interest is charged as soon as students start
Ms Powell said that Mr Corbyn's position has become 'untenable' as leader. Ms Glass has had a background in education, serving as education select committee member. She now enters a shadow cabinet facing calls for a leadership election.
Wayne Rooney returns to captain England for first competitive game since 1999. Scotland captain Darren Fletcher says a draw would be a good result. Gordon Strachan says he does not need to impress on his players the importance of the match. England top Group F after three games with Scotland fourth.
Tensions have risen since a suspected chemical attack on rebel-held Syrian town. US fired 59 cruise missiles at Syria's Shayrat airbase in response, killing 89 people. Syria denied carrying out the attack and has the support of its main ally, Russia. Foreign Secretary Sergei Lavrov said
Cheshire has been beaten in the race to take on devolved powers. Officials have had to watch as devolution deals were done with the noisy neighbours in Manchester and Liverpool. There's a lack of clarity over what a Cheshire deal might look like.
John Morley, 29, of Deanstown, Finglas West, is alleged to have carried out a sustained weekend attack at the Chimney Corner Hotel in Mallusk. The victim, Derek White, was said to have been stabbed in the chest and leg. Mr Morley is charged with the
African Union force (Amisom) fighting the Islamist militant group al-Shabab is funded by the EU. EU provides $1,028 (Â£700) per month for each Amisom soldier each month. The funds are only released to the force once the accounts from
The pair are expected to be charged with financing terrorism, which carries a maximum penalty of 25 years' jail. The man was previously arrested during Australia's largest counter-terrorism raids in September 2014. NSW Police Deputy Commissioner Catherine Burn reiterated concerns about the girl's age.
3D printed material is foldable so it can easily change shape. US space agency needs to test it in space.
Sheep dogs kept seagulls away from beaches in Lake Michigan, US. Gull dropping are known to be a source of E. coli bacteria, which can cause diarrhoea in humans. High levels of the bug are a leading cause of beach closures in many parts of the
Red kite was discovered by a member of the public at Daintry Wood near Toddington. X-ray showed it had 10 pieces of lead shot lodged in its body. Bedfordshire Police has appealed for information about the shooting. Red kites are protected under the Wildlife and
Membership of the Labour Party has soared since the general election. Jeremy Corbyn believes most of these new members are his supporters. The hope of his opponents is that many may have become disillusioned with his leadership.
South Wales Police could invoke temporary powers allowing officers to search anyone without the usual reasonable grounds. Streets immediately surrounding the National Stadium of Wales will be off limits for anyone without a match ticket on Saturday. No bags will be allowed in the stadium.
Cambodia has one of the highest deforestation rates in the world. Economic Land Concessions (ELCs) introduced in 2001 to support large-scale agriculture. Campaigners say more than 700,000 people have been driven from their homes as a result. Leng Ouch
Tottenham Hotspur beat Manchester City 1-0 at the Etihad Stadium. Harry Kane scores from the penalty spot after Raheem Sterling is penalised for handball. Kelechi Iheanacho equalises for City before Christian Eriksen scores late winner. Spurs
Chad, Niger, Central African Republic, Mali and Somalia are ranked at the bottom of the index. The report says girls affected by conflict are more likely to become child brides. It says girls also suffer during humanitarian crises such as the Ebola outbreak in Sierra Leone.
Sunderland striker Beth Mead has signed a new deal with the club. The 20-year-old will stay at the club until 2019. Mead has netted 11 times in WSL 1 so far this season, including a hat-trick against Chelsea.
Boyd is the third author in recent years to be invited by Fleming estate to write Bond novel. The as-yet-untitled book will appear in 2013, the 60th anniversary of Bond's first literary outing. Boyd has revealed that his story will mark a return to "classic Bond
Matthew Morris, 29, travelled to hotels in Glasgow to meet the girl. He was caught after colleagues at the English Table Tennis Association reported their concerns to police. Sentence on Morris was deferred for background reports and his bail was continued.
Matthew Oliver paid more than one thousand pounds for seed from current world record holder grown in Switzerland.
McLaren have not won a race since 2012 and last won the championship in 2008. Fernando Alonso is happy despite McLaren's poor performance this season. Frenchman Boullier says team's recovery plan is now 'falling into place' Boullier believes McLaren can
Prime Minister pledges to double state-subsidised childcare for three and four year-olds. Labour says it is 'another unfunded announcement' and accuses Tories of 'desperation' Lib Dems say the plans 'ignore working families with the youngest children'
Leanne Wood said she would be willing to put up taxes to fund public services. Plaid leader made the comments in a BBC TV debate a day after the London attack. She also said that she would like to see the highest tax rate raised from 45% to 50%.
Watson will not need surgery after breaking his leg in clash with Raheem Sterling. Latics boss Roberto Martinez said: "It is not as bad as it could have been" The 27-year-old will wear a cast for a few weeks.
Labour has lost every election in Chelmsford, Essex, since 1950. At 87th Labour leadership rally, 500 people queued round the block to hear Jeremy Corbyn. "He's a breath of fresh air," says Helen Davenport, a teacher who had left the party
Scrum-half Murray took a heavy blow to the head in a tackle but was allowed to return to the field after belatedly being sent for an assessment. Munster say Murray showed no signs of concussion. Northampton were found to have breached rules by allowing George North to play on
Holyrood's local government committee to examine how the payments are made. Convener Bob Doris said there was "understandable public concern" about the sums being paid out. Returning officers have been in high demand in recent years, with Scotland going to the polls for five elections
Malcolm Ballantyne, known as Malky, was found at his home in Glebe Place. Police are treating the death as suspicious. Door-to-door inquiries are taking place in Saltcoats and Stevenson.
Cashback websites allow you to access a retailer's online store through a link. You still receive your item directly from the retailer, but you also get some money from the cashback website. The sites have links to retailers of everything from groceries and toiletries to insurance policies. One customer
Chelsea have signed four players for a combined £129m this summer. John Terry and Nemanja Matic have been sold, while Diego Costa has been told he is free to leave. Chelsea have also sold Asmir Begovic, Nathan Ake and Kurt Zouma.
Belfast Metropolitan Area Plan (BMAP) identifies planning zones for 40% of Northern Ireland population. BMAP covers retail, residential or commercial development not only in Belfast, but outlying areas such as Carrickfergus, Lisburn, Newtownabbey and north Down. Finance Minister
Glamorgan bowled out for 289 chasing 290 to win against Gloucestershire. Will Bragg top scored with 75, Jacques Rudolph made 53 and Graham Wagg made 49. Michael Klinger top scored for the hosts with 52. Benny Howell scored 77 not out for the
The scheme would see the creation of a raised walkway along the waterfront area. Scottish government would provide 80% of the funding for the scheme. Dumfries and Galloway Council has already approved nearly £4.5m towards the project. Report to local authority will ask
New website launched for farmers to find advice on dealing with bovine tuberculosis. Five-point biosecurity action plan and poster campaign are also included in initiative. Recommendations include asking for TB history before buying cattle and minimising wildlife access. Farming Minister George Eustice
Iva Barr, from Bedford, was taking part in her 20th marathon. She completed 14 miles of the route before taking an Underground train. Ms Barr has been running marathons for "30-odd years" She said she would "never forget" her final attempt at the famous event
NHS has told the BBC the hospital will not be downgraded. Consultation started into organisation of five hospitals in Northamptonshire, Milton Keynes and Bedfordshire. Review looks at the option of providing specialist centres for some services where this will improve quality. By-election
Kilmarnock chairman Michael Johnston has been at the club for 15 years. Johnston has faced pressure to step down from fans who felt his presence was an impediment to attracting potential club investors. The death of his wife Joanne in March hastened his decision to relinquish his
Ian McNicholl, 52, was in an abusive relationship for 18 months. His ex-girlfriend is serving a seven year prison sentence for GBH and assault. Mankind Initiative said men too often are "too ashamed" to report abuse. In the last three years, police received
Ryan Ledson, Arouna Kone, Kieran Dowell, Chris Long and Gethin Jones all made debuts. Everton had already won Group H when Krasnodar took the lead in the 30th minute. Luke Garbutt made only his third Everton start
Buick, 29, suffered a compression of his T12 vertebrae. He will be assessed again in six weeks. Buick is one of the leading jockeys in Britain.
Jenny goes to a youth club in Glasgow to find out more about the Scottish independence vote.
Shakespeare appointed Foxes manager until the end of the season on Sunday. The 53-year-old has been caretaker boss since Claudio Ranieri was sacked in February. Leicester host Sevilla in the second leg of their Champions League last-16 tie on Tuesday.
Two of the girls were Somali teenagers who disappeared in 2005 and 2012. Health and Social Care Board has said new guidelines are in place and no children have gone missing since 2014. Ulster Unionist MLA Jo-Anne Dobson said it was "frankly appalling" to hear that eight
Authorities fear Paris-style attacks may be carried out in Brussels. At least one Paris gunman had lived in Brussels, officials say. Arrest warrant issued in Belgium for a man named Mohamed Abrini.
Traffic stopped between J23a and J24 at 21:30 GMT for about 20 minutes. East Midlands Airport said the closure was "precautionary" after a Jet2 flight with 153 people on board. Jet2 said LS670 called for assistance on its approach to the airport
Free-to-view channel will show Breaking Bad in its entirety when it launches on 15 April. Spike will also be the first UK channel to show series five of The Walking Dead. It will also bring US pop culture phenomenon Lip Sync Battle to British screens.
Interest rates have been at 0.5% since 2009 and the financial crisis. The first increase is now expected in late 2016. Mr Haldane also indicated that the next rate move could equally be a cut.
Leicester Speedway agree a deal to keep the club going. The British Speedway Promoters' Association say an agreement has been reached. A 15-year lease has been signed for the team's Beaumont Park venue.
46.2 million Americans were in poverty in 2011. Real median income of households in the country dropped by 1.5%. The average poverty threshold for a family of four in 2011 was $23,021.
Volunteers are needed to help with conservation and archaeological survey work. Copper was mined at the scheduled monument until the 1950s. Chalcopyrite was used for 16th century weapons, coins and the hulls of ships.
Support workers believe Jay report on Rotherham abuse may have under-estimated the number. Yasmin Ishaq, who has supported victims, said: "It's not just the young white girls that they're targeting" She said men who they knew to be abusers had never
New England manager Allardyce takes charge of his first game after predecessor Roy Hodgson resigned in the immediate aftermath of the humiliating last-16 exit at the hands of Iceland in France. Allardyce, 61, starts England's campaign to reach the World Cup in Russia in 2018 with an opening qualifier
The man, 22, from Birmingham, was arrested on Wednesday and has been bailed. Latest arrest is in connection with the rape of the teenager in Witton area on 26 July. The girl had previously been raped at the railway station hours earlier. Detectives continue to appeal for a Good
EU defence ministers meet in Bratislava to discuss future military capabilities of the EU. France and Germany present plans for joint development of military hardware and peacekeeping missions. Britain's Sir Michael Fallon says the idea of an EU army would undermine Nato. Germany insists that the idea has nothing
Two of those on board named locally as Kevin and Ruth Burke from Milton Keynes. Believed to have been travelling to Dublin, where Mrs Burke was born, for a christening with three other adult family members. A massive air and land search was launched on Wednesday when the aircraft vanished after leaving the L
Mullah Mansour was killed by a missile fired from a US drone on Saturday. The Pentagon said he had become "an obstacle to peace and reconciliation" But it isn't clear that the new leader will be any more open towards the peace process. Mansour helped oversee the transformation of
Oxfordshire County Council has joined forces with new operator HourBike Ltd. 30 cycles available to hire from seven locations around Headington. The cost of hiring the bikes is free for the first 30 minutes.
Colombian government and Farc have been holding peace talks for three years. Both sides say they hope to reach a final peace deal by March 2016. They say they will ask the UN to send a 12-month mission to oversee any ceasefire. The UN has yet to agree to
Case revolved around horn 'hit' allegedly lifted from Salsoul Orchestra track Love Break. US 9th Circuit Court of Appeals said it would not have been recognisable to public. Producer Shep Pettibone worked on both Vogue and Love Break tracks. Ruling could
Llandeilo residents have been demanding action for more than 40 years. The Welsh Government said construction should start by the end of 2019. Last week, it announced £50m funding for the route as part of £83m budget.
The king commissioned the piano for the palace from Thomas Tomkison in about 1821. It is thought to have been removed from the Pavilion by Queen Victoria in 1837. Its whereabouts for many years are unknown and it is believed to have held in private collections.
India is the third-largest economy in Asia but has been struggling with inflation and currency weakness. Since July last year, the Indian rupee has seen one of the biggest declines among Asian currencies. Key policy reforms, including allowing foreign investment in India's retail sector, have been delayed in parliament for
Blackberry said the Z30 will be released in the UK and Middle East next week. It is the first product to be released by the Canadian company since it announced last month that it was considering putting itself up for sale. Some analysts have suggested a deal could result in its handset division being
Bonhams auctioneers said the sale demonstrated the "many facets" of the late filmmaker's long life. Other items which have gone to auction include a replica of the cane that he used in his portrayal of dinosaur creator John Hammond in Jurassic Park. The sale also includes furniture and other personal pieces from
David Montgomery, 39, was giving evidence in trial of Ronnie Coulter, 48. Mr Coulter is accused of murdering Ronnie Chhokar in 1998 by stabbing him in Lanarkshire. He denies murder and has lodged a special defence blaming Mr Montgomery and another man. On Monday, Mr
Miliband says there is an 'epidemic' of zero-hours contracts undermining hard work. Labour government would give employees the right to a regular contract after 12 weeks. Tories say it is a threat to jobs, but Labour says it would "absolutely not" be.
Les Hutchison has stabilised Motherwell at a personal cost of £1m. Hutchison was never interested in owning or running the club long-term. Motherwell have reached the youth cup final for the first time in 30 years.
Charlene disappeared near Blackpool's North Pier on 1 November 2003. Police believe she was one of a number of girls who were groomed for sex. An appeal will be made on the big screen and inside programmes during the team's match against Brighton at Bloomfield Road on Saturday.
Regulated fares capped at no more than July's RPI inflation rate of 1%. Unregulated fares, such as off-peak leisure tickets, can go up by as much as train companies like. The RDG, which represents train operators and Network Rail, said it was the smallest annual rise
Veterans with amputation-related medical issues can now attend a clinic at the Surrey-based unit's Defence Medical Rehabilitation Centre (DMRC) The first six such patients have already received treatment there. The new set-up mirrors the tertiary referral system within the NHS.
The portraits include broadcasters Dame Esther Rantzen and Reeta Chakrabarti. Oxford's head of equality Trudy Coe said it was "sending a signal" to students. The university faced a high-profile controversy over whether a statue of Cecil Rhodes should be removed
Derbyshire were knocked out of the T20 Blast by Hampshire on Tuesday. The Derbyshire skipper says his side will return to the competition next year. He says they will take pride in their performances throughout the competition.
Four national football associations were unable to agree on sending Great Britain teams to Rio. Fifa said it would need the agreement of the ruling bodies in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, who were against it. England captain Steph Houghton said it was "very disappointing" to not go to
Top acting honours went to Michael B Jordan for Creed and Charlotte Rampling for 45 Years. Asif Kapadia's Amy Winehouse documentary won best non-fiction film. Best director went to Todd Haynes for Carol, which also picked up best cinematography for Ed Lachman.
Owen Sheers won the book of the year title in 2005 for his work The Dust Diaries. This year's winning book Pink Mist is about three young soldiers from Bristol who are deployed to Afghanistan. Pink Mist also took the Roland Mathias poetry award.
England Lions beat Sri Lanka A and Pakistan A in tri-series. Northants' 21-year-old Duckett and Bell-Drummond hit 367-run partnership in 425-1 total. Duckett's 131-ball 220 not out was ninth-highest List A score
Matchbox labels tell the story of India's struggle for freedom. AE Matcheswala was an early matchbox label which started using sulphur. Many Bollywood films were promoted on matchboxes in the 1950s. Some labels even featured Pakistani films.
"Cupping" is done by lighting flammable liquid in a small glass cup. Once the flame goes out, the drop in temperature creates suction, making the cups stick to the body. The suction pulls the skin away from the body and is thought to improve blood flow.
F1 supremo says there is no reason why Bahrain Grand Prix shouldn't be a success. Ecclestone says he is "extremely sympathetic" to the opposition in Bahrain. Bahrain authorities have promised "appropriate security measures" for the grand prix. A week of protests to
Les Liaisons Dangereuses is based on the scandalous 1782 novel by Choderlos de Laclos. Janet McTeer and West co-star as ruthless former lovers Marquise de Merteuil and Vicomte de Valmont. Abi Morgan's Spl
Roma forward Mohamed Salah is among the 27 names on the preliminary list. Arsenal's Mohamed Elneny is another of 11 foreign-based players in the squad. Coach Hector Cuper must cut four players to get his final 23-man squad for the tournament in Gabon.
The Phoenix Tent will also host New York indie pop outfit The Pains of Being Pure at Heart. Joining them will be SLUG, a new band fronted by former Field Music bassist Ian Black.
Paul Wilmott, 63, died in the explosion at his home in Haxby, near York, on 19 February 2016. One house was "completely missing" and others were left seriously damaged, the inquest heard. Paramedic Andrew Hewitson said: "It's something
Lara Clarke from the West Midlands has baked a special Harry Potter cake. She has also baked the Weasley's flying car and the Hogwart's library. Other bakers around the world have also made cakes to celebrate JK Rowling's birthday.
Venezuela has one of the world's highest inflation rates at 180%. Opposition blames government mismanagement for shortages. Government says shortages are part of an economic war being waged to drive President Nicolas Maduro from office.
Investing Solutions finds properties for single homeless men. Charity, Fresh Start Housing, finds clients from London homeless charities. Both are based in the same building, a storage unit in south London. Neither the charity nor the company act illegally, but a homeless group says the relationship is "a
Scotland have lost on their past nine trips to Paris. Scots beat France for the first time in 10 years last season at home. Laidlaw says Scotland need to be physical and aggressive to beat France.
Average Australian wedding costs around 35,000 Australian dollars ($27,000; Â£18,000) World's expert body on the economic impact of marriage equality estimates A$161m. Qantas chief executive Alan Joyce has joined the campaign for same sex marriage in Australia.
Opposition parties tried to block an anti-terrorism bill which they said threatened personal freedoms. End of the filibuster means a bill backed by the ruling Saenuri Party will be put to a vote. Previous world record of 57 hours was set by a Canadian party in 2011.
19 April 2017 Last updated at 17:21 BST.
The Royal Mint has struck 2,013 commemorative silver coins worth Â£28 each. Parents can claim one by registering their child's birth on the Mint's Facebook page. The coins have been used to celebrate special events for over 1,000 years.
Japan and South Korea have been involved in a prolonged row over disputed islands. Relations became tense after South Korean President Lee Myung-bak made a surprise visit to the islands last year. New Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe sent envoy Fukushiro Nukaga to deliver a letter to South
Michael Carrick left the pitch on a stretcher in Alicante on Friday night. The 34-year-old suffered a severely twisted ankle which normally means ligament damage. Carrick will definitely miss Tuesday's scheduled friendly with France at Wembley.
Alice's family had asked for the inquest to include why Arnis Zalkalns was allowed to live unchecked in the UK. He was jailed for murdering his wife in Latvia but was released and travelled to the UK in 2007. The full inquest, to be held in front of a jury
AQIM's influence comes from its wealth: it is one of the region's best-armed groups. Its reach has also expanded across the Sahel region south of the Sahara Desert. It emerged in early 2007 after a feared militant group, the Salafist Group for Preaching and
Kirsty Blackman found a toy rabbit at the Carriage Gates entrance last July. She tried to trace the owner on social media but no-one came forward for months. After turning to Mumsnet, a user got in touch at Hogmanay, saying the toy belonged to her
Paytsar Bkhchadzhyan, of Los Angeles, was arrested in police custody. Magistrate authorised officers to "depress" her fingerprints on the sensor. Campaigners say making suspects decrypt their phones means they are testifying against themselves, which contravenes the US constitution's
Celtic sit bottom of Group A with two points from four matches. Scott Brown, Nir Bitton and Stefan Johansen are suspended for Celtic's clash with Ajax. Norwegian manager says his team must win to keep their fate in their own hands.
Graeme Shinnie has joined Aberdeen from Inverness Caledonian Thistle. The 25-year-old has made more than 70 appearances for the Dons since joining in 2015. Derek McInnes described Shinnie's decision as being "as important as any signing we will
Doncaster fighter will fight on the undercard of Anthony Joshua's fight with Charles Martin. It will be McDonnell's first fight in the UK since he defeated Javier Chacon in Liverpool in 2014. The 30-year-old has won 27 of his 30 fights by knockout.
Mark Carney surprised many by saying he would extend his time as Bank of England governor. Many thought he would stay until 2021 or leave as originally intended in 2018. But Carney said he wanted to extend his stay for one more year. He said it was an "entirely personal decision
The Liverpool Care Pathway was developed at the Royal Liverpool University Hospital and Marie Curie hospice in the 1990s to provide a model of best practice in the care of dying patients. It can mean an end to invasive tests, treatment or feeding through tubes that is deemed to cause unnecessary suffering at
David Miller, 56, was stabbed 15 times in the back and chest in June 2016. His partially-dismembered body was found at his flat in Boothville, Northampton. Ian Cuthbertson, 49, Michael Hallett, 37, Joseph Catlin,
Roman Seleznev found guilty on 38 out of 40 charges including fraud and ID theft. Hacking scheme he ran from 2008 to 2014 targeted US pizza chains in Washington state. More than 3,700 businesses were hit by the hack attacks, said prosecutors.
Pumbaa was found bleeding in a Peterborough alleyway on Saturday. The stab wound was so deep the vet was unable to operate before Pumbaa died. A second cat - Mischief - was shot by an air rifle in an area near to where he was stabbed.
Australian pelican Lanky had arthritis and had been struggling to support his own weight. He had stopped eating or taking his medicine and was euthanised "in his best interests" Lanky was the longest living resident of Wellington Zoo, arriving there in 1978. Pelicans from Australia
A* and A grades awarded to 26.3% of entries - up by 0.5 percentage points compared with last year. Boys overtaking girls in top grades with 26.6% of boys getting A* grades and 26.1% of girls getting A grades. Number of
Two children at Miles of Smiles nursery in Baglan have been confirmed as having the virus. Five others are being tested and a vaccination session is planned for Friday. Last July saw the end of Wales' biggest outbreak of the infection in Swansea.
President Ivanov cancels investigation into claims of abuse of power revealed by recordings. He says he wants to "put an end to the agony" ahead of early elections in June. Opposition leader Zoran Zaev says the move is illegal, urges protesters to gather in Skopje.
Horse-drawn chaise post retraced route taken in 1815 from Greenwich to St James's Square. The message of victory from Belgium was originally delivered to the Prince Regent. A procession has also taken place in central London to mark the 200th anniversary of the battle.
Suspects Dmitry Kovtun and Andrei Lugovoi had no personal motive to kill. UK officials believe the two suspects poisoned Mr Litvinenko, 43, in London in 2006. He died in hospital nearly three weeks later after drinking tea containing a fatal dose of radioactive substance polonium-
Hammond said the government's education policies had "expanded opportunity" But head teachers said capital investment in grammar schools was "the wrong priority" Association of School and College Leaders said Autumn Statement failed to address funding pressures. Chancellor did, however, confirm Â£50m
Joyce Watson, Labour AM for Mid and West Wales, backs a fingerprint ID system of cashless payments to help poorer children. She is due to launch a debate on the issue in the Senedd on Tuesday. Ms Watson says some pupils are going hungry to avoid being seen to claim free meals.
Infusions of antibodies could suppress the amount of HIV in a patient's blood. Clones of immune proteins taken from a rare individual who has natural control of the disease. Scientists hope with further work this could bolster current treatments.
The 33-year-old was injured at Colchester police station in Essex. He grabbed hold of a toilet bowl in his cell and lost part of his left hand. The Independent Police Complaints Commission (IPCC) has started an investigation. It is believed seven Essex Police officers will be questioned
Anine Mariam Ouattara is a 24-year-old designer from Ivorian capital Ouagla. She tells the BBC about difficulties young people face and aspirations for her country.
Defender N'Gala played for Barnet and Eastleigh earlier this season. Fifa rules state a player cannot appear for more than two teams in one campaign. But Dover say they have been allowed to sign him following talks with FA and EPL.
Kane Hemmings scored twice as Dundee beat Partick Thistle 2-1 at Firhill. Hemmings has now scored 25 goals in all competitions this season. Kris Doolan had equalised for Thistle with 20 minutes to play. Dundee
Royal British Legion says people associate Remembrance with older veterans. Survey of 1,000 adults found people associate the poppy with World War Two vets. Only a third of those surveyed identified Remembrance with thinking about those currently serving. "rethink Remembrance" campaign will launch with
East Superleague side fell behind when Paul Quinn fired in from a corner. Rose drew level through a Jamie Reckord own goal. Ruari MacLennan scored his fourth cup goal before Graham pounced to settle the tie.
'The Conjuring 2' starring Vera Farmiga and Patrick Wilson made $40.4m (£28.5m) Video game adaptation Warcraft came in second with $24m (£17.2m) and Now You See Me 2 was at third. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles dropped
The average ticket price for a West End musical in 2016 was £49.28 - up 6% on the previous year. Lord Lloyd-Webber's School of Rock costs between £25-£95 to see in London. He says he is 'back when he's started' with
GeoRescue app would provide information on predicted and ongoing natural disasters. It would guide people to safety using advanced maps services and once activated, would emit a signal using GPS to indicate a person's location for search and rescue services. The app would also create a map for the user of
David Miller hits 50 as Glamorgan beat Gloucestershire in T20 T20. Michael Klinger top scores for the home side with 52 off 34 balls. Glamorgan finish on 151-7 in reply to home side's 176-5. Welsh county move top
The world was a scary place in 2015, but this list is a safe, feel-good haven. Nothing in this list was created specifically to go viral. Katy Perry's Left Shark was a symbol of life's daily struggles. A weasel hitch-hiking on a wood
South Wales Police officers were called to an address in Pencoed, Bridgend. The man has been arrested on suspicion of murder and is being questioned. Police are appealing for anyone with information to call the incident room.
Brothers Said and Cherif Kouachi had been barricaded in a printing factory in Dammartin-en-Goele. Cherif, 32, was jailed in 2008 and had long been known to police for militant Islamist activities. Neighbour: Cherif was "well-
Prince Philip, 96, is the Queen's husband and the grandfather of her four children. The Duke of Edinburgh has been married to the Queen for nearly 70 years. He announced his retirement in May after decades of supporting the Queen. Since 1952, Prince Philip has completed 22,219 royal engagements
Shoreline Housing said 52% of locals backed the demolition of the East Marsh blocks and Comber Place maisonettes. A total of 457 flats are affected and will start to be emptied in October. Residents will be rehomed over the next four years.
Timothy Mardon barricaded himself in after hearing intruders going from room to room. Three men broke into Grade II listed mansion in Sible Hedingham, Essex on 6 February. Mr Mardon, who is in his 40s, had a high-powered job at an insurance
Spotify has removed Taylor Swift's entire back catalogue from its service. No word yet from the singer on why she's taken the tracks down. The 24-year-old's fifth album, 1989, was released last week and topped the UK album charts. Spotify says it hopes
Nico Rosberg says parts of the track in Azerbaijan are'really not looking good' Mercedes driver says some corners "don't have any run-off at all" Ferrari driver Fernando Alonso plays down the issue. The track is expected to be the fastest street circuit in
Arvind Kejriwal and members of his cabinet spent the night in the open in the heart of the capital. Police clashed with protesters who gathered to join on Tuesday. His anti-corruption Aam Aadmi Party caused a shock with its strong performance in recent state elections.
Police Scotland made more than 2,100 arrests in relation to organised crime last year. They estimate 220 gangs are currently dealing in drugs, firearms, high-value theft, fraud and human trafficking. 122 people arrested in the last 12 months were described as principal players in criminal activity.
Gary Lineker, Clare Balding and Gabby Logan will present the show. Lewis Hamilton won last year's Sports Personality of the Year award in Glasgow. This year's highpoints include England's Ashes triumph and the Women's World Cup.
Armstrong was stripped of his record seven Tour de France titles in 2012. The 43-year-old admitted to doping in a two-part interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2013. He has spent the past two years trying to make amends, with varying results. Armstrong says he
Wales face Russia in Toulouse on Monday in their final Euro 2016 Group B game. Victory would secure Wales' spot in the knockout phase of the tournament. Wales could still qualify for the last 16 with a draw against Russia. Joe Allen says the squad are determined to
Isle of Man road-racing champion's bike and suit fitted with biometric and mechanical sensors. Fifty sensors measured everything from front and rear wheel velocities to throttle usage. Sensors in his suit even allowed them to analyse his position on the bike at different points of
Sussex batsman Chris Wells wants to score 1, at least, 1,000 first-class runs. The 23-year-old believes he should have reached the milestone in 2013. Wells is the son of former Sussex captain and one-time England Test player Alan Wells.
Buckinghamshire County Council said it may have to consider moving the stone. It is thought to have been in the village of Soulbury, Buckinghamshire for 11,000 years. Local legend claims it appeared after villagers fought with the devil and cut off his foot.
67-year-old was attacked outside his Gateshead home on 25 January. Beautician Katie Cutler, 21, began a campaign to raise £500. Mr Barnes intends to use the money to buy a new home as he does not want to return to the area where he was attacked.
Shares in the 80%-taxpayer-owned bank dropped 3% on the news. RBS chairman Philip Hampton said: "RBS did suffer more than most banks in the crisis" Vince Cable: "It's an absolutely shocking story that the British taxpayers are still paying for the excesses
The 17th Century miniature painting of Edward Herbert, 1st Baron Herbert of Cherbury, was painted in watercolour on vellum by Isaac Oliver. It will be restored before going back on display as the star attraction at Powis Castle, near Welshpool. The painting was put up
Welsh government puts Â£25m a year into supporting bus services - a quarter less than in 2013. Welsh Local Government Association (WLGA) says level of cuts could be 'devastating' "If the cuts are of the scale of what's been mentioned by
Judge Thokozile Masipa has urged lawyers to make the most of the Easter break. Here are a few questions that have been niggling me in recent days. I will be taking a week off and then focusing on South Africa's general election.
Female officers will be able to wear a headscarf under their caps or berets. Provided it is plain and is the same colour as the uniform. Headscarf bans on university campuses and state institutions have also been lifted. Secularists regard it as a symbol of religious conservatism.
Cabinet Office minister Francis Maude said internet cyber security was a "crucial part" of the government's long-term plan for the British economy. He said the courses would help to make the UK one of the "safest places in the world to do business online"
Alexander Kerry, 23, of Kinghorn Road, Norwich, was sentenced at Ipswich Crown Court. Pauline King, described by police as a'reclusive hermit', was found at The Avenues on 22 February. Kerry was found later the same day wandering nearby streets covered in
Violence is the first in Beirut since the conflict began in neighbouring Syria in March last year. Follows a week of clashes in Tripoli between anti-Syrian Sunnis and Alawites who support the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. Political factions in Lebanon have often defined themselves as pro
Ben Pullar, 21, is autistic and bi-polar, with severe learning difficulties. He spent almost a year at Winterbourne View from July 2009. Lost two teeth when he was punched in the face. Police have agreed the assault on Ben Pullar was "not acceptable"
Marciano joins from Ashdod for an undisclosed fee. The 27-year-old spent last season on loan at Easter Road. He is the club's fourth signing of the summer.
Gordie Howe died at his son's home in Ohio on Friday morning. He made his NHL debut in 1946 and played 26 seasons for the Detroit Red Wings. Howe won the Stanley Cup four times with the Red Wings and was named MVP six times.
PIDG was founded in 2002 by four countries to back infrastructure projects. UK provides 70% of its funding, which is expected to hit £700m in total by 2015. Recent projects funded by the agency include a steel foundry in Nigeria and a Ugandan hydropower scheme.
Martin Foran, 71, was convicted of robbery in 1978 and served 18 years in prison. He was portrayed as an IRA member by West Midlands Serious Crime Squad. Conviction was quashed on appeal in 2013 but not before he had served 12 years in jail. Mr Foran
Plaid Cymru peer Lord Elis-Thomas said the move could boost turnout. Labour's First Minister said it would limit the ability of pro-EU parties to have a "genuine referendum strategy" The Conservatives promised in their general election manifesto to hold an in-out referendum on EU
Jack Marriott took his tally to five goals in two games when he scored the opener and winner in an ABAX Stadium thriller. Marriott fired Posh ahead two minutes into the second half with a low shot that crept in courtesy of a kiss off the inside of the far post. But
Jules Bianchi is in a critical but stable condition in hospital. The 25-year-old's father Philippe has described the situation as 'desperate' Bianchi's father says the family has been touched by the show of support from other Formula 1 drivers.
Invest NI is supporting the investment with a grant of £727,500. The firm began operating in Northern Ireland in 2012 and now employs about 100 people. Axiom provides out-sourced legal services.
Calls were made in the early hours of Saturday 25 October using a cordless telephone. Man called two taxi firms which were both dealt with by the same control office. Bedfordshire Police asked anyone who recognised the man's voice to contact them.
Farmer now lies second in the standings on 145 points, five behind Tarran Mackenzie. McMackenzie has taken up Danny Kent's ride in the Moto2 MotoGP series. Northern Ireland riders Michael Laverty, Andy Reid and Josh Elliott will take part in Sunday's two Super
ONS said the quantity of goods bought between April and May fell by 1.2%. Compared with a year earlier, sales volumes were up by 0.9% - the weakest annual growth rate since April 2013. ONS said higher prices across all sectors "seem to be a significant factor
The west African nation branded the 54-member grouping a "neo-colonial institution" The withdrawal was announced on state TV but no other reasons were given. There is a history of tension between President Yahya Jammeh, who came to power in a 1994 coup, and the UK
Kerri Imelda Doherty was supposed to see four offenders at least once a month. The men needed regular visits because they could suffer a relapse, hearing told. Ms Doherty denied any wrongdoing but three allegations were found proven. A fourth charge of acting "dishonestly
European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has said the process should begin "immediately" Several EU foreign ministers have urged Britain to start the process soon. But UK foreign minister Philip Hammond says "nothing is going to happen at the moment" German Chancellor Angela Merkel's chief of staff
Until now agencies such as the FBI had not needed a warrant to use machines called cell-site simulators. Civil liberties groups have expressed concern at potential invasions of privacy. ACLU has identified 53 agencies in 21 states that own the equipment. Campaigners say they are difficult to use
Mr Jammeh, 51, is seeking re-election for a fifth term in office. He will be facing a single major opposition candidate for the first time. Human Rights Watch accused him of using violence to silence critics.
Two-year-old Hank was removed by dog wardens last month and taken for testing. A court in Belfast heard he had been assessed by an expert to be a pit bull terrier-type. Hank will undergo behavioural training and will also be kept on a lead and muzz
Stones was one of only two outfield players not to play for England at Euro 2016. Everton have no need to sell, but the possibility is growing that he will leave. Manchester City have already signed Ilkay Gundogan and Nolito this summer.
Third storm of the season, Storm Clodagh, has moved into Northern Ireland. Met Office has issued a yellow warning for severe gales with gusts up to 60mph. Police have advised drivers to slow down, use lights and drive with extra care. Christmas market in Magheraf
The teenager was pronounced dead at the scene following the crash in New Malden. The lorry driver, who was not arrested, stopped following the collision in Lime Grove. Met Police appealed for drivers and pedestrians who witnessed the crash to come forward.
A Vauxhall Astra and a Peugeot 206 were involved in the crash in Sheffield. Joshua Fothergill, 19, of Rotherham was in the Astra, and died at the scene. Liam Parkin, also 19, who was travelling in the Pe
Shana Grice's body was discovered with her throat slit in her bedroom in August. Michael Lane denies murder at Lewes Crown Court and the trial continues. His friend Natalie Fines said she bumped into him during an evening out with her parents. She said he told her he was
Bristol City had lost 10 of their previous 13 games. Newcastle led 2-0 at St James' Park, before the hosts fought back to level. The Robins are two only points above the relegation zone, but have a game in hand.
The new system will be implemented in all ties in the Carabao Cup, Checkatrade Trophy and EFL play-offs. As the current system stands, teams take turns in a shootout, with the choice of who goes first decided by a coin toss. Team A would then get
Olive Cooke, 92, of Bristol, joined the Royal British Legion aged 16. For the past 12 years she has sold poppies from Bristol Cathedral. She said she wished everyone would wear one with "great pride" to remember those who died in both world wars.
Arlene Arkinson, 15, went missing in August 1994 and her body has never been found. Robert Howard, who died in prison last year, was the main suspect in her disappearance. A woman, who was 14 at the time, told detectives she believed Howard was trying to rape her
Greek PM Tsipras won the vote by 229 votes to 64, with the support of some opposition MPs. Eurozone finance ministers are due to discuss the vote in a conference call. Greek banks have been closed for more than two weeks to reopen, with cash withdrawals limited to €60 a
Find out all you need to know about the Labour Party in Newsround's 60-second guide.
England will play their first day-night Test when they host West Indies at Edgbaston in August. Yorkshire say they were asked by the ECB about their willingness to move one of the Championship games at Headingley. The club's chief executive Mark Arthur called it a "great opportunity"
Draped Seated Woman was moved from a council estate in Stepney, east London, on loan to Yorkshire Sculpture Park in 1997. In 2012 Tower Hamlets Council decided against selling the piece after strong criticism. The council said it would be positioned in Canary Wharf from October.
James Moore was due in court on Friday for driving without insurance, tax, L-plates and without a qualified driver. The 24-year-old then texted his solicitor to request a postponement. "Tell him to go easy on the paella and cerveza because his fines are going up
Kara McCullough, 25, appeared to link healthcare to employment during Las Vegas pageant. Scientist at US Nuclear Regulatory Commission said 'for one to have healthcare, you need to have jobs' Her remarks divided liberal-minded and conservative-minded viewers. Comes as the Trump administration
With 100 hours of video added to the site every minutes it can be hard to get noticed. Many companies that will sell YouTube views, likes or comments for a fee. Most videos have genuine views but the website wants to crack down on the small number that don't.
Tiangong-1 or "Heavenly Palace" laboratory was launched in 2011 as part of an ambitious Chinese plan to catch up with other space powers. A senior space official has said the lab has "comprehensively fulfilled its historical mission" The lab is currently intact and orbiting at 370
Africa has a growing population, which is projected to double to 2.5 billion by 2050. With that has come an increased demand for the consumption of meat, of one variety in particular. "Chicken is the first choice of meat for most Africans," says Kevin Lovell, chief executive of
Mr Cameron missed the weekly prime minister's questions to fly to be with his father. He told ITV in March his father was a "huge hero figure for me" who had a great sense of optimism. Mr Cameron will remain in France overnight.
Al-Wair, home to an estimated 75,000 people, has been under siege by government forces since late 2013. Homs was dubbed the "capital of the revolution" after residents embraced the call to overthrow President Bashar al-Assad in 2011. In December 2015, community leaders agreed a five
Sarries beat Clermont Auvergne 28-17 at Murrayfield on Saturday. Chris Ashton opened the scoring with his 37th try in the competition. Alex Goode scored the try which all but secured Saracens' second European crown.
Sculpture shows former umpire Dickie Bird raising his index finger to indicate a batsman is out. It has become a magnet for revellers who have hung condoms and pants from it. Mr Bird, who has been spotted removing the items himself, said he did not mind.
Ex-chief executives of Tesco, M&S, Sainsbury's, Asda, Morrisons and B&Q warn prices will rise. Retail union USDAW says drop in pound and supply chain disruption will cause spike in prices. Vote Leave rejects claims, says EU membership
Paul Scholes returns to Manchester United after retiring at the end of last season. The 37-year-old came off the bench for the final 31 minutes of 3-2 win at Manchester City. Scholes: "I'm delighted the manager feels I can still make a contribution to the team
The samba school is rooted in Rio's Mangueira favela. It was the school's 18th title, won with the help of some 4,300 participants. The results came in an armoured car.
UK government cut subsidies because it is already meeting its renewable energy targets. Welsh government says it does not have the same energy powers as Scotland. CBI says the move will damage investment and jobs.
Supermarket Morrisons cut the price of diesel by up to 2p per litre. Tesco, Asda and Sainsbury's followed the move with their own price cuts. Last time diesel was cheaper than petrol was 2001, according to analysis.
Ireland's eighth place in Vaasa means they were 20th overall in Europe. That is their lowest placing in the biannual event since 2011. Sweden were promoted to the Super League alongside hosts Finland and Switzerland.
Miliband said 1.5 million of six million 18-24 year olds are not registered to vote. A quarter of 25-35 year olds have until 7 June to register to vote in the EU referendum. He said their absence could lead to a victory for the Leave camp in the
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said it was time to 'put victims in the driving seat' Labour said of 16,300 complaints of rape made to the police in England and Wales in 2012-13, 5,400 were passed to the CPS. Plans would allow victims to ask for
Chase Vodka is made from potatoes grown on his farm in Leominster, Herefordshire. He was bankrupt at 32, but became a multimillionaire by the time he was 48. Along the way he created and sold best-selling upmarket crisps brand Tyrrells.
Deputy Foreign Minister Faisal al-Mekdad says Syria is doing its best to comply with timetable. Syria missed Wednesday's deadline to hand over its entire stockpile of chemical weapons. He said a shipment of weapons came under attack twice on its way from Damascus to Latakia.
Maya Kantengule was found at the bottom of a pool at a holiday park in Burgh St Peter, Norfolk. She was declared dead later that day at James Paget University Hospital. South Norfolk Council environmental health officer said people swam at the centre at their own risk.
Worcestershire close day four on 323-3, a lead of 48. Derbyshire added 75 runs to be bowled out for 275, Joe Leach taking 4-50. Former captain Mitch Mitchell scores 120, followed by 150 from Brett D'Oliveira.
The overnight ban on the notes last week sparked scenes of chaos outside banks and ATMs. Low-income Indians, traders and ordinary savers who rely on the cash economy have been badly hit. Many economists say the costs of such a one-time "flush" will be huge.
Chris Maguire free-kick from 23 yards gives U's victory. Bradford stay second in League One after Bantams miss penalty in 21st minute. Charlie Raglan tripped Timothee Dieng to concede spot-kick. Billy Clarke smashed penalty against the crossbar
Developer St Modwen appealed to the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government Greg Clark. The Melton Fields project would have consisted of 510 houses and a care home. Villagers mounted a campaign against the development, with more than 1,200 people writing letters objecting.
Wales beat Fiji 23-13 on Thursday to move to the top of Pool A on 13 points. Wales, England and Australia can all still qualify for the quarter-finals but only the top two in Pool A will go through. A Wallabies win will knock England out of the
Hiddleston says he is'very happy' with Swift and it is not a 'publicity stunt' The actor was nominated for his first Emmy on Thursday for his role in The Night Manager. The Night Manager is an adaptation of John le Carre's novel. Hidd
Lord Chief Justice says government and Stormont Executive must address issue urgently. Sir Declan Morgan says a failure to do so could frustrate the rule of law. There are 56 so-called legacy inquests involving 98 deaths. First Minister Arlene Foster blocked a request for funding for the
Surrey declared on their overnight score of 244-5, setting Notts a target of 386 in 96 overs. Notts were 102-2 at lunch but collapsed spectacularly during the afternoon session. Surrey spinner Zafar Ansari took six wickets for just 38 runs.
Gavin Sherriff and Darryl Smith worked for the Dundee-based Sunday Post. Fleet Street was synonymous with the nation's biggest newspapers for decades. At its height, it was the pinnacle of a journalist's career, with offices within a half-mile radius.
The Barn Surgery in Christchurch was criticised by the Care Quality Commission following an inspection in May last year. A new inspection in February found the practice had made a "significant number of improvements" The surgery is now rated "good" overall, the CQC said.
Singapore graduates are amongst the most ambitious in Asia when it comes to job and salary prospects. Recent concerns over the outlook for emerging markets and how much of an impact the slowdown in China will have on Singapore's fortunes are being felt here. Economic growth forecasts for Singapore have been slashed.
Douglas Costa's long-range strike seals win for Bayern Munich. Georg Niedermeier's own goal gives Pep Guardiola's side a 2-0 half-time lead. David Alaba and Daniel Didavi scored for Stuttgart. Augsburg move out of bottom three
Dustin Johnson, Rory McIlroy and Jason Day miss cut at US Open. Overnight leader Rickie Fowler one off the lead after one-over 73. England's Paul Casey shoots one-under 71 to move to seven under. Hideki Matsuyama posts joint-low round of
West Berkshire Council is setting up an emotional health academy. It wants to greatly reduce the wait mental health patients face from 12 months to less than a week. The council hopes the academy will stop problems escalating to the stage where they require attention from more highly trained mental health specialists.
Emergency Medical Retrieval and Transfer Service Cymru to launch in north. Health secretary said it would bring critical care closer to people. Wales Air Ambulance helicopters were originally staffed by paramedics. But two years ago, emergency department consultants were recruited.
Nazanin Zaghari-Ratcliffe was sentenced to five years in jail in September. She was arrested at Tehran Airport last April with her two-year-old daughter Gabriella. Her husband, Richard Ratcliffe, has criticised the UK government for a lack of action. He
Nottinghamshire golfer has done well on both previous trips to Troon. He finished tied 10th in 1997 and fourth in 2004, while he came third in 2009. The 43-year-old is the 12th shortest price on offer at 40-1.
The 32-year-old right-back has been with Arsenal since the age of eight. She has won nine league titles during her time at the club. Coach Pedro Martinez Losa said: "We are very pleased that Alex has signed a new contract"
Cycling has had its funding cut by more than £4m to £25.98m. Archery, fencing, weightlifting and wheelchair rugby have also missed out. UK Sport has set Team GB a target of winning 51-85 Olympic medals and 115-162 Paralympic medals in
Gentoo penguins live in ice-free areas near Antarctica. Their steam-lined bodies mean they can swim up to 22 miles and hour underwater.
Emergency services called to a blaze at a croft house in Kilmuir on Saturday. When a search was later carried out a body was found. The incident was not being treated as suspicious.
Aidan McNicholl, 36, died following the collision on the A5 at Cerrigydrudion. Andreas Werner, 46, failed to spot the motorcyclist as he turned his VW Transporter right causing the fatal crash. The father-of-four pleaded guilty to causing
Dow Jones climbs 0.18%, S&P 500 rises 0.16%, Nasdaq up 0.34% on Wednesday. Financial stocks led the way, as momentum in Washington for an overhaul of bank regulations held up. House expected to approve bill on Thursday that would undo many of
Allsop, 25, made his Premier League debut in November 2015. Cooke, 20, won the European Championship with England Under-17s in 2014. Blackpool have now signed nine players this summer.
Premiership Inverness CT 0-0 Partick Thistle Kilmarnock 3-2 Ross County Motherwell 0-2 Rangers St Johnstone 3-0 Hamilton Academical Championship Ayr United 1-4 Greenock Morton Dunfermline Athletic 1-1 Dundee United Queen of the
Prime Minister David Cameron attended the main celebration at Cleethorpes. Red Arrows, Battle of Britain Memorial Flight and parachute display by Royal Navy, Army and RAF. Flag-raising ceremony was held at City Hall, London, to mark this year's events.
John Fell, from Calderbridge, used 10kg of sausage meat and 1.5kg of breadcrumbs. It took him seven hours to cook his giant snack in a chip shop in Leith, Edinburgh. Existing record was set in 2008 in a London hotel when it weighed over 6
Stuart Coffey, 44, transferred cash from Bracebridge Heath Medical Practice. He stole so much money the surgery fell into rent arrears of £37,000. Coffey, of Bede Close, Quarrington, pleaded guilty to one count of fraud.
Charlton appoint Jose Riga as their new head coach. Riga replaces compatriot Karel Fraeye, who was sacked on Wednesday. The 58-year-old spent three months in charge of the Addicks at the end of the 2013-14 campaign. Charlton are currently 23
Scotland face England at Twickenham in the Six Nations on Saturday. Scotland have lost big games at the death in the past two games against Australia and Italy. Hardie has never played an international in Scotland. The flanker has won five caps for New Zealand.
#KamiTidakTakut is a peace sign with a Jakarta landmark in its centre. It was adapted from an image used on social media after the Paris attacks. Another popular hashtag was #PrayforJakarta, used after explosions were heard on Thursday.
Hutchinson is involved in metal design and manufacturing and laser cutting. The jobs will be recruited over the next three years. It is part of a Â£4.1m investment supported by Invest Northern Ireland.
Marijuana is not legal in South Dakota but tribe has been allowed to grow and sell it since June. The 400-member Santee Sioux tribe already runs a casino, hotel and ranch. Marijuana will be sold in sealed one-gram packages for $12.50 (Â£8
The Nevada State Athletic Commission (NAC) confirmed a one-off rule change to drop the glove size from 10oz to 8oz. The move to allow lighter gloves came as a surprise as the 154lbs bout is considerably over the 147lbs limit at which 8oz gloves can be used.
Nearly 2,800 people have signed a petition against the sale of the allotments. Campaigners say schools and doctors surgeries are "already full" Council leader Chris Townsend said the plans would provide more housing.
GB take on hosts Italy, Netherlands and Serbia between 11-14 February. The winners will progress to final qualifying for the 2018 Winter Games in PyeongChang in Korea. Three Giants' forwards Jonathan Boxill, Craig Peacock and Colin Shields make the 22-man squad.
Bay TV was set up as part of a government initiative three years ago. Another operator, Made TV, provided further support, but the BBC understands the station has struggled. Bay TV's chief executive said he hoped it would be sold as a going concern.
Keshi was appointed Togo head coach three times between 2004 and 2011. He will be most widely remembered for his feats with Nigeria, both as a player and coach. Togo gave him his first coaching job - and he led them to the 2006 World Cup finals. Kesh
A 20-year-old man was detained after the theft in Market Street, Limavady. A lady was knocked over during the theft and suffered non life-threatening injuries. Police have said the officers were nearby when the incident occurred.
The 28-year-old man was stabbed in the neck, shoulder and chest. He was taken to Salford Royal Hospital by friends after the 'brutal attack' on Edward Street. The man's attacker is described as white, in his early 20s and of average height
Russia has said a bomb brought down the Metrojet Airbus, after finding "traces of foreign explosives" The plane came down en route to Russia from the resort of Sharm el-Sheikh. A group linked to so-called Islamic State (IS) said it bombed the plane.
Alvaro Morata joined Juventus in 2014 after four seasons at Real Madrid. The 23-year-old is currently playing for Spain at Euro 2016 in France. Morata scored 27 goals in two years for Juventus, winning two Serie A titles and two Coppa Italia.
Smart doorbell, connected camera, child's toy and locator all found to be vulnerable. default passwords and bad security practices could have leaked data to attackers. All four firms have acted on the warnings, tightened up code and closed loopholes. "Everyone is becoming an IT shop whether they like
Bemba, 53, was accused of failing to stop his rebels from killing and raping people in neighbouring CAR. He had sent more than 1,000 fighters to help put down an attempted coup. The court in The Hague found him guilty of several charges including rape and murder.
Taliban have tried to stop women and girls getting an education in Pakistan. Malala has recovered and continues to campaign for education. Newsround reporter Nel went to Birmingham to meet Malala.
Chelsea ended their campaign eight points clear at the top after a final day win over Sunderland. Match marked Didier Drogba's final game for the club after he announced his intention to move on. Jose Mourinho's side had topped the Premier League table for a record 274 days.
Mercedes duo Lewis Hamilton and Nico Rosberg collided at the first corner. Verstappen ran wide at Turn One on lap 50 while trying to lap Toro Rosso's Carlos Sainz. Sebastian Vettel was penalised 10 seconds for moving while in the braking zone
Lawyers will question whether Prime Minister Theresa May is entitled to act unilaterally. Leading the fight against the government is Gina Miller, an investment manager and hairdresser. She argues only Parliament can make a decision that leads to the loss of her "rights" under EU law.
The government increased the minimum wage from £6.70 to £7.20 an hour on 1 April. Seachill relies on overtime to keep its conveyor belts running. The company wants to increase the basic rate of pay to. £7.35 an hour but cut overtime
Opposition leader Alexei Navalny was due to attend unauthorised rally in Moscow. He was detained at his home in Moscow earlier on Monday, ahead of anti-corruption protests. Hundreds of people were held during the gatherings across the country. Mr Navalny intends to stand for the Russian
Hays reported an 11% rise in pre-tax profits to Â£173m for the year to 30 June. Its profits were driven by strong trading in Asia and the rest of Europe. UK comprises about a third of Hays' business.
Ad-blockers will not come as standard on Samsung phones. Ad-blocking works by removing scripts in web page code that would otherwise pull content from ad networks' servers. 18% of British adults online were using some form of ad-blocker in November. Facebook warned ad-
The Conference Board's index of consumer attitudes fell by 8.3 points to 59.7 in March. The research group primarily blamed the fall on the US federal budget cuts that came into force at the start of this month. Separate data on Tuesday from the Commerce Department was more positive,
The boys, then aged 10 and 11, lured their victims to a ravine and carried out a "sadistic" attack in Edlington, near Doncaster, in 2009. They were sentenced to five years' detention in 2010 and granted anonymity until the age of 18. High Court has
West Yorkshire Police said arrests were made between 30 May and 8 June. The force said the campaign was prompted by the "worryingly high volume of calls" during previous major football tournaments. During Euro 2012 and the 2014 World Cup domestic abuse calls rose by a third.
Sustrans, a walking and cycling charity, is calling on people to take part in the Cymru Travel Challenge. It aims to get as many people travelling healthily and sustainably for local journeys. Public Health Minister Rebecca Evans said it would improve people's health and wellbeing.
More than 100 officers executed warrants at eight properties across Oxford. Three men from Oxford, aged 36, 34 and 37, have been released on police bail. Four of the five charged men are due to appear at Oxford Magistrates Court on Thursday.
Butterfield has a thigh injury while Olsson suffered a concussion in their 1-0 pre-season win at Sheffield United. Rams have six games in 20 days during August, but have few injury concerns. Derby drew with Brighton in both league meetings last season.
British number one Andy Murray has flown out to support his team-mates. Novak Djokovic pulled out of the tie following his defeat by Sam Querrey. British number five James Ward takes on Dusan Lajovic in Friday's first rubber. Saturday's doubles match sees
New Zealand Warriors full-back Tomkins says he could return to the Super League. The 25-year-old moved to New Zealand Warriors for a world-record fee last year. Tomkins helped Wigan to a league and Challenge Cup double last season.
Five first-half tries from Joe Burgess, Sean O'Loughlin, Liam Farrell, Sam Powell, George Williams, Frank Paul Nuuausala and Liam Marshall put the game beyond doubt. Salford, who have lost the past seven games, have lost through Niall Evald
Catherine Seeley was co-opted as a Sinn Féin councillor in Craigavon, County Armagh. She thanked pupils at the Boys' Model School in loyalist Ballysillan for their 'full support' The Protestant Coalition group objected to her employment at the school
Czech scientists show how shape is controlled by internal stresses and strains within the rock. They show that areas squeezed by vertical stress are protected from erosion, while others wash away. Key to the experiments was an unusual "locked sand" dug from a Czech quarry.
Storm Abigail could bring gusts of 60 to 70mph, potentially up to 80mph. Yellow 'be aware' warning issued for Western and Northern Isles, Highlands and Argyll. Warning also applies to parts of Moray and Aberdeenshire.
Trial of more than 500 patients found whole brain radiotherapy did not prolong quality of life. More than 45,000 people are diagnosed with lung cancer every year in the UK. In a third of cases, the cancer will spread to the brain. Secondary brain tumours are usually treated
Eden Hazard was voted Premier League Player of the Year by PFA. Chelsea winger Eden Hazard was second, with Tottenham's Dele Alli third. Nemanja Matic was voted PFA Player of The Year for 2016-17.
Glasgow 2014 Commonwealth Games gold medallist Taylor remains unbeaten as a professional. The 26-year-old plans to then have one more fight before meeting Ricky Burns. Taylor defends his title against South Africa's Warren Joubert at Meadowbank on 24 March.
Stevie May has signed a four-year deal with the Championship club. The 24-year-old forward has one Scotland cap to his name. Derek McInnes made an offer for May in June but deal was delayed by managerial change. May will go straight into the
At least seven people, including two police officers, have been killed in the clashes. Activists accuse security forces of trying to force out residents of Awamiya. It is the latest intensification of sporadic unrest in the Eastern Province, which is largely Shia.
Gaziantep hit by suicide bombing on Saturday which killed 54 people. Turkey has shelled Syrian Kurdish forces nearby, apparently to deter them from taking Jarablus themselves. Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu has said that IS should be "completely cleansed" from areas in northern
Ms Dugdale said she had a 'huge mandate' to change the Labour party. She said she would be 'delighted' to work with any of the four UK Labour leadership contenders. The Lothians MSP saw off a challenge from fellow MSP Ken Macintosh for the leadership
Beckie Allen, from Grimsby, found the replica ammonite shell in Scunthorpe. Her husband and two daughters helped to solve the mystery. All five objects are replicas of pieces at North Lincolnshire Museum. They were made from gold worth Â£1,
Pte Cheryl James, 18, was found with a bullet wound to her head in 1995. Her parents said a dispute over the ballistics evidence could only be resolved if her body is exhumed. Coroner Brian Barker QC said he would wait for a doctor's report before he made the decision
A group of about 400 people took part in the Wear Pink for Paige walk on Saturday. Walkers stopped at the spot in Clydebank where Paige's body was found and a single balloon was released. John Leathem, 31, has appeared in court charged with murdering Paige.
The St Athan Search and Rescue Helicopter Service was officially launched on Thursday. From its £7m Vale of Glamorgan base, it will conduct land and sea missions previously carried out by the RAF. The 30-person team will be on 24-hour call and cover an area
Bernard Dunne was appointed high performance director last month. But two of his picks for European Championships were not rubberstamped by the Irish Athletic Boxing Association. Sport Ireland chief executive Treacy says the Central Council's decisions have undermined former WBA world super-bantamweight champion Dunne
Bethany Haines said she hoped her father's body would be returned to his family. Her father was killed by IS earlier this month while working with refugees in Syria. He had been living in Croatia with his second wife and their four-year-old daughter. Ms H
Laurie Evans unbeaten on 70 as Warwickshire posted 283-7 at Edgbaston. Tom Westley and Nick Browne put on 75 in 12 overs, claiming eight wickets between them. Essex slumped to 134-6 in the 28th over, with Josh Poysden
Haiti has been mired in political crisis since the disputed first round on 25 October. Mr Privert was appointed in February for a six-month term. He filled the vacancy left by former President Michel Martelly, who stepped down.
Plane went down on May 19, killing all 66 people on board. Investigators have said it is too early to rule out any causes for the crash, including terrorism. The data recorder is usually located in the plane's tail along with the voice recorder. Both recorders are crucial to
Theresa May called for better information-sharing and more thorough exchange of terrorist finance details. She said tackling terrorism was the "challenge of our generation" Mrs May challenged the alliance to: "Extremism is spreading and taking lives"
Government introduced fees in 2013 to reduce malicious and weak cases. Trade union Unison argued fees prevented workers getting access to justice. Supreme Court ruled fees were indirectly discriminatory to women.
Sosha Makani has been banned from football for wearing SpongeBob SquarePants. Iranian football federation said the outfit was deemed inappropriate and against Islamic values. Social media users in Iran have been voicing anger at what they see as the systematic targeting of public figures by the conservative establishment.
Lara Gut finished 0.70 seconds clear of Vonn in Altenmarkt Zauchensee. The American also won Saturday's downhill event. Vonn now has 73 overall World Cup wins - 13 short of Ingemar Stenmark's record.
Safety guidance comes on Back to the Future day - the date Marty and Doc visited the future. London Fire Brigade said a rideable on charge in a bedroom in Southwark caught fire on 11 October. Earlier in the month, a device exploded in Morden.
Scotland face Afghanistan in Nagpur on the opening day of the World T20. Ireland begin their campaign against Oman in Dharamsala on Wednesday. 58 matches will be played across eight venues over four weeks in the sixth edition of the tournament. England are in the same group as defending champions
The London derby will kick off at 17:15 BST on Saturday, 22 April. Spurs are one of only four clubs to beat Chelsea this season. Chelsea beat holders Manchester United 1-0 on Monday to reach the semi-finals.
Matt Bullivant, 36, fell 4.5m (15ft) through the balustrade at Chellowdene guest house. He was hospitalised with a laceration to his head and a shattered right hand. Hotel owners Troy and Julie McCann admitted failing to
Sir Vince is leading an online course on economics and politics with the University of Nottingham. It will be available free on the Futurelearn online university network set up by the Open University. He says the rise of nationalism, populism and the push for protectionism are the direct fallout from the economic hang
Derby City Council wanted to shut Moorways Pool from April in bid to save Â£350,000 a year. Labour-led authority said it had found the savings by making cuts in other areas. Campaigners who gathered more than 4,000 signatures on a petition said they were
Stephen McKee, now 25, was jailed for murdering west Belfast greengrocer Harry Holland in 2007. The 65-year-old was stabbed in the head with a screwdriver near his Norfolk Drive home. McKee was told he would serve at least 12 years of a life sentence
Diageo reported Scotch sales down 5% by volume. However, single malts from Scotland continued their rise. American whiskey sales were also strengthened by apple-flavoured bottlings. London-based company has lost momentum due to slowing growth in key markets.
Islanders evicted from British overseas territory in 1960s to allow UK government to lease Diego Garcia to US. Many resettled in Crawley, West Sussex, but petition demands right to return is respected. TV presenter Ben Fogle handed in petition signed by more than 2,500 people
Affleck plays Boston janitor Lee in Manchester by the Sea, nominated for five Golden Globes. Matt Damon was originally going to direct and star in the film, but had to pull out. Michelle Williams plays Affleck's ex-wife and admits she "burst into tears" when she
Sri Lankan foreign ministry says crew were released "unharmed, without the payment of a ransom" Pirates and naval forces exchanged gunfire over a boat believed to be carrying supplies. The tanker was seized on Monday with eight Sri Lankan crew members on board. It is the
Reality Check looks at the rules around fostering children and what happens in practice. There are very few hard and fast rules dictating who can become a foster carer. Age, marital status, ethnicity and sexuality will not exclude someone from being a foster. Foster carers must be equipped
The museum is located in the Bogside, close to where some of the victims of Bloody Sunday were killed in 1972. A reconstruction of the Glenfada Park museum began in 2015 and is now close to completion. The Northern Ireland Fire Service is treating the fire as deliberate.
Coppergate in York can only be used by buses, taxis and permit holders between 08:00 and 18:00. Drivers breaking the rules will receive a penalty notice of up to Â£60. In 2015, City of York Council was forced to pay back fines after a tribunal ruled
BMW reported pre-tax profits of 3bn euros (Â£2.5bn), a 27% jump from the same period in 2016. Here develops technology that feeds mapping information to autonomous and semi-autonomous cars. US chip giant Intel said in January it would buy 15%
optimists less likely to get fatal cancer, heart disease, lung conditions and stroke. Researchers looked at health data collected from a large US study of working and retired nurses. Participants were asked to rate how optimistic they perceived themselves to be on a scale of zero to 24.
Airline believes flights will attract passengers working in the offshore energy industries. The routes will be operated by 33-seat Saab 340 aircraft. Airport chief executive Steve Gill said it was a "real shot in the arm for the airport"
Esteban Santiago, 26, is accused of killing five people and injuring six others. He is charged with carrying out an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death, which carries a maximum punishment of execution. Authorities said they did not know why he chose this target and that terrorism had not
Consumer spending rose by 4.3% in the fourth quarter - the fastest rise in nearly nine years. Dramatic slide in fuel prices in recent months has put more money in consumers' pockets. For 2014 as a whole, the economy expanded by 2.4% - better than the
Africa has 100 times more water in underground aquifers than on the surface. Scientists have produced the most detailed map yet of the scale and potential of this hidden resource. More than 300 million people in Africa do not have access to safe drinking water. The scientists are cautious about the
Patrick Bauer and Nathan Byrne score in 2-1 win for Karl Robinson's side. Zach Clough's free-kick cancelled out Lewis Page's opener for Addicks. Charlton climb to 11th in the Championship, six points off play-off places.
Glasgow lock Bhatti commits his future to the Pro12 club until May 2019. The 23-year-old tight-head has spent most of this season playing for Premiership side Melrose. Rae, 22, previously had spells on loan at London Scottish and Benetton
Ireland fly-half Sexton requires surgery after being injured in defeat by Connacht. Full-back Rob Kearney has a hamstring injury with his brother Dave ruled out. Ian Madigan, Craig Gilroy and Tiernan O'Halloran and Matt Healy have all been called up.
One lane in each of the Brynglas tunnels in Newport was blocked due to flooding. Dyfed-Powys Police reported a number of flooded roads.
Wimbledon is the only major championship still played on grass. There are 128 places available in the draw for both men and women. In men's tennis you have to get three sets to win, in women it's two. 54,250 tennis balls are used during the Championships period.
The McGill's 904 service went up in flames on the A760 outside Largs on Saturday. Emergency services attended but the driver and passengers were uninjured. A woman whose partially-sighted mother was on board later thanked the driver.
Aberdeen and Edinburgh were both ranked among the ten most affected cities. Both cities are also among the best-placed to respond to any predicted economic turbulence. UK government said it was committed to securing a "bold and ambitious" free trade deal. Scottish and Welsh ministers have met
Fishermen and boat-owners drafted in to aid evacuation of seaside resort of Calampiso. Mayor of nearby San Vito Lo Capo appeals for help from "anyone with safe and reliable boats" Images from Mount Vesuvius show clouds of smoke over a kilometre high pouring
The Right Reverend Rachel Treweek, 53, has taken over from The Right Reverend Michael Perham after his retirement. Two women bishops have already been appointed, but Bishop Treweek is the first woman to run a diocese.
Alassane Ouattara has been in power since Laurent Gbagbo was removed in 2011. Gbagbo refused to recognise Ouatara's victory in the 2010 presidential election. Ouattara won a second five-year term with nearly 84% of the vote in 2015.
Going digital has enabled organisers to send out invitations via social media, email and mobile. Technology is also helping to make the events more interactive, with features like "social wall" Event apps and location technology also make it easier for brands to showcase their wares online as well as in the venue.
Justin Tipuric's fine try put Ospreys 7-0 up at half-time. Dan Biggar's late penalty sealed the victory for the visitors. Ospreys have now won 28 of the 30 Welsh derbies they have participated in.
India is no stranger to comical brand names. The history of these names is in some ways the history of a nation's soul. As a boy I remember being highly embarrassed that our car was called a Padmini. In my native Bengal, most brands have always been edible.
GM has announced similar plans for South and East African markets. The US carmaker said it would stop selling cars in South Africa, and sell its manufacturing business there. It added that Isuzu would also purchase 57.7% shareholding in its East Africa operations. GM had planned
Graham has signed a two-year contract with the Gloucestershire outfit. The 29-year-old Scot has previously had spells at Dundee United, St Johnstone and Ross County. Graham will be available for Saturday's league visit of Crawley Town, subject to international clearance.
Cardiff manager Neil Warnock believes his management has helped get the best out of Zohore. Zohore has scored nine goals in his last 10 league games for the Welsh club. Warnock also feels he has improved winger Kadeem Harris, whose direct running led to Cardiff
Pte Matthew Boyd, 20, was punched and beaten to death in Brecon, Wales. Jake Vallely, 24, will be sentenced on 8 December for the 'despicable' attack. Jury cleared friend Aaeron Evans of manslaughter after he was not present.
Prince Charles and Camilla visited the area for the first time since 1996. Couple were surrounded by shoppers as they walked along Electric Avenue in Brixton. It was Charles' first visit to the area since Nelson Mandela accompanied him in 1996.
416 whales have been stranded at New Zealand's Farewell Spit. It is one of the worst mass beachings recorded in the country. Locals have formed a human chain to refloat the stranded whales. Some of the refloated whales tried to swim back to shore.
Scotland face Slovenia at Hampden Park on Sunday. Gordon Strachan's side sit fifth in Group F after back-to-back 3-0 defeats to Slovakia and England. Wednesday's friendly against Canada at Easter Road was sparsely attended.
Jonathan Trott scores 41st century of first-class career as Warwickshire all out for 362. Mark Footitt takes eight wickets to continue fine run of form for Surrey. Surrey captain Gareth Batty: "We're absolutely delighted. This is just one win"
The males, two aged 17 and one 19, from north-west London, were reported missing in March amid fears they were planning to travel to Syria. They were stopped by Turkish officials and arrested on their return to the UK. The teenagers, who have not been named, were bailed while police
Reviews are part of HMIC's annual inspection of England and Wales' 43 forces. South Wales and Gwent police forces were ranked 'good' Dyfed-Powys and north Wales forces'required improvement'
Government source says no options have been ruled in or out. Ministers have approached heads of successful schools about taking over other schools. Could include taking schools away from local authority control and converting them into academies. Birmingham City Council said it would not comment on any "proposed action
Moroccan forward becomes Galatasaray's third signing of the season. The 27-year-old spent last season on loan at Ligue 1 side Nice and Schalke. He was part of the Montpellier side that won the French title in 2012. Belhand
Paul Chambers, 27, from Doncaster, was convicted in May 2011 of sending a "menacing electronic communication" He claimed it was a joke and wants his conviction and sentence quashed. Comedian Stephen Fry, who was at the High Court hearing, said it was "very important" for
Swedish software consultancy Crisp decided that no boss was needed at its 40-strong firm. The staff decided that many of the chief executive's responsibilities overlapped with those of the board. Crisp holds four-day meetings for all staff two to three times a year.
Jet2 plane was forced to make emergency landing at East Midlands Airport. Pilot was unable to check whether landing gear had deployed because it was too dark. Cabin crew tried to use loud hailer to tell passengers but volume button had fallen off. Escape chute then failed to
Liam Livingstone one of five uncapped players named in England Twenty20 squad. Mason Crane, Dawid Malan, Tom Curran and Craig Overton are the other four players yet to make their debut. Three-match series starts in Southampton on 21 June.
Musgrove Park Hospital said the cause of the "technical issues" in the hired facility was being investigated. Vanguard Healthcare had been hired to provide the theatre to help clear a backlog for some ophthalmic services. The unit consists of an anaesthetic room, operating theatre and two-bed recovery
Seven men and a woman are accused of targeting refugees and left-wing groups in Germany. The group, called the Freital Group, is named after the suspects' hometown near Dresden. Female suspect confessed to carrying out the attacks, while the men refused to speak in court. In 2016
Wales receives Â£1.8bn in structural EU funding between 2014 and 2020. Most of the cash is spent in north Wales, west Wales and the south Wales valleys. Alun Cairns said EU-funded policies did not have a 'connection' with the public.
Abdelbaset Ali Mohmed al-Megrahi was born in the Libyan capital, Tripoli, on 1 April 1952. He studied in the US and visited Britain "four or five times" during the 1970s when he spent nine months studying in Cardiff. His role as chief of security
Statues are smashed using sledgehammers and drills in what seems to be a museum. Unesco has called for an emergency meeting of the UN Security Council to discuss Iraq's cultural heritage. The region under IS control in Iraq has nearly 1,800 of Iraq's 12,000
Flood waters in Lancashire were deep enough to jet ski and canoe close to a bus stop. Video has gone viral, with more than 1,300 shares and 114,000 views on social media.
TalkTalk lost 101,000 subscribers in its third quarter after the attack. The data haul netted email addresses, names and phone numbers. There have been six arrests in the UK connected with the hacking.
Heineken must submit plans to the CMA by 20 June or face an in-depth inquiry. The preliminary CMA investigation concluded that the deal would not damage the chances of Heineken's competitors selling their own products.
Oil and Gas Technology Centre will partly fund the work while also acting as a bridge between small tech firms and the big oil producers. Industry said research projects have recently been neglected. Many platforms sold by big oil majors to much smaller firms.
Sunderland's Adnan Januzaj has suffered ankle ligament damage. The 21-year-old picked up the injury against Crystal Palace on Saturday. Januzaj is on loan at the Stadium of Light from Manchester United.
Ryan Thomas McManus, 31, and Ryan Milligan, 29, given seven-year terms for over 40 offences. They will serve half their terms in prison and half on licence. Connor Devenney, 36, who faced two charges, died on Tuesday night. Judge said
Schools are asked to create a dedicated page on their school website. Send the web address (or URL) to schoolreport@bbc.co.uk. We will link to it from the map of participating schools. Then, on School Report News Day on 16 March 2017, schools can
Caerau hill fort near Ely was thought to be a stronghold of the Silurian tribe. Initial dig this summer has uncovered a considerable amount of new information. Three Iron Age roundhouses and a stone-built pathway have been found. This suggests a possible domestic and/or political dimension
Up to eight shots struck the passenger side of the car at Rossnareen Avenue. Two male officers who were in the car were not injured but were badly shaken. Police described it as a "mindless, reckless attempt to kill officers"
The charity was founded in 1996 by Camila Batmanghelidjh. It provided practical, emotional and educational support to some of the most deprived and vulnerable inner-city children and young people in London, Liverpool and Bristol. David Cameron said he was sad at the closure of the
Filipe Nyusi won the presidential election in October 2014 and was inaugurated in January 2015. As candidate of the ruling Frelimo he took 57% of the vote, well ahead of his nearest rival Afonso Dhlakama, the leader of the main opposition Mozambique
Bristol City Council has been subsidising Park-and-Ride since 1997. It has now been revealed it has been paying subsidy for 14 years beyond contractual obligation. Tory councillor John Goulandris says taxpayers will be 'furious' at waste.
Child Poverty Action Group and Institute for Public Policy Research say some families will be almost Â£3,000 a year worse off under the new rules. Ministers say they are determined to tackle the root causes of disadvantage and make work pay. Changes affect families who claim tax credits and Universal Credit.
The Equipping Scotland for the Future report was published by the Institute for Public Policy Research Scotland. It said colleges, apprenticeships and work-based training had to concentrate on tackling issues around pay, progression and productivity. Report said Scotland's pay rate had fallen behind the UK after catching up between
Ahmed Ghailani, 36, found guilty in November of conspiracy to damage or destroy US property with explosives but cleared of murder. Charges related to the 1998 bombing of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania. Ghailani had asked for leniency, saying he had never intended to kill anyone
Kadeem Harris signs a three-and-a-half year contract with League One side Wycombe. The 18-year-old has established himself in the Wycombe team this season. Malky Mackay has made signing a winger a priority in the January transfer window.
EDF's board narrowly agreed to press ahead with the project. UK government surprised company officials by saying it needed several weeks to consider before signing. Decision to delay is widely thought to have come from Theresa May herself.
Jamie Bishop was a left-handed batsman who represented Wales at minor county level. Glamorgan cricket club chief executive Hugh Morris described him as "a hugely talented cricketer" South Wales Police is not treating the death as suspicious.
U.S. has pursued aggressive drone strategy aimed at decimating much of al-Qaeda's leadership. Most of its most important figureheads have now been killed in this way, says Shiraz Maher. Maher: There is obvious utility in killing terrorist leaders. But there are clear
The 30-year-old joined Wanderers for a second loan stint in January from Cardiff City. He was out of contract at Cardiff this summer and moves on a free transfer. "Bolton is my spiritual home at the moment," he says.
Doncaster Rovers beat League One side Doncaster 2-0 at the Macron Stadium. Bohan Dixon opened the scoring after just three minutes with a low left-foot strike. Rovers went two clear with 20 minutes to play when Williams scored from close range.
Nottingham Forest owner Fawaz Al Hasawi held talks with Collymore on Tuesday. Collymore expressed an interest in the role but has now withdrawn his interest. The 46-year-old says he wants the club to be in safe hands, competitive and in the top division.
Former Warrington full-back Richie Mathers posted images of grazes to his body on Twitter. Widnes claim injuries are more likely the result of icy conditions the match was played in. The Rugby Football League say their match commissioner had no concerns about the surface.
Banes agreed it had to save £2.6m from its £351m budget in 2010-11. It also approved plans to spend £200m over five years in projects, including £33m in Keynsham town centre.
The 22-year-old prop has played for the Auckland Blues Development side as well as Northland in the ITM Cup. Robertson-McCoy is Irish qualified through his grandfather, who hails from Mowhan in Co Armagh.
Angus Carpenter denied three counts of fraud at trial at Liverpool Crown Court. The 62-year-old played with a banner for the Hillsborough Justice Campaign on his bagpipes. He was found guilty of one count and cleared of the other two by a jury. Carpenter
HM Inspectorate of Probation found problems with 'community payback' scheme. Delays in getting offenders to start work, and too many let off if they did not attend. In one case, an offender had completed just 16 hours in the 17 months since he had been sentenced.
Warren Gatland names his British and Irish Lions side for second Test against Hurricanes. Hooker Jack Nowell will captain the Lions for the second time during the tour. All Blacks have released Julian Savea, Jordie Barrett and Ngani Laumape back to the Hurricanes.
Adele's Hello has been downloaded 156,000 times since its release on Friday. The singer is also set for a US number one, after selling 450,000 downloads in 48 hours. Her third album, 25, is due out on 20 November.
Shaun Ritchie, 20, was last seen with friends at a remote woodland area near Strichen. Police Scotland said it had been one of the biggest ever search operations carried out by the force. There was no evidence, said the police, that he had been the victim of a
Durham Council has proposed new contracts for more than 2,000 teaching assistants. The authority fears it could face equal pay claims from other employees if it does not make the cuts.
Ms Wood blamed the Conservatives for claiming the SNP posed a threat to the UK. She claimed "progressive" parties like hers were offering a "collaborative" alternative to "combative" politics. Ms Wood's comments followed Conservative claims that Labour dependence on support from the SNP to form
Norwegian researchers report that the sea ice is becoming significantly thinner and more vulnerable. Last month, the annual thaw of the region's floating ice reached the lowest level since satellite monitoring began, more than 30 years ago. It is thought the scale of the decline may even affect Europe's weather.
Jahed Choudhury, 24, married Sean Rogan at Walsall Register Office. He said he had received death threats online and abuse on the streets. The couple said they had not yet reported the incident to police.
Cornwall ran into a 20-5 lead after 30 minutes thanks to two tries from Billy Searle. They will face Cheshire in the final after they beat Lancashire 27-11 in their decisive clash at Fylde.
Developers claim it is the first time in the UK that "augmented reality" has been used in this way. Original launch of the app in August was delayed after key figures were altered. Next year marks 150 years since Alice in Wonderland was first published.
Bus was a replacement for the 00:05 First Great Western service from Oxford to Didcot. One person taken to hospital with serious but non life-threatening injuries, police said. Southbound A34 carriageway has been reopened but investigations are continuing.
Councils in Adur and Worthing say the Â£69m proposal is not fit for purpose. Highways England says the improvements are the "best achievable option" Consultation into the proposal ends on 12 September.
Fifa president Sepp Blatter and Uefa president Michel Platini banned for eight years. Pair found guilty of breaches of ethics code relating to £1.3m payment to Platini in 2011. Both men continue to deny wrongdoing and intend to appeal to Court of Arbitration for
square of megaliths discovered in Avebury, 30m (98ft) wide stone circle. Archaeologists believe it is one of the site's earliest structures. Discovery comes 80 years after Alexander Keiller discovered a line of standing stones nearby. If proved correct, it may
A 22-year-old woman was attacked by a dog in Lincoln on Sunday. She suffered 'life-changing' injuries to her face and hand in the attack. The dog's owner has been arrested and the dog is now in kennels. Tests are being carried out
The Welsh side lost their Challenge Cup final to Nottingham Panthers on Sunday. Devils lost 1-0 to Evan Mosey's late winner at the Sheffield Arena. Sheffield Steelers are now two points clear at the top of the Elite League. But Devils player-coach Andrew Lord
Josh Hadfield, 10, developed narcolepsy after receiving Pandemrix vaccine. He was awarded the money after appealing against the government. Families are entitled to £120,000 through the Vaccine Damage Payments Scheme, but only if they can prove "severe" disability.
Rother District Council said temporary RNLI lifeguard service would provide reassurance. It follows the deaths on Wednesday of five men in their teens and 20s from south-east London. Rother councillor Sally-Ann Hart said safety was under constant review but Camber was a safe beach.
Dyfed-Powys Police received about 30 reports over the weekend. Gwent Police had 18 reports, including clowns "peering through windows" Criminals are said to be following a trend that started in the US.
PSNI wants Boston College material as part of investigation into alleged terrorist offences. Alleged offences include a bomb explosion at Rugby Avenue in Belfast in 1976. Anthony McIntyre has been granted leave to seek a judicial review of the decision. He was one of the main researchers on Boston College
Ecuele Manga is out of hospital after being diagnosed with a virus. The 27-year-old last featured for Cardiff in their 2-1 defeat at Fulham. Cardiff manager Russell Slade says he will return to training later this week.
Helder Costa marks his first start with the opener. Jed Wallace sets up Jed Wallace for Wolves' second seven minutes later. Medy Elito replied for Cambridge United. James Henry had a penalty saved by Will Norris.
MEP says he fought for a ballot inside the party's National Executive Committee (NEC) Some were worried about candidates imposed on them from outside Wales. Mr Gill won't be drawn on individuals, he says it's up to members to decide. But some say Mr Gill didn't do
Frank MacDonald, 44, was between the B976 South Deeside Road at Strachan and B974 Cairn o'Mount road at about 14:00 on Saturday when the crash happened. The vehicles involved were a blue Suzuki GSXR motorcycle and a grey Toyota Hil
Damp weather has seen the numbers of bees, wasps, moths and butterflies shrink in 2012. Buglife chief executive Matt Shardlow says some rare species could be driven closer to extinction. This year saw the wettest April-June quarter on record and further heavy rain in July
The prospect of air strikes from Iraq has taken on reluctant inevitability. But for the PM, it is his third big foreign intervention - Libya, Iraq, now Syria. Pass one political test, another immediately follows.
Incident took place in Dizengoff Street, a busy part of the city centre. Security camera footage showed the suspect taking a weapon out of his backpack and shooting. Israeli security forces have launched a massive manhunt for the gunman. It is not immediately clear what motivated the shooting
Sony pulls out of selling e-books. The PRS-T3 was the last version of the Sony Reader made. Users in Japan can still access Sony's Reader Store. Amazon has 90% of the UK e-reader market.
Israel says it plans to replace metal detectors with less obtrusive surveillance. But Muslim leaders have called on worshippers to continue boycotting the sacred compound. Israel said they were necessary to prevent weapons being smuggled in. Follows killing on 14 July of two Israeli policemen by Israeli-Arab
Welsh government plans to spend £47m in 2013/14 on schemes to protect 1,000 homes. Last year serious floods hit north and mid Wales, and one woman died. Environment Minister John Griffiths says climate change will increase rainfall and storms.
Chelsea sit top of the Premier League with 59 points with 14 games to play. Second-placed Tottenham have 50 points and are just five points behind in second place. Chelsea face a trip to Burnley on Sunday for a 13:30 GMT kick-off at Turf Moor.
German shepherd was being exercised when it bit a 28-year-old man. Man suffered puncture wounds on his arm and upper body and was taken to hospital. Dog handler also suffered an injury to his arm. Cleveland Police has apologised and referred itself to IPCC.
Eugene convinced 33% of the judges at the Royal Society in London that it was human. The event was organised by Reading University's School of Systems Engineering. Other artificial intelligence (AI) systems also competed, including Cleverbot, Elbot and Ultra Hal.
Scottish swimmers make up 31% of the Team GB swim team for Rio. Hannah Miley, Camilla Hattersley, Robbie Renwick, Ross Murdoch, Stephen Milne, Dan Wallace, Duncan Scott and Craig Benson will travel to Brazil. Michael Jamieson, the 27-
El Shehaby booed by crowd after failing to bow to his opponent. Egyptian had come under pressure from conservative voices in his homeland to withdraw from the bout. Sasson later revealed his coaches had warned he might refuse to shake his hand. International Olympic Committee says it is
Inverness beat Hamilton Academical 2-1 in the Scottish Championship. Brad McKay and Danny Redmond scored either side of half-time. Greg Tansey scored a penalty for Inverness after Massimo Donati fouled Ross Draper. Hamilton were upset Ali Crawford was not awarded
South Africa was ruled by a white minority from 1948 until 1994. The apartheid government negotiated itself out of power after decades of international isolation. Jacob Zuma was elected president by the newly-elected parliament in May 2009.
Technology can identify inside a living brain clumps of a protein called tau. Alzheimer's Research UK said it was promising work. Team used positron emission tomography to build a 3D picture of tau in the brain.
Johanna Konta is favourite to win Wimbledon for the first time in her career. The sixth seed beat Maria Sakkari 6-4 6-1 in her opening match on Centre Court. No British woman has won the singles title since Virginia Wade in 1977. Kont
Government says new communications infrastructure will not be ready until the autumn. Data and Communications Company (DCC) was due to be switched on on on Wednesday. Government wants every home and business to be offered a smart meter by the end of 2020. The DCC body is a wholly owned
DUP motion to introduce free parking for first 30 minutes rejected by Stormont assembly. Infrastructure Minister Chris Hazzard said plan was based on'seriously misguided logic' He added that enforcing the 30-minute free parking system would be 'extremely resource intensive' Sinn Fé
Activist Patrick Sullivan says he was a victim of Mark Clarke's bullying. Patrick Sullivan says Ben Howlett, now an MP, gave dossier to Lord Feldman and Baroness Warsi. Feldman has said he was unaware of allegations against Mr Clarke until August 2015. Elliott
The 56ft (17.1m) converted trawler was 6 miles (10 km) west of South Stack when the crew radioed coastguards. RNLI lifeboat crew placed a pump and towed the vessel to Holyhead.
County Down school led 0-9 to 0-4 at half-time and extended their lead to six points. Rian O'Neill top-scored for the winners with 0-7, while Cian McConville contributed 0-2. St Mary's Magheraf
Russian cosmonauts completed the attachment in a six-hour spacewalk on Monday. It followed an aborted installation attempt in December. The cameras will be operated by the Canadian Urthecast company. Urthecast hopes to build a business around space station imagery.
Fifteen-year-old Sarvesh Verma, son of illiterate parents, scored 96.83% in the test. He has been widely praised in India for his hard work. "We knew he will do well, but we didn't know he will be a topper
The Stornoway-registered Louisa sank on 9 April as it lay at anchor in calm seas off Mingulay. Marine Accident Investigation Branch (MAIB) found lifejackets did not function as they should have done. Investigation also highlighted a delay in the rescue effort
In infra-red imaging, Egyptian archaeologists have identified more than 1,000 tombs and 3,000 ancient settlements. Initial excavations have already confirmed some of the findings, including two suspected pyramids. Egyptian authorities plan to use the technology to help protect the country's antiquities
Victoria Cherry, 44, of Fulwood, Lancashire, has not been seen since October 2015. Her body was found by Greater Manchester Police at a house in Toronto Street, Bolton. It was discovered following the arrest of a 43-year-old man on suspicion of murder.
The title character, created by Miranda Hart, got married on New Year's Day. The episode had 7.3m viewers, according to overnight figures. First part of the finale, shown on Christmas Day, had 6.7m viewers overnight.
Apple's $17,000 watch was unveiled at an event on Monday. The event was a publicity extravaganza for the company. Some critical of the watch's price and lack of features. Others were impressed with the overall presentation.
Hebridean Sea Salt will have its product stocked in Sainbury's 360 UK stores. The Â£180,000 deal is the Lewis-based company's first with a major supermarket.
Councils are people's 'first port of call' whatever the query, says LGA. Three of ten most bizarre calls were made in Somerset. Councils handle more than 50 million calls a year, says the Local Government Association.
Painting depicting 1654 ceremony hung in Rokeby Park, Barnard Castle, since 1880. But it became damaged and experts do not know where it came from or who painted it. Owner Sir Andrew Morritt is trying to find out how it ended up in Durham.
McDonald's planned to open a two-storey restaurant in Fishponds in 2014. Fierce opposition from a campaign group over congestion and childhood obesity concerns. Planning inspector said there was little evidence the proposal would result in any significant increase in obesity.
Devon and Cornwall Police has announced a 73% drop in mental health detentions. Chief Constable Shaun Sawyer wrote in confidence to NHS bosses in January 2015. He said police would take mentally ill people to hospital and other places of safety, rather than keep them in custody. Dr Anne Hicks,
Former world number one Woods hopes to return to competitive golf in 2016. Woods had back surgery for the second time in 18 months in September. The 40-year-old has not won a tournament since August 2013 and is ranked 414th in the world. He won the last of
Terry Yorath was the first Welshman to play in a European Cup final. Yorath played for Leeds in 1975 when they lost 2-0 to Bayern Munich in Paris. The 67-year-old was inducted into the Welsh Sports Hall of Fame dinner in Cardiff.
NBA 2K ELeague will start playing in 2018. Teams made up of five players will play a five-month season that mirrors the real NBA season. Those chosen to make up the teams will be given salaries and play the game as avatars. Premier League clubs Manchester City
Sunday Times: Unarmed Trident II D5 missile fired from HMS Vengeance in June last year. It was intended to be fired towards Africa but veered towards the US instead, paper says. Ministry of Defence said test was a success but gave no details of the test process. In
Andy Murray is the first British man to be world number one in 43 years. Only 26 men have held that solitary ranking since the calculations went computerised 43 years ago. It is not a gimmick, or a marketing exercise, or even a reward in itself, but a defining benchmark.
Former Chelsea and Manchester City player Sinclair is on loan at Aston Villa. The 26-year-old has been at Villa Park since January, scoring three goals in 11 appearances. Sinclair joined Chelsea in 2005, but played only five times for the Blues in five years.
Fellow Briton Stephen Cummings won the final stage from Le-Pont-de-Claix to Superdevoluy. Team Sky's Chris Froome added to his 2013 and 2015 Tour de France titles. Froome held out to win by 12 seconds from Frenchman Romain Bardet
Esposito was Elvis Presley's personal assistant and a member of the 'Memphis mafia' He was one of two best men at the star's wedding to Priscilla in 1967 and a pallbearer at his funeral. He went on to work as a road manager for Michael
Ocado shares closed down 1.7% despite securing overseas deal. Online retailer will set up an online grocery service for a European retailer. Shares initially greeted the news with a 7% surge.
Plane landed safely at Durham Tees Valley airport following the 'precautionary' shutdown. It had been due to fly to Bournemouth to take part in weekend displays with an RAF Lancaster bomber. The aircraft is currently on a two-month UK tour by the Canadian aircraft.
Imran Khan, 33, is accused of taking the girl from Nairne Street in Burnley. He has also been charged with breaching a sexual offences prevention order. Khan was remanded in custody by Burnley magistrates.
59,090 households were accepted as homeless by councils in England between April 2016 and March 2017. This is 17% higher than the number made homeless in the year 2011-12. Department for Communities and Local Government says it is investing Â£550m to 2020 to tackle the issue.
Tottenham finished second in the Premier League last season. Chairman Daniel Levy defended a lack of signings and railed against "unsustainable" spending. Spurs have not added to their squad over the summer.
Songkick is a concert notification website and app for your mobile phone and tablet. Fans who wish to bring a certain band to their hometown or city can start a petition or "pledge" via Songkick. Songkick passes on vital information to bands about how many people would like to see them play
Halo: The Master Chief collection will also include a new visually-upgraded version of Halo 2. Purchasers of the November release are also being promised "beta" access to the multiplayer version of the forthcoming Halo 5. Other new titles on show for the Xbox One included the hyper-reality
Friends, collaborators and fans have been paying tribute on social media accounts.
Pamela Geller and Robert Spencer due to join EDL march in Woolwich. Pair are prominent "anti-Islamisation" campaigners in the US. Keith Vaz claims their presence will fuel hatred and is calling for them to be denied visas.
Obama says he "absolutely" has concerns about the president-elect. But he calls on his fellow Democrats to accept the result and "recognise that that is how democracy works" Obama declines to comment on Mr Trump's pick of Steve Bannon as his chief strategist.
Police say at least eight carriages jumped the tracks near Muzaffarnagar. Rescuers worked into the night to find survivors. The train had been travelling to the Hindu holy city of Haridwar, in the foothills of the Himalayas. Indian Prime Minister Narendra
Glamorgan will play all their home T20 matches in Cardiff. The team will make a first-ever trip to Arundel to face Sussex in their first away fixture. They begin at home to Hampshire on Friday, 7 July. All their home matches will be played under
Former Strictly Come Dancing contestant was arrested in Eton, Berkshire, on Saturday. The 41-year-old has been bailed to appear at Slough Magistrates' Court on 4 September. She was charged with driving a motor vehicle when alcohol level was above legal limit.
Nabila Nanfuka, 22, and Laurene-Danielle Jackson, 19, were killed at the Lava and Ignite nightclub in Northampton in October 2011. Inquest has already heard that people got trapped in the cloakroom area as they rushed to leave the club to catch their
The woman and her child were abducted in Redcar, Teesside, at lunchtime on Friday. They were taken four miles to Longbeck Lane, near Yearby, where the woman was raped. Police are investigating whether the attackers knew the victim.
Carter has suffered with the condition for years and struggled throughout the 6-2 defeat by the three-time champion at the York Barbican. Carter, 36, told BBC Sport: "I have such a handicap living with this Crohn's disease. When you have constant abdominal pain you can't
Anna Swabey, 25, from Newton Aycliffe, was diagnosed with a brain tumour aged 23. She met Andy Bell, 26, on a dating app and they were due to marry on Saturday in Yorkshire. The pair were forced to postpone their wedding after her condition worsened.
Dow Jones industrial average slipped 5.23 points to 16,995.13; S&P 500 gained 0.31 points to 1,989.57; Nasdaq index fell 12.22 points to 4,662.16. Shares in mobile payment company Square fell 6.1%
The crater opened up earlier this week after a record amount of rainfall fell. It is just four miles from the Arena das Dunas stadium, which is set to host the Group D match between Italy and Uruguay on Tuesday.
Peter Whittingham gave Cardiff the lead from the penalty spot in the 24th minute. Sullay Kaikai equalised for Brentford with six minutes left. Kenneth Zohore thought he had won it for the visitors but headed in late on.
Gian-Franco Kasper made the comparison during an IOC board meeting in Pyeongchang. The board is debating whether to suspend the entire Russian team from the Games following a doping scandal. Kasper reportedly said: "I'm just against bans or sanctioning of innocent people. Like
Adam Burton, 23, and a French tourist were caught posing naked. The pair were removed from the Unesco World Heritage site. Surveillance was increased at Machu Picchu in March 2014.
Explosions took place at a warehouse owned by Ruihai International Logistics located in Tianjin's port area. Authorities had earlier said that the warehouse contained calcium carbide, potassium nitrate and ammonium nitrate. Calcium carbide is used in the production of PVC plastic, while the
NASUWT says 61% of members say they work with unqualified staff in schools. 66% say situation is 'deteriorating' because of funding problems. Tory party says only 3.7% of teachers are 'unqualified' Labour's Tristram Hunt says
Woman had been out with friends in Cowgate and Niddry Street area. Was returning home at about 07:00 when she was attacked near Jawbone Walk. Police have appealed for anyone with information to come forward.
Labour leader says he will build on the support he has received at rallies. Rejects critics who say he is mistaking enthusiasm for wider electoral appeal. Ex-leader Kinnock said Labour appeared unelectable under Mr Corner and faced its "greatest crisis" Labour will
DNA from ancient remains in the Caucasus has revealed a fourth population that fed into the mix. Europeans are a mixture of three major ancestral populations - indigenous hunters, Middle Eastern farmers and a population that arrived from the east in the Bronze Age.
Jill Campbell has run Isis Boutique in Malvern, Worcestershire, for seven years. She said people have been linking the store to Islamic State. Ms Campbell plans to open a second boutique elsewhere in the country. But she said she would "probably not" use the Isis name
Pupil claims she was raped by a teacher while on a camping trip in 1990. She was a 12-year-old pupil at Gordonstoun's prep school, Aberlour House. Case collapsed after another witness withdrew her statement at the last minute. Police Scotland has been contacted by
Labour leader says there is 'overwhelming support' for a People's Railway. Party task force will consider how to implement the plans - expected to be outlined next week. But the Conservatives dismissed the plan as an 'ideological joyride' and 'backwards-looking'
Jeremy Forrest was jailed for five-and-a-half years in 2013 for abducting and having sex with the girl when she was 15. The pair spent seven days in France before they were spotted in Bordeaux and the girl was returned home. Her mother said she wanted to put the
Sebastian Rode signs a five-year deal for an undisclosed fee. The 18-year-old is the third-youngest player at Euro 2016. Dortmund have already signed Marc Bartra and Ousmane Dembele.
Food price inflation was 4.9% in June, compared with 3.2% in May. Rising pork prices partly to blame. China expects economic growth this year to be 7.5%.
Oliseh has steered Fortuna Sittard away from the relegation zone with only one defeat in nine games. The 42-year-old stood down as Super Eagles coach in February 2016. He previously played for Dutch giants Ajax from 1997 to 1999.
Your pictures of Scotland sent in between 3 January and 10 February. Send your photos to scotlandpictures@bbc.co.uk or our Instagram at #bbcscotlandpics.
The VC10 entered service with the RAF in 1966 and completed its final mission in 2013. It is scheduled to be placed on permanent display next to the Hercules in October. A lorry took the fuselage on the M69, M6 and the M54 and through Shifnal
Roger and Mathilde Lamb from Pensham, near Pershore, died in separate falls. Mrs Lamb fell from a window of an apartment in the resort of Essaouira. Mr Lamb fell downstairs at a different building a few days later. The couple's families said they were "deep
The balls stretch on the Siberian coast for 11 miles. They are formed when pieces of ice get rolled by wind and water.
Guernsey would have to play any home games in England - even if they are the home side. The club would also have to pay the travel expenses of visiting sides. Club director Nigel Braybrook says it could cost £10,000 to play one round of the FA Cup.
Stanley Lieber and Jack Kirby co-created the X-Men, the Hulk and the Fantastic Four. The film will not be a biopic but an action adventure set in the 1970s. No writer, director or actors are yet attached to the project.
Glyndwr University is hosting the first meeting of the North Wales Cyber Security Cluster. Prof Vic Grout said the aim is to meet monthly to share good practice. GCHQ said people and businesses could adopt basic cyber security principals.
Fire broke out at Manchester Dogs' Home in Harpurhey on Thursday evening. Hundreds of animal lovers arrived at the scene to help with the rescue effort. They brought blankets, dog food and supplies to help some 150 dogs that were pulled from the fire alive. Others visited a JustGiving page
Just 0.5% of doping tests at 2011 Worlds in South Korea were positive. In Qatar for the Pan-Arab Games, the figure rose to 3.6%. Doping has overshadowed athletics in recent years.
Vince has played three T20 matches so far for England, scoring 125 runs. The 24-year-old missed the IPL auction last month in order to concentrate on his international future. County team-mates Liam Dawson and Reece Topley have also travelled to Mumbai with the England
Ambrose Salvona was thought to have arrived in Scotland from Italy in the company of a dancing bear, sometime in the late 19th Century. Owens' research of his family tree influenced the writing of Dora, a track on his Nashville-recorded album Into the Sea. The
The locomotive has also had its British Rail number, 60103, repainted on its cab. Test runs were held in Cumbria and Lancashire in January and February. It is due to make its first run between London and York on 25 February.
The 21-year-old has made 35 appearances for the Sarries since making his debut in 2012. Tompkins was part of the England Saxons squad which secured a series win in South Africa.
Whedon revealed the name of Ultron during a speech at Comic-Con. Tom Hiddleston, who played Loki in the first film, introduced the film in full costume. Audience chanted the villain's name as he made his speech.
Amerindians make up nearly a 10th of Guyana's six-race population. They are among the country's most marginalised, with few jobs and few opportunities. Climate change and encroachment on their land threaten their way of life. A new youth centre aims to teach
The suspected green mamba was found on a ship that had docked in Aberdeen from west Africa last month. The snake died after it was placed in a freezer by the animal charity. It was later identified as a harmless green tree snake.
Paul Charles Wilkins, 70, pleads guilty to transporting child pornography. He was caught in a sting operation in Palm Springs, California, by undercover agents. Wilkins initially denied four charges but later admitted transporting the images. Under a plea agreement he is expected to be sentenced to 13
WWE is making its video streaming service available in the mainland China. Service will be available through its Chinese partner PPTV, with subscribers required to download an app. China has held a number of WWE events over the years, but this is the first time an entire channel devoted to WWE will be
Police believe the incident is linked to people smuggling. Twenty people were airlifted to hospital and eight more were hospitalised by other means. The survivors had heart rates of over 130 beats per minute and were very hot to touch. At least two of the victims were school-age children,
Sgt Mark Wright was injured in February 2012 while restraining a man armed with two knives. He was stabbed in the head as he and a colleague tried to restrain him. Sgt Wright will receive his medal at Buckingham Palace later this year.
AG Barr reported pre-tax profits up 4% to £43m in the year to 31 January. Firm said it had shed 100 staff in a cost-cutting drive, with a one-off cost of £3m. Sales of Irn Bru were up 3.2% by
Shots heard at about 23:15 local time on Sunday (04:15 Monday GMT) Large crowd gathered on West Florissant Avenue in Ferguson, St Louis. Gunman, believed to be armed, left and encountered officers in an unmarked SUV. Police said he was armed with
Images of civil rights campaigners have appeared on singer's Facebook page. Madonna posted pictures of Martin Luther King Junior, Nelson Mandela and Bob Marley. Some people claim she's comparing herself with them and exploiting their images. She later issues an apology saying she's not comparing herself to anyone
Yanic Wildschut put the Latics in front but Alex Gilbey equalised for the U's. Ryan Colclough restored their lead with a calm finish but Colchester equalised. George Moncur converted a penalty after he was fouled to make it 3-2.
Charli has revealed that she's written songs for Gwen Stefani's new album. The Voice USA coach has already dropped her single Baby Don't Lie. Reports suggest that one of the tracks is called Start a War. This will be Gwen's first solo album since 2006.
Facebook and Apple will offer egg freezing to US employees from January 2015. Both companies are offering up to $20,000 for US employees covered by their insurance plans. The policy is designed to attract and keep top female talent, by helping them avoid having to choose between motherhood and professional progression
Shaquille O'Neal lost a 15-round decision to Ali in 1977. O'Neal was a friend of Ali's before the fight and remains close to him. The 66-year-old says Ali is the one opponent everyone wants to talk about.
Eight of the nine rate-setters on the Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted for no change, with one voting for a rise. The Bank rate has been at the record low of 0.5% since March 2009. A number of economists have been pushing their expectations of the first UK
Cubs have not won a World Series title since 1908. Cubs' winless streak stands at 108 years and counting. Indians last won a championship in 1948. Boston Red Sox have won three World Series since 2004.
Government says 19 of the 24 bills outlined will apply in whole or in part to Scotland. Scottish secretary says there will 'undoubtedly' be more powers devolved to Edinburgh. Opposition parties say the general election result means the Conservatives have no mandate to govern. SNP says the
RSPCA has been criticised for prosecuting members of David Cameron's local hunt. Carmarthen West and South Pembrokeshire MP Simon Hart says 'absolute clarity' is needed. Charity spends Â£5m a year prosecuting cruelty cases, which it says accounts
Google used astronauts to capture 360-degree panoramas of the ISS for Street View. The tech giant said it hoped to inspire the public to further explore the science and engineering involved in space exploration. Some of the photography features pop-up text descriptions, marking the first time such annotations have
Fancy dress theme of 'pirates and princesses' for 44th Boxing Day swim. Sea temperatures were 11 degrees - slightly warmer than the conditions for spectators. The event is expected to raise thousands of pounds for charity.
HSBC is Europe's biggest bank but the bulk of its profits are generated in Asia. Mr Tucker will take over on 1 October, succeeding Douglas Flint who has been in the role since 2010. He brings to HSBC his experience at the top of a UK financial giant as well as his Asian
Lead negotiator Dr Pershing says the Paris climate deal is strong enough to withstand a Trump presidency. He said that he had no information on who might lead on climate change issues in a Trump administration. On the campaign trail, Donald Trump sketched a plan to 'cancel' the Paris Agreement
Swansea beat Charlotte Independence 4-0 in their Premier League clash. Oliver McBurnie, Kenji Gorre, Oliver Routledge and Mike van der Hoorn scored for the Swans. New signing Mike van Der Hoorn made his Swans debut after joining from Ajax.
Police said the last thing the man remembered was leaving a bar in Manchester city centre at 01:00 GMT. He woke up in a confused state before contacting Greater Manchester Police. Officers were searching for people with access to the building in order to free him.
UK has struggled to keep within EU limits on some pollutants, particularly nitrogen dioxide (NO2) NO2 is produced by diesel engines and is linked to a range of respiratory diseases including asthma. Air pollution across UK linked to around 40,000 premature deaths every year, according to Royal College of
The UK Police Memorial Trust appealed for £1.5m towards its construction at the National Memorial Arboretum. It is set to bear the names of more than 1,400 officers and staff. A brass screen will have leaf shapes cut out and given to the families of fallen officers
Whyte and Forsythe score late goals to give Crusaders victory at home. Crues now on the verge of securing back-to-back league titles for the first time in club's history. Linfield had suffered just three reverses in the last 16 Premiership meetings between the sides
Roles will be based in Aberdeen, Ayr, Bathgate, Edinburgh, Glasgow and Inverness. Train drivers' union Aslef welcomed the announcement. ScotRail said it wanted to hear from "enthusiastic, reliable candidates"
US authorities move to seize more than $1bn (Â£761m) in assets related to 1MDB. FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe said evidence showed it had defrauded Malaysians "on an enormous scale" Mr Najib is not named in the US papers and has consistently
Roedd Ashley Talbot yn 15 oed pan fu farw. Ar ôl y digwyddiad yn Rhagfyr 2014 cafodd gyrrwr y bws.
Pregnant immigrant women pay up to €5,000 to get paternity registered. Once that is done, the baby automatically becomes a German citizen. Germany has moved to tighten asylum rules since the 2015 influx of more than 800,000 migrants.
Fines for data breaches rose from 18 in 2015 to 35 in 2016, amounting to £3.2m in total. There were also 23 enforcement notices, where organisations were required to improve compliance. PwC said the UK is one of the most active places in Europe for regulatory
The Turin Shroud is on display in Turin's Cathedral of St John the Baptist until 24 June. Viewings are free but must be booked. One million people have already signed up. Pope Francis will be among those to view the shroud during a visit to the city on 21 June.
Vaughan Gething said he was "looking again at charging arrangements" for people from countries without reciprocal arrangements with the UK. 79% of those surveyed said they would increase charges for visitors from outside the UK for using the health service. But the Welsh health secretary said such charges were a "
Since the news broke 'North Korea' has been mentioned 211,000 times on Twitter. It has been among the top trending topics worldwide. So what can be done to prevent an international crisis? Here are some of your ideas.
The 72-year-old, formerly of Eliza Street Close, Belfast, faced 12 counts of child sex abuse. He was accused of abusing a girl, 15, between 2009 and 2010. The 12-member jury spent more than six hours deliberating before being discharged.
John Swinney launched the 'intense' three month consultation last September. But the group which mounted a legal challenge against the scheme said there had been no updates. Government said it held more than 50 meetings during the consultation.
The 22-year-old has made nine appearances for Everton's youth teams. Browning missed the end of last season with a knee injury that kept him out for nearly a year. The former England Under-21 international has progressed through the youth system at Goodison Park.
The Scottish Family Health Study is recruiting 50,000 people to take part. It aims to investigate why diseases such as cancer can run in families. Those recruited will have their health tracked, with the intention of creating a Scottish "bio-bank"
France has Europe's largest Chinese community, estimated at more than 600,000 people. In August, 49-year-old tailor and father-of-two Zhang Chaolin died in hospital after being attacked by three teenagers. At least 100 attacks against Chinese nationals reported in Aubervilliers
The Dow Jones was up 117.59 points to 17,599.08, having moved into positive territory for the year. The S&P 500 climbed 8.7 points to 2,049.29, while the tech-based Nasdaq rose by 20.66 points to 4,
Dieter Zetsche: "We are not at our limit. We can do more" Daimler sold 527,600 cars and commercial vehicles in the second quarter, an increase of 6% on the prior year. Sales of Mercedes in China slowed, with sales up 8%
Ahmadinejad: "Nobody has the right to kill others, neither the government nor its opponents" Iran has been muted in its criticisms of Syria, its most important ally in the region. Shia Iran is regarded with suspicion by its Sunni Arab neighbours.
Nintendo posted a 9.9bn yen ($97m; Â£57m) deficit for the April-to-June months. Sales were 8% lower, despite the release of a Mario Kart game in May. Firm did not alter its prediction of a return to full-
Burton Albion's five-match unbeaten home run in the Championship came to an end. Huddersfield remain nine points adrift of current leaders Brighton, who won 3-2 at Blackburn. Nigel Clough's side slip to 21st, two points clear of the relegation zone
A misspelt road marking appeared outside a school in Chester. The lettering outside Highfield Community Primary School, in Blacon, was "claer" The marking was hastily corrected, at no cost to the council, after it appeared in February 2014.
Khalil Dale, 60, was abducted in Quetta in January 2012. He was found dead on a roadside a few months later. A note next to his body said he was killed because a ransom had not been paid. Mr Dale was born in York but lived in Dumfries.
Frenchwoman Bartoli says it is time for her to call it a career. The 28-year-old says her Achilles, shoulder, hip and lower back hurt continually when she plays. Bartoli beat Germany's Sabine Lisicki in the Wimbledon final in July.
SP Manweb is set to put up 18 pylons linking two wind farms in Clocaenog Forest. Plans were approved by Energy Secretary Greg Clark last year. Opponents argued it would impact countryside and farming.
The Hangzhou Internet Court opened on Friday and heard its first case. Legal agents in Hangzhou and Beijing accessed the court via their computers. The court's focus will be civil cases, including online shopping disputes.
Samsung C&T will be taken over by holding company Cheil Industries. Hedge fund Elliott Associates says the takeover significantly undervalues the company. The move is key to consolidating the founding family's control of the multi-headed conglomerate.
Conservative-run council plans to sell it and use the money for heritage schemes. Liberal Democrats said the sale should be stopped and the statue ought to remain in Northampton.
Jason Gillespie's side will launch the county season on 22 March. Championship begins on 12 April, with promoted Hampshire facing Sussex. NatWest T20 Blast starts on 15 May and Royal London One-Day Cup on 25 July.
Ming Jiang, 43, was in debt and being chased by creditors, court hears. Yang Liu, 36, could afford to gamble, jury told. Mr Jiang is alleged to have dumped body parts in a lay-by and set it alight. A total of Â£
Tory sources say Mr Reckless has held talks with Andrew RT Davies, leader of the Welsh Conservatives. An announcement is due on Thursday which would see him join Tory group in Cardiff Bay. It is understood he will be an independent AM rather than re-join the Conservative Party.
Navalny joins growing list of opponents of Vladimir Putin who have ended up on wrong side of the law or in exile. Boris Berezovsky, Mikhail Khodorkovsky and Garry Kasparov are among those who have sought refuge in the UK. Political opposition to Mr Putin is
Martyn Waghorn scored two penalties as Rangers made it eight wins from eight. Derek Lyle was sent off for Rangers after going head-to-head with Rob Kiernan. Andy Halliday, Jason Holt and Barrie McKay scored for the visitors. Aidan Smith scored
Uganda's defence chief says all foreign forces should be out by 1 November. This was a key rebel demand during drawn-out talks which led to a peace deal in August. Meanwhile, a rebel leader has told the BBC the deal is unlikely to work and said he may take up
Association of Air Ambulances estimated 800 lives could be saved each year. Clive Dickin, AAA national director, said it was "excellent news" Air ambulances are not funded directly by the government.
Guy Bridge, 16, completed the lap in two hours, 32 minutes and 25 seconds. His mother, Steph Bridge, claimed the spot for the fastest female in three hours, three minutes and 24 seconds.
Brighton and Hove Albion have won promotion to the Premier League. Midfielder Sidwell has made 32 appearances for the Seagulls this season. The 34-year-old is out of contract at the end of the campaign. Sidwell has previously played in the
Mary Burrows was chief executive of Betsi Cadwaladr health board. She moved from Colwyn Bay, Conwy county, to London two months ago for treatment. A £200m-a-year cancer drug fund was set up in England in 2011. There is no similar
Disley heads home the only goal of the game in the 19th minute. Forest Green boss Ady Pennock says the game should have been 0-0. Grimsby manager Paul Hurst says his side will not be knocked out of the play-offs.
Model built from 40,000 balls and 10km of sticks. Replicates repeating lattice of sodium and chloride ions found in a crystal of salt. World record attempt will be adjudicated by the Guinness Book of Records on 23 November. It has already been commemorated on an Austrian postage
Kenneth Starr, author of the Starr Report, says Bill Clinton has followed a'redemptive path' He left office with the highest approval rating of any departing president. Since then, as Starr noted, he has 'followed a redemptive' path. He should be
Proposal concerns routes that make up the Belfast Rapid Transit plan. Currently bus lanes in Belfast run from 07:30 until 09:30 and from 15:30 to 18:30. Under the proposals this would be extended to 07:00 to 19:00. The project is due
The UK has a unique opportunity to bring the US and Europe together, not take sides. Yet the election of Donald Trump risks driving a wedge between Britain and the EU. Since the president-elect's shock election, the UK has started making overtures to the emerging administration. Boris
Teams discussed failure of new elimination format with F1 commercial boss Bernie Ecclestone and Jean Todt, president of governing body, the FIA. Mercedes F1 boss Toto Wolff said F1 refused to revert to the 2015 system despite teams' wishes to do so.
Mark Allen beats John Higgins 6-5 in a dramatic first-round match at Alexandra Palace. Higgins missed a black off the spot when on course to win the deciding frame. Allen will face Marco Fu or Judd Trump in the quarter-finals on Thursday.
Russian state TV says Kiev is 'unleashing real combat on its own people' Pro-Russian gunmen in Ukraine are presented as local people fighting for their rights. Another strand of coverage has been to portray Ukrainian army as weak and disorganised. Ukrainian TV channels have been
Worcestershire close day three on 172-2, a healthy lead of 230. Joe Leach (90) and Ed Barnard (42) put on 100 for first innings stand of 349. Leicester all-rounder Clint McKay takes 4-59 from 24.1 overs
Ahmadiyya Muslim Community Scotland president Abdul Abid said the campaign had been running in London and the Scotland launch was moved forward. Mr Shah was an Ahmadiyya, a group known for its peaceful interfaith concerns. He died after an attack outside his shop on 24 March. Murder
Spotify has more than 60 million regular users across 58 countries. It says about 20% pay for its premium ad-free subscription services. New offerings include news bulletins from National Public Radio, the BBC and others.
Liverpool twice gave away the lead in 3-3 draw with Arsenal. Keeper Simon Mignolet was beaten at his near post for Arsenal's first equaliser. Middolet is set to sign a new five-year contract with the Reds. Roberto Firmino
Prime Minister seen chomping on Pringles on Easyjet flight to Portugal. Fellow passenger Ashleigh says she is 'crying' and 'found the experience humbling' He is believed to be flying out to Portugal to join wife Samantha and their three children.
Pierre Cornlouer spent 30 years in the Navy, serving in the Falklands, the Gulf and Bosnia. He wrote The Adventures of Mrs Orangeleaf to explain to his daughter what life was like for servicemen. An animation of it is narrated by Simon Weston and voiced by 40 other veterans.
Brianne Theisen-Eaton sets world-leading 6,765-points total for Olympic qualification. Briton Johnson-Thompson sets three personal bests on opening day but falls behind on day two. British teenager Morgan Lake withdraws from decathlon after disappointing opening day. Ashley
Donald Trump has made statements that mainstream politicians would consider disastrous gaffes. Trump's key message is that he is so rich that no one can buy him. But are there limits to how far authenticity can take a politician? Historically most European populist parties have been on the right.
Redmond signs five-year deal with Southampton. The 22-year-old spent three years at Norwich after signing from Birmingham in 2013. Redmond has played at every youth level for England.
Letter sent to UKIP's national executive committee (NEC) before racial slurs row. But UKIP chairman Paul Oakden said the letter did not follow proper process. Spokesman for party's assembly group dismissed the letter as written by a "tiny and insignificant group"
Four US tourists and an Australian pilot died after their light plane came down on a shopping centre on Tuesday. Safety officials said they would investigate with "an open mind" and make a preliminary report next month. The victims were pilot Max Quartermain and passengers Greg Reynolds De Haven, Russell Munsch, Glenn
Heinrich Boere, who is in a wheelchair, was taken by ambulance from his nursing home in Germany to a prison hospital. He was sentenced in March 2010 after confessing to the killings in 1944. Boere shot dead Fritz Bicknese, a chemist and father of 12
Riham Dawabsha suffered severe burns to 90% of her body in the July attack. Her 18-month-old son died during the attack while her husband, Saad, succumbed to his injuries a week later. So far no suspects have been arrested.
We look back at the 22-year rule of the controversial and outspoken leader.
Nearly a third of those making applications wanted to put all debts in one place. Another third wanted to buy cars and bikes, according to Lloyds Bank survey. Bank said 84% of borrowers were confident about making future repayments.
A 38-year-old man suffered serious, but non-life threatening, facial injuries. Second victim, aged 49, did not need medical attention. Police believe attack may have been a targeted attack.
Kane scored twice in Saturday's 3-0 win over Norwich to reach 11 Premier League goals this season. The Tottenham striker has 27 league goals in 2015, breaking Teddy Sheringham's club record. Pochettino: "There is no price. No-one can buy him.
The Arches nightclub in Glasgow has gone into administration. Restrictions on its midnight closing time were imposed by the city's licensing board. The restriction followed police complaints about drug abuse and disorder. It was said to have cut total revenues at the Arches by more than 50%.
Shares in the platinum miner rose nearly 10% to 17.75p in early trade on the London Stock Exchange. Its shares have already tumbled 90% this year as it has struggled to cope with strikes and rising costs. Platinum prices have fallen by about 22% in the last year
Mani Dad was living with his Polish mother Leyla Dad in Kielce, Poland, when he disappeared. He is thought to be in the UK with his British father, Zayn Dean, also known as Dholtana Dad. Costa coffee shops were among Mani
Alex O'Meara and Alex Day have agreed new one-year contracts. Hooker Tom Channon has signed for two more seasons. Pirates are sixth in the Championship with two games to go.
Knaresborough station, in North Yorkshire, is being made watertight. The chimney stack on the signal box is being removed and rebuilt. Work on the platform canopy is to be carried out at night to minimise disruption.
Torquay United beat North Ferriby United 2-0. Gulls secure promotion back to National League next season. Myles Anderson scores late winner for Gulls.
The UK voted to leave the EU by 52% to 48% in the referendum on 23 June. The petition gained more signatures than any other on the parliamentary website. It was set up by William Oliver Healey ahead of the referendum and signed by 22 people. US President Barack Obama said
John Leathem stabbed the 15-year-old 61 times after she stopped at his delicatessen. The teenager's body was found in woods in Clydebank, West Dunbartonshire, in March last year. Leathem admitted her murder and claimed to have 'pan
Four voters alleged Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman had committed electoral fraud. Mr Rahman was elected for a second term in May 2014. His lawyer said the claims were a "mixture of unfounded and false allegations" The group of voters wants the poll declared void and rerun.
The annual Roald Dahl Funny Prize is to be relaunched in 2016 as part of the author's centenary celebrations. The prize is intended to reward authors and artists of humorous children's books. Last year's winners, Simon Rickerty (Monkey Nut) and Jim Smith (
Public works minister Abas Abdullahi Sheikh killed by 'friendly fire' in Mogadishu. President Farmajo orders security chiefs to 'immediately get to the bottom of this unfortunate tragedy' Somalia has been wracked by conflict since the long-serving ruler Siad Barre was
Ward was on loan with Huddersfield from Liverpool in the Championship. His penalty shoot-out heroics helped them beat Sheffield in the semi-final and Reading in the play-off final. Ward accepts Liverpool will decide his future as they contemplate a season in which they return to the
The body was found near Heanor Memorial Park in Derbyshire. Police originally thought the man was 17-year-old Han Lan Lan Lan, but now believe it might be a man named Trung Thanh Hoang. Officers are working with Vietnamese authorities to confirm his identity.
CNN.com will feature iReport Hero of the Year in September. Follow CNN.com on Facebook and Twitter.
The man and woman were detained in Reading and Wokingham, West Midlands Police said. The pair, believed to be friends, were taken to a police station in the West Midlands. Police said the arrests had been intelligence-led and did not pose an imminent threat.
Indigenous Affairs Minister Carolyn Bennett announced the inquiry at an emotional ceremony in Gatineau, Quebec. The investigation is expected to focus on the systemic causes of violence against indigenous women. Young indigenous women in Canada were five times more likely to die under violent circumstances than non-Aboriginal women
Fawzi al-Odah, 37, had been held at the US facility in Cuba since 2002. He was arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of links to al-Qaeda and the Taliban. Mr Odah, who denies the charge, challenged his detention in the US Supreme Court.
Move comes after PIP breast implants were recalled in 2010, affecting thousands of women. Providers will be expected to submit data on patients via an online portal. Expected to record more than 20,000 cases of implant surgery every year.
Robot was spotted by passers-by and photos of its aftermath went viral on social media. Last year, a 16-month-old toddler was run over by a Knightscope robot in a shopping centre. Knightscope robots are equipped with face-recognition systems and other sensors.
Avon and Somerset Police want to speak to a man aged between 25 to 30. He is described as having short black hair, a stubbly beard and a foreign accent. The incident allegedly took place as the girl was leaving the Ashton Court Estate.
Frontier Developments was founded by David Braben - the archetypal child programmer who co-wrote the legendary game Elite. Frontier employs a lot of programmers, says Adam Woods, a producer on Elite, and it has a well-established career path for them all the way from graduate-
Gorka Izagirre won the first stage of the 2014 Giro della Toscana on Saturday. It was the Spaniard's first Grand Tour stage win and Movistar's first at this year's Giro. Sunday's stage takes the riders into the high mountains for
Sterling has tumbled 16% against the euro since the June 2016 referendum, and 23% against US dollar. Many mainland Europeans, Americans and Chinese people are taking advantage of that. Two-thirds of international visitors enjoying London's sites, Cornwall's beaches and Edinburgh's Royal Mile are
Ibrahim Halawa has been detained in an Egyptian prison for more than three years. The 21-year-old is the son of Ireland's most senior Muslim cleric. He was arrested during anti-government protests in Cairo in August 2013. His trial was adjourned for a 17
Fraudsters have switched their caller ID to that of The Flower Shop in Caversham, Reading. The shop said "confused" callers asking for the telecoms firm had started contacting them on Friday. A TalkTalk spokesman said: "We can confirm that this incident is not
Liz Saville Roberts' private members' bill aims to give victims more confidence. Comes after Ched Evans retrial jury was allowed to hear details of sexual history. Chesterfield striker was cleared of rape last October.
Rangers manager Mark Warburton wants to alter the coaching personnel. Durrant spent last season in charge of the Under-20 development squad. He spent 14 years as a player at Rangers, before returning as a coach in 2005.
Arsenal beat Notts County in the last eight on Friday. Manchester City thrashed Doncaster Belles 4-1 on Sunday. London Bees will face Birmingham City in the other semi-final.
Reds beat Chinnor 29-12 for second win in a row. Tommy Phillips, Ben Priddey and Craig Williams led the team from the front. Reds face seven teams who are below them in the table in their next eight games.
Wales midfielder has won the Australian Women's Grand Final with Melbourne City. Wales are the first team to retain their title, beating Perth Glory 2-0 at the weekend. The experience of this whole campaign is probably one of a kind, says Wales star.
Anne Marie Waters is a former Labour activist and founder of Sharia Watch pressure group. She has previously called Islam 'evil' and has called for ban on the burka and sharia councils. Her leadership bid has split the party, with some MEPs threatening to quit if she was allowed in
Australian Open semi-finalist joins Heather Watson, Victoria Azarenka and Caroline Wozniacki in the draw. Croatian teenager Ana Konjuh will return to the Nottingham Tennis Centre to defend her title.
House at Auvers II was hung in Picnic Cafe to launch Open for Art weekend festival. Owner Mark Lawrence insists it is a real van Gogh, but admits it has not yet been authenticated. Van Gogh Museum, in Amsterdam, is the only place that can officially authenticate a
Works on show at the Royal Pavilion include a painting of liger cubs given to King George IV. The cubs - a cross between a tiger and a lion - were born at Windsor in 1824. Exotic Creatures exhibition in the Prince Regent Gallery runs until 28 February 2016.
The European Space Agency (Esa) has delayed the launch date of the ExoMars rover by two years. The goal of the mission is to land a rover on the Red Planet, capable of drilling up to 2m below the surface. Rover would search for signs of past or
19-year-old from Dublin has around 16 seizures a day. Neurologist treating her offered to become her running partner. They've become a marathon-running team.
Yorkshire were all out for 236 after being reduced to 8-2 by Surrey. Stuart Meaker took three wickets in nine balls to ruin their run-chase. Jonny Bairstow, Gary Ballance and Jack Leaning were all bowled out for 32.
Platforms evacuated and area cordoned off by heavily armed police. No details given about operation in one of Europe's busiest transport hubs. Local media report that police were looking for three suspects. France is under a state of emergency since the Paris attacks of 2015.
Tokyo team uses 3D imaging to show how cancer spreads around the body. Mice were injected with cancerous tissue engineered to fluoresce. Chemicals made the body and internal organs highly transparent. Scientists hope the method could one day help with treatment too.
Rains in India's Tamil Nadu state and Sri Lanka triggered by a depression in the Bay of Bengal. 10,000 people evacuated from their homes in Chennai and at least 80,000 affected in Sri Lanka. Many offices, schools and colleges have been shut due to flooding.
Wisconsin primary on Tuesday marks the beginning of the Democratic presidential campaign's endgame. The two remaining Democratic candidates - and their supporters - are starting to swing sharp elbows. Mrs Clinton: "I am so sick of the Sanders campaign lying about me" Mr Sanders: "We're on the
Vigilante group were celebrating a successful operation with the military against Boko Haram. An improvised explosive device went off killing and injuring people gathered around the celebrations. Despite losing territory this year, Boko Haram still controls a few areas. Amnesty International: At least 17,000 people, mostly
Bill to allow women Church of England bishops to sit in the House of Lords had its committee stage in the upper House on 26 February. Bill overhauling consumer rights law, covering contracts for goods, services, digital content and the law relating to unfair terms in consumer contracts is at the ping pong
Design for new apartment complex in South Korea sparks furious response. Critics say it resembles the collapse of New York's World Trade Center after 9/11 attacks. Design is part of a flagship project to develop a major new site in central Seoul.
Ennis-Hill won gold at London 2012 and silver at Rio de Janeiro Olympics. The 27-year-old has endured a career-threatening injury, pregnancy and pregnancy. She has won two world titles and a World Championship medal in her career. Minichiello says Ennis
MAREA will be the highest-capacity sub-sea cable across the Atlantic. It will run between Virginia in the US and Bilbao, Spain. The cable will help the tech giants move data more quickly and cheaply between their global data centres.
Palace said the Queen is'still recuperating' from a heavy cold. Missing church was a 'precautionary measure' in cold and wet weather. Prince Philip has since made a full recovery.
Lon Snowden arrives in Moscow to meet his son, local media say. Edward Snowden was granted asylum in Russia in August after the US revoked his travel documents. The 30-year-old leaked thousands of classified US intelligence documents to newspapers. He faces charges in the US of theft of
Stanford University team develop new type of wireless power transfer that can penetrate deep inside the body. Could lead to smaller medical implants that are safer to fit. Researchers hope their development could also eventually dispense with bulky batteries.
Sneyd had the highest kick-conversion rate in Super League last season. The 26-year-old has been at the KCOM Stadium since 2015. He came through Salford's academy before spending the 2014 season on loan at Castleford.
Incident reported near junction 16 at Johnstonebridge at about 14:20 on Sunday. Police said that six vehicles had been involved and lanes on the southbound carriageway were blocked. In another incident a car was reported to have ended up on its roof on the northbound car
President Obama attempted to thaw relations by loosening trade and tourism bans. President Trump says his new policy will tighten rules on travel and on sending funds to Cuba. But he is not reversing key diplomatic and commercial ties. "The government of Cuba denounces the new measures toughening
32 secondary schools, primary schools and nurseries are affected. Outbreak only affects the Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board area. Last year's confirmed cases for Wales stood at 116, while there were 159 in 2009.
TransAsia plane carrying 58 people crashes into Taipei's Keelung River. 15 survivors pulled from wreckage but 12 people remain missing. Plane's flight data recorders, also known as black boxes, have been recovered. TransAsia says it has contacted relatives of all the 22 Taiwanese
Photographs of the endangered Magnolia dealbata were held by Bristol-based Arkive. They were seen by a botanist at a Mexican university more than 5,500 miles away. Plants were tracked to Mexico's Serra Gorda Biosphere Reserve and identified.
Education Minister Huw Lewis said the Welsh government's draft 10-year plan would help support early years carers. Since 2008 children aged between three and seven have been educated through the play-based Foundation Phase. The plan will go out to public consultation until 15 December and should be published next
Astronaut played Amazing Grace on the pipes after recording a message about Victor Hurst. Research scientist Hurst was involved in astronaut training and died suddenly in October. Pipes were made for Kjell Lindgren by McCallum Bagpipes in Kilmarnock, Ayr
Mancini says Tevez will have his moment against Napoli. Argentina striker missed a penalty against Wigan last weekend. Edin Dzeko and Sergio Aguero have scored six league goals each so far this season. City need to be more ruthless in front of goal
Manchester City beat Brondby 1-0 in their FA Women's Super League semi-final first leg. England Under-19 international Jane Walsh scored the only goal of the game in the second half. The Danish side host the second leg on Wednesday, 16 November.
Chris and Colin Weir scooped Europe's biggest ever jackpot on Tuesday night. The couple have already decided to buy homes for their two children Carly and Jamie. They will travel around the world to see the Great Wall of China and Ayers Rock in Australia. Britons have banked
Thirty-one people have died and many more have been hurt in the Brussels attacks. Three days of national mourning have been announced and a minute's silence has been observed. Hundreds of messages of support have been chalked across the Place de la Bourse, a central square in the city.
Irek Ilgiz Hamidullin is the first military detainee to be brought to the US from Afghanistan. He was seized in 2009 after an attack on Afghan border police and US forces. The next court session is scheduled for Friday.
B-listed Edwardian building has sat empty since it closed 10 years ago. Decisions over its future have been drawn out over a decade since then. Five bids were submitted in January, whittled down to two by July.
Former assistant coach has helped Northern Ireland qualify for World Cup finals. Macphee worked with Danny Lennon at Cowdenbeath and St Mirren. The 36-year-old played for East Fife, Forfar Athletic and Queen's Park during his playing career.
Groups will be offered funding of up to 50% of the costs for vaccinating. Aim is to create a "buffer" zone to prevent the spread of the disease. Scheme is part of government's strategy to achieve bovine TB free status by 2038.
Mandy Fader criticises low investment from industry and "weak" regulation. Urology Trade Association says it is "simply incorrect" to say catheters have not improved. Catheter provides a site for bacteria to multiply and thrive, encased in a glue called "bio
Chelsea winger Victor Moses and Mainz defender Leon Balogun ruled out. Godwin Obaje, Chisom Egbuchulam and Uche Henry Agbo are their replacements. Odion Ighalo left out to attend the burial of his father a day before the match.
Cuban state lab unveils cologne named after Che Guevara and Chavez. Cologne named Ernesto and Hugo. Cuban government describes the project as "a serious error" "The symbols of the Revolution are and will always be sacred"
Warwick district councillor Nick Harrington has resigned with immediate effect. The anti-Irish tweet appeared on his now deleted account during the Eurovision Song Contest. Warwickshire Police said other tweets on the feed which "may have caused concern" are also being looked at.
Inquiry launched in June last year following reports that face paint was used to impersonate a staff member in a student-led performance. It caused offence to eight students of African heritage, prompting the review. Prof Dinesh Bhugra from King's College London sets out 13 recommendations
11 imams, sheiks and religious teachers from nine countries visit Auschwitz and Dachau. The aim is to get Muslim leaders to acknowledge the reality of what happened here. Auschwitz-Birkenau, set up by the Germans in Nazi-occupied Poland, is now a
Incident happened on the B5111 in Coedana, Llanerchymedd at about 17:30 BST. Two police officers are being treated for minor injuries at Ysbyty Gwynedd in Bangor.
F1 bosses have made a number of changes to cars and engines for 2017. Headline change is the return of refuelling for 2017, along with cars that will be between five and six seconds a lap faster. The step-change in speed will be welcomed by drivers and fans alike
Two men took £200 from the shop at Rosskeen Park at 04:00 GMT on Thursday. Police said the black Citroen C1 was stolen from the Shearwater area. Shop owner Pat O'Reilly said: "This will cost us thousands but we'll pick ourselves
Andrew Salina was found seriously injured at his home in Roystonhill. Emergency services were alerted to a disturbance and he was pronounced dead. Detectives from Police Scotland's major investigation team are treating the death as a murder.
Hawker Hunter jet plummeted on to the A27 on 22 August killing 11 men. Emergency workers had to delay their response because some cartridges were still live. A final report is still to be published, but seven safety recommendations have been made. Manufacturer support for the jet had ended after
Narendra Modi joined 37,000 people to perform a series of asanas outside Indian parliament. Event was to celebrate the first UN World Yoga Day. Mr Modi had consistently said he wouldn't be taking part in the record attempt. But he stretched and puffed his way through the
Growing Up in the City is at the Museum of Liverpool until 25 September. The images span the period from the 1880s to the 1990s and illustrate how much life for a child has changed. Curator Kay Jones trawled through hundreds of images from the National Museums Liverpool's collections
£35m facility will work on developing personalised cancer treatments for thousands of patients. Research will focus on radiation therapy, lung cancer, women's cancers, melanoma and haematological oncology. Centre is the result of a partnership between The University of Manchester, The Christie
Sir Mo Farah finishes seventh in the men's race at Holyrood Park. Sir Laura Muir anchors Britain to victory in the 4x1km mixed relay. Yasemin Can, representing Europe, wins the women's race. Harriet Knowles-Jones wins the junior
Several fire appliances were called to the scene at Carnsalloch House. The mansion house at Kirkton was built in the middle of the 18th Century. Plans for a housing development at the site were rejected earlier this month.
Wolves have not won in eight games, their worst run since the 2012-13 relegation season. Paul Lambert's first home game in charge is on Saturday against Sheffield Wednesday. Wolves' all-time leading scorer Steve Bull and fellow club legend Andy Thompson will make on-field appearances.
There were concerns about the stability of the building after the collapse of an internal wall last week. The Environment Minister Alex Atwood recommended the demolition in the interests of public safety. Foyle Road, which was closed between the lower deck of the Craigavon Bridge and John Street roundabout,
Philip Craig, 38, killed Christopher Laskaris, 24, at his flat in Leeds. Craig, from Leeds, then went back to the flat to take more possessions. He was jailed for life with a minimum of 25 years at Leeds Crown Court.
Pre-tax profit fell 49.7% to Â£27.7m in the first half of the year ending 30th June. Boss Richard Glynn said it was now "well positioned for growth" Ladbrokes formed a tie-up with software developer Playtech last year.
Ipswich Airport was earmarked for housing by Ipswich Borough Council in 1996. Campaigners fought to save the site, with some occupying the terminal building for four months. The anniversary of the closure is being marked with an exhibition at the town's Transport Museum.
The 34ft catamaran crashed into the turbine off the coast of Cumbria. One of the men suffered a head injury and was taken to hospital for treatment. The fishing vessel had been travelling from Ravenglass at the time of the incident.
Ollie Hirschorn was upset when he lost his lion, Liley, at Hughenden Manor. The toy was returned last week along with a photo diary showing Liley driving a buggy. Staff at the former home of Benjamin Disraeli were told of the missing lion.
British army troops spent less than 47% of their time on the Western Front between 1914 and 1918. While there, they spent one in five days fighting directly with their enemy. Information collected from war diaries posted online, via the Operation War Diary. Around 27,000 volunteers helped contribute
The British Deaf Association says the move was long overdue. They made the appeal at an election hustings in Belfast on Tuesday. The event was attended by representatives from the five largest political parties. Majella McAteer said the event provided an opportunity for those attending to learn at
Developing Human Connectome Project aims to produce a dynamic wiring diagram of how the brain grows. Researchers from Guy's and St Thomas' Hospital, King's College London, Imperial College and Oxford University will examine the brains of babies while they are still growing in the womb, as well as those born
Wayne Rooney has scored a record 53 goals in 115 appearances for England. Lampard says Rooney will remain a big player in the England squad. England should not be afraid of appointing a foreign coach as Roy Hodgson's successor, says Lampard. The 30-year-old
No-one was in the vehicle when it careered rear-end first into the building. Simon Burke said his wife and son were "very lucky" to escape injury.
Many leaders got rather irritated with the prime minister in the long lead up to the election. They felt he played too much to the Eurosceptic gallery at home when abroad on EU business. Will this new David Cameron be a man they can work with, they wonder? They'd like
Andraya Lyons, 39, was found dead in Drew Street, Swindon, on Saturday. Anthony Porter, 32, has been charged with her murder and remanded in custody. He will appear before Bristol Crown Court on Wednesday.
Vice-President Alvaro Garcia Linera said the new legislation reflects the needs of Bolivia. The measure was signed into law by Mr Garcia in the absence of President Evo Morales. More than 500,000 children already work to supplement the family income in Bolivia.
Prestatyn Community Hospital closed two years ago. Developers Pure Residential and Commercial have bought the site and lodged plans for apartments and houses.
FTSE 100 index rose 77 points, or 1.1%, to 6,911.4. Most analysts had expected the Fed to hold rates on Wednesday. But the US central bank indicated rates could rise before the end of the year.
Review group will assess whether students receive fair and effective support. Virgin Money chief executive Jayne-Anne Gadhia will make recommendations for improvements. The group will report its findings in 12 months' time and will examine repayment threshold and period for student loan debt.
Animal rights activists welcome ruling by the California Coastal Commission. They gave the park permission to double the size of its orca enclosures. It comes after criticism of the way the whales are treated at the park. SeaWorld had put in plans to spend $100m to expand its or
Brighton beat Birmingham City 1-0 to go eight points clear at top of Championship. Wes Brown scores on his Blackburn Rovers debut to level the match against Reading. Isaiah Osbourne ends his three-year goal drought for Walsall against Bradford City. Yeovil
Lewis, 24, Milnes, 22, and McKay, 20, were part of the team that clinched the 2012 County Championship. Lewis featured eight times in the T20 Blast this summer. McKay deputised for wicketkeeper Tim Ambrose.
Would-be buyers increase at its lowest point in almost a year during February. Better mortgage deals have helped absorb some of the "pent-up demand" But prices are still likely to continue rising, according to Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors. Help to Buy mortgage guarantee scheme seems
William Graham tweeted support for 'black route' for Â£1bn Newport relief road. He backed motion calling for review of possible routes for M4 M4 toll road in January. Some critics have claimed other routes would cause less environmental damage. Group leader Andrew RT Davies said the
L/Cpl Kyle Cleet Marshall died after being caught in a roadside bomb blast. The 23-year-old, from Newcastle upon Tyne, had been due to marry his fiancee in July. Lt Col Andrew Harrison, commanding officer of the 2nd Battalion The Parachute Regiment
Twitter boss Dick Costolo has outlined new plans for the social network. One feature will let you see what you missed while you were offline, say sleeping. Another new function could filter tweets, making the app more like Facebook. Twitter hopes to make it easier for people who are just joining
Liverpool beat Borussia Dortmund 4-3 at Anfield in Champions League last-16 first leg. Dejan Lovren's late goal in injury time seals victory for Jurgen Klopp's side. Reds move a step closer to earning a place in Europe's second-tier competition.
Bond star Daniel Craig is known to be a fan of Radiohead. Ladbrokes, Coral and Paddy Power suspend betting on who will sing Spectre theme tune. Ellie Goulding and Sam Smith have been mooted as possible candidates. The makers of Spectre have yet to
She will seek a judicial review against Mark H Durkan. He adopted the planning policy without the agreement of the full Northern Ireland Executive.
Marchwood Park and Cracknore Hard industrial estates, covering 113.73 acres, acquired by Associated British Ports. Port director Nick Ridehalgh said the estates would provide "strategic long term value" for the company. The sites had been owned by Oceanic Estates for the last 15 years
Russian athlete Elena Chernova was banned for two years for doping offences. The 27-year-old won gold at the 2011 World Championships in Korea. She was given a two-year ban and had earlier results annulled after a sample from 2009 re-tested. IAAF president
The choir was established by Henry VIII in 1539 and is currently made up of 20 boys and 12 adults. Dean of Gloucester said including girl choristers would be an "exciting new chapter" in the choir's history. The cathedral is hosting a "come and sing" open
Jin Ok scored the game-winning goal after GB had come back from 2-0 down. Third-period goals from Angela Taylor and Leanne Ganney levelled the game. The game gives Britain their first point of the tournament but they are bottom of Group A after three games.
As we drove through the first small villages on the way to Port-au-Prince, we could see the damage the hurricane was still inflicting. Roads were already awash with rushing muddy floodwaters, the people we passed were trying to cover themselves as best they could. It was noticeable
Company saw gross bookings of $11.2bn, up 49% on 2014, with visitors to the website up 48%. On average, 50m people used the website each month. Particular growth was recorded in the Asia-Pacific region, while visits in China were up 67
LTC has invested more than £300m in the TX5 after manufacturing the black cab in the UK for 69 years. The first electric taxis to roll off the production line will go on sale in London in the final quarter of the year. It is the first all-new car factory in
The 29-year-old was arrested on suspicion of attempted murder and wounding with intent. Previously, a 30, 30, 27 and 20 were arrested. All four men have been bailed until the end of April. It follows an incident on Oxford Street on 17 March in which a 17
For African leaders, the UN in New York is the place to be seen and heard every September. This year's gathering has even featured a rock star Pope, and the Catholics among Africa's leadership. But it does not help to be too cynical, for Africa needs the UN more than any
Some analysts expect the fall in the value of sterling in the event of a vote to leave the EU would be very sharp. The concern reflects the view that leaving the EU could undermine the UK's economic performance. There would be a period of uncertainty about access to the EU market for British exporters
Australian businessman David Prior said he hoped to double production at Bladnoch Distillery, near Wigtown. The single malt will be relaunched and he also has plans to introduce a new blend called Pure Scot. Mr Prior said it would be aimed at a new generation of whisky
CBBC will also launch a TV version of the Official Chart Show, presented by Cel Spellman. The new programme will be broadcast live from the Radio 1 studios.
Zoonotic tuberculosis is a different strain of human tuberculosis. The disease is more serious and difficult to treat than human TB. There are estimated 121,000 new cases of zoonotic TB each year. World Health Organization says the disease has been neglected for decades.
Andy Murray will be confirmed as world number one on Monday. The Scot is the first British player to reach top spot since 1973. Murray is the current holder of the title after Novak Djokovic's 122-week reign ended. Former British number one Robin Henman hails Murray's
Higgins led 5-4 after the first session in Guangzhou. The 41-year-old's first tournament win since last year's International Championship. Higgins collected £200,000, the biggest ever victory cheque for a tournament outside the UK.
Experts link problem to use of mobile phones and computers in bedrooms late at night. Teachers have to pitch lessons at a lower level to accommodate sleep-starved students.
Interior Department oversees more than 20% of US federal land. Ryan Zinke rode through downtown Washington atop a 17-year-old Irish sport horse named Tonto. He was greeted by hundreds of federal workers, including an Office of Indian Affairs employee.
Russell Davy claims he was abused by scout Eddie Heath in the early 1980s. Charlton have launched an internal investigation into the allegations. Chelsea FC apologised 'profusely' to Gary Johnson over sex abuse he suffered in the 1970s.
Redrow Homes South Wales has submitted plans for 630 houses in Radyr. An outline application for about 1,000 homes has also been put forward. A primary school and community centre are also included in the plans for both developments.
Referee Anthony Taylor spoke to Jonny Evans and Cheikhou Cisse after the incident. Neither player was booked for the incident at St James' Park on Wednesday. Former Newcastle midfielder Dietmar Hamann described the acts as "not acceptable" and "disgusting"
George Verrier was treated by officers who were called to an altercation. He did not want to be taken to hospital, said police, but was found unconscious. A 17-year-old arrested on suspicion of murder has been released on bail.
Canadian Hoilett made his Cardiff debut in Friday's 2-1 win over Bristol City. Hoilett joined on a free transfer on 10 October and was Warnock's first signing as Bluebirds boss. The 26-year-old Canadian worked with Warnock at previous club QPR
RMT claims Abellio is plundering a Â£1m-a-month profit which Scotland's railways desperately need. Scottish government spokesman said notion excessive profits are siphoned off is 'fallacious' Abellio was awarded the ScotRail franchise in 2015 for 10 years
Ireland lose by 36 runs to South Africa in rain-hit match in Colombo. Mary Waldron top-scores with an unbeaten 33 as Ireland bowled out for 166. Shillington will continue to play Twenty20 internationals.
Mike Dean sent off Sofiane Feghouli in West Ham's 2-0 defeat by Manchester United. Hammers boss Slaven Bilic questioned referee's decision to send off Algeria international. Dean has shown 25 red cards this season - the most by any current Premier League referee.
One in every eight Crown Court cases were dropped from 2014 to 2015. Proportion of cases resulting in conviction fell below 80% mark for first time since 2010-11. In 70% of dropped prosecutions, the CPS offered 'no evidence', figures show. CPS said cases were kept
Arsenal face Chelsea in the FA Cup final at Wembley Stadium on Saturday. Lawro, A.Dot, Robbie Lyle, Adele Roberts and Sophie Rose give their verdicts. Robbie Lyle: "I am confident it will be a double celebration for me at the weekend"
Four out of Wales' seven health boards forecast to overspend by £146m this year. Abertawe Bro Morgannwg University Health Board (ABMU) faces 'extremely challenging' outlook. Betsi Cadwaladr, Hywel Dda, Cardiff and Vale
MacKenzie is a European junior team gold medallist with Britain. The 20-year-old was born in the Eastern Cape province of South Africa. His family moved to England when he was nine, but he feels more South African than British. He will compete in the Africa
Alleged attack took place in Malton Crescent, North Shields, on Friday. Simonik Da Costa, 41, also charged with common assault and possession of an offensive weapon. She was remanded in custody and will appear before North Tyneside Magistrates' Court.
US employers added 211,000 jobs in April, and the unemployment rate dropped slightly to 4.4% from 4.5% in March. The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 55.47 points to 20,006.94 and the wider S&P 500 index rose 9.77 points to
Anis Abid Sardar, 38, denies murder, conspiracy to murder and conspiracy to cause an explosion. Sergeant Randy Johnson, 34, was killed in an explosion near Baghdad in 2007. Mr Sardar's fingerprints were allegedly found on two other bombs, but not that which killed Sgt Johnson.
Liverpool cancelled a meeting with Raheem Sterling's representatives on Friday. Aidy Ward reportedly said the England forward will not sign a new deal even if offered "£900,000 a week" Sterling has already rejected a new £100,000-a-week contract with the
A heatwave in Spain and a strong breeze could be bringing the hot weather north to the UK. This is called a Spanish plume.
Public health review says alcohol is now more affordable and people are drinking more. Alcohol is the leading risk factor for ill health, early death and disability in those aged 15 to 49. Coalition government rejected a minimum price for alcohol in 2013.
Stewart took over the show in 1999 and established himself as one of the most influential satirists in the US. He is being replaced by the South African comedian Trevor Noah. The Daily Show, broadcast on Comedy Central, has often been cited as a leading news source for young people.
Fergus Ewing said 16,521 farmers had now received their Common Agricultural Policy payments. Government has been facing pressure to deal with "failures" in the subsidies payment system. Any fine may be waived and extension to deadline no longer required if 90% target is met.
National Union of Teachers said it was not a common occurrence in schools. Figures showed 13 of 34 staff were barred for such conduct from August 2013 to 2015. Others were convicted of driving, alcohol, drugs, harassment and fraud offences.
Nintendo's Â£280 handheld console went on sale on Friday. Sales figures suggest it has become the fastest-selling games console in the company's history. Thousands of customers have reported their new devices came with a screen problem. Nintendo said such pixels were "normal and should not be
Carl Frampton will fight Santa Cruz for the WBA Super World featherweight title. The fight will take place at the Barclays Centre in Brooklyn. Frampton is aiming to become the first Northern Ireland boxer to win world titles at different weights. He has relinquished his IBF super b
Lancashire County Council introduced bus lane restrictions on 31 October 2016. Restrictions are in place between 11:00 and 18:00 on two sections of Fishergate. Over 23,000 drivers have received £60 penalty notices for misuse of the lane.
Hampshire all-rounder Sean Ervine hit 10 boundaries in his 207-ball knock. The Zimbabwean was lbw to left-arm spinner Jack Leach (3-77) as the visitors struggled to 92-4. Leach earlier bowled England batsman James Vince
Celine Stella travelled to Saudi Arabia to photograph the country's neon. She was inspired by the way the light is used in the country. Stella wanted to capture how the country felt when she was there.
Researchers found that 5% of people accessing Google every day have been caught out by at least one malicious extension. Of these victims, about a third have four or more bad add-ons installed in their browser. Google has removed 192 actively malicious extensions from its Chrome catalogue. About 14 million
Lt Gen David Morrison says it is time to "have the conversation" about becoming a republic. His comments come amid mounting pressure on the government to restart the debate. Mr Turnbull, himself a republican, said momentum must come from the public. He said he did not want to face another
Ayoze Perez and Georginio Wijnaldum score for Newcastle. Nikica Jelavic scores for West Ham after a stray backpass by Chancel Mbemba. Steve McClaren's side move out of the relegation zone with win.
Olympic silver medallist Joe Joyce is the oldest British boxer in the GB squad. The 30-year-old didn't start boxing until he was 22, following a chance introduction to the sport while at university. Boxing is a tough sport to break into, but Joyce is
Theresa May is spending the bulk of her time in front line seats. Jeremy Corbyn is visiting safe Labour seats and in Tory seats which are unlikely to be won. But he is not doing much in the zone in between, where seats are most likely to change hands.
Akong Tulku Rinpoche was born in Tibet in 1939 and became an abbot at the age of four. At 19 he joined a freedom walk from Tibet to India and made his way to the UK. He moved to Scotland in 1959 and founded Samye Ling in Dumfries
Philip Hammond says the extra money will help support a system 'under pressure' Social care chiefs have said they will need to spend nearly £20bn on services this year. By 2020 that funding gap is predicted to grow to £2.6bn. About 500,000 people in England pay
Charlie Alliston was 18 when he allegedly hit Kim Briggs while going 20mph. Mrs Briggs, 44, suffered brain injuries and died in hospital days later. Mr Alliston, now 20, is on trial for manslaughter, which he denies. He also denies causing bodily harm by wanton or
Two men died in the blaze above a funeral director's office in Llanrwst, Conwy county. The Abergele inquest is examining if a Hotpoint dryer caused the fire. On Thursday, a fire engineer told the hearing there was "no compelling evidence" it started in
Petty Officer Aimee Mejia, 21, was involved in a three-car accident on Okinawa. Police said she was driving the wrong way down a street and hit two vehicles. A local woman was left with a cracked breastbone. It is the latest incident involving US troops based
Speaker Bercow has been given three urgent questions to answer today. The Commons will debate a motion to change the Commons Standing Orders on the re-election of the Speaker, after a General Election. Under the old rules, MPs are presented with a motion that the incumbent Speaker should resume
YouTube said the video has been viewed more than 2,147,483,647 times. It has now changed the maximum view limit to 9,223,372,036,854,775,808. The second most-watched video on YouTube - Baby by Justin Bieber - l
Macgraff Leuluai, Ah Van and Chris Bridge scored tries for Widnes. Paddy Flynn scored hat-trick for the Vikings against his parent club. Larne Patrick, Luke Gale and Luke Gale scored for Castleford. Widnes move above Wakefield into
Baby girl born on 5 January is thought to be the world's second'modern three-parent baby' Another child was created using a slightly different method in Mexico last year. UK experts said this was 'highly experimental'
University Hospitals of Morecambe Bay NHS Foundation Trust rated inadequate. Royal Lancaster Infirmary and Furness General Hospital in Barrow needed to improve care. CQC inspectors said recruitment of nurses and doctors was a 'fundamental' worry. Trust said it was 'part-
Hull KR drop out of Super League after losing 18-18 to Salford Red Devils. Salford trailed 18-10 with two minutes left but scored two tries in the final minute of normal time. Niall Evalds, Greg Johnson and Josh Mantellato crossed for
Turkey wants to shut down hundreds of schools it says have links to a US-based cleric. Turkey says the schools are part of a vast and secretive network which the Gulen movement has used to build a powerbase. But pupils, teachers and parents interviewed in several countries say they have no
Agnius Naumovas was found on Margaret's Avenue at about 20:00 local time on Christmas Day. He was taken to hospital, where his injuries were described as serious. A post-mortem examination has been carried out by the Irish state pathologist.
Blackburn Rovers relegated to League One for the first time in 37 years. Charlie Mulgrew's free-kick and Danny Guthrie's strike put Rovers ahead. Lasse Vibe flicked one back before Craig Conway's penalty made it 3-1. Brentford
England's School Food Trust commissioned the research after a survey by Mumsnet website. Half of parents questioned said their children had asked for foods they had eaten at school to be cooked at home. The survey, of about 1,000 parents, found the most popular vegetables were carrots, sweet
The 56-year-old man, from Essex, was pronounced dead at the scene of the crash. No-one else was in the aircraft, which crashed in a field off Burrows Lane, Middle Stoke. The Air Accidents Investigation Branch (AAIB) are investigating the cause of
Eugenijus Tulauskas was up to four times over the maritime limit when arrested. Pilot had to take control of the container ship to ensure its safe passage into harbour. The 44-year-old seaman was fined Â£1,500 at Belfast Magistrates
Agustin Carstens is known for his rotund figure, which is often portrayed in Mexican political cartoons. He graduated with an economics degree from the Autonomous Technological Institute of Mexico. His supporters say his economic credentials make him the ideal candidate for the IMF. The fact he
British embassy in Tehran expected to be reopened within days. Move follows a deal agreed by Iran with six world powers on curbing its nuclear programme. Relations with Iran have been shaky since the Islamic Revolution in 1979. Iraqi forces are engaged in heavy clashes with Sunni Islamist militants across the country.
Luke Berry came close to opening the scoring in the first half but saw his effort from Piero Mingoia's low cross deflected narrowly off target. Berry powered another attempt just wide of Chris Day's near post on the stroke of half-time. Tom Pett went off injured in the
Star Wars actor's caravan was stolen from a site in Yaxley, Cambridgeshire. The Swift Archway Cranford 545 was 'locked up with hitch and wheel lock' Davis tweeted: 'My touring caravan was. stolen.. even though it was locked up with
Dinner in Edinburgh thought to be one of Obama's first major addresses since leaving office. He will also answer questions from the audience at the event, which is being held to raise money for charity. Tickets for a table of 10 at the dinner are expected to go on sale for approximately Â
Belgium banned the wearing of partial or total face veils in public in 2011. Court agreed that the ban sought to guarantee the concept of "living together" It was a ruling in a case brought by two women who wanted to wear the niqab veil, which covers all but
Martin Gallagher, 25, faces a charge under the Offensive Behaviour at Football Act. Charges include the claim that he engaged in behaviour which may be likely to "incite public disorder" Gallagher pleaded not guilty when he appeared from custody at Glasgow Sheriff Court.
Greater Manchester Police said shopper 'defended herself by repeatedly hitting the female offender over the head with the packet of bacon' But CCTV obtained by Altrincham Today suggests the police report was slightly more dramatic than the actual incident.
Alfredo Jauregui was convicted of killing former President Jose Manuel Pando in 1917. The silent documentary, filmed in 1927, captures the young man moments before his execution. It was censored as soon as it was released and remained unseen for 85 years. Jauregui's great-
The US economy is weaker than the rate setters thought back in December. Key forecasts for the economy and inflation were all downgraded. Some are concerned about the Fed's move toward "normalising" interest rates. The last rate hike was eight years ago in 2007 and it's been
Isle of Wight Conservatives voted against motion of no confidence in Andrew Turner. Opponents said Mr Turner caused 'turmoil' over personal arrangements and past expenses. Mr Turner, who has been the island's MP for 14 years, said he was'very pleased' at the vote.
Ayshah goes to Liverpool to find out if she has what it takes to be a WWE Superstar. She gets some help from Finn Balor, Enzo Amore, Big Cass and Bayley.
Flappy Bird was removed from online stores on Sunday by its Vietnamese creator. Dong Nguyen, who created the game in just two to three days, was making as much as $50,000 a day. He said its removal was not due to legal issues and that he may make a
Bags lined up in front of East Sussex resort's Big Wheel close to the pier. Amnesty International supporters are zipped into some of the bags in the first few rows. Protest comes ahead of an EU leaders' meeting over the crisis in Brussels.
Six-week Royal Household Hospitality Scholarship initiative launched in Grenada. Training could include shadowing a service team at official events. Prince Harry is on a 15-day tour of the Caribbean.
Rafael Nadal beats Stan Wawrinka 6-1 6-4. Jamie Murray beats Milos Raonic 6-2 6-0. Jo-Wilfried Tsonga beats Roger Federer. Gael Monfils beats Marcel Granollers.
Mr Pistorius says he mistakenly shot his girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp through the door, believing she was a burglar, then broke it down with the bat. The prosecution says he tried to beat down the door and then fired the gun. Mr Pistorious denies intentionally killing Ms Steen
Families rationed their food and had little communication in their homes during the war. Luxuries like chocolate and fruit were very difficult to find and families had to grow their own food.
